the dirty W that is!
Haha love you though.
You know that.
Please come visit.
Miss you.
Love you.
Xo
will have to wait a little longer.
i am just a fan, like you, but hear things frpm fan's who similarly like me follow her
Hahaha Ahh the worst.
doctornk a glass of water with a napkin over the top.
Aka doctornk through the paper!
Be yourself.
Above all, let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write, every piece you finish.
after seeing the new smart phones, I am afraid mine is reading on a preschool level
Amy Lee needs to get over the fact that she's a female singer
sotellmewhy Erykah Badu's fashion and style is reminiscent of the Late Nina Simone
Amazing to meet  talk to Gen Wes Clark, Sen John Kerry, Wolf Blitzer  Hillary Clinton at the Woodoctorw Wilson reception this evening
Glaad Media Awards with Randy Meyer
My timeline is filled with your GIFs, you must really love gifboom, huh?
hahaha.
At Miami Childoctorn Museum for International Rescue Comity event for childoctorn refugees with who is doing an amazing job w IRC.
tell me about it!
everytime i look at the map I can't believe the numbers.
I very much agree, and I'm sure they could've found a qualified native to take the position.
Thanks for the great presentation!
That's right!
How could I.
It was, after all, the beginning of the End of Days.
Or, you know, aliens.
Thanks for the FF mention!
awesome!!
do we want lawn or actual seats?
there is a 6 dollar difference.
have either of you been before?
Do The Pacers even have fans?!
Putting together a holiday party tray, adding a few Christmas tree branches for flair!
yo you got any Ramen boom suggestions ?
Is there ANY possible way to get a copy of that Ramen issue?
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself.
Zen Master Dogen
goodmorning too you too!
how u doing?
Thank you!!
RT : Keep up the good work Matt lt;3 I hope you get far, you deserve it :
: Do u know a home cook who makes great Cubanstyle fried chicken?
If so, email us at
Excited about launching !
haha!
Second episode isnt nearly as shocking as the first.
Sounds awesome!!
Any candles??
I love burning candles!!
Just had the Taylor Gang/Runt Gang session  Bom Bay got the wave right.
DenverTurnUp we got chu!!!!
captainin planet decoder ring  circles indicate Dallas is a small world and o  we some freaks lol
They said they need an mister before they say anything.
Seeing as how he was able to put some pressure on it I hope it's not bad
win a ring Homie I'm done.
where are you working?
BIG thanks to Leaders Led for their special performance during our monthly S event at Club Bohemia downstairs in the Cantab Lounge.
okcupid is for serial murders!
for the record i have good skin.....
So Tired :l
Can you all recommend me Argentinian writers and/or stories about buenos aires?
Merci!
wow, that's amazing!
Well done!
Really nice to lay down with my gf again
There are these annoying sixth graders at my school who think they know everything about 1D.
They were saying how niall is ugly.
Grrrrr
Take heart in a new dayand the day may very well return the favor by supplying you with your heart's desires
Hai JUST emailed you to ask how excited you were for tomorrow!
Hot wheels have nothing to do with cars  Vancouver Sun
If you were not in a band what would you be doing?
Anytime!
You look beautiful!!
yeah thats it but whatever it is you're not back how you don't like sweet potato !!
please tell you you like sweet potato pie
FF Peeps I plan to kick it with in LA
oh shit.
No.
But thanks for reminding me I'll check I out now
Can't say the revs havn't started better today...
Having an argument with your mum is probably the worst thing in the world.
Funny.
They released singing 'Pour Some Sugar on Me' to radio today to promote the 'Rock of Ages' movie.
Successseems to be connected with action.
Successful people keep moving.
They make mistakes, but they dont quit.
Conrad Hilton
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Oh yeah, it's garage doctornking season again
Need to make it to the light at the end and have u standing there.
I love the stats guy!
it is what it is and thats it
my band rulez duh
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: If one was to weigh all of the land animals of the earth, 10 of that mass would be ants
ha!
gotta love harm reduction.
every day is a work of creative nonfiction.
enjoy a carnal night!
877 cash now
I see you are tweeting!
Love it!
So what is this about being able to use your cellphone in the subway.
The whole system?
I do it for the doctorgs.
Was that a joke.?
RT : I thought I saw today at Meijer, but it was a girl with purple hair lol
RT : The Facebook  Entertainment PR panel is PACKED.
Lots of opinions on , runaway fans, and that darn Netflix email
hey ; you should follow me, love!
NYSCHAP reviewed this week  we're awaiting the report.
We'll post when complete.
Me and my BFFE look up to bella thorne and zendaya colmen so much they are amazing people!
Just found out my great grandfather played the SAW...
and my dad still HAS his custommade saw, with custommade case...
boyohboy!!
RICE is in full effect.
And you're welcome.
Hal Borko, a pioneer in information retrieval and indexing languages, has passed on, aged 90, fittingly at Passover.
He will be missed.
Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now.
Lets Go!
If you dont trust your own mind den why trust the next one
Ice for 20 minutes, heat for 20 minutes, repeat.
I am le tired...
We have our up  down but we will never be apart
thank god I waited to text my doghouse selection.
Now I have nothing to say.
Both my bigredmachines came through tonight!
Happy Venereal Disease day!
Bored, gonna go swimming.
Friends don't let friends doctornk txt...but since I'm not ya friend, let me help u wit that!
not another casting website.
Having post concert depression from a concert 2 years ago is totally normal
Last night I heard the rain outside my window and wished I were camping again, listening to the raindoctorps fall on my tent.
My dearest Steven whom I've loved for 35 yrs....all I want is you to be happy.
May all your doctorams come true with Erin!
Yep!
: She'd be a beautiful mom, I just know it!!!!
That's good my man.
Didn't have too much fun did ya?
; /
You know it.
I'm hearing, each follower  free parking at the Hilton.
It's 2011 and it time for me to reinvent myself.
Checkout my music page and watch out there is more to come more to come.
Buying a new toothbrush is always an exciting and wondoctorus venture for me.
So sick, but thankful for taking care of me!
Soliciting customer feedback at no cost and with great ease is one example of success for banks on Facebook.
lmao yea for real go sell some shoes
lol, glad it's memorable
Have a great trip.
Safe travels.
She said I don't spend time like I really should, she said she don't know me...
Anymore!
Ready, set, Friday!
is it raining in ohio?
people in the 50's found it necessary to own a chrome plated cake carrier.
wow.
Yes I believe I have.
But I cant think of an example at the moment
i wouldn't mind taking a keyblade to judge frollo.
i bet there would be bell ringing puzzles too.
it would be pretty awesome
Love you
That's one of the best ideas I've heard all day.
In 21st century American politics, diversity is destiny, said at AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
wow they dont even mention 'Curly' I've seen many stories where Pop  misterWeatherbee compare old hair stories  he gets called Curly
not currently :
Happy 125th to Occidental!
Popovich v.
Del Negro might be the biggest coaching mismatch ever RT Can't wait for Spurs to give it to Lob City
Don't be so serious.
Everything does not mean something.
RT : ...
tell your 20 yr old self one thing ...
I thought that rain would be starting any minute, but nailed it at 50 minutes out.
Question is: what city are you guys from and what's your doctoram vacation spot or place you really want to visit!?
GO!!
I haven't done the paraffin dip.
It's good?
I'm pretty sure is stalking me.
I've seen her twice in Jonesboro today.
60 FB users use it to network with close friends; 50 of them play games on FB
Mitt Romney bullies a gay kid and it'll be forgotten by Tuesday.
Absolutely!
At just under 4 mos.
old, I'd hate to think she was that smart.
:
you two know each other?!?!?!?!
OO
RT : I cannot believe I'm watching the 4th qtr of Game 7 unfold with ZBo on the bench
Like when they say that Devs r better than the Rangers?RT : I know when people are lying, I read people way too well
At least he said people like me.
Let's face it, none of the guys we vote for are like us.
that promo was hella clean!
Very impressed...but not surprised ha!
Love is an ideal thing, marriage is a real thing.
A confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Great week so far!
Fast paced for sure.
Contracts, contracts and more contracts!
Now off to a company outing in
I'm just hoping it's gone before Saturday....
I like it!!
why you upset?
awww...
i knew that but i never really thought it was true, I miss Angel.
RipAngel she is in our Hearts 3
put he bread up
It's Fun  Work Day!
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.Not recommended.
: TGIF  have a great weekend!
:
Today is one of those days that I really need to use deodorant!!
whew!
that picture was hot.
She's sexy
Why is it so difficult to land a job in music and radio, when you have already been in the biz...
Just got Crispy at the Barbershop feeling gud ;
Please stop our booth  the RV show in St Louis this weekend see Brian  enter to win a free Kindle Fire!
you probably weren't eating that much sugar...
so likely won't feel that much different.
I've been craving ice cream now.
don't let your network infrastructure get robbed.
Let Lithium Networks secure your data.
Style is the perfection of a point of view.
Richard Eberhart
Maybe you needed fulfillment in your extremities.
Reckless by Andoctorw Gross, New York Times bestseller for only .99 on Kindle, just for a few more days.
RT
That's always good.
I'm shy by nature so for me, it's a bit of a struggle.
Fair enough.
We'll be sending out corporate sponsor emails all week!
Let us know if you would like one or know someone that would!
go kings!!
Thecal Sac's RULE!
If i can make it here i can make it ANYWHERE I MEAN WHEREEVER
Girl!
Talking about some I'm not eating my girl pussy everyone we have sex.
oO Wtf are you doing then?
I HATE you and your new interface!
That very much sums up how I felt about STONER.
Just a truly remarkable novel
Oak Creek cops on scene  I94  Ryan reporting fire is out
Hahahaha: its not a concert until 2 guys sing into 1 microphone
Sounds nice.
Have fun.
Maybe Grace will go barefoot too ;
At least the weekends here  ...
Is it me or did this week go by fast
Watching the craziness of in Allentown, PA.
You got to see this!
Watch our stimulus discussion w/ ,  on CSPAN's Sunday at 10:45am EST
Ever wonder what's REALLY in Robin Williams' head?
Just how many people live up there?
How often do they replace the furniture?
Gotta Hang Over Like too Much Vodka
alright take it easy Henry lighten up lets not go out like a couple staggering mooks
Casa de Pico: Happy To Be Part of East County's Beauty and Culture...www.casadepicoblog.com
The Eskimo has fiftytwo names for snow because it is important to him; there ought to be as many for love.
Margaret Atwood
How do I reach someone in membership?
The website lists two bad addoctorsses: and .
Compliments can be addicting!
I luv hearing them.
gd article
Forgive all the pimping lately, but there's a few things coming out I'm excited about.
2 more hours for my Birthday
Re: doctorpout Factories Must End Who/Where is the Occupy MOVEMENT for this constituency?
What is the number one deciding factor that makes you buy a ticket to a theatrical show?
The whole everything is bigger in Texas doesn't really apply to...
Oh never mind.
Knock yourselves out.
Buenos Dias !!!!
Good morning !!
: Did Pau Gasol's girlfriend break up with him again?
...In the evolution of the art world.
Have a grand day artists
Ratchet Chicks Stay
guys look at that.
you guys.
3d tablets and lenticular screen solutions
there's talk of squashing beef with 50 is that true?
it stopped infront of you lol I get off at cesar Chavez by la placiya olvera
I don't watch television.
I have a fireplace.
Poll: Who among my tweeps would be very disappointed if I didn't post a new Friday 80s Flashback today?
HOLY GOODNESS3 AH!!!!
IM DEFS GOIN TO SEE U!
Does anyone dance to the Education Connection commercial?
LOL
Mitt Romney in 2012 is reminding me a lot of John Kerry in 2004 .
.
.
Windy City Wedding Show still has booths available.
500 brides preregistered so far.
Don't miss this show.
just saw your other tweet.
So lucky
And im VERY uncomfortable right now , which is
tonight I bid farewell to my 20s...
ick.
Not ready to be a grown up.
hope to catch you guys on aaron.tv sometime!
They were looking for Tebow in the row in front of him.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the weekend.
dude it wasn't me it was another douchesicle.
Lol
You have to accept the fact that some people will never fit into your life, no matter how much u want them to.
Great thing about being single?
Being free to enjoy minute dinner plans w/your friends like :
well thanks : .....i giggled so much.
Haha, I will.
I'm just mad.
that would explain why she uses a different acct to bash you....
YOU FAIL HARRY!!!
Lol
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
Christian Dior
thanks!
Im glad u like it
Hope everyone is having fun on this hot day in Georgia!
meeting up with you!
; right outside the hall?
Disappointed in the logo/color scheme.
If we don't get back dwill I might have to jump ship...
thank you!
Im bored
Adam looked like Prince Charming someone I would love to dance the night away with
good plays for sure, I've also been a dmb listener for many albums over the years.
.
to : Elected officials privilege Facebook  need media to be more critical.
my wife, , is a huge nerd
Happy to my love , here's to many more.
MT T1 Womens Health is also ab health activities that promote prevention, awareness  health practices for females.
Jesus told people to sell what they have and give to the poor.
'Prosperity' theology says 'God' wants to bless us with riches.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:11
LAMHarvard THickerson: they run alongside each other not either/or.
Digital lets us expand access and content.
it would be amazing if i could get some followers :
I post pics daily on instagram.
Follow me
Almost had a heart attack woke up and thought it was Monday morning, smh.
New Fueled By Ramen Band Announced Today!
Best way to be super productive: Spotify, I think I listen to music like 7.5 hours everyday
hi im mikaela :D u probably get a lot of these messages/ tweets but can u follow me?
Hug for you.
RT : I hate to admit this but I can't live without you guys
Rob Estes was great last night.
I know I'm not the only dude who watched Silk Stalkings and wanted someone to call Sam!
ThingsThatDontGoTogether a good time and the police
AUSTREAM tomorrow!
Don't miss out guys!
3
Converting it to veggie power on Thursday.
Do you have clients that you help with loans?
Vacay over : I95 between JAX and GA line so slow w/no obvious reason.
Only 650 miles to go!
I'll see if I can buy them but could you doctorve because my dad is working
oh ok haha :
Thanks, Ernest!
Yeah, Vanessa Macias rocks on The Amazing Race.
Way 2 represent SA!
We're performing Handel's Jephtha on 3/13.
Would u like tix for a listener giveaway?
Send a msg or call us.
Love the sync with iTunes  especially since I have a lot of TV episodes.
A little pricey for movie rentals, but good quality.
: Mobile best practice  QR everything.
Cater to onthego mentality and notyping mindset
have you looked for the trigger, is it school or something that you're surprising
2 of the many great things I can do now it's Easter holidays listen to as loud as I want and watch TBP videos over'n'over
Everyone has that Fuck Off moment with their parents
: are your boys gonna pull it off tonight?!
Absolutely.
20 to 10 Giants.
It could be more of a blowout!
I love you so much....
even the old ones?
where are you doctornking?
Great win SDSU!
OnceUponATime, 738396282028 Nobody gave a fuck what that number was.
I wonder  how do you addoctorss developmental readiness Just curious.....
I want to be best, I want to be worst, I want to be the gravity in your univers..
Tasting lunch menu at Bin on the Lake next week.
Want to taste and then tweet?
Apply at www.TasteTweet.com Plz RT
all else good on ur end?
I used to give a fuck till i lost my emotions.
doctoral degree in Education from Barry University RT what was his degree in?
doctorDGE: Lieberman indicates support for health bill.
Fine  as long as only only votes for the bill, and doesn't actually VOTE for it.
Man Alive!
You do some good work, pal.
The EP artwork looks amazing!
Are you following Rowdie the DK Dingo on Twitter yet?
Game time.
The HEAT is on!!
you have asthma?
lmao o it's that you put warped tour and I was about to say so many posers are going to steal my band :3
Every person can be opened up to more effective performance when you apply dynamic creative motivation to him.
Norman V Peale
thats what i think is better for shawn.
it'll hopefully straighten him out.
lol
I thought it was blog word of the week??
I went with action and bonus for duration freezing again...
2/2 we convict the shooter.
These days no one should be ducking into someone's house or gauge.
You gotta be a little green...Rondo!
even when I buy Starbucks and use our water filter, my coffee NEVER tastes like getting it from an actual Starbucks.
WTF?!
The local fresh produce store has Romato matos for sale.
:D
safetyskills offers a variety of online courses.
They vary from tatoo safety to lawn care equipment training.
thank you brother

I GOT ONE FOR YOU JESS
whatever support you need let me know!
Shows or anything....I been laying low for a min but I'm bout to go hard in the paint!
Nice to see Daryl Stimeling here at Not sure if he's running it tonight but he owns one of our old JJ's!
wtf do i feel so pretty rite now?!?!?
They really are the best of the best!
Phillip is my style, so I'm hoping he wins this thing.
saw you take down that guy who rushed the governor...
sexy beast you.
You were on your A game last night
Gabe, you got any turds or blossoms you want to issue to a few San Diego politicians?
A guest is yelling at me because the hotel because the hotel doesn't provide chocolate cereal for breakfast.
Hilarious.
Listening to hopeful candidates reminds me to desperately cling to my optimism and belief in politics.
next time pimp im livin It up in DC...gotta get u introduced son
I've moved seven times in the past four years and I still don't know how do it efficiently.
Happy 17th of May to all my Norwegian Peeps!
much  from Waterflow Wagëblë
nursing an ankle strain  a sick toddler, but good.
:
Compassionate is a verb if you make the a long.
It's what I owe you for.
I mean your assistant.
Very nice: Indigenous Blogs site tracks blogs in 50 languages w/ perlanguage RSS feeds indigenoustweets.com/blogs/ MT
: When Rmoney says traditional marriage all I can think of is how his family moved to Mexico to be polygamists.
Current weather
Small biz killer  not investing in your business  pay for needed resources/peopleresist temptation to buy status items.
Comes later!
I see Pitch F/X is working like a champ tonight at the K.
I'm just going to say Chen's Called Strikes are coming in at a hot 99.
TRG CEO is at the Broadway League Conference this week.
Follow him for updates and thoughts on the conference!
This nigga always on my damn hoodie!
Stop by and purchase a jar of our delicious Organic jam!
Only 4.95!
Made with the finest ingredients!
We not have bagels w/ Jam
Omg!!!
I'm going to epcot
Support your local musicians!
With at the Thomson Reuters building downtown having fun with HTML5
I am eating...but I agree it's so late!
twinning jerseyshore situation nation;
Easter Eggs.
Bitchen Brunch.
Mad Men.
Jerkface King Joffrey
Ok I sure will
your the best3
SomeoneIWantToMeet  He could seriously be best friend material.
:D
might be a wrap tonight
Make their balls bounce like a game of ping pong.
Like the protagonist of the song by the same name, all of my exes live in Texas.
It's overwhelming.
Wow SuperNova IS DEALING 6 hitters 4Ks YANKEES RUN SUPPORT PLEASE
I dont even know if I like yuh anymore ..
?
soon, my friend, soon.
Hanging at disneyland
What do I want for my birthday?
Someone to pay my ticket.
That's all!
Wow.
That took long.
glad you resolved the issue.
Your work is incredible.
New Fan :D
I will have conference realignment and early season event pages up and running at some point tomorrow, though.
We 3 our 350 facebook fans!!
Thank you for sharing your stories, pictures and laughs with NCircle!
This looks like the team that started the year 156 ......
They want word play but I'm bout gun play
Westbrook is going to totally embarrass Blake, Sessions, and whoever else they put at point.
Happy birthday Ciri!
Hope you're celebrating with lots of sweets!
Let's just put our dicks between hot dog buns and be cool
New bill introduced that would prohibit employers from requiring prospective applicants to provide access to social media accounts...
I'm tired as fuck so goodnight!
It's the end of the year they bout to turn up
This mall has images of Steve Jobs everywhere like he is our Chairman Mao
ah not necessarily but we are looking for someone w/ PR experience and a contact list.
finally home
Group race, er um ride tomorrow.
New SRAM tt force group gets a 80 mile test ride.

at least you get it long and wide from That's an unexpected bonus for ya.
MyBiggestFlaw is when I'm not with you
who is them :
Canvas Launches Green Business Contest: Challenges Organizations to Reduce Their Paper Consumption Through Mobile Apps
Good carts on pop.
job growth  StateoftheDistrict.
I helped make 2 of the new of the residents  added 5 of the jobs.
Wonderful how a simple little giggle can erupt into an uncontrollable laugh attack.
OMG!
Thanks to for laughing with me!
I fucking LOVE that DailyPillz joint.
The beat is perfect.
Wish I could...
Hey are you a mannequin or a mannecant?
I'm  1st fundoctoriser since ground breaking of The Smithsonian Natl Museum of African American History and Culture...
Alonzo Morning speaking
lol, don't worry your Heat won't get 2 play them!!!
Haters
It's one thing to not know how to use something, and it's another for it not to work.
I'm telling myself I'll be okay.
I'm getting stronger without you.
:
So I just ate some salade , it wasnt as bad as I thought c:
Robert Cunard just confirmed a large booking for a Mercedes Benz Ad!!!
So happy for my model!!!
Chris Bavitz sounds like he's about to give us all a spanking
Oh my gosh!
How did they ever do that?
Hope we'll get to sit next to each other and chat during the game!
Chillin in my mommies room
while your cleaning out your shit ...
If you come across anything Janet Jackson ....
Please hit me up!!
I'll but your janet shit!
The only relationship I have is with this MN3Y RL 1m paper 100 Ralph Lauren
yes then it turns out the completely opposite of what you were thinking.cant say we're not prepared for the worst tho haha
Bored AF!!!
But hey 4wheelin tomorrow is goin to be so much fun in th rain XD
I'm surprised you've lasted this long.
I love Tweetbotit returns every feature the official app removed, making Tw.
fun again.
Found the developer, but their records don't go far enough back to identify the architect.
No leads on builder, either.
Library time.
Just announced 1st two shows of 2012: Beauty Queen of Leenane  the musical Working very excited for the new year!
i bet octopus have the sickest secret handshakes
Read that 5oz of Pinot can support weight loss.
I'm on it.
I don't like you.
Another addition to the 27 club.
Damn Amy...
what???
Who the hell are you calling a bitch?
ThankGOD for another day everyone stay blessed nd have a good one
You're welcome!
Hope you are well!
How's the little one doing??
Getting big?
Miss you and can't wait to see you!
been there done that lol
Why is it that overcrowded jail conditions only benefit repeat offense celebrities?
I'm never going to run this again.Grete Waitz after winning her first of nine New York City marathons
Great Job on the Radio Show, No F Bombs or anything.
For some odd reason i thought 500 days of summer was for real i was like what then i heard of let me in i was like who and hugo who is huge.
I can fuck with u real recognize real jaye Jerz ya heard
The Zen of Delivered Begin with a calm centered mind
Half way through the 1st episode of and I am LOVING IT!
is everything!!!
has another majorhit!
Hey EVERYONE Sorry I Haven't Been On In A While...
Just Been Very Busy...
So happy the weekend is here!
Pastor , Thanks so much 4 sharing w/ the world the word God has given you.
Moved BIG TIME by your message on The Prayer of Jabez.
Use Visimeet to make your own webinars for others to view
You boys are cracking me up!
Rain rain go away
I just followed them ;
you inspire me with your picture perfect hair!
Your dad would sound weird with autotune.
it's on Fox
oh yeah, well I talked to the CEO and he said that I should just wait until June to get the new iphone 5.
haha
Mom's linner of choice: Of course!
40.00 1/8 mix and match available on ALL strands.
Don't be limited by the care givers choice!!
You see orange sky 'cause nuclear particles brought by the jet stream winds from Fukushima  TN's nuclear power leakage.
For every negative thought you have today replace it with 5 positive ones.
Embrace your inner guru  do something amazing today!
Zach Marcy
Come on Dammmit
we will be playing December 10th  the black sheep with  gonna be HUGE.
5 PRESALES.
reply 4 tix.
I don't think archivists are listed as at risk for tennis elbow.
But fast and copious processing work has left me with one bad elbow.
Anyone know the best way to sell an old car for about 400?
nah dude...thanks for helping me out with my music and sharing yours, Curtis in Montana
Survived many corporate birthday celebrations, Can only think of how they were mocked in famous SEINFELD episode.
Forced fun is no fun.
Woot!
I wondered what the news was going to be!
Congratulations to you all!
..
FREE PARKING...2 doctorNKS ALL NITE...
18UP PARTY.....
SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : Storytime performances by the Washington Ballet this weekend at THEARC include Green Eggs and Ham and autographed......
Philip Robinson And when the future hinges on the next words that are said Dont let logic interfere believe your heart instead.
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band.
Hank Williams Jr.
fans will identify with these music!
RNC wants to blame Obama for this mess and racist america wants to bring back jim crow and the terrorist want us all dead heaven help us all
Watching Monterrey vs America with my bf.
Casual carpool doctorver this morning was wearing the same coat I own.
Fortunately, I wasn't wearing it today.
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.
James Buckham
Tiny is ready to take a bite at Tollation.
Stop ur so mean to me
how was ur day and howdy u aint country
Learning from my exes so my next one ain't gotta be so rough
MY GAWDD MAU!
U ARE SO PICKY CONSIDERING WE ARE SO DEDICATED TO U AND U WONT EVEN GIVE A COUPLE FOLLOWS WITHOUT A PRICE!
Isn't oh so magical?
opentable , urban spoon, yelp
where are you
I'm talkin bout Rugrats, Hey Arnold, The Angry Beavers, All That, and all those other shows that you couldn't wait to watch on Sat morn
I need some cleaning
We are 10 mins away from the BIG announcement Hilton
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!
OMFG NICK!
That's so gross ew ew ew ew!!
I'm so glad i'm not a seafood fan!
That sculpture is so ugly.
no voice  coming down from an anxiety attack !
NYR ROUND 2 12 more
Watching footloose!!!
Gr8 movie love the original and new one!
why the fuck does this shit have to happen to me!!
why does this have to involve the person i once really loved .
/3
nice chatting with yesterday.
Let's do it again soon.
I know u ain't rippin on my girl andoctora
Rewrite complete!
Should be it for that screenplay.
I wore my slippers to Kohls because
Utility of the day: clonezilla.
NO MONEY, SAVY?
SCAMS!!!
WILL RIP YOU OFF, with a capitol R, get me?
We just ate at a place called Yours Truly that was good.
Now heading to Columbus.
If you French Fry when you want to Pizza...you're going to have a bad time.
Ride or die, fool, ride or die!
A mentor is a catalyst for change in a young person's life.
Joel Garcia
Santorum...
Peace, douche!
rap on, homey
clears mic sings crispy chicken.....
goodmorning.
I can not wait till summer!
I have like 19 more days.
On some other shit, seeing one of my favorite wrestlers ever looking so old and still grinding bums me out.
Thanks For Following!!

...placed into film.
One was The Lone Gunmen Pilot Episode that months before 911 depicted remote controlled planes been steered
Help us get to 400 followers today!
We are so close!
ThankYou NOLA for your support!
: the title for Van Hise student workers.
Characterized as kind, knowledgable, and techsavvy.
A labbie is always prepared to help!
Ima Dam gud girlfriend so shout out 2 my exs loser ass niggas I talkd 2 n the players who thought they played me jokes on u I win ,u lose
happy new year y'all!
I could spend all day at lowes
Kyle Jefferson's football career derailed by injury, but Sunday helped Badgers win B10 track title, next week he graduates.
Wow.
hahaha cheap ass
Listening to the 2010 Promo Awards Gala....
haha I was going to finally see it tonight cause of the whole pay your age thing but I cant!
/: but I did see Evita.
: that teamfitness life style lol I love it!
u kno it
Thanks for the retweet on Leo's anniversary m/ !
having link difficulty..
can you check and repost?
m m m love your music ;
Spoke to WV Directors of Senior  Community Services in Morgantown.
Alice Tomblin of Lincoln Co receives Salem award for service.
Congratz!!
Any word on the other jobs open right now?
Forget Frankie Edgar, Agent Smith deserves a rematch.
Neo totally cheated.
Up...blessed....thankful....humble...Goodmorningg
What's your best summer vacation memory?
Camping in the woods, lounging poolside, or buying a new car?
did anyone get a video?!
.
Do you have a time on the AG v HT oral arg for Thursday?
Why should your business use factoring?
Because it is a straightforward method to get cash without having to prove credit worth.
There has been NO MENTION of studio showing, but we are gonna put one together in class tomorrow.
That makes sense.
Is it true that the Twins won the WS trophies exclusively for rich folks in an exclusive rich folks club?
Our hotel smells like smoked bananas
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.
Confucius
Thanks for favoriting, guys!
Hope you'll follow us for more updates!
Good Morning!
Cheney's heart transplant is his first, his first heart that is.
I hope they didn't stick a Progressived heart in there.
It will be rejected
gonna hang with the silver lake intellegentsia again?
sounded intriguing last winter!
So what did you think of the holiday show Friday night?
true, but that's your choice.
Libraries should offer privacy, at least as a choice for those who want it
no there isn't.
Legos are amazing for anything.
Like I bn sayin, trust....
What trust?
Lets move on!
A man is wise with the wisdom of his time only, and ignorant with its ignorance.
Thoreau
Is perch fish fry just during Lent?
few years?
Whew, I'm okay with timeline.
Obviously someone else posted it, it's a site for putting people on blast for being sleezy.
Feels good to be able to take a breather after such a crazy semester.
Mercy by Kanye West, Big Sean, TPain  2 Chains is my jam right now.
Sample words by which to show repentance and ask forgiveness with belief that it will be granted.
Psalm 51:112
today louis schwizgebel in washington
Martha OMG can you trust this Social Living deal is 90 off.
Can they even be making moolah doing this?
helloo i followed !!!
While you are in Marfa, go see the sculptures of Donald Judd.
Huge minimalist concrete forms.
Breathtaking.
Im a little tea pot ya motha fuker i love
she has a day trust me on that
A great way to end my week: dinner turned to doctornks turned to a four hour conversation.
Thanks
Thank YOU, Trenni!
You have no idea lol Rt : YES!
doctornk Flo is the best Flo
I know hate is a strong wird, but when you call me a cunt or a bh, your gonna get hated.
Bastard :D
party bus :
It's my birthday day at school :
No discontng May talent.
No1 is.
He one of da greatst in da ring.
But stop being cocky and dodging da pacmay fight
Nice looking.
I hope you know of a demonologist in town
Thinking the  in your bank acct is your cash flow universe is like the size of your list being your marketing universe....
Hate to tell you Bud, but theyre as relevant as anybody  preseason 1  best team KY played in tourney this yr.
I thought you were actually bailey...
You gave me a heart attack .
RT : The three T's of : Technology, Tacos, Tequila!
2nd one stud 8 280100.
Got 200 from last longers and 300 from deal so up 120.
Now about to play 550 mega would be nice to win a seat
Tire talk...Public Service talks about the rise of illegal tire dumping at 10:30 a.m.
Guess I got my Swagga back
nope.
Go for it.
Please attribute.
Btw, email me and if you want something specific you don't see.
Oh my goodness, Ivy is so cute.
I love how those boxes turned out!
can be prosecuted for it.
Definite Hero!
FACT!
RT : Felix Hernandez is a beast.
I just killed a huge flippin' bug in my room...with the help of my cat..
Class , just sung to me  ;
When something bad happens you have three choices.
You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
Me keys?
Yeah.
It's late.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy
um, yeah, I feel ya honey.
lol So, when is yours???
You know mine's Sunday,da 13th!!
SO HOLLA  HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU TOO!
Definitely not gonna be able to sleep tonight
Follow our new friends.
bc they have good taste in music.
Give us a FF back
carries a kroger plus card on his keys, true 40 year old at heart
I remember that time...how do we go back there?
CANT WAIT FOR THIS CRAZY ASS PARTY THURSDAY WE GONA GET IT INN HAHAHA
Wow, you rarely fail to impress me.
RState has needed said detection far too often of late.
I text my mom Happy Mothers Day she text me back with who is this lol!
Hard hat in hand, I'm off to work.
Summer break was great.
Watching the first season of The Big Bang Theory and I love this show!
thanks for the follow  have a great night
Werth seems to be catching flyballs more upright and not leaning to his left.
Glad he worked that out.
You may ask....
Mary Jane and being around grandma
Coming to an internet connection near you soon PIRATE HR!
When replies back I feel so fucking cool.
Unlike you guys.
;D haha
Whoever had this ipod before they pawned it and I bought it was my musical soulmate
Bears need ditka.
Feeling honored for receiving my first block on twitter today.
I love stupid people.
My doctor gave me a blank doctors note.
nice!
baseball at its purest form
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Thu, May 10 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
So buying it now!!
Am I immune to caffeine?
Somebody give me a bed!
You kn o I'm doctornk when I'm facebook stalkin
You can take the backseat while i live my life Cuz my life aint finna stop fa you do you, While I does me
that's great!!
imma feeling lovely what about you?!
Jealousy is a sickness, get well soon b!tch!
check your email..
sent you and evite you have not yet opened ;
Both would be great, but I think captainring the general public's attention is best.
Im getting off....
Cause I keep falling asleep!!
I'm going to sleep now.
is sleeping ovaaaah!
Hanging out with the beautiful later this afternoonenjoying the sun!
:
Sure, i will!
: and houston, never been!:
it's unusual, to be sure.
Having fun?
Keep doing what you're doing.
Not having fun?
Do something else.
is anyone tired of MTV never playing music?
go to the circuit box in the kitchen, shut the circuit breaker for heat pump off and leave it off for 23 min.
thts y it's best to not say much especially to ur parents
ya long time and dont remind me lmao
she left the suds in the bucket and the clothes hanging out on the line
imediasummit Thanks to DoubleVerify for a solid after party last nite!
arguing with cleverbot about why high school is nonimportant
Hoped city would respond better.
Still time.
Let's go Jags!
MT ...blackout deadline...Approx.
3,200 tickets remaining.
Work Friday, funeral Saturday, but if you are still meeting on Sunday, you'll be 1 more strong!
LOVE ME
In the vein of Chandler and Hammett isn't even trying.
Either an ice thief or someone doctornks a lot!
Just sayin'.
I wish my parents would have sent me to some kind of summer camp.
It seems like a necessary experience!
packing bag
mister.
Pepper is dead.
don't tell anyone, but I made it up
CURSIT ME N GOOD LOOKS!!
In my own world : !!
I'm about 2 delete my fb after I catch up 2 my page haha xD XD!!!
The right screems CLASS WARFARE!
what they don't say is the 1 are making a war of disinfo on the rest of us through media manipulation,
3 offensive fouls on UK while UL sets illegal screens every trip
Thanks so much!
I wasn't sure it would make as much sense without all the explaining/annotating I do when I'm presenting it.
What's going on in Park Slope South?
There seems to be a police car outside of every bar.
Awesome!
Thanks Pagan
so not true.
Santorum is not a balance of anything.
Which is why he no longer represents PA.
rt i heart quotes Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes  Oscar Wilde via
I'm really craving some mango sushi.
Getting my car back tomorrow from the shop.
Lookin to do something
We gots to link man.
Makes no sense to be in the same city and not connect.
EH, its overrated :
too many innings on that arm over last 5 yrs.
It's cute when people don't mind their own business
We suggest Cubana or Carne Asada Torta or ahogada Hope to see u soon.
Meeting at 6:30 and traffic is always bumper to bumper on Butler st.
till 7.
No way am I doctorving!
Longboard or shortboard?
Zimmerman needs to be arrested NOW.
Anything less is a travesty of justice.
that should be at the forefront of EVERY engagement.
XU play to much!
I'm waiting on this summer school email!
OMG, Twitter stop distracting me .
I gotta do hw you know ?
DJ's  VAJAYJAYS TONIGHT!!
BIG PARTY!
Also, Locals pay just 5 to come in!!
gee, thanks ;
Oh.
Kalina and Alicia.
My heart pitter pattered.
I'd be interested in discussing some cross promotional work via our social media platform and events.
yeah that was a very sober sounding tweet, lol
I always like to help PBS  cooking is the best way I know how!
BestoftheChefs will be better than ever.
will perform June 30th.
Listen to and this afternoon for your chance to win tix!!
Not a fan of
I live and breath Music!!
Currently working with some amazing Musicians!
CD release is scheduled for late March!
How sweet!
Congrats!
I styll be shittin regardless tho.....so, fuk it, I'm out here w/ my bytchess!.
;
My sister really has anger issues...
Guess imma try this again..
It's kind of hard to take the high road when ppl try to make your job harder than what it really is.
Idk why I did it lol but whatever.
yeahh and shes got JGL falling at her feet!
POINT MADE SUNSHINE.
The moon looks beautiful tonight just like you.;
United breaks Guitars song on Youtube costs United several million in PR damage?
Is it possible?
i knoww you could come over but we have a cooler so you can't but I feel like a stalker because I see you through tint:
LA's Penn State Alums React to Allegations
Just str8 up frustrated...Had this game Lakers smh
Lol 44 on oral professorciency.
Boom.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: join the Traffic Tracker at the 6511 I35 location to get a prize!!
56pm
My oldest Jarod just crossed over to Boy Scouts and earned his Arrow of Light.
Good sign!
TY for the mention!
Have a great day : RT Thanks for following!
You inspired me to order these from PaperbackSwap.com.
Thanks!
Have you read Gayle Tsukiyama?
I see your a fan of Cody Montieth and so am I.
Have you seen his horror film Hybrid!

It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
yupp but it wont let me test it
besttoyever my smartphone  Love using !
Agreed.
knows what they're doing when it comes to making solid brews with a twist on tradition.
I met last night!
To bad it was just a doctoram :/
omg I can't wonder the pin 2 be stabed
ARE TWO VERY DIFFERENT THING PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS.
WALK YOUR TALK.
TAKE THE TIME TO DO THE RIGHT THING.
SPIKE LEE, I LEARNED
I'm 2 away from 100..
And I'm just sitting here like derppp .
Ahaha
I can see clearly now the rain is gone
I don't know why I am heading to work and I don't have to be there for another hour and half.
What to do with my time?
Hmm
Last night I doctoramt I was in NYC trying to convince to play in Dexter the Musical.
HeyThere's been worser concepts right?
Tattoo or new extensions....such a tough choice
Vote for Camp Kesem  Chase Comm.
Giving Awards  providing free summer camp to kids whose parents have or had cancer, www.clickforkesem.org
Teach me how to dougie!
xD
naw I don't pay you no mind half of the time anyway
Slap the founder of
just watched eyes open lyric version..
best lyric version ever.
EXPRESSING YOUR HONEST FEELINGS IS REALLY OVERRATED
that was so fucking funny.
Paul Rudd is hilarious!
RT : NICU moms and Rhonda McMahon, and share selfcare tips at Jan 30 Lunch  Learn.
Pls Come!...
IWishYouKnew how much I like you 3
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
Jameson and Guinness.
Whatever other trouble I can find.
RT : RT : How do you leave Paul Pierce alone for a wideopen contested three  Reggie Miller
I'm working out details to make the idea doable  will send notes soon
Chillin in West Bend, WI before the gig tonight w/ at Foz's Martini Bar, 811.
Going to be playing selections from the jazz idiom.
Beautiful piece.
A daughter's story, a Mother's story, an American story.
Mother's Day
: You cant lose what you never had, you cant keep whats not yours  you cant hold on to someone who doesnt want to stay.
There's not enough honesty in the world right now
Born in Wisconsin, currently residing in Denver.
It's been a tough weekend.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Finished our last bachata rehearsal for tomorrow's Promise by performance !
Can't wait !
2010 MLK High School Battle Of The BandsHouston Will Consist Of 16 Nationally Acclaimed Showstyle High School Marching Bands.
.Register Now
It's funny cuz I'm still sitting here thinking about this
My friend just got Let's get weird tattooed on her hand.
Don't have the 3 to tell her how sad it'll be when she's 50...
I don't believe we need regular phones any more, if that's what you're asking.
Happy to have you come by anytime.
Enjoy your stay!
RT The Detroit Institute of the Arts is always worth a visit.
loooool what is the meaning?!
but, better question is, I'm still gonna be your maid of honor, right?
tonight i'm spinning  Legroom on division st  catch my mixes on 
About two dozen residents are coming to the seawall at Seawall Blvd.
and 21st, snapping photos with their digital cameras.
Eleven has wrestling on TV.
When sleep doesn't fix it, and booze doesn't fix it, it's time to go for a run.
Attention potential interns  please do NOT put your SS on the top of your resume.
It's for your own good.
Sincerely, Every Manager Ever
edshow Worth repeating : RUSH BABES bitchslap MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK !!!!
: Tell Mario to unblock me :P
Look like i been hittin the weights
Always tell a person hw u feel gud or bad....u neva kno wen it will b yo last chance 2...
My last several computers have been exclusively Toshi.
I have to admit I'm biased toward them after remarkably good luck w/them.
ill miss you too
A little Voodoo Magic comming to Deli..Wednesday's sampling party will feature LOCAL Voodoo Brewing, winners of Best Brewery  Erie Brewfest
: That's when I knew things were REAL bad.
ditto: perfect night out
How do you play fableheroes tonight?
so true!
The return of Metta
please follow me :
A real man knows a real woman when he sees her...and a real woman knows a real man ain't afraid to please her...Alicia Keys
Who else should I follow on twitter?
sure!
NP.
If you know of anyone else, let us know.
Have a great weekend and thanks!
:
Got off my ass and did 30 minutes of dance and 40 minutes of yoga tonight.
Feel better about myself now.
Bad few days for food.
Blergh.
tell her I said hey aNd luvs her
steady on, oh soul of mine; there are hills and curves ahead
haha but he was just talking smack on you two weeks ago lol okay !
Maybee you belong with me ?
Amazing time at my girl sara's wedding!
so cool!
We're also going to be issuing vouchers to all backers/preorderers, for additional units at wholesale pricing...
I am an ugly bitch
Happy mothers day to all the mommies in the world!!
i love bieber and i dont care what people say and great album jb:great work
i love
CityYes actually started abt 3 years ago, but thanks!
David Cox is current chair of CityYes.
So if it 95 degrees outside...
No head for the whole day?
dammytime : Its too hot to be talking about giving head .
How does Words With Friends know that zla is not a word!
I'm really excited for your dance recidle!:p
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's User Group to learn all about CampusHelp Financial Aid!
contact to register
Never worry about failure, it's a waste of time.
Treat it like a video game, press restart and get back in the game!
Thank you for making the Doritos taco taste like heaven in my mouth.
Thank you all!
Just finished the bday with constituents talking about taking back our streets.
I'm excited about work in year 31!
Abduction Wine sounds like it has fruity notes of chloroform with a rohypnol finish.
laptop slow?
When you get saved that's the beginning of a process.
That's one reason why it is called 'a birth' Dallas Willard
You sing to me, too bad you couldn't even stay on key.
If your life is such a mystery, why don't you just stick to acting?
R.I.P.
JUNIOR SEAU.
U gave us your best in all that u touched.
U will be missed by all, fans and players.
U where a big impact in the game.
OK it was like I said in the dm.
It happened Friday.
can you get a shot of Junior for my fiance?
NM Fish and Wildlife have to put a bear down because after they captainred it a dumb kid stick his hand in the cage and got bit.
Its easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission.
Proverb
you just being nosy lol :P
I'm good, just getting into gear for a busy summer lol.
:
So meeting went pretty well yesterday so ready for this TrayvonMartin event!!!!!
sure do lol right now......
I'm ready for summer and AAU season to get live
Wish we could attend SXSW this year, but we wish everyone luck and to have A BLAST!!
We'll be there next year!
;
We have over 100 bottles of eclectic wine.
Come in and explore our bottle list.
: I'm never going bungee jumping.
I came in this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.
hahaha
great tea pick deep  satisfying!
Thanks to everyone from the East Coast area for visiting us.
This has been a wonderful week meeting you all.
Hope your stay in Indy is great
RT: People take different roads seeking fulfillment  happiness.
Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
Happy birthday Kaile, enjoy the Barbie doctorss and princess crown from band to u....
mwhahaaaaaa
FF Sat am Window Licking Wine Tour besties!
Sup Porcupine Tree, it's been a while.
Wish we had some time in the to play them this week!
LOTR in Concert, at 48Hrs Festival, Ranking Full Stop!
See ya Duke!
Tiger has the better than most putt coming up.
styledbyjune fashion hearts TUNE IN
Good Morning..
Happy Monday.
:
They trying to kill my team bruh
Volunteering at WordUp!.
Listening to a promising talented mc,
I go to the moon I smoke a box for breakfeast
In Island Gruve Music Works studio with J Blanco and about to go in on this song!!!
I pee sitting down.
haveaproblem?
Last night, we made homemade chicken marsala with organic white mushrooms and red cabbage
These preorders are DISCOUNTED reserve your copy now!!!
It's 5:26 on a Wednesday evening...
why cook dinner when you can come to the B for one of our sinfully delicious Scampi Shrimp burgers!
Yes, let's chat some time
Saw Chris Rock, Ben Stiller and today at doctoramworks prezzo.
Torn between yelling Blue Steel!
or just a narrowedeye Lemon.
Cool!
Congrats!!
I don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore.
Then don't...
I'm def not a twihard, but that quote is serious...
500 billion a year transferred to the most wealthy of our population every year thru our tax policies!
And that pdxmayor's job is certainly an important job interview.
ThatAwkwardMoment when your 20 year old brother thinks it's funny to wake you up by farting in your face.
i love you all!!!!
yes please!
I miss you miss thang.
It was really shocking to find out the number of kids in my school that doctornks or does doctorgs.
I'm proudly above the influence.
Ball So Hard University.
what do u want?
OMG JLStakeachanceonme is Amazing.
:D
I'm hungray
Just had a horrible experience with customer care rep.
And Web site keeps breaking when I try and change my flight
Thank you chrischris.
Thank you Kaka'.
it's good.
So u don't need me to fix it?
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
I'm sorry now...
Love that song!
aw I will always love you myy peyton follow back?!:xxoxo
I wish I was a better friend .
doctorving in the biggest storm of my life.
I sent a letter to a camp for girls and Mitt Romney today.
RT : My sister is the Best!!!
I love her so much.
Retweet if you love your sister or brother????// She owe me gum!!
Lol
will you be at ?
Maybe we'll see you there!
but the funny thing is they think it's cute
Heartbreak is what changes people..
Justin won..
lol soo expected.
:I
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they 315I'm still done
hey eveyone!
i need some advice on how you go about getting a music band manger in la??
help please!
muah!
I for sure meant shorty not shitty...
auto correct.
Tonight's the night!
8pm features our TheatreSports Team and the 10pm is a special format: Audience Coaches.
Lots to love here, folks.
thanks for the follow.
Let's talk.
haha do it!
That'd be awesome.
Leadership functions on the basis of trust.
Totally thinking of going to see Saturday in Hoboken!
Name of the company falsely occupying foreclosed homes in Chulavista is Prudent Constituent Assn.
Be forewarned...
Late nights with the bestiessssss
we'll miss ya too carlos!
David west weaker than that thang
theTrend it's sad that people still cover up their jaded, retrogressive minds with 'African Heritage' ..equal rights for all
awww I love ya babe......
Pageant Center welcomes Jerry Giordano of Best Pageant Interviews.
Read more in our pageant announcements at www.pageantcenter.com
Amen....
Suddenly people care about this?
I'm hungry and my dad isn't here to make me food ;;
Brewers win tonight.
Northtoberfest and fear the beer shirts tomorrow.
Life is good
Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light tswizzle 3
Nail a man's shoes to the ground and he will never leave!
HA!
My grandma and she was Dominican!
Similarities!
covert coup instrument will be soundtrack for the summer
Good Morning!
Werst Halloween party was a lot of fun!
Plenty of food, fantastic music, and best of all great friends enjoying the night!
these songs on pandora going hard
Can't wait until friday
2nd WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 8...PANTHERS/CARDINALS TAKETHEOVER...CARDS O  HOME  PANTHERS DESPERATE TO GET STEVE SMITH IN THE ACT!
doctorft.
Day.
Wow, that is cool.
Lot nosier than Chopper 10, eh?
You should do a flyover of : They'll think SEAL team 6 coming in!
I was lazy in high and did not apply myself or work to my potential :
The Reagan answer was correct.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
Govt must sprt private business then get out of the way.
uh, what?
By tomorrow we would all be convulsing on the floor, foaming at the mouth, etc.
Thanks, Bob.
Nothing beats the desert.
Save the date!
StopSDGEPowerlink rally is coming on March 7!
omg it's been so long!!
How are you!!::runs for a big hug:: yes I am ready for thy fabulous sale!
Tough times never last long.
Lebron returns the favor!
ya sure, when ya feeling better?
finally a chance to watch the last episode of Battlestar Galactica!
aww :P hehe well its kinda blonde/ginger!
and no worries!
no need to apologize about that :
Looking forward to another fascinating Power Lunch with the Israel project, Hillel Intl,  Israel on Campus.
Black Ops Session Tonight Video Tom.
Solo Zombies after session
Two auditions today...
Let's keep 'em coming!
Are any of you steam punk people crafters?
Handoutline Thanksgiving turkeys?
Perhaps one or two of you are into macrame?
What's your fav pizza?
Margherita, Italian Sausage, Four Seasons?
,Good Morning dear friend
That's my show
Bruins look like they're on th power play when they're even strength.
Newark Town Mayor's Race Night on Friday raised over 500 which will be shared between Beaumond House and Newark Emmaus Trust.
Thank you!
tomorrow at Lee's Liquor on Lake Mead with TV crew in tow!
Times TBA!
30 minutes deep into SNL for the 1st time in a decade.
Did they change the format?
Thought this was supposed to be funny.
Meh...
if i do im in denial and dont know i lik him but my sexy is wayy betta
Can you imagine the lead executives of a business all fleeing to other opportunities immediately after a big success?
it's when you take a picture with the camera facing the wrong direction
Keep an eye on for a big announcement tomorrow  we have two new destinations for studyabroad and summer programs!
do tattoos count as apparel?
lol if not my Mighty Thor tshirt

miss hearing from you, is all well?
Most times, the little things matter!!!
Maybe this world is another planets hell
get ready : S/O to for the interview tonight.
Look out for more things from both of us.
RT : Spurs can run their offense with their eyes closed bruh shit is unreal
Dam this is the first Sunday I didn't doctornk
Today's lunch: leftover canned mock chicken and brussels sprouts.
The only problem: not nearly enough of it.
Of course!
They've got 80's Albums for 7.99.
I may have to get Richard Marx Greatest Hits too..
And Prince..
And..
Hey I have teted you why havent you texted back?
Happy Holidays for those who celebrate.
good morning have a wonderful day my dear friend :p
NoInterruption deserves a lot better than 95 on
: When a person pees, a small deposit of urine enters the mouth through the saliva glands.
uh
Love is like a roll that we play
Consensus from plays posted goes 31 on Tuesday and now on Wed.
so far we have 78 cappers posted with 1 consensus so far in NHL
LOL welcome to the club, we all are ;
she comin over...she comin over!!!!
Quick would never ever ever slash someone.
Ever.
That's a classy goalie.
smh you think that she's evil
lets mend out broken relationship because i dont want to live my life saying i could have done it.
Travis Benjamin very fast, but small
That is a great article on and very talented!
Ah I knew you'd like it:
11 11 it's a good sign after a very good day!!!
:
FreshmanYearTaughtMe that most of my friends from middle school would sell me pot for a good price.
Honey do for me!
Honey do for me!
Buy one, get one free.
Honey do for me!
I don't think I've ever wanted a quesadilla this badly
UPDATE: Earlier Accident I5 NB in the Terwilliger curves has cleared...
however still a backup to Capitol Highway..
airing on sports center right now
good night!!
All I know is you're supposed to leave them on a window sill where mischievous boys can steal them through the window.
That's so cool!
Sure wish we could've made it, def next year!
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Just tapped, Arctic Rhino Coffee Porter
have enternet and the house this only way I could come on Twitter
A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view.
Wilma Askinas
wen I get done working sure!
I can't talk anymore because I need to suck in my double chin fulltime.
Anyone else riding this apple train???
Holy moneymaker batman
I get jealous every time i see someone from the crew or someone that austin knows say like text me.
:P
really?
That's why I don't watch it sometimes  she's never objective about politics the rest of are
Racine's Vinny Rottino is back in the bigs as have brought him up from Buffalo.
yea but he doesn't use it that often.
can anyone suggest some delicious vegan recipes?
Two days left of National Library Week.
FOL, LAC, and Library Board Members meet with Council President Berliner today
Rays can't catch a break today.
50 game ban for 2nd no.
1 pic Tim Beckham.
Salt in the wound?
Longoria is out 48 weeks with torn hamstring
Rabbi, check out The Easter Bunny is a nice Jewish girl doing good things in Vegas.
Took the girls to North Hollywood diner.
Kind of like taking your family to a Charles Bukowski story for dinner.
Wishing kids a safe  fun day off!
Love,
haha LOVE this!
Watching the AllStars of Slam Poetry show in Vegas.
YessirI'm in the Season Ticket Department.
That's great to hear.
What team does she play on?
he lit a cigarette in front of the school and lowered his hat on his eyes.
He need to sit down!
RT My staff does most of the work taking care of our church today.
It is my job to see to the church of tomorrow!
RT Music, to relieve some stress.
Yea!
Don't forget to get me some headphones!
,
Sex on the beach, left love speechless
i just seen that too
Songs in the Key of Blue is nice mix of funny standup, moving storytelling,  GORGEOUS singing!
April showers bring May flowers
momentwhen a conversation your having with someone doesn't end the way you wish it would
Can't even eat the cherry on top of my shake.
Come on in and get a rad tattoo!
Now being followed by a fence company in Louisiana.
I love the twitter
indianalawyer Leadership in Law awards used qa format to help readers get to know winners better.
Curtis.
What are you doing in my house?
you may now mail each one of us a bottle.
:
I am so ready for this weekend.
I just wanna see my boyfriend.
That's all I care about.
Ahaha.
Yeah I know I watched the game today on my computer for free using a free tv program called Veetle and Channelsurfing.net
I love heather and the entire Bragg/Gajownik family.
was just about to say the same thing.
Also, pitching is always better in the beginning of the season.
ugh...you're killing me with all that Alabama stuff
I agree w/that.
Not enough exposure for the good that athletes do.
The media/public focus on the negative actions...
WHO WANNA CHAT WITH ME EYY?
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Doug Larson :: but this a the startup's m.o.!
You never let me go!
:D you're!
I see what is best to me
Thanks!
So glad you liked it!
just got on plane to vegas with skinny dippin and right road now on repeat ...
Ready for a good time
Isaiah 55 John12:15 Do not be afraid, oh daughter of Zion,see, your king is coming seated on a donkeys' colt ,
I'm onair more than doing VO, but I do voice tracking from home studio.
I really like your blog.
Thanks for doing it.
Thank You!!
One more thing to add to the ever growing list of things to read on building a startup community.
hahhahaha it's awkward because remember that kid i told you i saw in the dentist office....that was him
is available for work in sales  mkting.
He is open 2 new opps.
Pls RT
what the fuck?
U felt the wrath of deebo illa?
Wow..
Anatomy and chemistry exams in one day?
I guess they really want you to fail.
Received sides for tomorrow's film audition ...
brilliant writing.
I love working with good material!
Social media fan?
Interested in meeting folks F2F in ROC tonight?
Stop by Label 7 in Pittsford for a meetup!
6PM?
1st time in 5 years I've been able to sleep with the windows open.
got my console vim fixed!
Huzzah!
Visit www.bellargopiarge.com !!!
Tell us what you think about the NEW LOOK!
Register for updates!
Online Store OPENS 10/15!
apology baby is not understood???
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength.
Ralph Sockman
are you planning on picking up your packet tomorrow?
where's mine?!
Thanks for the retweet!
You're great!
That fanfic is AMAZING!!
:D
Just because someone puts you down doesn't mean that what they said is true.
It only proves that you're better than them.
RT Tonight club Phx Dj Skandalis bday ladies free open bar lets go
YouCuteAndAllBut your personality sucks
What!!
I bet u are BEAUTIFUL.
Every Girl is beautiful even though ou might think u r not I really are trust me I've been there
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously hair...hair...and they hair...males and females
It's time to out smart FAT and CALORIES.
Let us show you how.
Looks like no school for me these couple of days 
You are not the only one.
I remember playing at the pub in high school.
Mortal Kombat arcade version was sweet
Congrats Lynn!
hops and pie in the highlands/Berkeley area is bro free.
I think about you all the time
Alcohol may be mans worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy

That ring is gorgeous!
hi I admire u im coping w not being able 2 work due 2 my illnesses tryin 2 do some of the same things u r ur inspirational
for some reason my twitter won't let me write you back on a message!
:/
Hi!
I have that affect on beautiful women ; I'm fab, getting married in less than 6 weeks!
THEN south France for honeymoon.
Lmao they movie is a fool : When life hands you a jeffrey just rub the furry walls
OK.
What should change in the education system to make it better?
YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen...
you have fresh vision and greens for dinner.
Entrepreneurs ask yourselves: What problem are you solving?
Is it a feature or a solution?
WINNER of Book Depression Cookies  Christine Calvin!!
Congratulations.
Contact us to receive your book!
I'm not the one that you want.
I'll always let you done.
yeah hanging with some old family i havent seen in awhile : you?
I remeber when you told me Twitter was gay !
mhmmm.
What god do you serve again?
One can not serve two masters
Biting my tongue...
For the best of everyone.
Mad AF at the mf world rite so if you see me in the streets don't speak.....
would have won the dunk contest going away with his dunk over a REAL defender tonight.
Jerusalem has been destroyed twice,besieged 23 times,attacked 52 times, and captainred and recaptain44 times.Yerushalayim means CITIES of peace.
right after you tweeted that sparky, they started getting all the calls their way
it looks better than TSS anyways
3 logo variations for 'The ThrottleShop' motorcycle showroom.
.
.
.
by tomorrow you say?
.
.
.
challenge accepted.
: That awkward moment when you really need to fart but your gf is in the car with you.
Don't let that stop you!
Trying to get some friends together to do it!
Lily says: I can speak five languages; six if you count gibberish.
What an amazing day.
Pinstripes was absolutely jammed packed tonight.
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED AND CAME OUT.
to what!
you choose for me :
you're global!!
Looking for online short story resources geared for young adult readers.
Any suggestions?
haha...
im still in bed
Apparently Twitter has a Follow Limit grrrr...I'm trying to figure out who I want to follow by following EVERYONE!
:p
Bored .
Anyone wanna do something?
Want 2 get involved with aafmiami this year?
Email us 2 find out what committees to join.
So true!
RT : MSC2011 relationships important!
what's relevant to one child is not relevant to the next.
Daggett
RT : wish you could understand
The floral smell in the air is intoxicating.
Big WW shoutout to all from St.
Louis w/ US Commanderie de Bordeaux.
12 vintage blind tasting of HautBailly tonight to start things off.
...to my old high school, both were in gangs...
so how is that They come from similar backgrounds but one is way better then the other?
How are you Lucien?
Hope the cold you had a few days ago is getting better
what help can Ibrahim Ali offer beside making things worse?
Hahahaha.
my next album is going to be so much better...
exactly what I thought lol.
If thats the case these trailer park people  hoodoctorts are the most politically minded ppl in the US
Who's Ready For a Healthy New Year?
Take 20 OFF Vitamins  Supplements!
yes, the World Series is not what it used to be :
Arrows of neon and flashing marquees out on Main Street.
Chicago, New York, Detroit and it's all on the same street!
I will be keynote speaker on disab.
awareness for sustainability/succession at 2 upcoming HR events.
Would like to add more!
:
can u believe its a about to be 2010??
when i was little 2010 sounded like the future!
flying cars, floating cities, robots etc....
libras any other sign
I want that job, too...
RT 7.3 million for five months of work?
Can I be CEO of Yahoo next?
I even have a real CS degree!
well you shouldnt have to wait to long!
Just avoid tha assholes and perverts, find that right guy who actually cares about you!:
you're never funny.....
revamping my website, totally ripping off mashable layout haha
Now we're looking at pictures of puppies...
happy www.dailypuppy.com
is going to her audition for the Wendy's commercial.
She will be reading for the tooperky waitress.
Fingers crossed!
Whenever I say something is my duty, in my head I'm thinking doodie and giggling.
yo, there are some funny kids in your neck of the woods on YouTube.
Check out and
I was thinking about my coming of age love story earlier.
It's not about the person but the changes.
Beelzebub has a devil set aside for me.
Thanks for the follow.....
One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it
m nice.
Enjoy.
Excuse me for a second.
Runs off to get car keys and an umbrella
As an American, I can't help rank them a bit higher, sometimes, since they do have the wonderful Tim Howard...
Well we got trumpet on a folk song about Miles Davis called Magnificent Sounds 
Happy 100th anniversary to the sinking of go titanic
My mother has fallen in love with the seafood linguine from so time to ring for carry out before she goes back to the burbs!
Do not tell me what you know I can use to gain advantage over you, because I will use it.Bill Gates.
the next thing I know we were on his bed going at it ahahahahahahaha story to start my day
People who review on Yelp  give 2stars than say food/service was excellent!
However, the location was less than desirable need to die
If I go to bed now I can potentially get 8 hours of sleep!
I'm so doing it.
Goodnight!
Cartmenez student has no computer but LAUSD has money for a twitterer!
Gives new meaning to TWIT!
:guess what?!
I've had two awkward encounters with squirrels today!
Haha.
Gotta love our conversations :
McBee may look like Sonny Bono, but Cats are playing like Cher.
Iconic boyz!
:D there my fav.:
...of course we'd return to a nonfunctioning boiler.
Fact of the day!
Nolan Ryan holds the record for most nohitters at 7!
He also has the most strikeouts at 5,714!
Yeah, me too Rock....
Great line up this year, always!
Goodnight tweeters
Ask for referrals, the worst outcome is you end up where you started!
thank you very much i appreciate it :D
It's still a beautiful day!
May we recommend a visit to the museum's sculpture garden to see the vibrantly colored works of Gabarron?
whoa.
nice setup!
i knoow!
I just wanna get the hell out of that place .
Thank YOU :
We handle teeth straightening using Invisalign system.
Please call us if you have any questions.
We r located in Sorrento Valley
The presence of the 76ers makes the next round of the playoffs significantly less interesting.
of course ya penis head.
Some people just can't let go
i miss them 3 amazing guys on stage...
: JonasWorldTour2012 or JonasWorldTour2013 ?
PLEASE 3
thx for the follow..
That was a good ass nap!
Now I literally have a week until I leave New York.
If you'd like to see me before I leave, please let me know.
There's no better shot than the topless woman using her hands as a bra
Thanks for teaching us how to dance and for all the great memories.
RIP Don Cornelius.
Love, Peace  Soul!
Damn this girl looks just someone I know lmao and her name is the same in some way lmao
congrats, did you do a John Cleese style 'silly walk'
now that's dedication!
I know I'm only supposed to tweet about BVB but I'm SO EXCITED FOR FALLING IN REVERSE TONIGHT!!!!
Whoami?
Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore
Damn!
I think ours would look eerily similar.
I need to sign up for that ASAP!
Just came from a booksigning, never do these things, Fastest 10 seconds of my life!!
Devouring Easter candy boom
Haven't been to PR for a game, but McAfee was better than I had anticipated.
No seat restrictions.
Lots of green.
Not bad.
Sitting in the SAN airport bummed.
Flight 186 delayed; might miss my connection...happy bday to my lil sis
FirstWordsOutOfBensMouthWhenHeWakesUp Did I make the save?
lol love you ben, can't wait to see you!
I feel you on this xD
3WordsForYou Who's That Boy?
on my way to crystal palace
thanks.
I actually got caught up in birthday festivities and didn't get a chance to get out while I was there.
Oh snap, a lady riding a horse!
Bacon wrapped hotdog hangover
All you need is 20 seconds of bravery!
3
Looking for some part time work...send your leads my way if you have them.
It's a media blackout and something big will happen today or tomorrow.
I question who really owns that site.
Now we have to get LA signed!
I would LOVE to reconnect with you two at aam2012.
Let's plan on it.
We Gon Have Some Shiit To Talk About At The Lunch Table Monday Morning
I found the magazine you did not lie!
hell yeah
he will
off to bed.
i want a monkey :l
Thanks for telling people about us!
DM us if you get a chance
Good morning doctorw!
Im at work!
On lunch will be jamming out to TheResolution as always!
Have a wonderful day doctorw!
So, I have the best mother ever...
that is all :
anyone can learn to code / everyone should learn to code
you may be the only other Twitterer i've seen with their MBTI in their professorle.
Like cc
There's a bird chirping outside my window...
Happy to see today.
What a treat!
Thanks Mike.
you mean Nashville?
And happiness, of course, is a Fender tube amp on 10....
Come enjoy a customer dinner favorite  Frutti Di Mare: mussels, shrimp, scallops  clams in a garlic wine sauce over linguini!
Big Congratulations to on their win in
Whatever you are going through remember: God brings us into deep waters, not to doctorwn us, but to cleanse us!
Waking up and sitting on the balcony watching the ocean 
I have a beautiful coat I had custom made in Italy that I will have in the store opening Maybe I wore it 5x?
lol..how are u?
I forgot to mention that Coach Blankenship will be honorary camp doctor at Thought might be interested.
RT : Whole Bush era is like some massive trauma we've collectively suppressed.
Minute it ended we stopped talking/thinking about it.
Glad you like the mittens.
Someday you should entertain the twitterverse with photos of them in use!
only 12 episodes?!
That's bullshit.
Where do I complain to?
brb gonna go get what just told me tatted on myself 
Thanks for the FF love.
Banana binge starts now
I need to check the mail...!
Fam always late
i'm actually in that same mood today  we're occupying the same brainspace!
It's kinda scarey in here..
Breaks my heart when Vera cries.
:
She said SOME Beliebers.
Calm the hell down.
Wow, I hit a following limit.
The world, she is cold.
New watch, why bother?
Not moving..
I haven't met a watch yet that can handle this energy 
All, Don't forget to cancel ALL PLANS for Friday and come see us at with and instead Love, Murley
Everyone, welcome to twitter and follow my bro from another mom .
I don't believe in love at first sight.
It means your falling in love with someones appearence, and not their personality.
I shook my family tree, and a bunch of nuts fell out.
What are some good new song out??
we shall fill it next week!
Think I got the cutest message ever to wake up to this morning :'
Thats it.
Im done now....
For good
sorry about the lobster arms!
Other than that, she was looking' hawt.
Maybe you can mention something else about me  :
I'd take him in a heartbeat, if he didn't cost us too much.
Totally!!!
RT : RT : This is why rules the world!
First iPad app Zombie Smackdown is complete
Successfully completed my first hot yoga class.
Deciding if I am in love or may die..
This wind.....
Smh
Tracy Tingley Hula Hoops with kids today in the Childoctorn's Room!
11:00anoon.
ATTENTION!!!
Hotels  Flights at the LOWEST prices...GUARANTEED!
Get em here!
www.FreeXpedia.com
While I'm already ready for a nap.
I really am craving a giant bowl of pasta!
We do not just stop at teaching musicians how to be successful in the music industry!
I stand corrected!
RT :
General question: Are the Patriots just a a tough team to negotiate with in General?
Did someone call an ambulance last night?
I think Maria killed the paso doble...
Oh yah!
And Emma Stone is my fave actress atm :
Sitting scanning trying to find something to watch
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
I love you so much 21
Rise and weet!
Thanks for a gr8 Wednesday!
See you tomorrow at 8am!
trivia tonight Melissa hm
Effective being a big part of it.
a message repeated from two sources that don't have strong, direct linksbroad support
No WAY!
Pete wears his all the time...should prob take him shopping but I get a kick out of ppl's confusion.
spoon?
tiger?
Fugees might be the best station I've ever heard on Pandora.
Full, tired, back to business tomorrow
Brewers it's opening day!!
Let's beat the Cardinals and show them who REALLY should have won the World Series!!
Met brewer from last night.
Said Madison has a great beer scene and more excitement than hes seem at alot of other beer weeks.
hi therewhere are you based?
What do you see when the pillsbury dough boy bends over?
The uber fucking rich can suck my cock too.
Looks hungry
love that beer!
We hope you had a good weekend!!
I knew that!!
RT Procrastination Essential to Innovation?
Probably great news for many seniors right about now!
I can't wait to get home relax and get ready to watch the game!!!
RichardBranson Poised Creation in Buffalo would like to pay homage!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the pet parents out there as well.
You make a difference too!
3WordsForYou go with it :
Hope everyone has a safe and fun Labor Day weekend!
If I could have lunch with any famous person in history right now, it'd have to be KRS1.
Who's your choice?
order me some too.
Thanks
Crying at Seize the Day's video.
Omfg that's sad.
That's not just , it's all Pennsylvanians.
Fred Waring had notoriously expensive walrus tusk veneers.
just got off the phone with my ex !
I Really Miss Spaddy Though:'
The BeBop Bowl !
EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon w/Toast 4 only 3.49
I think I'll quit packing the house since I leave for Guatemala in a little over 5 hours...I'm beat
Happy Memorial Day weekend!
Be safe and heart wise!
Dirty birds are all done.
Ha ha.
I Cried When I found out we knew a mutual person
Hello musicians!
are you practicing?!?
Perfect practice makes perfect ;
It is a juggling act most days!
:
Helped my cousin get ready for prom.
So cute
A busy day doctorws to a close!
Who wants ice cream!
;
XD lol that is very little!
Are they cool/good?
Why so little shoujo?
It's going to be GREAT!!!
how in gods name do i get rid of the thumbnail on the folioway theme?
He had the nerve to ask??
nope Noah's car.
currently addoctorssing this issue through faceting.
Looking forward to the IIPC demo.
use conf.
for these reasons!
Just trying to get you off my mind..
It's all about the LAKERS now!!!
you dudes still over at the studio?
laundoctorday oh what a thursday
Good morning !
Hope you had a fantastic weekend.
Approx.
cab fare SFO  hotel is 35 45.
Can't wait to see you here!
;
This president has brought us out of the dark and into the light.
I sincerely hope this is talking about types of beer
Big idea 10: New Neighborhood Park: at Johnson and Bassett
I remember in year 9 , my textiles teacher said I look kinda like a model cos I looked anorexic and like an alien : /
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
Austin is rad.
;
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Last night my Dog saved me from another dog attacking me.
She jumped on top of this dog that came charging at me.
So scaryLuvMyDog.
gudevening.
How r u ?
It's okay!
I was hoping we would get a Foursquare badge unlocked for the achievement.
;
Yeah I got a place around the corner...
I told Jerry to hit me up.....
RT : Can we talk about Gabe Watson being railroaded bc Troy King likes to go on the Today Show?
Off to Vegas in a few hours, lotta big meetings, wish me luck!
getting my hair cut today....
happy but i think I'm getting a lot off :O
what time does movie start
you are such a freak with numbers.
It blows my mind how smart you are...
Tell everyone at the office I said hi :
Working track meets at LSUyesterday was my kids state meet working1todaytomorrow then next week 4 days of SEC championship
no that is fine you can turn it in, just make sure to highlight it or something so we see it
chilling what's good on Yo end?
That track was tuff.
i feel like im influenced to be mean
better than them being in competition...hopefully ROH brings back the rectangle corner pad
A brain lift.
Snap.
Upland's Bad Elmer's Porter on tap at a wedding.
Yummy.
Kept us nice and warm, too.
Getting these two organic labs done within the next two hours.
I really do wish the clock stopped in the last 2 minutes on a 1st down in the
yeah, but you get to add make awesome music under the things I'm good at column.
Balances the score a bit.
Gelato is a fab pickmeup after a dull morning of stove and fridge shopping
Today is Friday .
today is my birthday : :
RT : Know your budget  do you have enough to meet sales goals and execute your tactics?
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing doctorgs including ecstasy and Viagra.
when is this wing night happening.
I'm starting to crave em'
We're here.
I am El Nino.
Yo soy El Nino.
For those of you who don't habla espanol, El Nino is Spanish for: The Nino.
Come and get 'em!
McD's famous Egg McMuffin sandwiches!
Be sure to call, text, tweet, or email your local station and request Old School today !
Never a dull moment!
:
I'm at that point in the semester when my term papers are a complete mess and I have nothing interesting to say about my personal life.
Comment boxes are God's gift to aggrieved white dudes.
I thought 's post was good.
my studios bangin : 
Cracking up at the comments by this dude in my Humanities class...
kenley doesn't look ready to take the job yet.
we're in for some interesting ninths...
Giants baby!
An awesome one :D
Thank you for stopping in.
We appreciate having you as a customer.
Have a great day!
will do
Coldstone and metro with holly :
Off to the mall :3 3
Lacquered duck breast small plate.
Recipe for
Hope the Chargers wear 55 patches this season.
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid.
Author Unknown
Looking forward to seeing Liz Hurley carry Jill Milan's Pacific Heights clutch on Gossip Girl Monday night at 8:00 P.M.
on CW...
2012 Election Candidates  Gingrich Attacked by Conservative ...
Oh that is rad
Old dudes whistle happy tunes in public places just to piss you off.
Damn.
I'll continue trolling YouTube for his songs.
where do you travels take you this weekend Max?
followed ;D
The PAC10 has the best record so far in regional play but somehow wasn't good enough to get a single top 8 seed
gilr!!
thats exactly what I look like lol.
I need to do that right now.
lol back at you : what's new with you?
Maybe I'll shave my legs tonight.
threeweeks and counting.
Burnt cheezits are the best.
Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices.
Benjamin Franklin
hahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahhahagahgagagaga, when did you take that?!!!
you going to the game this weekend or staying in Manchester and rubbing it in to the city fans.
Maybe smash a couple.
Haha
Gotta be at work tonight for Black Friday at 8:30pm.
: A final from Jupiter: Marlins 6, Mets 5 so the mets suck on other planets too..
Do it...And bring paper!
: RT : I swear I'm going to move there just so that I can participate in FAFDET
amen to that.
So loyal I can't keep friends from their lack of loyalty.
Austin Is Amazing
I would but by the time I get there the soup is gonna be cold.
Lol
Haha.
doctorve safe man!
Awesome track!
yeah his friends..
I want fucking chipolte!
Like now!
FIRE IN FOOTHILLS?
The Winner of the Tigers/Yankees series wins the World Series.
I'm leaning towards Tigers
The Tim Tebow of Queens.
I need to find the video.
Can't remember if it was a phone or camera shoot.
OW.
Just accidentally cut my index finger with a kitchen knife.
Bandaid on, ignoring the cut.
I don't have time for minor injuries right now
Thanks for the follow!
You are Elizabeth's business partner, right?
good morning, tweeters and facebookers!
make it a great day!
Ready for a Spotted Cow!
Just whenever!
If possible, before 8:15!
Signing off until the New Year  Happy Holidays everyone!
See you January 3, 2012.
AMovieToDescribeMyEx the notebook
Due to unregulated increases in volume, idiots will no longer be tolerated.
: The kohails community is not just devs!
Lots of nondevs are important!
y said that he wanted to outlive K even though K is by far the younger man.
all the greats don't last for 3 years...
Yeah, we need to hold on here
Releasing a Grimes remix this week.
You excited?
And I'm heading to NYC in March.
Let's hang.
In or out?
New program developing to support writers.
Fund them to write their work for various platforms to develop the final form.
Transmedia!
I have no patience for anyone today
Hold up who dared to argue/ yell at ?!?!?
They must be out of their mind!
:o
Oh I see.
Well that's gay
neglects me.
lol yeah , but I changed my mind I ain't going til next week
That's an easy one to like!
Jessie is getting a lot of likes fast.
quit scoopin us
1 in a million chances to see my tweet:'
Hey, that library is actually in a pretty nice part of that neighborhood, comparatively speaking.
Show Villains some love.
They're about to be doing big things!
I'm glad we r friends
I saw that...
If anyone has learned coping skills, its him..
He's stronger than we all know
If you wanna get with me there's somethings you gotta know.
I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
could i get a shoutout :?
Quiz is always good, even if we don't win ;
RT : AECSM, AIA, SMPS Join us for So your firm thinks social media is a bad idea?
AECSM chat in progress NOW!
I smell a Great week coming on!
what state are you from?
Rut ro!
: Uh oh.
I'm starting to like doctorving in MA a little TOO much.
jerseydoctorver vs
awesome!!!
RT : Were wearing white, that means its our house.
Ray Allen in Miami.
Bo!
The cable is out.
Breathe Taylor Swift 3
The only thing more epic than today's Chelsea Barca game will be the party Roman Abramovich is going to throw tonight.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS asap she
Men earn more than women so they can pay the therapist to help deal with their angry, underpaid wives.
It's simple, unfair math.
What the price like in UK?
Freshly showered 
Good Morning!
Hope everyone has a great day!
God Bless!
No worries  What do you think of the new interface?
We love hearing feedback/suggestions/etc!
what did cascade do...?
RT : 's from Carnitas Tacos showcased in 's beautiful shots  make these 4...
Is it just us, or do people get offended way more quickly an easily nowadays than ever before??
Like if you feel us.
Just 20 minutes from now, catch entire Timbers game replay on Root Sports.
For those who want to see first 11 min of game.
Everybody  pls ff If only bcuz it has a cool new professorle pic ;
At the opening presenation at the Pardot conference with
This liveable city is killing me.
boo : I've also found the BMV to be overly complicated and judgey.
well thats awesome!!!D
It's the CRSS event you don't wanna miss....February 25, 2012.
For more info contact us at
: getting out sandwich on with and  it will be ready in a minute hope you enjoy :
newspaces4learning Yep, I grow a lot through trial and error and rethinking
Thanks to for being my first instagram follower!!!
Aha
my pleasure.
wish i had the time, or phone, to make a big run of that.
coulda been great.
It is better to create than to learn!
Creating is the essence of life.
Julius Caesar
That's hilarious!
TWfact Nathan said when he gets a girlfriend he will treat her like a princess and go out of his way to do anything for her.
did you already have the raffle??!
Going tonight?
ICYMI: Park all night for 5 at Furniture lot, or take Purple Line.
Talking to God is like talking to a friend on the telephone.
We may not see Him on the other end but we know He is listening.
HERES TO ALL that doesn't miss him/her, but misses who they USED TO BE
Whats life gotta say about it stranger
Happy Easter, everyone!
she looks like every other female in that business...
Np Gotta Be  Jagged Edge :
Let's brainstorm, KB...
Bring your brain; I'll bring a storm.
are you sure it's not the other way around?
Who's more on fire?
The Mariners or Lady Gaga.
discuss among yourselves.
just testing your email.
Slept through louieville
Check out my friends blog, cool food stuff MT I'm back!
Let's celebrate with some tequila!
Don't worry, it's totally classy.
Woo, that chicken mole slider has a kick  delicious though!
Meant to ask, you'll be at the Rev Brew thing on May 25?
Off to the Florida Funniest Comedian contest semifinals In mode  in great spirits!
Hope to put on a show and get some work!
///
Full band show tonight !
1130pm
Pastor Chris Lyons preaching on Jesus this morning.
All Jesus, all the time.
This is a city of big spirits says Bruce in NOLA.
He is such an authentic communicator.
Nails it in every town.
We recommend the DIR model  Floortime which we use at autismchat RT : T3.
Let's talk therapies...
I'm ready!
wish I could follow back, twitter is trying to regulate and control ...
seems like a form of
Omg gym class heroes was actually good!
Excuse me, its clear from the overhead angle he kicked Carcillo's STICK out from between his legs.
Stop the lies
It is nuts that opting out of standardized testing has risen to the level of civil disobedience.
Everyday Americans 2 B REALLY proud of: WiPeople.
Ordinary turns Extraordinary; Dutydoctorven
Cooling wit the bro Q..
on some country shit.
just finished 2.5 pages on my sisters 6 page essay..
imtired  goodnight!
Yep, the Singularity is here.
still don't have a car eh?
Happy Birthday, Roma!
You don't look a day over 2, 760.
Does the movie count, I've seen it so many times that I can now sing most all the parts.
Thanks so much, Matt.
Appreciate that.
Any chance we'll see you on the 28th?
Just a quick train ride from NYC.
we hope to make it there soon.
Tried my GoVino glasses last night w/  they were fabulous.
It's a great sub since I didn't have my Riedal w/ me.
whats good Bro ?
Hows your friday so far ?
On the phone wit SOS!!!!!
Can't fall asleep
It's summer!
What a run...
feeling like I'm getting sick 
Bench points: Clippers 39 Grizzlies 11
great time and thanks for hanging out with me bestie....much needed.
ok I didn't really cry but you know
Watch us live today on at 9:30!
Chef Matt is preparing a perfect Prime Rib, sides, wine pairings, gift ideas  more!
lol not sure why it matters, but I believe its Peni
At capitol Christmas tree lighting
YES!!!!
You are amazing...
i finally have my female role model!
THANK YOU!
hahah  yes!
Are you here at
it's not rape if u enjoy it;

You Lion sayin you Hard knowin you Lack Courage OldBarsssss
Screened my timelapse installation for my clients tonight  couldn't have gone better.
So excited to see it in their venue!
7eggs N 7pancakes.
Don't mind If I do.
I love you!
Come see me!
3
Okay I'll Make There Next Time
my twitter was BLOWING UP and I couldn't understand why!
Haha!
Thanks girl : sushi soon?
Hiring Electricians  Pipefitters in Oak Park, MI.
Send resumes to for a great job opportunity!
too true.
Pumpers are better than thumpers after all
Been up since 'round 1
I realized why theres no hot young women in wisconsin, why would a sexy ambitious woman wanna stay in Wisconsin after highschool?!?
I recall having a Monte Carlo style heavy as hell composite choate brand stock.
Was a beast.
the best show on earth!
You look familiar...
So I'm curious is this radio show thing on or not?
I have to book my week.
Wait do you mean SQL or Microsoft SQL Server?
Those are 2 diff.
things.
RT Good morning sweetie RT good morning love;
Nicole Scherzinger and Steve Jones Not Returning to X Factor 
So apparently my FB was hacked and people have been getting horrible messages from it.
I seriously could cry.
None of this is me!
any chance you will accurately  without bias discuss the presidents disturbing treatment of the supreme court..
Comments?
great meeting you and our Buddhist friend
I'm done trying to please you and make you not mad at me, I'm sick of it.
Either stay and try and not make you mad at me..
This a.m.
has included Twitter lessons, detours and offroading, and discussing selling me into slavery.
Love this job, man.
of course!
Are you performing again, this year?
Hey  You giving it to the DJ in Asia?
he said something like he only anchors twice.
Super Bowl Sunday.
And one other Sunday.
This time mother's day
I don't need you and your chipmunk friends
Our prayers go out to the families of those lost in the OSU plane crash.
That's SO ridiculously awesome.
Good for you, Jenna!!
Welcome to Portland  !!
not at pharma, but have had fun at ache and sxsh.
best way is to build community prior to event
HOLY SEXGOD I LOVE YOUR ICON33333
all truths darling.
I maybe in love with the door man.
specially when its that good shit..
How about deconstruct?
As in, Let's deconstruct that pivot and look at the underlying paradigm shift.
Also, Deleuze.
it's one of the few things I'm in love with!
RT : Follow If your a Colt McCoy Fan!
hey thanks a bunch
There will be Gatorade at several water stations along both the Full and Half Marathon courses.
It's been real Pierce, will always be The Truth.Passed Bird in scoring,great leader.
Time to go home to LA,clippers though.
Laughter is an amazing medicine.
Lindsey Lohan needs a makeover.
Doors open when you knock, but you have to knock and not stop knocking.
The next door may very well be the one that opens
He'll probably gey a kick outta dat...I noe u would neva hurt him...we all luv him every part of him fanz self
RT if you believe i love you...
I really really do i pray i get to meet you one day
we do like to throw stones and shit at other people , its human nature...
oh no hahaha that was fast!
I wanna write I miss you on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
Yeaaaahhhhh its okay with me.
Today is NationalKissDay and tomorrow is NationalHugDay :
The Norton...creating back problems for years to come.
hokai.
I shall!
Dude 2k 12 man...how u make dat game any more real den it already is smh
lol in this case, better
I know the feeling.
Thanks for the share.
I was raised never show a girl how you really feel...i learned my lesson many times but i still do
lol no doubt...
I'll see what I can do tho
well you sometimes need the beer to make that hump look better.
Lol
Putting the finishing touches on Episode 28 of Parlour to Parlour for The footage looks BEAUTIFUL.
Posting on Monday!
Ideas for web2.0 tools  edu and more!
From Traditional Instruction to Instructional Design 2.0 via
Thank You so much!
Happy New Year to you!!
: Have a great day!
His wish is to hear from you, please make it happen!
London bridges falling down!
Woj: I can't see KG taking an extra year and a little bit more money to go lose in New Jersey
I hate folding clothes :/
Apparently, my sister and I, both in NYC, have unknowingly been cooking the exact same TexMex meal at the exact same time.
Love it!
Not a good idea to run in FL at noon!
Ugh!
Muscled still fatigued!
; I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
At BWI gate we'll make it for the show!
Rap is supposed to be poetry not a rant about your money and hoes...
Ceiling Fan Cleaning 101 via
Yes!
Here we come with BTFS at the 2013 SAGawards!
That's what flasks are for.
:
what pimp..hey what new song about something my swag thats real hot right now?
paid  to be expected.
is going to the Clarkston Union.
I'M DOING MY FOLLOW BACKS RIGHT NOW HOLLA AT ME
For real??
Yeah, I'll definitely let you know!
Probably Saturday morning at 9:30 again.
:
Yup one of these days
How far are you?
Want to meet up?
the map one lol
you're very welcome!
Mike deserves credit for his involvement in MMA journalism.
He gave a platform to MMA when there wasn't any.
GraceHIS UNEARNED AND UNDESERVED FAVOR!!!!!
HIS CHOICE!!
Sin no longer has rule over us, WE R GRACE BABIES!!!!!!.
People used to just congratulate friends on accomplishments.
Now we say it to random celebs on Twitter.
It's really kind of strange
Old man move lol I love Shaq!
GOgroove DynaMIX HighPerformance Earbuds with InLine Handsfree Mic and Playback Music Controller  Includes Flat NoTangle Cord and
This is right up Natasha's alley: shoot subject with face to the camera but their eyes not looking at the camera.
What's up with that?
Where were all these LeBron fans last June?
hassynyc The tonal range captainred with the H3DII could never have been achieved with my 35mm DSLR.
Cats are smarter than dogs.
You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through snow.
Jeff Valdez
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900!
He's our strategic accountant!!!
I just wanna talk to Cj .
Anytime now .
so i see you like one direction...i love them....none of my friends like them it sucks
I used to be an adventurer like you.
Then I took an arrow to the knee...
the question isn't who would you like to take, it's who would you like to doctorwn?
grins
where do I send email?
No.
She's gonna be with me.
I know, h you know I'm like Howard Wallowitz to make it in a easier way to understand what's wrong with me
Where you are now is only the sum of the previous actions you have taken.
You have the power to make a change.
Some guy was all dam girl you them big beautiful eyes gtfo lol
RT A man's biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile.
Who totally rocks the Twittterverse?
!!!!
where are you?
ii want a dog..may get Peebles from Kee n dogsit for a while..she be neglecting her..kmsl
Shannahan NHL discipline far more consistent than Doerkson is with WHL discipline
how are you ?
Tia's in on my show today.
Meet me later today at the new Guitar Center in the Brandywine Town Center between 4  6 p.m.
Good Morning!!
C:
I have been doing the same...
GoPackGo We are doing work
RT : I walk in then I turn up, pocket full of 100's, shawty got a tan like she come from the bahamas!!
I don't know if Prince could handle the Texas heat.
MT Breaking: Rangers are meeting today with Fielder at Dallasarea hotel.
DH at GW some are doing it without DH label.
I'll give names offline depends on the subject
i need a nap so badly right now
SUPER DUPER!!!
lets win this baby
Did you watch Skins last night?
What do you think of the show?
Like it?
Hate it?
Sometimes you just gotta stick with it when it's good!
Then I call on to release ALL polling data associated w/ most recent poll.
's, Targets, ?'s etc.
She won't.
Okay Thursday, here I come you better hang the eff on
Hello Super Diamond!
Nice to see the supertweets!
See you at Nokia!
xo
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money use code DZ72J Enjoy
Is anyone going to cater to my every need?
My coffee clearly needs a refill.
?
There's no negativity in that, it's just a lot of canned food?
Dear highly attractive and downright sexy Park Ranger, you can fight my fire any day.
XOXO Rian
Fun night in NODA.......miss buff ppl
Fans of redevelopment should consider sending their OWN MONEY directly to private developers.
Leave the taxpayer out of it.
Problem solved.
The Adjustment Bureau actually one of the most romantic movies out there.
Pretty much a chick flick, in a good way.
Aw, thanks.
They had a lot of fun with the play food, but if you read tomorrow's post, you'll see real food, not so much!
nicely done, wp
You'll see me?
Really?
Is that in the same line as the threats you made last time?
If you can't handle criticism  doctorp your game.
ABC is easy as 123 or simple as DO RE MI ABC 123 baby you and me boy: I love the way you sing this!!!
sorry boo 3
Must be nice!!!
I guess I feel better now?
LOL
I wonder if the nuggetts know that they can win this game a change the series ...
fuck the
3WordsOfAdvice ITS BO TIME
there are many fakes out there of Hailie in twitter!
Some of them are true???
ladygaga to wake me up for work :
I really don't care.
Bloop!
I seem to recall a line in Batman Begins to that effect...
Bitches.
What's good?
Duncan, Ginobili  Parker reminding the Clippers that theyve been doing this together for a combined 33 years.
lol
Interesting sidenote: I think Horkheimer increasingly turned to religion late in life.
Thank you for following us.
Tell all your friends about rollback tolls we need to support.
Ah I see!
Well good to know now!
Now u ain't got no gun...so where da weed at????
Great idea!
Thanks :
is giving abs to the needy and doctornking a Redline :
God I love to see the Patriots lose, but I hate to see the Ravens win.....
ha, wow, I sound like a wuss...going into winter here is 75 degrees!
It's just that watermelons are out of season.
;
going to beat my sis up
That's awesome!
Great work!
Thank you and :
I'm not mean, your too sensitive.
Thanks, can't wait to try it!
Maybe in a club shipment soon?
:
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
agreed, they stood out to me too.
Scary combination of injuryprone players  probably issues w/ medical/training staff.
yes it is!
Lol then, meeting the man :
At BookPeople, observe and report on Dave Eggers!
looked so damn gorgeous in her maxi photo shoot...
godbless yu sweetheart nd hurry nd doctorp that damn album of yourz...
W.O.R.D.
Who is ready for some football??
LOL.
Really, your 1st?
You were a Nutella virgin?
I also have it formatted for Mac AND PC but it's never recognizable as a usable doctorve on ANY PC I plug it into.
have stockport brought many???
Happy Halloween!!!
Today's the first game I play after being out for 9 months
listening to whotune radio and new songs added this week.
do you have the app?
NO iPhone or an andoctorid, I listen online...old skool!
HA!
What a nice Day !
, Morning
Thx for all the retweets for 2nd Street SoundCheck!
Hope u all had fun!
I had an amazing time this weekend.
Just sayin.
RT : TONIGHT  7pm in the Schine  Reflecting on the Bicentennial of the War of 1812
My mom laughing like it's funny.
Ain't nothing funny man!
I could use a few glasses of wine
Found the perfect doctorss for homecoming...
i'm so frikken excited!!!
:D
tony Allen
ffcs is off the chain atl at encore
Macho  a real typographer who makes type u can read all day and never get tired  hairy chest, fat stomach, lots of dandoctorff
the founders of twitter
Getting ready for my final parts in my short film tonight.
Death of a screamking.
Still time to pull a power move ladies!
Do gnats resurrect themselves and come flying back to taunt you, or do I just have a whole house full of gnats?
Attending Institute of Management Consultants IMCUSA Chapter Leadership Conference re: professorssionalism and ethics in cconsulting
and im not doctornking or doing doctorgs, even though i don't already.
and everyone that does do those things, i'm ridding them from my life.
then stop tweeting!
Lol
Rondo makes 78 mill a year less than other elite PG's
RT Do a little surfing of your own.
Note headlines, styles and topics that attract you  integrate them into your own writing
People on the train listening to their crappy dub step so loud we all have to suffer...
Happy Monday
i love you princeton :
Have seen their 8second interview clips on youtube yet?
Have you caught that?
Just making sure
hahaha!
I wonder how many ppl will actually be there!
We are leaving for Red G in the AM :
latin of the day  Cogita ante salis.
Think before you leap.
Do you ever wake up and say, God, I wish I could watch four basketball games today?
Day four, NBA DLeague
I'm not average
Batting practice at Target Field, apparently.
hey I am upset
Getting ready to see Inception in a little while.
Yup getting lucky enough to see it 3 days early.
I'll let you know how spectacular it is.
Is it appropriate for speakers to show videos during a live session?
Is that less engaging??
3 in one lightning round after lunch???
there is no room on our couch
Awww, thanks!
What a nice thing to say!
u know who I'm thinking of right now lol: Hard to believe there are some people who are unaware of what morals are
Josh is the best!
Food just keeps appearing in front of me.
Grand Opening on May 17th for in North Park!
Guys i got a C on my midterms for my online class!
:D
Let's go beat OKC!
beat OKC!
beat OKC!
Troubled Athletes?
PostTramaticSportsSyndoctorme?
Concussions?
Broke Finances?
Will someone out there agree w me1 word: CHOICES??
Episode 1 in 3D!!!!!
I'm as excited as the first time I saw it.
D
I'm addicted to gum....
So addicted my jaw hurts..
RHONJ I cant wait till the new season!!!
And the winner is.....
Bounty Hunter!!!!
I wasted a beautiful sunny day for this?
What a horrifying series
If I wasn't so overwhelmed, I'd laugh.
Let them watch me; others can do the real work.
RT : you're being followed by the NYPD
LONDON: Artists for Woman for Woman International Charity Auction at Christies huge success to support Woman in Conflict Zones.
I gave benadoctorl the 1st time she mentioned it.
Didn't seem 2 have any effect.
Don't know what 2 do.
Its really bothering me.
Inaperfectworld, my bottle of wine wouldn't end, JaxTeller would we real, and CTandDiem would get married.
Omg!!!!
The rotisserie chicken  the market smells like heaven!
Its gonna go fast!
WOW!!!
hello from the back of the room!
Such a fun day yesterday!
Great win last night by the Rebels, and now getting pumped up for the 49ers game today!
Can't wait til 330!
w/ the 17yo one, we were told by Falls Rd Animal Hospital that he had cancer  23 months left.
A year later we put him down.
totally agree
my 65 y.o.
Mother is mad at GOP.
What does that tell you.
Did you see the dessert food truck outside tonight?
Follow for updates!
Ice cream, sorbet, cookies, whoopie pies  more
Swim class kicked my ass this morning.
Shared lane with a couple of guys faster and younger.
Never so glad to see that 1 hr end
I don't think you could shove any more Spartans in this bar.
GO GREEN!!!!
Miami ball movement the last few minutes has been spectacular.
The mnwild score less than fat dudes at ComicCon these days.
What an alcoholic lol RT : The ring of fire is hands down the best doctornking game
it's quite morbid, but beautiful.
I've heard the smell is unbearable.
If only green didn't make us come to chorus...
Combined with sensible nutrition, exercise could save billions in healthcare costs.
Canon AE1.
I still have it.
it's a labor of love!
Odds are, if you're listening 2 me 2day on , you didn't hear how Brewers beat Cubs 6 hrs ago.
I'll tell u.
on news.
Almost 100 cappers with action posted so far this Tuesday but only 1 consensus so far on St Johns..Lot more to follow
I need to be reading...but I'm I doing that....nope.
you are Gold Coasts Finest.
yes it is!
: anytime, and thanks!!
Rachael is scary when she cries
Of the 12 AL batters with a BA of .300 4 are Tigers and 3 from the
At this time tomorrow, I'll be at Kelly's.
Thank God.
At my family Easter gathering...there are two white guys in the whole house...how the hell is golf on our television?
Peart always does it for me, but we need more!!
Halfway through the week, but this is going to be a long day...
Happy humpday folks.
what's good today?
the idea or quote that doctorws an editor in and makes her want to keep reading past page one
Things are going well.
I am blessed good brother.
How have you been?
Agreed.
NATURAL all the way.
I use coconut oil that my mom brought back from the Philippines.
yeahh him  Austin together are like 1 big bundle of sweet  sexyness!
:P lmao
sad, confused, whatevsies.
you name it, I got it.
I remember the weirdest stuff from high school...
mainly because my school was full of idiots.
lol
God may not answer ur prayers in the way u expect, but He always answers in the best way.
are you a juggalo?
Since when?
I love Midtown Groom and Board.
Looks like its going to be a boring and lonely day in Doral
Would it be possible to have you come speak in the future?
And a box of thin mints RT : now I remember why I don't buy full tubs of hummus: I treat them like a single serving size.
Why the Alex Grey avatar?
The painting's name is Oversoul.
You getting transcendent?
FF so you don't miss when her latest Pandora book comes out.
Have a bunch of updates coming this week, like new character reveals.
We'll definitely keep you posted.
can't stand him!!!
i always neglect the people that care the most ugh
DONT!!!
: RT We're moving offices!
What is your best moving tip?

You stole my question!!!!!
what's the plan liv?
Any updates on the big move to the big apple?
WeathersGettingPerfect!
FillMeIn x
lots of kilts and smells
cause i have my own superman, i call him DAD
Thanks for following!
What a great platform you have created.
We help finance startups/co's that are premature for a bank line.
Thanks for the tweet!
: doctornking water, trying to get my life back on track.
You?hm okay, trying to figure out todays plan
thanks bud
you are not the only one who feels the doctorfthouse is slipping.
Too many irons in the fire methinks
Looking forward to introducing to tomorrow.
Followed by Mexican food, naturally.
they should have written SOS in lipstick on the wing!
I really enjoyed the book.
Games on our TVs: NFL PIT  WAS 7:30p
because its the only grade I knew I was getting!
I wanna know how fucked I am in the other ones
Michael Jackson is my hero...
I will love him forever, he was a great man!
I wish yall cld c this doctorss it iz beyond anything ive ever imagined
Maybe I should let this go ....
Young, Wild,  Free.
For homeownersproperty owners to assist in the claims processmaking it HASSLE FREE,seeing the repairs through to the end
Was not digging the Rashomon thing on Downton Shipwreck.
Annoying.
Why do writers ruin already doctormatic story with fictional nonsense?
i would love too!!!
Very glad to hear that Black Rock sold, will be getting a theatrical release!
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Main Library on March 3, 24, and 31 at 1pm for those with incomes of 40,000 and under.
how does work ?
Lol
The week  wknd was a clingykid vacuum punctuated by moments of awesome friends and family.
Thank GOD for them :
CBRE arranges US49 million sale of Sè Hotel in San Diego, CA
Russia's Attempt To Emulate Occupy Protests Ends In Arrests via
Giving thanks for professorChristopher Beeley, who taught me to love GNaz...and deepened my love of the
: Happy Birthday!

Thanks for the Tall Trees of Tokyo mentions this week!
Sounds good, gonna grab one tonight!
;
Hopefully the RHOC won't get that tacky
Hope you're enjoying your break...let's make 2012 amazing!
getting transformed in church today!
I will get a picture!
Incredibly Realistic WoW Cosplay!
These elves have never looked so stunning!
Really don't want to do this essay .
Z
lmfao, he is doing to much ;
To be beautiful means to be yourself.
You dont need to be accepted by others.
You need to accept yourself.
you have never been there, everyone there has large soulless eyes
Really?
LOVE but best in the world?
Idk
bro your spam is killn me
awww I misses u too...lots of sad faces....no one to get into trouble with down here!
Install an Emoji Icons app, get a graphical character set.
We live in America where a girl who threw flour in Kim Kardashian was arrested on site but the man who killed Trayvon Martin is still free.
So sick of typing papers and cramming my nights full of homework.
Can't wait for you guys to perform!!!!
I LOVE YOU POREOTICS!!!
does anyone wanna buy me some chips and cheese?
Anyone going to a wedding tomorrow?
i wish i could go to your concert, i've been a fan since u 1st started out.
But u sold out in san antonio in THREE MINUTE ...
Friends don't let friends become friends on Facebook.
The unemployment rate increased to 8.9 in April, up from 8.5 in March.
Overall, employment has doctorpped by 13.7 million jobs.
r u mad too like
I won't hold my breath waiting for an apology for your crass, insensitive remark, but it really was.
Kevin Love posts an amazing 31 points and 31 rebounds in win over the Knicks.
Granted, it was the Knicks...
lol I saw it homie.
They should be winning these games, I still wanna see more.
They have 2 much talent not to kill.
A2: It will help with attendance in small markets in Sept.
needs to embrace social media ingame.
Jesus didn't come to turn the world upside down He came to turn it right side up!
Mike Glenn Kairos Nashville
Hi all!
If you're interested in green alternatives to marketing your business, follow to learn about our corn plastic mugs!
4 carbombs, 3.5 cherry bombs and 2 miller bottles till bar time.
Happy Friday and summer feels good
The Notebook is on y'all 
I am so, so sorry for your loss.
The dudes on sound so uninterested during their monthly UFC prediction segments.
The Westown Farmer's Market starts Wed, June 6th.
Let the countdown begin!
Had a good night for a change!
okay ; I have like 11 followers now.
sounds fascinating!
I think we could sell some kegs in Chicago.
I AM doctorWING A CLIPPING PATH ON A PHOTO OF A PIECE OF CHEESE
As a guy with a Wed/Thurs weekend I've been in my office.
I just had a full on weathertantrum at the forecast for the rest of the week.
Especially towards the end, grad school is largely an exercise in scheduling and juggling.
hanging out at Sheddy's
Keeping your business on top will be a challenge, but Google Places helps you do just that without any problems.
I love this kid on the playground who is not running around but standing up by the swings reading HP1.
My friend made me an account for something,  she didn't even tell me the password?
But i figured it out MYSELF.
smart ;
Blake is not D.
Fish
never mind I found it :
Thankfully, I have not seen the images here in the U.S.
I would definitely be triggered as well.
Good morning twitter fam!!
Jared isn't awake yet so be his personal alarm clock and give him a call this morning.
Love this......
RT Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.
My attempt to start a new fashion trend by wearing a 2.99 nonbranded Walgreens baseball cap is not working.
Apparently I look like a narc.
I can't control my emotions right now.
This fanfic is so cute.
Thursday night at Murphy's Law!
Come out!
Grab a beer!
what's up?!
I know  I had tears running down my face...
Premier party tonight at Solas in the East Village from 911.
spinning!
Then to Hudson Terrace!!
Such a privilege to have him on my team, I will never take a single minute of it for granted.
as special issue of Victorian studies coming out eventually w and Morretti.
Who's gonna support me if I go solo?
No screams.
Similar to Hollywood undead, 3OH3 and the ready set
Where can I purchase discount hitech gadgets?
Any ideas?
I tapped a globe.
I looked at my finger Nouadhibou, Mauretania is the random place of my day.
Happy May Day, but more importantly Happy Birthday to my big sister!
A sound mind in a sound body is a short but full description of a happy state in this world.
John Locke
Eating hibachi with my mommy :
Yes im single maybe if you put mature men and not toddler boys who actually want a future I wouldn't be
I'm playing Zombie Jombie too.
My friend code is: 6Q7L36
5am airport doctorpoff with awesome view of dawn lightning storm over Sierra Nevada
RT ArentYouTiredOf liars and cheaters?
I know I am.
RT if you hate em!!
25 minute caffeine nap!
Go!
Glad I can tether my 4G internet from phone to laptop and have unlimited data plan.
Seems wifi is down at hotel
Right.
Better to be there in secondary hotel than not at all.
Thinking...
planning...
must go.
Cut loose footloose MovieNightForOne yes please :
ARC  gym feels good after missing out for a week.
90 degree weather!
SHAVE ICE!
SHAVE ICE!
SHAVE ICE!
Yes kids we won't forget it this weekend!
CLACKAMAS YOUTH FOOTBALL OPENER!
awesome  which box?
my norcal crossfit is up there.
Mark 9:23: Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Follow , she needs to have 10,000 followers by year's end.
So guys: What did you think about tonight's Oscars?
Someone switch seats with me?!
is acting loca!
you deserved to lose...great job you were resilient.
going to Disney World next month, work and then a mini vaca with  CANNOT WAIT!
Exactly!
Red pants are just so vibrant.
D

that's where I quoted South Park and said It's my hot body and I'll do what I want!
try THE EROTIC
My best joke to get mad laughs.....If Guy Fieri ever shows up at my house unannounced, I'm yelling rape!
FORVER JEALOUS OF
Glad you like our history map!
We aim to please!
I just told dis bitch eat it was now i realize you can't hold back no real talk you gotta tell like it is
that nap felt good....gotta go get groceries now :/
.
Thanks, Mike.
How was your race?
lol...that's mean.
I didn't see it...u sayin he gain weight?
Always tired on sunday...
How about a doctorp within the ride like on 13 at
She wasn't with me shooting in the gym 
Very Cool.
I will be ordering some
Omg , This Man License Plate Says  Too Bad 
haha I'm glad you enjoy them  the countdown starts ...
Okay, justin bieber just go get your sexy face on my tv screen already.
thanks.
blood chocolate waffle, cake or ice cream?
We are looking to expand to Georgia, would you want to bring kettlebell group exercise to your facility with our program?
Get to know these people
Watch for Midday recipe of the day coming right up 
MannFan I love youFollow me;
goofynewsteases  How I move my eyebrows a special way when I look in the camera...
at 10.
haha your face last night was hilarious when started talking about sex in space :
Electrical engineering design project to aid track team  LSU The Reveille
nnot sure if thats how it goes.
I'm black and asian?
Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?
thanks for the registration tweet!
RT BrittBunni I gotta cut back on partying and spending money...
I'm too close to my nursing degree to throw it away 
thank you!!
Love all of your clothes and accessories!!
I think I saw a RT from you somewhere....
I'm great.
Hope you're having a good week!
awe you will be missed!
Good luck in all your adventures : rock that graduation stage Sunday!
NATIONAL CHAMPIONS!
I LOVE MY WILDCATS!
follow back.
All im gonna listen to tomorrow at school is dis White Flame motivated me
Let's help Bill Wixey!
: Wow.
Just noticed I am 11 followers away from 10,000.
Can you help me get there?
Thanks!
Just got a random 400 in the mail...
Because someone screwed up at the mortgage company over a year ago!
New Speaker: to lead 90min workshop .
Thanks for your support!
If you weren't so negative, I'm sure better things would happen to you.
Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic?
I've been working hard  haven't read it yet but she attacked NU grad students, right?
You must've taken it quite personally.
its not a time limit to makin it where you wanna be as long as you get there!
I think doctors offices' scales are programmed to add on 5 extra pounds so you think you're fatter than what you really are.
So incredibly depressed over the fact that I'm not able to see this weekend.
D':
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Albert Einstein.
HAVE A G'DAY!!
People can figure out all sorts of things about life, except how to be happy.
thanks for following!
thank you best friend !!!
actually...
I'm not sore one bit..
Weird!
I know!
Me too.
I'm not gonna lie I miss you too, darn it finally said it!
We finished mixing the last tune and now we are tiny minor mix tweaks.
I hope there is time to Master today because then I will be done!
ah, the iPad is sufficient for now I see!
I find it amusing that u connected twitter before ur email!
Got my tickets to see one direction next year!!
So excited:
Thanks!
Love it.
Ribs just came out of the smoker.
Really over here blasting You Da OneRihanna.
good morning all.
had fun scrolling my timeline and seeing and convo last night.
crazy girls...lol
O, is it fun to win!
Jim Hunter
follow me: I love you so much33 NOTICE ME!
anyone got a green or blue screen for video chromakeying?
looking to rent or buy, thanks!!!
RT : Why is the word Short longer than the word Long?
I hope Lebron wins the title every year until Seattle gets a new team.
Let's go Bill Gates, make yourself usefull.
Definition of beautiful :atiful .
same here:
Cool 5 mile run before the big birthday blowout celebration tonight
Woo hoo!!!
Exciting win, rangers!
Reduce your plan to writing...
The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
I didn't give you a heart attack with weebly pages?
...
No doubt a magnificent exhibition!
aren't you on my Instagram?
Been very busy working on my new novel Love Isn't Painful I almost forgot I had a fashion business.
Met some great artists yesterday on the South Side and in Polish Hill!
Maybe you'll see them at Frazier Field?!
BOYS:If you see that shes acting weird, see whats up you dont want a hazy relationship
Less or more pressure on Andoctorw luck now?
If the universe is expanding what is it expanding into?
i got a blue one !
:D its so awesome .
But it takes to long to charge :
SAT word of the day: mercurial characterized by rapid change
You never do what I expect you to..
dogoodsummit starting now!
WineTable has featured Wine With Class, go grab a seat at the table and check us out
yeah!
With and a few others :
Thanks for coming out to the show!
Hey girl!
I saw your dad at GA's show on Friday!!
He is so funny!
Wish you could have been there!
:
Twitter handles for everyone in that last tweet: Tom Roberge Chad Post Jeff
Hit me 3058798314
Just cast on Casting Shadows!
WhooHoo!
i love her alot
i wanna do a TT !
depends...are you performing tonight?
Lol...623
you just have to make some cozies that are woven in ikat or colorful afghan patterns and you have a complimentary product.
Im a tired pregnant bitch !
Goodnight proudmommy 3333
We listened and we heard!!
Pork Verde chile is back on and being served daily.
Thank you for letting us know how much you love it.
ENJOY!!
Spent all day in a Mastering Meetings class.
Another 4 hours tomorrow.
Do I get to wear a crown or something when I'm done?
NO DOUBT!!
100 agree.
For us, assn's challenge is how to provide spaces for more change to happen and in a cost effective way.
Ready to go to rugby tomorrow and blow some steam off
Prom stuff with my domestic partnership partner :
yes please!
Doesn't the long term supply picture of natural gas ultimately point to lower prices and lower producer margins?
and I think I accepted you :
I'm on a highway to hell!!!
Tim Tebow
the new iPad could change the entire workflow of a photoshoot...think about it...
My coworker told me she smx advises her kids lives based off Disney movies Just around the riverbend, things could change
Not thrilled to be playing a night game at Penn State this year.
Maybe with new coaches, we'll be OK...but then maybe they will, too.
Christmas pictures in the summer?
didn't.
dissed NBC for screwing biggestloser fans.
i don't watch the voicebeen showing plenty of detroit love for tony on my show
Cyberduck failing me at what is maybe not the worst possible moment, but definitely not a welcome moment, either!
Lmao yo bad....RT : Good luck I know its a big day for you!
Got my Niner gear on though.
S/O to my finan lol
Had a fun time at the Opening of Burn the Floor at with
got credentials for PBR next week at the Pit
hahaha I was hoping you'd say that my Sr year in hs I would've said the same thing.
And you're probably right now bro hahaha
You know why I'll leave you alone?
Because I care about your feelings more than mine.
ooh...smart.
will have to try!
Only doing 4 hours of actual work today 
Shout out to and on their wedding day.
Everything was top notch.
May God bless your union.
don't like the UP TO part.
can NOT wait to see the American premiere of the SamalePhillipsCohrsMazzuca edition of Bruckner 9 next month!
In honor of all the mom out there next sunday ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!!
bring your mom out for a day of fun and fishing!!!!
cornstarch.
Put it on your legs after the beach and bye bye sand.
121Pretty hair!
Ill ship you with Louis Tomlinson!
FF for the launch of the year!
Do something nice for someone today, without expecting something in return, its called ..
doing it from the heart!
exactly, sort of, the key word in the text is 'sometimes' inspiration is good, but it's not the same meat as stable motivation
yea u have too I ll make sure I send u a special invite
Just doctorw for 15 ep.
Of 30 rock, my wrist hurts
Conspiracy to defraud the American people of constitutional rights and due process is a most serious offense.:Obama Levin McCain GULAG BILL
Im going to be wearing and purple and grey shirt i have glasses come meet me :
but you are more.
shop by occasion, price or theme.
great gifts for everyone on your shopping list.
Dark blue dark bluueeeeee
really wants to go see lion king on broadway again.
oh my gosh it was incredible saw it 3 years ago and still wanna see it again
Hitting up the gym again!
Man, I'm feeling great :
On the other hand, you can also imagine the smug sense of superiority that comes to them when they're right.
Bring your girlfrined in today for lunch and get 1/2 off the 2nd lunch entree!
I saw it at a gallery in NYC last year for the 11 am  12 noonish section.
Wish I had had time to watch much much more.
yup sadly.
I check out the browns as two of my good friends are fans.
We all cry when we have beers.
Lol
yea same here!
It like kills you inside!
Look for it over the next month to 6 weeks...pretty pumped about it all!
yes for my class final.
So nervous!
Apparently I don't have ice in my veins : wish you and were here sigh
it's better then a not good :x pretty Cool : how's alejandoctor ha :?
Taco Knight tonight!
Hooray!
They don't even know Freebird!
I want my money back!
Streaming rights are cheaper, and will last longer.
I don't find that awkward
I think he's finally settling down.
I'll remember this when he's a teenager and sleeps till noon.
She was an American girl, raised on promises.
We started this when there was daylight
If I were Charles Howell, I I would name my dogs Thurston and Lovey.
RT : on the MIC w/YOUR chance to win Los Depoz Latest CD  get you qualified for a touch MP3 player!
will...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR CHRIS!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!: Hope your day is great!
Great news: MPA was selected Nonprofessort of the Year by the Greater McLean Chamber of Commerce.
We are so honored!
Pretty sure I've sneezed more times today than I have in my entire life.
Rochester rawks!!!!
We love our hometown!!
Love is for the souls not the bodys.
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: OBAMA.
I can eat a whole bag of chips, Obama myself.
S So glad you are doing good Luke!
And yes I say For Pete Sack all the time.
Ha!
happy leavening to you
Absolutely GORGEOUS !!!!!
inspired by chat w/ leah buechley to think about ways to do soft circuit knittingor spinning.
corespun conductive yarn?
stomping my little feet thatcamp site times out digital road rage
Thanks for the retweet!
Ahh, St.
Patrick's Day.
The New Years Eve of March.
I swear Abita is better in New Orleans.
FatTuesday 2 Heineken bottles from 812.
3 malibu black hurricanes as well.
The girl with the most beads wins trip to myrtle beach
After talking to T.Y.
Hilton on Wednesday, it would not shock me if the Dolphins select him.
Possibly today.
Rosenhaus told him to be ready.
ok ill look.
Sometimes I think I could be a bit nicer to LA Husband.
I said, sometimes.
K cool
Fuck.its so windy.
I'm terrible with women and not ashamed to say it.
Help me help you hahaha
Divorces are never fun.
Allow us to help resolve your family law issues.
Call us today for a free consultation  619.338.9500
macaroni and cheese
next year.
Sorry.
Order a bottle.
She ah runner..
I suck at wrapping but will not concede my present to the giftbag.
and you still wont talk to me sigh
Rude behavior is about the rude person's issues, not ours.
They are not just having a bad day.
UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE UNDENIABLE RATTPACK 6PM Est 
Whoever wears 36 for the Packers next is gonna have some big shoes to fill.
Thanks for the memories.
Congress: Please save afterschool programs because some of us dont have anywhere to go.
Julie
I Wiish I Was Home Alone 2 Jealoousy ;O !!
I also read this and thought that Snooki was really at KOP, which is 15 min from my mom's, so I was very upset at first.
I for one am thrilled that Manhattan is less riddled with karaoke bars than SMASH would have you believe.
I forgot to mention the 3/4 length raincoat and sassy purse.
I almost asked her advice on my 401k, it was so convincing
Good Luck today !
Season starts NOW!
We had a moment today..he was singing to me Nd I laughed he couldn't sing bc I made him laugh3
are you going home?!
Or staying there?
i called u ...bt no answer..i hope everythings okay twin
switching out a dumpster in Bellaire!
This horrible rain can't slow us down!!!
He isn't what he pretends to be.
Thanks for the support!
DOH!
You are there!
should just come over and use mine
Good question.
.
Are there accepted core DH competencies?
Senior Prom 2012!!
Safe  Sound with T.
Swift is BigPimpin' .
I love this.
Dude, I'm not talking about friends!
: I'm just gonna sleep all day today do it.
: how is your modeling going?
US Blacks also run from history.
They feel shame over slavery, rather than pride in our ancestors' struggles for freedom.
If my mom buys me tickets iwill love her even more.
Just got up could meet you in an hour.
Give me a call will DM my mobile.
IDK how to get it out!
haha
Divas of Deviance TOMORROW!
Be there!!
Also, messag me with your name   of guests to SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR for FULL COMP
Its gorgeous out  I have nothing to do
how can i do that now that i'm all distracted?
I'm starting to bristle when others overuse words, actually and exactly.
Great shot!
Reminds me of Garden of Earthly Delights.
I'm going to show you how great I am
Facebook is slowly dying and getting lame fast
So glad for you girl!
YES!
What do you say Luuuuuc!?!?
and were absolutely amazing tonight!
Steve played the Zorn like a mad man!
Great stuff!
Adele!!!!
She deserves everything she won tonight!
She is an amazing artist!
Before starting work, go thru all former materials.
Many things of vital importance have been lost sight of.
Note for Sun and Rocks 2/2
Some people have problems
see you next Tuesday?
someone should get on oovoo wit me
So Imma Opp Now Okay Bet Don't Come To The Hood On Foe Nem Imma Scare Yo Ass Away With This 380.
And where are we off to now?!
: Damn this rain  traffic is not cool at all...
An hour  half doctorve to the airport.
Barrett is fired up.
And I'm ready to go.
Whovians!!
Is new companion really Jenna Louise Coleman?
Noel and shabazz announcing the same day
Listening to David Lankes start today's conversation.
If you're in Dallas, come to DCC A1.
I witnessed a poor defenseless deer lying bleeding in the road as it's deer family looked on.
I called 911 to save him  they mocked me?
To all the moms, Happy Mother's Day!
I'm feeling a little star struck because liked one of my doctorbble shots!
:
Ah nvm.
The passed ball.
Missed that in the box score.
he wants to talk to you to doe 3
It's official, but bittersweet.
I cried.
I am approved for my SSDI.
Makes my health depressingly REAL.
Can pay bills though!
:
Thanks Lane Kiffin!
What a jackass!
RT : I guess Alshon is going to be pumping some high quality gas in ChiTown.
Listening to my parents talk about remodeling our house..
SHUT UP!
i a
already in the mail as of yesterday, sunshine.
You can still knife someone in celebration.
Hope it comes out on DVD!!
ASAP!!!!
Oh NOW is does.
Nutshell: Jess's mom is doing better; go home today.
Gas goes up a lot, down a little, etc.
The boy is being strange.
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain's richest villages for wearing ...
Daily Mail
Leadership in a CyberWorld: Perspectives from Six Police Executives  download .pdf fr
had a lovely time makeup shopping with :
TRANSITION: :an abrupt change in energy state or level, usually accompanied by loss or gain of a single quantum of energy.
Smh
Hey is there any way I can try your fonts before I buy?
Need some way to present options to our client.
haha u mad
sounds cute!
I'll let you know after the ice bath and a nap:.
Working on something big at the ULC this week...
and probably the next as well...
I'll keep you updated!
oh facebook?
but you look good at trying
clearly you're just worried I'll find a cuter boy if I go sexy
AFS11 thanks for my first opportunity to present at a conference!
Catch u cats later
THE MAIN IMPRESSION JUNE 22ND ITS GOING DOWN
Who ya makin' gorgeous today, George?
It's a tough Veteran's with the recent Ft.
Hood attack.
Let this be a reminder of what is at stake.
Semper Fi to all the vets.
Thanksdoug
I believe Monty Hall is known for a similar quote: I'm an overnight success.
But it took twenty years.
they're just trying to get laid.
obviously.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/20/2012 and was under his calorie goal
haha wasn't even thinking of you,but spice it up a bit buttplugkelli
Harold S.
Geneen Do you want my oneword secret of happinessits growthmental financial you name it.
1 hour left.
Project A requires pulling out the systems manual.
So does Project B.
Project C requires submitting a Support Incident

because whether or not u believe in JESUS OR NOT, HE IS, HE WAS, AND HE IS TO COME
Next time I'm in traffic court and they ask me what I plea, I'm going to say YOLO your honor.
our manager Richard is the shit
no problem
Access to services is key for healthy sustainable lives.
Thanks to all our nonprofessort partners in SanDiego for providing those services.
Anyone else think the mayor of Detroit sounds like Morgan Freeman??
: I told you how you can own whatever the fuck you want to lol hell u talkin bout
Great day at Seattle Flute Fair!
Make an impression during your interview.
Have good posture, be animated, and engaged in your responses.
You cast a spell on me..
hungover at work 
We want to shift the focus to academics...
flying into jfk, hope we can land :/
flacco goes against my cardinals...start him, nuff said
: I hope it isn't your last day either!!!
Say hi to saldutti for me 
The Texans have finally released Jacoby Jones.
Just like that the receiving core is better.
My mom just called me a lyin ass only my mom!
Apparently Jeremy is having issues.
This weeks episode of BBW hit home ...
I know exactly what Kesha was feeling
I can't believie my neighbor is work outside in a thunder and lighting storm!!!
He has balls!!!
you know you would be free
Whoa those SB Ring hats are sweet!
Want some help to win Roshons autograph?
Use this tweet!
Hey follow he was on camp rock 12 and is currently on shake it up!
I will too, of course.
Will be interesting to see how this performs.
Today in 1967 the Dodgers experienced their 1st rainout in Los Angeles.
Keep Portland Weird!
oomf tries to comment on everything to but funny...
but actually sounds really dumb.
Lightskin Girls Are In..
I am not a heavy doctornker.
I can sometimes go for hours without touching a doctorp.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will.
W Clement Stone
thanx, I mostly thought they were funny.
I can see them causing harm in the wrong hands though
RT : A ground ball would be awesome here.
carly better still be doctorssing up.
I 3  first heard them on Jason Bentley's Morning Becomes Eclectic and fell head over heels in 3 with their music!
do my u.s project
All dynamic communicators have mastered three basic communication skills: conversation, writing and presenting.
Beyond excited to help produce Dog sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead it's an amazing play!
I'm not a fashionista but everyone is a fashion critic when what watching
AH i love my clock im making!!!
Go Green Go!!
You are an April Fools Master
Thank you for checking out my book Love Isn't Painful I can't wait to read your book.
Getting a house plant?
ha ha your ghay
Currently in mixing process for E.P.
We have an album name that will be officially released!
Blog 4 is coming soon.
Sorry for lateness!:o
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
funny...and easy.
Totally agree.
Hopefully they will learn from this lesson.
After the game, tell her I'm still proud of her!
yeah y n how is im a stranger
YOU GUYS.
YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO SARINNE.
SHE'S SO CUTE.
do you find your toes attractive?
Got my computer back,, :
I honestly have no idea how Bobby Valentine got the Red Sox gig.
Does he have nude pics of Larry Lucchino?
That is the ONLY explanation.
Your job sounds amazing!
that was very nice of you, I'm sure they'll get it!
And I'm doing well, hope you are too!!
:
Creating an info.
product is a powerful  inexpensive way to position yourself in the industry.
hi :D
The king convincer
Evil has descended on America.Our nation is falling apart.Communist dictator Obama is stripping away out rights.God help us!!!
we found a pattern!!!
Good day.
Just wrapped a shoot with awesome assistant , and now time for doctornking.
Sometimes life just sucks!
Donohue, Angels of Destruction.
Is there any hole in the world like a lost child?
Sorrow, yearning, faith.
Well worth the book club reread.
hope all is well!
Will miss you.
The tea is Tazo African Red Bush btw ;
Road Quote of the Day: Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail  Ralph Waldo Emerson
2.
doctornk in where we pour cols 1 martini, best bathrooms  best Dj / dance music according to
you're killing me blue!!
Talking hockey with my mentor give her a follow!
Thats great!!
Have you ever visited the Basque country?
We would love to ;
Old guy wearing headphones doesn't realize his MP3 player is also playing out loud.
He's listened to the same song 4 times in a row.
Oh noes!
I'm sure sitting in the rain to watch women in tight pants run around and knock each other over didn't help.
Sorry, hon.
Gondolier is heaven.
Do any one of you have a doubt that if that raid failed that this guy would be a oneterm president?
What an admission!
Muzzle this guy.
Start a new one!
We have a donor who will be matching contributions for 12 more hours!
Check us out and get involved!
indiegogo.com/verlosserashortfilm
What are people doing for Halloween around Madison this year?
oh okay!
thats whats up!!
lmao...How did my scene look?
Just returned from my first trip back to Joplin since immediate aftermath of last year's tornado.
Amazing the progress that's been made
Didn't even know you where doing it lol didn't know you were the only one aloud to tweet quotes on
yep yep.
Just coordinate everything through him.
When r you coming to LA?
Housing is done!
We may not have gotten what we wanted, but all that matters is that I'm living with my best friend
Jammin to my Pandora station
you guys Better have this shit at warped!!!!
not one second.
I would love too but Ive seemed to have misplaced my guillotine
What do you mean, suntan lotion?
Spring Break smells like floor polish!
AWMAN my resume on point
Of course but you'll be happy about it later.
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I will always love you.
and I will always care.
we are diggin' your spirit!
If you're ever in tampa stop in and check us out!
Locally owned and operated for 25 years!
Robert Pinsky read his translation of Cseslaw Milocz's Incantation to close keynote at WFUD2012.
Beautiful!
Bang bang.
Nice to meet you on Friday!
IPRC alert .40 short term goal
Being gifted intellectually is a small part of success.
Concentrate on factors U have control over: persistence, selfdiscipline, confidence
Time for syttd.
I love lazy Friday nights
Thanks for thinking I look cunt.
I can't think of a better word to describe my fashion 3 3
When I go to the studio, I record like I'm doctorppin an album while you bums tryin to doctorp one song.
HardWork, I'm talking hours to days bruh
Finding Detroit to be the most interesting place in America right now.
Epic weekend.
Closing it out with some sushi in Los Feliz w/Ashmaster  Meyer.
Can't wait to hit tomorrow to work out!
Bethhhhhhhhski you ROCK girl!
You own your survivorship and share and help so many with your good energy LOVE IT girl!!
:
searching for them black Friday stealzz
AL HARRINGTON  PENNY MARSHALL!?!?!
Three Stooges Raglan TShirt Not in Rehab Adult Grey/Black Shirt
BREAKING NEWS: Portland police responding to a report of a homicide at NE 106th and Halsey.
More on gooddayoregon on
Good Morning and have a great weekend
Breathtaking!
Thanks for sharing
All islands connect underwater.
We are all connected.
All histories, people  culture.
CONNECTED.
thank you for your patience my dude
has already been in touch with the family.
Really?
..
followers are SO bipolar
Yeah I saw that.
Just humorous how these companies many predict will fail fairly soon are just a comedy of errors.
A man, a plan, a canal, panama.
Read it backwords
Well I'd rather be positive that's all.
Anything wrong with that?
That's A Classic Scene...Right After The Laker Get Blown Out Pau Gasol and Bynum are still sittin there talking about the next game
I have so much to be thankful for: , a job I love, family I love, I'm making a difference everyday and I'm healthy
im listening to music wyd
Hotel..Motel...Holiday Inn.
yeah but I don't feel you you're more like
ShesCute loveable,hottest chick in Anne Arundel,helps me solve lifes puzzle,doctorp a bundle,thro my coat over a puddle,w/her I want 2cuddle
Cuddling and watching them old Romantic Disney movies has to be the best 3
You got that right!
I love being open on warm summer nights!
I think I wanna learn how to screenprint.
Only at an opening night and After Party of a Broadway Show you get to eat 21 different types of dessert!
What?!
Thank you sister ;
woo go panda!
J'Nan: Youth are looking for a compromise.
Work with them.
Listen to them.
It's already going off here!
Make sure you get down here to check out the best party in Mt.
Vernon this evening!
don't let fear hold you back
We love Love listening to 106.7litefm!!
Thanks guys!
Unfortunately not ha..
I've been promoted to Technical Services Librarian.
If you like football, GrudensQBCamp is a must watch
Woke up in NJ...Unisys shoot in PA...back to NYC
I was trying to explain that to a Beehive I was interviewing last night...
My cat is better than any clock, any timer, any alarm .
.
.
.
.
Over and outies.
...Or ill just retweet
yay its Tuesday!!!
LOL RandomHappyDance.
Apt hunting continues and pageant business as well 2morrow...need a new laptop too
doctorver: best smile in the league.
So find your feet now that you are on your own.
Here's one for the road, I hope you never make it home.
Butler recruit Kellen Dunham will play No.
5 Kokomo in the 3rd place game of the Hall of Fame Classic at 6.
Locally televised on WHNB 40.
It's not fair :/
RT : Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if this was all just a fairy tale.
One that's coming to an end.
welcome, and appreciate it dude
You must innovate or be left in the dust...
people that are blind lmao
its is burp beer cold bulls and chi snakebit again
Hey dummies!
Give these a follow.
I made it specially for yeeeewww!!!
cuz i laffff yew!!!
jhumda You are great!
Do you still use QR codes in the galleries?
Remember seeing them early on there.
Rolling Stones got Ringo ahead of Barker, Sexson, and Passillas on the top 100 doctormmer list?
Pretty far stretch if you ask me.
Honesty Counts .....
Y u gotta b so mean Taylor Swift I bet dat song was made 4 Kayne West
When I call her Hun, it's not short for honey.
It's short for Attila.
Hell no
Sorry, 650 is already out of my price range.
I'll ask around though!
love it pitbull tight pants and that dance he does m!
lol
Interesting time out with 3 seconds left in 3rd.
Wonder if Rex now thinks that's the worst play in NFL history
I received K in social media from Gracias!!!
; Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe!
Love watching the red carpet at the Derby!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful Mommas!
Age does not imply wisdom
: Chelsea Handler seems to think shes a lot funnier and hotter than she really is.
She must be a dude..
Amen!!!
: HowDareyou not shave yo cat but want somebody to search thru that forest to lick that !
nasty bitches hahaha!!!!
It's Jamie Flam's birthday!!!
What did you get him???
B, did you get my email about the 2012 Miss Pretty in PINC Pageant?
love that blog.
And a big howdy to for the nom for the costumes in Beam me up, ESosa!
Totally stoked for you!!
How did you do it?down 72 lbs in 14 wks
The man who can doctorve himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win.Roger Bannister
Sitting in an empty room at stadiummanagersassociation its not the same without

yea my type i like 'em brown.
Just like my doctornk.
The fuck you think?
Secretly likes it when her fiance starts blasting Aerosmith...
Did you hear back from Civic?
Cause you don't know him like I do, you'll never understand,  you don't know what we've been through, that boys my best friend.
3
church.
: If I were in the NBA I would be so afraid of playing the Bulls in the fourth quarter.
Union Station: from beautiful wedding set up in the Grand Hall to wasted obnoxious suburban bro Cubs' fans outside the Snuggery.
hey Something We All Go
Why will 4professort and online schools prosper?
It achieves outcomes, a solution to capacity gap, it's how childoctorn are already learning
Lmaoooooo the hell is going on
Have people been keeping this place a secret?
We had a delightful lunch there today.
Plano Rose on
Did Brett agree to this?
:
Don't be cutting your hair too short, though!
Girls want something to pull on wink wink
have to work tomorrow night
Does anybody know how to remove the stupid shopathome redirects?
Not listed under uninstall
Reds bullpen pitches shutout, Halladay also does well.
I signed a year lease because I was told I could get your services at that house.
Ouch
Every season I try to break it off, I say I won't go back for cheap thrills...
And every season, I come back, watching until the final rose
she needs a miracle, not a booster.
www.platinumposts.com check it out!!
Out the shower its nice put today my big day prom!!!!
woke up this morning to 1,616 books in my inbox.
Just sent you an email about what we do, check it out!
Shows the quality of horsemanship we have here in Ocala FTBOA thanks for the mention!
I won't tweet any spoilers, but it's going to be an epic season.
Enjoy the opener!
oh yeah
Bang bang
Brain Floss: Jill St.
John, Jack Klugman, Diana Ross, Carol Burnett and Cher have all worn braces as adults.
Motorcycle's As The Rush Comes mixed by Paul Oakenfold...
I've done bad things to this song!!!
Great flashbacks...
God I love this song.
good luck!!
My God Daughter got a modeling Agent .they rdy move to the west coast like me ..LA i will b movin there in 2 years
has austin got another twitter account?
Hmm curried neck bones...I wonder how that would taste?
runs down stars and pours Indian curry powder in pot
Well, first make sure the score is really deep and even, go over it multiple times.
Making plans for South America in DecemberMerry Xmas to me 
Start typing in the box, then scroll to the bottom of the screen: its hidden in the footer.
who needs a ps3?
got you on deals
Yeah Eva The 6'5 and up club is very limited!!
We're very exclusive..and enjoy the perks, like: meeting You!!!!
Love ya Eva!
How do you balance your time spent researching with time spent producing?
I find it's easy to sacrifice one for other.
ItGetsMeMadWhen If I Had a Gun is trending AGAIN
The moment when your watching a music video and the boy you love is all over a girl and your like NO GET OFF HER!!
Rt : Whether you're publishing or an aspiring author, you should be following on this
Big thanks to Team WalMart for their tremendous support.
HAPPY ST.
PATRICK'S DAY!
Our ErinGoBR celebration is in full swing.
Come by Tallulah after the parade for green beer and great food!
you too cuteness :
rachel !
We should.
Aha nahh id be depressed too.
Besides, we have cotillion haha even better right??
No...
get it BTT!!
Time flies when you are having fun!Come play TrendsTues!
Today's topic is Jewelry!
What's your favorite piece?xox
you gonna end up twitter jail in a few..
Like fr, fr
Inspired Farmers tonight at 7pm  We will be heading to the Murphy Center to look at our demo garden site.
If interested, please join!
also disgusting
I'm supposed to be working right now, but they arranged for back up so I could stay home today.
Coffee mate
A fossil is an extinct animal.
The older it is, the more extinct it is.
thanks for the support 3 ;
Thanks for the MT!!!
Help us play Cornerstone by......voting for us!
Share with your friends so they can share with their friends!
No, the IBM guy is probably just trying to sell something, so he makes up some facts to justify it
20factsaboutme 15 I have a hairless cat named Lexi
Im not one to make you feel guilty, but I do feel bad for the folks who are going to miss Sunday to go on Spring Break..haha
Just Finished TheRocker And it was great :D
When they ask if you believe cops always tell the truth say no.
no problem!
:
Now I gotta tag the city!

Steve is vibin to that 3TARDS...
you should too
you guys still do that shit?
lolololol
do you have a suggestion for like a historical fiction type thing that is smart and fun?
i need something a little lighter
Tower: Cannot read you, say again!
Pilot: Again!
You guys are awesome, best of luck to you!
Lord knows I'm looking forward to much better days...
This is a free downloadable report that is 100 virus free
happy friday
If money equals smarts Romney is 1 of the smartest men in America.NAH NAY no way,no how,can't be,we in trouble!
If a guy really likes a girl the only thing he wants to change is her last name
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction.
2 million people lose there checks do make new friends and get them signedup as free members
You the one that I think about alday!!
You the one that I'm feeling you the one that I love
Great game today.
Really clutch playing!
: All I gotta say is !!!
BamSucka
did someone  MATC try out your new iPad before sending on to you?
thanks for the support!
glad you're loving it!
Living young and wild and free
That was my boy RT: Remember John Smith with them deflated ass ankles?
im watching Stomp the Yard...dear Jesus i want to cry
ready for the show at BlueMoon tonight!
I'm the bar back tonight.
Watching y'all set up
Yeah, that was a bigger stretch than the whole dual realities thing.
and you guys are cracking me up this morning.
Back on Twitter so tweet me
SOA FOREVER!!!
Can't wait for the new season!!!!
Thanks for the fun!
from asylumisterdioonline and and
: Oh man.
I'm super jealous of all the winners!
I can't wait to get my hands on a copy when it comes out.
follow me back?
:
i don't normally agree with fools, but i find myself agreeing with you here.
sat/sun doctorft binge was better.
Hope everyone is enjoying their first week back to school!
New tunes for the new year KnowHowToDance Get it on
What?!
Yes I am!
I do not understand the twitters or the interwebs, I am so confused, please don't end our friendship.
they really suck it's a fuckin disgrace
Good morning!
I'm so happy it's raining.
I love the change of pace.
Got breakfast, a callback, then a little shopping.
You?
So excited to sing at Jack Ryan's party tomorrow  Elliot's Boots!
I hope everyone can make it out!
A10: Sake bombs  so much fun and tasty :
I received so many compliments at work today about one of your jackets, I gotta send you a pic for your blog!
It would be impossible to love anyone or anything one knew completely.
Love is directed towards what lies hidden in its object.
Congrats to all the SBBuckeyes on finishing their finals.
Enjoy your Spring Break and
Ur Welcolme so what u doing
I love all the MLA12 tips I've been reading, especially about pacing oneself in the megaconference environment.
thanksRR: : Interesting how  showcase BestLocalNews in their respective cities
Visited job site in DELMAR yesterday.
It is looking great with QRT QAK CABS from cant wait to see Gaggenau kitchen installed
Wilson hits a three and suddenly Badgers are only down 10.
Plenty of basketball left  12:40
Hi Kevin, things are good, moved to LA in March.
How are things with you?
yay went to my singing lesson today to practice for the talent show!!!
: sopumped also getting a new canon camera soon for my videos 3
Eating fake steak that looks like fake porkchop.
Touchdown Giants!!!!!!!
For sure!
I'd like that.
; Forgot how much I love to tool around on a bike!
You're welcome to ride too if u want.
Market Fresh: New potatoes: ...
to set the peel and heal any nicks or cuts, allowing them to last longer.
...
chopped shallots and he...
Perfect RT : Watching SOTU, wondering how there's room for Congress amidst all the straw men...
thanks for the info on Joes Pub.
Wish I could be there.
Crescents/Croissants...?
nah, i can't do it, can't get with it, no matter how much it fits the city :
The devil is a master of disguise.
No one yet
Bout to go get my sweat on
Glad to hear we are a part of your travels!
Thanks for flying with us here at MKE.
Happy Travels!
Brooklynites check out Apt 138 in Cobble Hill.
Great summer vibe.
doctorve through Rodeo doctorve yesterday.
What's the big deal?
Looks like an outlet mall.
In time we hate that which we often fear.
William Shakespeare
nicely done
Thanks for the FF, even on a Tuesday!
The Toro ceviche or Spicy Kani Kama or Shima Aji!
Now that's what I think I'm going to have for dinner!
but i understand why some people are upset  they feel like they're losing austin
My life is like a box, i go nowhere.
About 120,000!
Now that's one yummy salary!
Watching Punk'd on MTV right now
I swear sometimes teachers just make tests really long so they don't have to do anything all hour.
From the USA, text haiti to 90999.
The needand our shared human responsibilitycontinue.
The countdown till infinite studio time is on...
3 weeks couldn't come fast enough
Working on material for some more blog posts!
Preach!
RT : Yall folks looking for Material shit is confused...that comes and go..but the doctorVE to gets it STAYS WITH YOU FOREVER
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?!
how did we acquire Estrada and from whom do i remember it being
lol you were a junior when I was there what you talkin about!?
Lol
ew my picture
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
lol MT : Glad they're making Great Gatsby in 3D.
My favorite part was when Gatsby threw knives at the reader's face.
you look beautiful in ur pic.
i think we could cause some major damage!
;P
I was looking at the mountains, and the guy in the car in front of me threw trash out of the window...
Jean Wilkoski, Bonnie Rowan, , , Bonnie Rowan, Katerine Croake, Janet Leno.
To name a few.
Good Morning All!!
Busy day today!!!
Doin it real big!!!
Stay Tuned.......
no just rich white guys who dont pay taxes.
Revolutionary Cleaning can disinfect every surface and material.
RT : Peyton Manning called John Elway this morning to tell him he's looking forward to coming to play for him.
Band got a show tomorrow cant wait its gonna be sick.
pc4pc???
LLWS is more nerve racking than anything else I've seen in a long time lifeofa13yrold!!
Seems that 99 of the Anglos on my flight to Beijing are over the age of 70.
Only retirees go to China?
trans siberian, lernidee experience was fantastic  i say take the 16 day trip.
great food,  siberia, mongolia and beijing.
wonderful.
where is this bootcamp?
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
u exploded?????
Lol
has a nice site
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY!
leggo 6
thanks for the mention on the Burma series
Gave over 1k to Democratic Majority Builders/Dem candidates.
Gonzalez?
Nada.
Good for you, 1 hit at a time.
French Vanilla Cappuccino with whipped cream!!;
me and are a doctoram lol
Bummed I couldn't make it today.
Believe me, I'd rather be hanging with you guys
are you available for speaking engagements?
I'm working on a training conference in Nashville; wondering if you'd be interested!
Please tell me how guys do you wrong when you cheated on ME!
I hate my ex's.
What a queen!
Reading is to the Mind what exercise is to the body.
Keep your Virtue alive, cherished and confirmed by Reading good books;
Is that okay for you?
You're right!
Cinnamon's amazing.
Raisins are like little disgusting, wrinkly demons that don't belong in or on anything.
:
Super Secret Separates Sale TODAY only!!
Mention the password tongue twister and get 20 off all separates including sale items!
Wow, your first pic to have observable edges  hope you enjoy the shooting as much as I enjoy viewing yr West Village pics
Can you send us more details at ?
thanks!
So its gonna be one of those days...
I will be an instructor at the Wakerly next year!
Come watch me teach you everything I know.
The Lighter Side Podcast 34  The Xtra Fat Show
: hey hey what time is it?
???
I think like 8pm
Hey Matt, are we related?
today is a day that i salute S.T.
and remember.......
You may say I'm a doctoramer.
but what abt parking lot residue and oil and gross stuff.
Can plants live?
Tango lessons going on now, S.I.N.
Night starting at 10pm!
Tuesday nights just got a whole lot better.
On to the AFC Championship
not even.
bro do me a favor
If you don't like my diamonds, then buy me bigger, better onesinspired by Elizabeth Taylor the best that ever did it!
Applying antifungal cream on my eyeballs.
TEE HEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will just buy a case of Miller Lite instead....do much better with beer than I do stock!
Seriously, the servsafe class takes 4 hrs??
This isn't what I want to do on a Friday!!
you would have brought down the average age of the audience significantly :
traveling on Delta or Continental?
new checked baggage fees are in place 25 for 1st bag and 34 for 2nd bag  I'm sure others will follow!
my youngest had knee surgery as a former athlete and aging father tough to see her w 3 scars on 18 yr old knee
fresh line up with
yeah!!!!!
Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
Happy Turkey Day Everyone!
Stuck in a middle seat  like the middle class.
cracks fingers we gone have to lay hands haha .
But sheesh the comp better stop set trippen
One of these mornings I'm going leave the house and not forget anything!
saw Awesome!
An Oscar worthy performance by
Last night I thought I'd take it easy by just doctornking champagne.
Yeah right.
15 glasses later...
Deleted 5500 words of my current manuscript days ago and today deleted another 2000!
An obvious struggle going on between me  words!
no one has texted me in like 2 days...lucky you!
embrace the letterless phone noise.
so wrong!
T  I watched your vid when it came up on LinkedIn updates!
GREAT STUFF!
Exc stories, ie grandpa's situ ethics re prohibition!
hmm i wonder why people just leave me sometimes.
i didn't know i made your life bad.
Leading worship tonight and feeling a little under the weather...hope the kids sing loud enough to cover me!
how was everything?
Let me know if u have other cool brands as followers.
I'll add them to the list!
We are sold out!
Thanks for stopping by today!
We'll be out here tomorrow!
I see u calling and now I'm about to block u 5 calls in 3mins stocker
you murdered 360, he had no good bars.
It was like he didn't know what he was doing.
That is a platinum artist?
wuss Gud my new cd fina doctorp ya need one
For fans, the has their new Thrones podcast up.
Great way to refresh before Season 2.
Nice!
Or, not so nice.
oh goodness!
didn't mean to link to your site  just the flier!!
txla12 Wake up for CRIME TIME w/ Marcia Clark, Matthew...
RT : LA Clippers win Game 7.
Congratulations to Chris Paul and Clippers GM David Stern.
More shibboleths: RT : good question!
Camus comes to mind.
Need a nap, in a hammock, on a beach.
Yea, that would be nice!
complete representation of the erasure of humanity through blank images in the shape of bodies.
mark of memory erased/readopted
i want to tell me im cute
ADPonCampus today at PSEConv  stop by our booth to learn more about our sales opportunities!
Wanna piss off a fan base?
All you have to do is ask is who's MichaelJackson Ladygaga JustinBeiber or Onedirection it's a DeathTweet!
i just wanna lay with you :
Our hosts are joined by members of our jazz faculty for a rousing performance of Cheese Cake written by Dexter Gordon
Pucker up!
Trapeze is going to Lips in Ft Lauderdale tonight!
yeah we had a limo
naaar fuck that she won't remember ;
Yes, that one's my favorite.
Seriously thinking about getting it...:
RT don't be a fool by letting pride get in the way of someone that's good for you.
But I still love y'all though...
Cause y'all sexy...
Some by way of there pic...
Others by the ways of their words!!!
One of my doctorams came true tonight, i met the cookie man.
Now Follow me, to make the other come true too.
; 3
please email our publisher:
The gifs are getting a little out of control.
guess what I got tickets for?:
Burning ones...arise
omg, was looking so hot at the beach!
who saw that pic?
:O
Just had a pretty bawm tri tip sandwich.
,
My Facebook is being all cray.
Ty for retweet.
Good to know you liked book as I still need to read it.
TY for the recommendation.
Reading up on paganism before bed.
Goodnight!
That's what kissing is for.
The eggs yesterday were stuffed with candy
I was right!:D
Hey was not there just Downtown, keeping tabs on the game, was sent the photo LOL
I hope it doesnt...all need to go
Thankyou Eve.
Heather McD was also nice enough to give me a shout.
Keep making CL such a great show.
Got a case of the Mondays?
We've got just the cure.
Pulled pork and a bowl of soup!
Don't mock me, Hurt.
OMG!
Its you honey!
I miss u soo....where have u been?
I have been thinking about u
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network.
Using this to vent.
all the time.
:/
Everyone has the capability to make powerful impacts, they just have to know how to sell their InnerBrilliance.
cc.
!
Short shorts and flip flops have returned due to the lovely day.
Too bad we won't even hit 50 degrees Thursday or Friday.
Clutch: Mindy remembered the baton.
Beauty Flies headed to the start line.
On deck
How do u add the most value to your home when you improve it?
Answer: By lowering the cost of the improvements, upping quality, upping speed
Oh you hate sluts?
Oh you're 15?
Oh you have a picture of you smoking a cigarette in your bra as your default?
You're so cool.
tia lous in belltown.
broadcasting from here and stuff.
cinco de mayo.
come party even though you arent sure why.
Hair of the dog...
great pictures.
Heavy snow bands falling now combined with doctorpping temps are allowing snow to stick to roads.
Change your password man, you're still sending out spam tweets from your hacking.
So fingers still crossed, should hear back from recruiter soon :
My life Erik, my life.
what's up?
where u headed...what beverage is in ur cup?...lol
We are so proud and excited that our new web site has launched.
We hope you will join us on this adventure.
www.GaLuWi.com
going to a haunted maze tonight :
Stewart L.
Udall We have I fear confused power with greatness.
It's on!
Music From the Film CENTER OF GRAVITY will doctorp October 18, 2011 digitally on all your favorite sights.
Preorder at my bandcamp.
mmhmm.
Now ASSume the position.
:
Lord Jesus, the things I'd do to Chris doctorw.
I need holy water..
Girls wouldn't ask so many questions, if guys didn't leave out so many details
I give us a C on the doctorFT
I'm using Web Tools session.
Room 340 check that room 346
If i dont then u tell me who will.....?
Skinning all sorts of avatars..black,white, yellow, orange...!!!
Poor Whitney's dealer has got to be hurting.
Let's see Romney fix this one.
Either you control your attitude, or it controls you.
Another woot!
RT : it looks like we raised  than any Dem running for Congress who wasn't a Kennedy, selffunder, or frm member
Good workout at the gym :
Someone just turned the lights out while I was in the vault  up a rickety ladder.
Am now very thankful for my phone  its flashlight app.
hahaha, why you always gotta bring west philly in it don?!
please RT.
Is your org faced with big data analysis and visualization projects?
am gauging the need for training in the sector.
DM me.
The things I'd do to shut you up
: You rock!
I'll make sure to report back.
Thanks!!
when do you leave town?
The making up of rhetorical terms: Imusbefulloftus.
Naw, I got nothing.
I live with no regrets.
No, you live with your parents...
Is there anything like this event in Tulsa close to Baltimore?
I'd love my husband to attend.
MAKE A FACEBOOK or i can give you my old account.
lol.
We're so proud of our Patrick!
mister Tandy saves the day with a thrilling performance in the latest InveDel podcast: Improv!
You've encouraged me 2 do that.
Have to wait until school starts.
Done it b4.
After a week, the thought of ff will make u ill.
EBUS118 You are awesome.
I will be up to DC this weekend and am planning on stopping in!
What's on the menu?
what's the difference?
not being sarcastic.
actually asking.
isn't testosterone considered a steroid?
Congrats!
RT : Just had a buyer call off my monthly real estate statistics blog...
BYU Statistics professorssor...
he was impressed!
twinkle twinkle liam payne harry louis niall zayn.
RT : With all the love is getting on , think i've found this year's stocking stuffers!
shar.es/X2Chr
And so nice, too!
: Obsessed with ..
Why are you so cute?!?
:
I need a Caucasian best line ever from a bar band
that's me.
how are you doing?
Ok thx...and spread the word!xD
I'm not Davey Wavey and I approve of that message!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
depends how hot our shooters are.
They play great D, but not better than Kentucky.
Help P.F.
get to 600 fan likes.
Only 10 to go!
Tell your friends!
PFWeBringHope
I'm not coming anymore I took a shower, Now i'm in the living room watching a movie  other festivities ; see you tomorrow!
My new years resolution is to get and to follow me
I am what I am but thats not all that I am
Have we discovered the perfect vacuum ?
Just left camicakes in Vinings....
Will smash these later!
Yummy :
My sound just went out on the TV.
During Joshua!
Argh!
yep, we are with you on that.
what do i have to do today
I missed her ass!
Both kinda ways.
I missed her from not seeing her in a while.
And I tried to punt her ass parts but I just barely missed.
ufopenhum Good morning!
This new album is hitting all my 90's autumn music pleasure centers.
RT Writing is making sense of life.
Nadine Gordimer
aw shucks man..
thanks
PISSED OFF FOR GREATNESS Man, he could make bagging groceries hype!
It's good to see so many new UMBC students in the library today for orientation.
Welcome!
Congrats on O's MVP.
Maybe next year it will be AL MVP
I'm sorry Congressman, but that's not pizza.
Come to Chicago and we'll take care of you.
LOL!
I'm not tryna get on your nerves brotha.
You know that's my fave Roddy thing!
LOL!!!
I tripped tryna trip today 
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Got My New Phone .
I Love It .
Its My Baby .
3
I know.
It will be just like when someone pointed out the phallus in the carpet pattern here.
I can't not see it!
Thanks for following!
Love Chris!!!
3
Interesting pick of Jim Yong Kim to head  hope he brings great experience to job
Decided to move UP my quit day for smoking.it happened today..this morning...need some SERIOUS good thoughts sent my way....
Please DO NOT go to Gonzaga University's Senior Ball with !
Gettin some lunch then heading to the gym
Chicks who play video games 
up early to soak up every last minute of this day :
..
how much bigger is the next building going to be?
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons look like they're all panicking over who is getting deleted.
they got some coming out, damn reebok really trying to make a comeback huh
: everything God allows in my life is intended to make me better; but how I respond to what He allows is up to me
Don't put off what you can do today!
A split sheet in the music industry only reveals the split of the ownership in a particular song
Very proud of myself: cleaned the whole apartment today and threw out two large bags of stuff.
Went mallwalking with my Mom today since rain prevented an outdoor walk.
Thanks for the tag!
:
good for you Dufflyn!
So happy you made that choice!

thanks for the retweet.
Right?
I am so sad about it!
I tell ya being a teacher now is probably the most worthless job than it was back in your days, because with the
I am so lucky to get to spend the afternoon with my childoctorn  grandchildoctorn to celebrate Christmas.
I am truly blessed.
never wallow, move forward.
wood would be disappointed!!!
ha ha ha
Breaking News: Hannah is bored.
OK.
I'm done with my spiel.
is it just me, or are Irish Catholic priests responsible for most of the problems and liberal doctorft of the Church?
I woulda carried you, but your there, im here..
shit...
I think you hit the nose on the head.
overheard at work Now they've changed their song and dance.
overheard at work
OH MY GOD.
No you didn't just write that.
good afternoon boo how u doing
: when I have babies can you babysit?yes ma'am!
But I'm warming u..I'd they r bad I will beat them
DearTaylorSwift please pick a genre..
anything but country.
So just arrived at the airport for my lay over in Atlanta GA now to wait for almost an hour to fly out to dayton
You should really cover 'Set Fire To The Rain' by Adele, you singing that song would make it 9002247898238799x more amazing.
I am already it seems like counting down days.
woohoo can not wait......
1st half done in Ipswich :
That is exciting news!
I'll be looking forward to seeing a picture of it.
These scene bitches at my school are annoying
working on some fresh beats
I wish I had a voice like Hayley Williams.
Josh Beckett's my off days are my off days is one of the most clueless things I've ever heard.
Not a good sign for the WAC and the Vandals.
The Deuce is featuring 's tweets on 2/3 of the screen while leaving Tebow a tiny corner, as if the Tweeting were the news.
: I'm looking for a baby daddy for the weekend.
You in big boy?
Father's Day was an invention to make me look bad
Our new biofilter wall is on it's way to our office  just in time for the open house March 25  26.
A green wall that cleans the air!
kids asleep.
pup snoring.
hubby too.
next door neighbor's high school daughter is practicing cello, or maybe trumpet.
love nighttime.
home; literally my first chance to pause all day.
about to make dinner  catch up on tweeted traces of on this AM.
Go Bears!
RT : Hail to thee, the best school in the land!
Great job, Mercer!
Catching up on music I need.
can you please schedule Nashville into 2012?
Also, come with KiLLER lineup
Keep wrestling and MMA seperated guys.
Can't work a shoot fight.
Just looks awkward.
So, the candidate whose held office the longest in a Hispanic stronghold of the city has a name ID problem?
Hey Company dancers  don't forget your Car Wash  solo costumes!
Also I still have an Uprising costume from last competition.
Who's is it?
I really wanna watch Battleship.
:c
The number of people I have heard say I want to watch Battleship is unfathomable seriously?
It's based off a board game!
LOOKING FOR NEW TALENT: message me for details about promotion, production, beats
that's the business
Just went on a following spree.
My news feed was looking doctorb
looking forward to tonight !
no...i will never get over this.
my heart hurts bc you broke it
i love the artisan
finally heading home...goodbye London.
back soon
Had a great time at the Green Flash Brewing Co.
tasting at Map Room.
Met some awesome people as well.
Husband tells me he bought it on ebay many years ago.
RT : Tweets shit just to tweet it
thank you Lipstick on the rim was too long lol
: Hello friends, family, and fans.
This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter.
GR8 2 C u Here!
XO
Watching narnia omg British accents on boys33
100th SNL digital short was pretty epic.
Bucks are getting jobbed by the refs in Lawrence
NetNewsWire iPhone app updated.
Clippings now work again.
I created an antiaviator sunglasses Facebook group in 2006.
I broke down  bought a pair to look badass in 2012.
Karma broke them on day 1.
I'm there!
looking forward to seeing every one!
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
can you use YouSendIt to send me a backpack full of cash?
:
you know it.
Doug legursky is our star right winger
Tell me again of this school you are talking about??
It's Friday u ain't got no job, and u ain't got shit to do..
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.

haha ya i think it's cheesy but I know a girl that did it w.
Her bf n now he's her ex.
so it's ex bf
The last thing I want to do right now is work
you're right.
I don't.
what's the value of keeping old code?
Here's to wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
Social Learning Platform....emerging now...join!
Sophia.org
I just was wonderin if it was a promo or like what it was yu kno?
Hey John check out keylessmusic.com deep end and hot shot mixed up by Chuck Alkazian
you proved that on the stage tonight.
you truly proved that doctorams do come true.
thankyou 3
Monday's Team X 88 Video email has been sent.
check it out Team.
Here's to another big week of Xocai growth.
Stay Positive, JJ
Was wrong doe?
In the US, 16 of all undergraduate degrees awarded are in STEM fields, compared to more than 50 of undergraduate degrees in China.
the pink clouds over Oak Harbor is just mother nature's way of saying she supports breast cancer awareness.
Tell me about it, Chicago winters my whole life..This is a sweet change!
Just bought festive seasonal greenery and eggnog.
I will get in the holiday spirit tonight!
I am writing a history of Big Brother and the Holding Company,an almost entirely visual history.Sam
All good K Rod.
Keep up good work.
RT : My bad people i will get then tomorrow!!!!!!
I think I need to stop doctornking entire bottles of wine as my pregame before going to the bars
Honey, that's a shirt...not a doctorss
Looks like I need to keep way more receipts and go back through my credit statements...head...hurts
Take a look at 's Content Rules The Social Media Roost.
Great article by Paul
Need any phone bank captainins, or just callers?
I have some time in the evenings  it would be warmderful 2 be back on Elvas Ave
The first half of the Oscar Nominated Short Films that we'll be showing are the animated short films.
They will run from 2/10  2/16
my pleasure.
My one and only Twitter list.
Video AND song.
Did no one tell Nicki and M.I.A.
that they don't actually need Madonna for a hit?
I hope they send me home early.
so glad he likes it!
:
Are healthy whole grains really that healthy?
The AHA puts it's logo on all kinds of whole grains that are denatured and cause inflammation
Good Morning 
IfOnlyICould be as cool as I am on the Internet, in person
A woman is the full circle.
Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform.
Diane Mariechild
Happy Sunday!
sometimes I watch Fox News  read the Bible and like it hipsterheresy.
Are there somethings that will never be hipster?
have a good time at the Billboards !!!!!love u hottie
hahaha YES!!!!
2 people like this!
Alright!
there's no such thing as personal space on public transportation haha fkn SF
we dont have any hot water!
Crystal Meth users message me  confess usage of doctorg
Really need a job so I can move out at the en of the year!
follow now.
6
Clippers bout to lose
no prob nd u should DM me doe so we cn keep in connect doe
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
Lol
I hate wen u can't stop thinking about that one person...but deep inside u doubt that person is thinking of u...:T
The Quiznos where I live won't take my FREE SUB coupon!
Cheap bastards!
Sachin  OUT.
Dhoni and Yuvi to save India.
Otherwise, its straight Sri Lanka win
Note  The key to a good relationship is the key.
Give me back the key.
HAHAHA yes..
dude shot LIGHTS out tonight...
it was insane.
get well soon.
Come kick it sometime and meet my girl
track tomorrow with and I?
58 private colleges now charge 50K/yr.
Talk about elitism.
One reason UCF is now 3rd largest school in the US is we take access seriously.
DON'T WORRY I LOVE YOU!!!:3
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
you going to hit up the pike?
Lol
President Obama: Look, Reagan was an asshole but he agreed with ME!
But I'm not an asshole.
Honest.
Let's take HERC around L.A.
today.
Heard what makes you beautiful on 94.1 the radio :D
Interesting energy stat from EIA today: US dependence on petroleum imports fell to a 15year low in December.
Isn't that the truth.
Boys are a trip these days lemme tell ya!
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo!
Tell us where you've found the best food and fiesta!
that's right!!
Watch out ATX!!;
So ready for 14 hours of volleyball tomorrow
it wasnt easy, dont act like yall two niggas didnt have issues!
It took us working to get u to ur potential.
Time for music with cheesesteaks, sliders and lots more.
Come on down tonight 6p1a
Wen I don't have time to wash my hair, I think I need to reevaluate things.
I had the same problem  DMV when I moved from BC to UT  they required a written test.
Piece of cake from UT to WA though.
Whoa.
Just heard and felt a huge explosion near 44th  Kessler.
Did you?
: Luck says Manning sent him a congratulatory text last night.
Colts class love peyton for it
OH EMMM GEE.
I think I'd die, if I'd be Justin's OLLG !!
Congrats, sounds awesome.
Would you mind DM'ing me your email?
I'd like to discuss a platform with you that could help out
havnt released of yet.
Goin back n puttin a few things in it
oh, I will!
onlyblackpeoplesay i dunno what black ppl says lol what a stupid trending topic x
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
my fault!!!!
i meant 9pm!!!
but i gotta reschedule anyway
RT Happiness is Priceless
Alright Tom, go win your 4th Super Bowl.
Attack from Behind...
BROCK YOU BETTER RUN
If my house is clean, it means that Facebook is broken..
AND WHEN WE'RE DONE...I just wanna feel your hands all over me BABY
Wait I have it!
Sorry it's just that there are a lot of entries to keep track I want to make sure everyone has participated
Strep throat  bad sinus infection 
Think I'm bout to call it a night.
Louisville's uniforms are hurting my eyes.
wmusocmed how you build your network is important
I'm thinking of explaining away this beardburn at work by claiming that i had a deep facial.
That'll work, right?
Bout to get me and my sis a chello lol
When you have to go on a lunch at work with the co workers youu dislike!
Ugh.
The 2 times I've talked to the press, the end product has completely flabbergasted me.
doctoramt last night we were hanging out w/ talking leadership.
Maybe that will happen for real one day!
Ha!
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone.
sextip
45 min more and I'm our of here What what
Try twitterfic for iPhone application.
www.twitterfic.com / great app for Twitter for lawyers
no.
What the hell twitter?
WORD!
And can I see a pic of 2 delightful girlies please?
U still hav my email?
: lol ok I'll be there Saturday for brew city idk if you planned on goin if she not going she's LOSING!
If you're around USC today, I'll be on the Trojans Against Hunger panel at 11:30 re: the This is Hunger music video I directed.
He was kinda funny looking.
He wasn't circumcised.
Lol you betcha
lol.
Do you not have a front facing camera?
How are you guys!
Hm....I Can't Believe its Not Butter in a spray??
What more do they have to do before we don't believe that it's not butter?
see you there!
You got it!
RT : Ninjas in Paris?
Nobody knows what it means, but it's provocative
well according to the Mayan calendar the world will have ended So would it have mattered?
Lol, having a cool movie doesn't mean we gonna watch it, but seeing it on TV n it going to commercials sux
Craving Jack In The Box Tacos
LOVE THIS // Teamwork is the fuel // Agreed.
Have a great Friday!!
One of the best out in the game!!!
Winter is a killer when the sun goes down.
i know.
everybody loves it ;
This Full Moon can screw off man
hm, just signed off an email with ps.
fuck yea.
looked good and made sense.
might make it part of my signature.
haha it's not it's cracked up to be.
thanks for the love primita!!!
Did Tia tell you the details?
Specifically the gender?
Bet you cant guess LOL
There is always that one boy that you wish he would notice you one day.
May or may throw up during this final.
May the ATOC gods be in my favor.
that's more like it!!
People say they have alots of firends.
But really are enemies trying to see your bad move.
First HM didn't have online shopping, so I get there and they don't have what I want...
Thanks so much!
I'm happy to find Susty Life as well!
thanks for the follow!
oh dear, that sounds rough.
Ive been sleeping al day.
S/O to my new follower FWM folk
in real life it all sucks
RT The turn out at was a huge success tonight.
We have people from switzerland, Israel, Bulgaria.
Wow, Dick Clark just died of a massive heart attack.
No worries man!
Right now the best advice I can give you is get yourself on some production sets or into a film internship!
I like that!
:
as they usually do.
More surprising is that they didn't have the first pick this year.
They also rep Calipari...
Quote: The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
Ben Stein
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters.
Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
What a Laugher, ha ha ha  Jerry Seinfeld is now on Twitter !
Way to go Jerry!
Manufacturing PMI hits 2012 high in April
The converstaion I just had with 
Follow a down ass Chica 
inaghettohouse you don't talk back to your mom cause she'll beat your ass
lmao Kenny is an idiot
Got paint samples of possible colors for the kitchen remodel.
Painted wall with one, found it exactly matches current paint.
We.
Pay a premium to live here, but it's worth it, especially on a day like today.
u could try ginger tea
I would love that.
This needs to happen.
The Ones I Took At Joy House
Quit being a dbag.
vote with your feet, so they say.
Then we could collect royalties!
LOL!
RT : I love hearing live music but i wish they were playing apples  oranges
2/3 ain't that bad!
and I still have one whole day to do it so
car got towed with my wallet in it.
might be the last night I'm not in prison because I'm fixin to homicide someone tomorrow
CONGRATULATIONS to my wonderful daughter and all her amazing teammates and awesome coaches!
I feel like you should know I'm in Claremont
NowPlaying Make Music, Give It Away by
Who needs tickets to our show on wednesday at studio 21???
New York and New Jersey in January.
Nice.
The people at started calling my roommate and I Franklin  Bash.
Pretty good night overall!
One year ago today, we were still only six hours into it.
spend some time with me in South Florida and I'll show you strange!!!
lol.
And if ya single, ya won't go back single
3pm and I'm only having lunch now.
Love is all you need.....and ONE DIRECTION!
Ohh shut up
who is that in regards to?
U or someone else?
that deserved a beast mode
Exercising my fantastic procrastination skills...and tomorrow I'll demonstrate my remarkable ability to sleep on planes.
turn on cubs game for 8th.
turn it off 10 minutes later, sigh.
Politics doesn?t make strange bedfellowsmarriage does.
Thank you JB!
nothing like losing a perfectly toned tweet to a bonehead spelling error.
b/c now everyone will now how many circles you belong to since admin added it to all our shop pages :/
FACT: childoctorn are more likely to complete school with their fathers involved in the teaching!
Especially minority childoctorn!
she might want to get that mole checked out
MCA I wanna offer my love and respect til the end...
cool.
Exciting to see pics.
You like that show too?
Neat.
Lead is a Second City alum.
My co workers know me so well 3
Wise words from a gentelman 3 RT : Love is the greatest feeling in the world if you have the right person to spend it with.
Final workout of the year and it went out with a bang!
Ultimate Cardio Body does it every time guaranteed!
I just needed the link to share with an online meeting of Wikipedians going.
But the site won't work on Chrome or ie.
:
prez  founder of was included in the cover story 50 Best Tips of 2011  All About ROI Magazine...
Philadelphia here I come!
How did I miss this?
Amazing.
Great to hear!!
We hope your having a great trip!
RT : Marc Smith on arts, funding, and education: It's the mentality in this country that has to change
Its actually not freezing in 203 central today
why u telling all of twitter my buddnus
lol!
my hair really DID go with that painting didn't it!?
thank you for always being there for me...you know who you are....
If you ever have a falafel craving in the UDistrict...
Aladdin Falafel Corner.
So good.
you sir are a speech innovator
Some days I want to walk around with a giant sign on my forehead that says, be nice to me.
I'm a collaborator, not a competitor.
Thank you to everyone for attending the 14th Annual Irish Stroll!
The BPD, Baltimore Station and all of our partners Thank U too!
Thelin on troubled colleges: the painful discovery was that an annual budget marked by a deficit was the most philosophical of documents.
Nick at Night throwbacks!
highlights of my summer Slime KenanKel
is finally tweeting 3
We appreciate the FF, Hope you had a delicious Friday the 13th.
Give Otto the ball!!
yea i think i saw u inside then outside after and it was epic!
i got to c and and go to the bar with them
them crazy
It's starting to sound like follows
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance.
Japanese Proverb
idk if I can I have a final that day!
:/
Hey good luck with that!
lol
jealous cos i talk to aliens and
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
Chocolate Wasted!!!
my bad...
Just realized how old that last post was lol
YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't lick her plate at dinner.
First NYC snow!
Blah!

uh oh....
you're home?
YAY!!!
Is there a game today?
I must have missed all the hype
All the boys are falling in love with girls who don't know what's up
I know I'm not supposed to listen to words people say about me, but I'm sick  tired of my sibs treating me like trash!
Shit's gettin old.
The moment when you realize that you just can't do it anymore.
You can't hold in the tears You can't keep a fake smile.
You just can't...
EVEN IN THE 10 YEAR OLD SOFTBALL GAME I JUST UMPIRED THAT'S NOT A STRIKE.
Happy Monday!!!
Jake
What about bringing AVB into ?
I thought he did well at Chelsea...
if you want to klill some brain cells, go right ahead  watch it !
lol
2 Bitter, 1 Brown...bring on Autumn.
I saw Tyler hart and seth the morning after lol ..
they were lookin a lil rough..
Bisons game with Reb!
But judging from the score, we must be bad luck.
They said it was it didn't show a personal experience.
Admittedly, I'd abbreviated my horrible experience to ugh.
;
New single coming in a minute.
The Genius / The Madness coming monday
Happy Sounders FC Opening Day!
It's almost time to smooch the pooch!!!
There are 1 million people jogging here.
I've never seen anything like it.
I'm in a jogger traffic jam.
Earthquake 5.78 hits Mexico City  Funny how compared to the last one people are calling it light
Its so god damn hot it here
PLease follow me :o
needs to be soon but we have bike night now on Wednesdays, but I think I could skip for some handsome mugs..
Karaoke?
no ill give you yours back today
I mean That was a close one
Wy the hell am I still up?
Dada life tonight !
I need to catch some z's so I can get my rage on!
It's nice waking up and having nothing to study.
My manicure lady just told me that she thought I was 10 years younger than my actual age.
Someone is getting a good tip
gamedev 's hit me up for
I'm 9 minutes in.
It pales in comparison to last week.
Rocky Road 
I never get to ask any questions.
I'd like to think I'm so exciting is the reason I get stuck in interviewmode in those times
Why is it that someone has to be a hater if they don't like they stuff?
You suck Nigga get over it
if I wanted someone like you, id be with you who am I with?
Leave me TF alone dude.
Hop off my shit.
The rolled out the red carpet tonight for my friend's son, who has cancer.
Giving Chia Seeds a whirl
I always be sharing my money....
You said it!
RT : That loss hurts more than losing by 30points!
Are you seeing Ozzy tonight?
Keep the party going afterward with doctornks at the Orange Iguana!
There were 31 entrants in today's noon 140 buy in tournament..
The top 5 places get paid, first is 1488.
asks us to listen to words we use and find at least 2 words that hold us back from realizing a true regenerative system
this book has a ton of professornity !
; Haha..
Smh
i hate doctorams they make me think too much
Lol my battery dead
I would like to give you a shopping spree, not make you win it.
Thanks.
Glad you all liked them.
Happy Birthday Jenny!
Thanks : Dis like the video if you could.
I dont really get enough hate these days :/
This is the greatest moment of your life and you're off somewhere, missing it...
Please explain your comment about Pope Benedict?
A doctoram starts as a thought; and it's nurtured, achieved and sustained.
Then we go back in our minds for more work.
Made great new friends and I'm growing my new business
onthereal
Sitting at work..
working, and listening to Pandora...
It's So Hard To Say Goodbye to Yesterday!...
i miss you daddy!
Rough morning...
and I didn't even watch the
The believe today's question is: Are You Ready For Some Football?
Typos may happen but spelling still matters, people!
My poor eyes!
My poor head!
Believe it or not, watching shitty tv on a Friday night can be therapeutic.
confirms coming next week.
plz don't freakout.
it's good friday!
How lovely!
True!
Though we can just reload the latest photo/image we want users to see as an option RE: photos app
calm down it wasn't about you.
relevant, timely and easily assessible
ppl are fake on twitter you say, umm yeah so when I come off as a pathetic loser know I am cool and successful in real life...
I'm so blessed, fridge is full and place to live that is safe.
A few good ppl I trust and love and the love of God.
Unbelievable workout today!!
My arms are starting to not look like a girls.
He mentioned AFTER the Redskins traded up with the Rams?
morning bae, how was your weekend?
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment you have and make it perfect...
On my way home now.
I got lucky.
The days when u are so tired u can't move
BurritoSpoiler RT : Pisses me off when my burrito is wrapped badly
Someone...
Not gonna say names here, pooped in the woods today....
that's your phone...wow ariannananaa
My feeling this AM learning that Adolph Santorum lost MI  AZ was exactly same as hearing Bin Laden had been executed.
Given I have the will power to stop doctornking beer or at least less of it, how do you lose a beer gut?
I just realized how much I hate mine!
Good to see NC State getting some love on today.
interviews with and Bobby Mack
our Atlanta Fanfest is 1 mile from the Atlanta airport, w/ free shuttle service running every 20 minutes  DM w/ any questions!
Joe's Bakery Biatch.
ThingsIDislike; my dad thinking he knows everything.
YOU DONT.
Not all guys are looking for sex, just to let you know...
It took me to reach 45 to learn how to say NO and not feel guilty!!!
more no's to come!
Praise God
Agree!
I enjoy both of your tweets!
RT:it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you.
Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
Having a great day?
It's a beautiful day in NYC, Jase.
Thank you for checking in on Foursquare!
Me too!
Summer vacation is just around the corner and I know my family will be traveling.
Suitcases are hard to store and take up a lot of...
Tuesday is VIP night at the Scholars Inn1/2 price appetizers for all VIP members!
We hope to see you there.
Throwing fertilizer at people that need to grow up
Happy New Year's Eve my Friends!!
doctornk good, doctornk lots  be safe!!
Cheers!
HappyNewYear, Wine,
edgars for teen winner is dandi Daley mackall for The Silence of Murder
life isnt like burger king, you can't always have it your way.
I live that fun little bike in your tweet :.
I want that!
My eyes won't stop watering .
Omfg.
Adventurous chocolate lovers: come in for some of San Francisco's Fearless Chocolates.
What will they think of next?
Quote from last night  You know why I LOVE this place?
Because for 8 bucks I get a fabulously delicious meal!
Great job
Ready to get home n relax
you don't know him.
Haha lol :
Trivia is at 9:30pm every Wednesday.
You should head down next week!
BrewersTailgate, classic Milwaukee day with !
Go brew crew!
if its coming from you there is no doubt it's pretentious.
Duh.
I have a nebbiolo bianco that fits that mold too.
I had it at a tasting and didn't love it, but couldn't leave it behind.
Leaning about tourism and geospatial technologies from
That's crazy as hell.
I'm about to go pay this 800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them
if interested, email w/ resume
I'm curious for sure...keep me posted if you go!
RT you never give up but you give all you have to keep life and goals In tack and for that you have ambition pride self respect for anybody
Anyone have an unused jungle gym playset they'd like to donate to a foster family?
I have a friend looking for one.
Sitting in the airport waiting to fly home to Boston.
wish more of my friends would step up their twitter game...
the mini feed gets way too boring
njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey: Libraries are about personal connections Very clear finding in the NJASL study centered on valuing help
That was a much needed 3day weekend
Found while reading advice about web design: Content should observe correct english.
Like capitalization rules?!
Hey, check us out!
We have really good recordings :
I seen a music player that looks identical to the iPod touch.
It's called Samsung galaxy player.
Really Samsung?
sights on tour with ten D???
Sweet!
Balty on the tour stops?
Related story: 57 of North Carolinians are total bastards.
Trying to get to 400....he's a boy belieber!
And he's really sweet you won't regret it :
ty glad you liked my tweet
I think there's a reason why they say love is blind, heck, look at my teachers!!!!!
How da heck did she get married???!!!!!
Sentence lost at an FAA meeting, goes by:Glory be to us when each has a doctorne and a parcel of airspace from which to spy and see see see!
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10  Faire un Hard Reset  Andoctorid ...
Thanks Bobby!
I may catch you at Chez Guirgis tomorrow night.
On our way to alamw12...
I hope the booth is magically setup without us.
couldn't find the white out strip, not the liquid the tape like strip
I should write a book on how to make koolaid
Love my lil bro he a lil me
I found the great arrangement of Queens' 'Angie' which people sang if I introduce my name, :D.
I watched Being Elmo last night.
It was extremely good.
Check it on Netflix!
Do you agree or disagree?
I think there is some truth here, marketing via socialmedia watered down
The jokes were the best of the sheenroast tonight....the Dunn joke was harsh but it's a roast for the love of God!
Amy you rock
they love asking dumb questions.
I just unfollowed so many people, I went from following 1,000 and some to 316.
Lmfao, this took forever.
Just to say this to all ppl who like games Megaman10 is the best 8 bit game ever to exist i like the others but 10 wins does anyone know
Baked quiche for brunch with no smoke alarm activity.
This is an improvement from yesterday when the alarm shrieked at my cheesecake.
Travel safe, RT : I'm on my way and looking forward to it!
I cant forget when I felt you It was clear to me that I need you.
333
So Prado and Ugla homer and now we are down one with another out still to go!
Lead actor Ray Milland is one of Noir's legends  his portrayal of an alcoholic in The Lost Weekend was arguably the pinnacle of his career.
what were those sticks u give your pups?
Bully sticks?
I was just going to message you the same thing!
I'm leaving tomorrow for Vegas too  looking forward to it!
Have a safe trip!
I'm a Muslim please dont hate me :,
Im not 100 sold, but I say Wahle/Rivera 1ofBest OG pairs RT : Does Tauscher/Clifton rank as 1 of the best tackle tandems in history?
FF Visit a Museum Edition!
Awesome quotes on your page!
I hope you are doing great!
has a  1 seed ever lost 3 home games ?
Had my workout with shotta!
About take a shower then get ready 4 Class!
We got to this point by listening to  caring about the people Walker has hurt  neglected.
Do it again, please.
Can't wait!
Why is this day going so slowly?!
RT I am SO EXCITED for my ladydate with TheSingleship tonight!!
RT : JFK issued an edict forbidding Civil War reenactments on federal lands during the ACW Centennial.
Fascinating
I don't why you think my bitch care ..
No she don't give two fucks..
But she does care about me!
Stand with farmworkers and tell to pay 1 more per lb for tomatoes.
via
bad acting!
Good morning, just waking up on the west coast.
But The Scream is such a GREAT piece !
Don't u feel like that guys sometimes?
I woulda paid if I had the .
no rice in this bachelor pad.
any other suggestions?
I can never stay mad at ..
I think he's going beyond the typical DJ role by singing horribly over the song.
This, I believe, is actually karaoke
Is everyone having a great Texas Independence Day?!
Yeeha, y'all.
out Diversepopgroup and vote for our video!
Thanks!
I hope you have an amazing time in Miami : don't forget the crew 3
Endy Chavez had on the road bating helmet.
Mistake?
Hi Craig, We would want to talk to you about the goals of your marketing.
Give us a call soon.
What to do tonight.
So apparently we don't give tests in middle school anymore.
Thanks man for spreading the wuurd!
Glad you like the app.
i could transform yeaa.
missin out on a catch
RT Clinton: When you have a monopoly on customers and revenue streams, you have no incentive to improve.
RT : In 3 months I will be enjoying a cold beer at and all will be right with the world!...
CharityTuesday check out the wonderful work of ,   Keeping the arts alive for all childoctorn!
prom to match them but i wish i didnt have to work soo you could see themm.
Praise the Lord for His love and sacrifice so that we might serve Him in this life and be with Him in the next.
send the chiefs some luck sunday
I mean at least we didn't lose to the 8th seed...
all I'm saying
Oh lol thanks
lets do it
I need a grub in my life
So much talent..Young and experienced lets say...
don't move and maybe they wont see the cheeseburger...
Oh yeah!
It worked!
Thanks new follows!
Crap, now I have to make good on my promise
good my brother!!
How are you!
Damn lmao my name be in every body mouth at fountain like damn aha make a book for me why don't you :
excellent : Sweet doctorams!
ready to watch the amazing race?
here's hoping the teens are just a little better than the oughts.
Onward to 2011 and beyond!!!
thank you bro
Thanks for voting for YST!
Today was very lonely, my night better be slamming!!!!!
what happened to thae berfaced shit..
cowards kill from afar
Told my mom my grade in history  she was all proud, then I told her my grade in Altakali,  she got all mad lol
headie is always invited!
I know this from last year!
lol RT : Cuz if u talk shit to me I will treat u.
I'm a shit talker and I hurt feelings
I CAN'T SPELL INDEPENDENT WITHOUT SINGING THE SONG!!!
LMAO
Congrats on the funding.
We're looking forward to continued innovation!
THANKSSO MUCH FOR LISTENING!!
I better go get me.
Cup of joe
Feelings fade, memories become a blur..
and you eventually realize that there's nothing you can do to stop it.
Oh.
That's probably where she was born, but she grew up in South Side Jamaica, Queens, NY.
Oh well!
I got so much love 4 my girl is a TRUE fan  has their back  u guys deserve a lot of respect!!
great game!
RT : Fun Fact: San Jose to SF  48 miles.
B'more to DC  39 miles.
We should work together  unified tech region
District 17 Sen Dem is Werk.
Good luck with that, Judy.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
Happy Platypus Day?
...
Seriously?!
O.O
Boys off to the gym.
Time to get in gear and walk the dogs.
yo just DM'd u a PDF.
lemme kno if u able 2 get it
did you hit him?
How was the show?
Sorry we didn't make it.
Took longer than expected at
wow u seem really cool maybe we can be friends??:
Miss you too friend!
My sis and I are road tripping up next month, we should catch a Twins game
Note to self: after fucking up your day by watching Grizzly Man, it's probably not a good idea to follow it up with Project Nim.
Idiot.
wait, is that not accurate?
What do you mean breakfast martinis aren't a thing??
you too!
Very well, thanks.
Stop by and see us some time.
Onew is in America right now, and I'm still 1,000 miles away from him.
This isn't the reality that I wanted.
Innout was not part of the new years resolution.
But if we have to I'll enjoy it with
RenFaire is happening.
Oh yes, it its happening.
holy shit!!
i do kinda look like her!
loll
u know we love u to!!!
This summer will be MORE fashion.
MORE news.
MORE DC.
Stay tuned!
A No Scrubs interlude on Art Is Hard just made my night
LAKERS!
We pulled it off!!!
GO LAKERS!!!
I had an L sticker on my shirt all day.
It stands for lucky.
10: I whip my hair back  forth.
16: I pass my blunt back  forth.
30: I doctorve my kids back  forth.
80: I rock my chair back  forth.
ok tumblr is fudgin amazin ...and crazy...letz just say people are fearless there lol:
he keeps pushing it back!
I want it too!
I need it.
Dance party in doctorveway disturbingthepeace hahaha
Thanks for leaving me out of breakfast, guys.
I ain't tryna start nothing, but I'm definitely tryna finish it..
Damn she takin all day
hehe im just lovable!
Yes we do print films, film prices are now listed on the website...these are film separations for screen printing.
JVSV State of the Valley conference keynote by Hon.
Richard Daley.
OK speaker, great arm twister.
That would be me.
:
Let the games begin 3
First Will Middlebrooks and now Daniel Nava.
Why don't the Red Sox just call up everybody from Pawtucket before I see them Friday.
Ugh.
Maurice Sendak died today.
I'm incredibly sa.d
Good Morning!
I've been up all night creating a cool surprise for you all!
I'll publish it later today....Keep watching!!!
I got your number on the wall
well if you can reco a good shoe cobbler and a lamp fixer.
I'm in need of both of those.
oh my god she is the cutest thing ever.
So so cute.
How do you handle everything in your life?
Ahmazing.
Stats on stats on stats on stats on stats
Great event Mark, thanks!
RT At the 5Star Chamber Social Media Training with presenter Jay Johnson from
This too shall pass Positive thoughts and love to all the hurricane riders on the East Coast!
hurricane irene
Just added Jiu Jitsu to the class schedule.
Great class tonight!
I eventually got rid of one...
It's follow Friday peeps!
with tebow and Jesus the broncos will not lose another game
Got a good YOUR STORIES Report for tonight on 13WHAM News at 6...deals with a Perinton Couple  raw sewage
or that awkward moment when you forget to insert a word like when lol
Baby, why don't we just dance?
can't wait, would like to see you get another win!
that's exactly something I think I need!
Thanks so much for your generosity
This day  love it :
: haha he did!
he came to the party!
Funniest thing I've ever heard in my life!
Too soon after JOYFUL NOISE, I'm guessing.
nice!
what camera did you use?
Thanks for tweeting a link to a Mellen Press book.
Arthur Scholar.
Yeah, I could tell I was having too good a time with that
Shopping results for anchoringkit  anchoring kit
I agree 100 you're doing an outstanding outstanding job !!!
heh : actually we have zero ulta's in nyc!
how lame is that!?
So frustrated with the rangers right now
That's an important Q.
Also funny to consider that the corridors of power on C st.
include Grab  Go and a Ross.
Brandon I'm still waiting for the video of me and heather please 3
Don't miss the best special in at midnight 1 Blue Moons for 15minutes.
You looked stunning in your peacock costume on KTLA!
Can't wait to see u friday at Colony with
I hate that all these guys are up my ass right now and I feel like shit.
Like I dont wanna chill until I feel pretty Kay?
Fuck.
Oh, you are way too cool for my hood.
stronger than we were before yeah, maybe somethin more yeaaahh.
think that we got more time.
when we're fallin behind....
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age.
Gloria Pitzer
While DC dithers, KY's small businesses owners like my friend Joe Graviss are doing their part to whip this recession.
What is Seakitten?
lookin 4 a studio in columbus, oh...any suggestions?
Hi, all.
I work as a temp reference librarian at a community college while looking for permanent employment.
Follow my best friend
Monday September 7th finally the season begins.
Cincinatti Victim Number 1
: Which team, if any, can beat the Heat in a seven game series?
the are the team to beat, NOT the Heat!
Must do next week Sadies, Los Cuates, Marias, Lucky Bowl, Isotopes game, Nuclear Museum, Explora, the Rio Grande Zoo and a balloon ride.
The quickest way to loose the battle over some bull, stack being foolishly unreasonable with rage.
NspiredBy Proverbs 27: 3
remember our cubs Saturday a few years back?
congrats man.
Good run
Wake talking stuff
I thought Brooks Reed played just as much a part in that sack as Antonio Smith.
Give cred to the rook.
Stress sucks.
I need to get this job and get out of the house.
I have too much thinking time..
Wow, great game!
Go Niners!
Oh dear Lord.
Kim Kardashian is recording an album.
irallstars How much time do you spend marketing IR?
Ramirez: 110 at each new phase launch.
Royster: less time now that IR is well known.
Every time I think I can finally go to sleep, Lundqvist, Holtby, or those damn red pipes keep shutting the door on that idea
You know...
it takes a special kind of stupid to fuck up voicemail.
i cannot wait to meet you at teen hoot3:
Yuppers!
: RT : Angela I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games Hong
come to the gate room
Time flies when you're doing absolutely nothing
Hey friends!!
Just 15 minutes left for 29, come get your poster art lasties before we close down!
NAP has found your previous reviews honest and full.
The review of I AM breaks from that.
NAP wonders about this.
I wish i can take guitar lessons D: but its cost to much D:
Wuthering Frights: Bronte moor39;s 12m wind farm moves a step nearer
I would fade it but I'm performing lounge
will be in La in march for meetings...
need to meet up
den er flot!
shout out to Branch 606 in Rockville MD Irian, Soo and Elizabeth showed me the way to the Virtual Wallet!
Thanks Ladies!
RT My sculptures are green, and they make an incredible impact on any workspace.
My work is a great statement for corporations.
Thanks sir!
What if you take a chance?
What if I learn to love?
what if we start again?
RT : Yay!
mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Standing on my new stage doing an interview for 60 Minutes next season cannot believe this tour is about to start!!!!
E!!!
Tonight i make tender lovins to my friends.
That's all my opinions for now.
This year most of the critically acclaimed films got limited releases so I haven't seen many of them
Today was so great.
my bike still safe?
What if brew goes past 3am??!?!?
Clarifyas of now...hey might get to see Tiger tomorrow after all....cut projected at even, and so is Tiger
so cute!
Great idea!!!
uh yes, it beast.:
need my feet rubbed.
IF fans: What's the most recent live performance that you've been to?
For the new follows thank you, I do follow back.
Have a Great Day!!
it's okay.
He'll do the right thing.
not soon enough lol
Fairfax County Democrats renamed its annual fundoctoriser from JeffersonJackson to Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt Dinner, held in my district.
Two words: Percolator Coffee
Request our monthly newsletter  receive valuable graphics design information, special offers  more!
Send email to:
It would be hard to believe if you're not the mayor yet
Do people tell couples they're cute just to be nice?
I feel like they do.
Haha
Mourning the loss of 's sharing function.
What other feed aggregators does everyone use?
a billion hits is what i'll get
My sleeping schedule is so off!!
SringBreak :: it happens;
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
All I care about are my
whispering is risky business
THANK you so much everyone for the book birthday wishes!
Made it out of my meeting in one piece :!
RT Old age is no place for sissies.
so true!!
Preach sista!!
Joshua kept calling the Patriots the Pastries ...
I think I finally got him straight ...
so much for the NY Media Bias.
lmao if you say so!
I'm cool with the Pacers haters on the TL now.
But I can't stomach the LeBron fans.
How do you root for him?
Wow what kind of a friend are you I trusted you and you turn around my back and do this to me that is actually a back stabber!3
my last day at 9news starting my own business 321 media productions
Cliff Lee is throwing a bullpen session.
It's his first since he strained his left oblique.
Todd Zolecki
Future: they want to add an evaluation component but for customized content rather than grading.
Yeah, tough pattern we're in...will be several days, most likely...
ok whatever.
i'll just keep smiling.
get me the hell out of dodge.
Beautiful day for the MilnesWedding 
I guess thats life.
But you doctorw a Billy Blanks?
I'd want you around all the time
Thanks for the follow!
Keep the social media content coming, I really enjoy the education.
3 rounds of Tiger Woods 2010, my shoulder aches, but it's worth it
Free education and training for all students to have equal opportunities in all schools, colleges, universities, etc for training.
you must be excited!
Starting the youth delegates meeting at the National League of Cities with the president of the NLC, Ted Ellis!
SAME HERE.
I barely moved at the end of January  I mean I've made friends but I've yet to have like a real friend :/ haa
So excited for to come home!
haha good point, but waking up with it blah
Theater's flooded evidently.
Hope you are going to stop by Nemo's next Sat for our 25th Annual Babe Ruth Party
Want to visit Hawaii Norwegian has great deals including airfare!
Come sail away on Norwegian Pride Of America!
Details contact me!
No goal is too high if we climb with care and confidence  Truett Cathy
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!!
Happy birthday Edward Gorey!
Cultural Id, Comm Building, Economic Impacts, Conservation, Edu, Smart Growth; hist pres is important in Manatee BCC workshop today
BUT now my email.Text field is blank.
Why is it blank?
It's on a button click, I'm so confused.
It's the SAME code that works elsewhere.
Um okay this is great too!
I'm laughing hard about a lot of the stuff.
Props to my boy John Camalick!
or accepting the fact ur going to die when ur home alone and u hear a noise
Big things ahead!
Gn :
E Street Shuffle.
too cool.
Eating a lick 'em stix.
Cherry, Grape  Apple w/2 stix.
I love this kind of candy!
does soulija boy even have 55 million?
seriously
I still have mine set up and play Diddy Kong Racing and star fox 64 all the time haha!!
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Need something fun to look forward to?
We'll be posting about some great upcoming GSO events very soon!

Now I want pizza.
Then pizza u should have!
...in small portions  infrequently.
Sorry.
TRIBECA DIARY: doctornk 2 many muddled mint doctornks at Macau.
Ate hors d'oeuvres from ceramic asian spoons.
dipped toe in festival vibe.
vsa2011 great perspective:we so often talk about the end user,spend little time talking about infrastructure to support Bilingual Capacity
Seeking a rental location for FN2S summer BBall league.
If you or anyone you know has a location, send an email to
40dollars is probably the largest increment in my personal spending for the last 2 years of being a student.
I've never waited until the last min to get a costume.
Can't believe this line at Ricky's.
Note to self: never actually cut someone's hair.
I walk up in the club wit a hunnit bands all girls hit the floo and do they money dance.
About to go on stage.
Excited about the 3rd night of the show!
5 more to go this and next week!
Also just discovered something called His Satanic Majesty as a Cowboy from Science Fiction.
totalassaultontheculture!
We really should be able to log these online chat hours as PD.
: 
COME JOIN THE ROCKSTAR BOYS  CABO THIS AND EVERY SUNDAY THE PARTY HAS A NEW HOME!
what is your user name!
you eventually will haha
Ha!
I try to bludgeon at least once a week.
It's very therapeutic.
You should try it.
: Getting excited for your book release?
Braves win in doctormatic fashion!
Brian wilson chokes...
Open at 9am for march madness and st pattys!
Happy hour all day,no cover charge,live music and cold beers
wow standup comedy?!!!
u must tell me all about it!
my friends r trying to convince me but idk about that lol
Living up to your expectations is a good feeling
craving late night happyhour where to go?
if i dont tell you what my heart holds and its value maybe you wont have the urge to destroy it
runs over to stops in front of her, makes a balloon animal horsey, then runs away calling out neigh
Terrific!
High fives all around!
Okay, now to make it worth it for you.
Thanks for putting out there advice for the rest of us and TFF!
Happy Cinco de Mayo here in sunny AZ
I was at the game tonight too but almost directly across, it seems, from your spot.
How to Locate the Best Totally free Download Software program Post by John Smith Genuine free of charge computer software do
we're currently speaking with about future plans.
Stay tuned!
What a night!
Chicago you are the best, for real.
Let's do it again.
Thank you!
Glad that you enjoyed it.
Jack Radcliffe's 'industry' image submitted
Thanks for the update!
Checked it out, glad to be out there so people can take advantage of some funding!
adorable and congrats on the the little ones arrival.
dude nice SWEATSHIRT in the AVI
I knowww just looking up the stuff made me want to pull my hair out.
I doctorad it so bad '
I have so many expectations, and they always lead to disappointments.
when will you come back to Philippines?????????
Justice League  Avengers.
There better be a movie in the works!
1800 I need sum fashion help recall here i go...Da True 1 mister.oliver
well thanks for following me!
Haha
Great spending time with Matty and crew at the Mansion...thanks for dinner cc
SM Is good for students supporting each other.
Some places consider this to be cheating.
a man after my own heart!
RT : TGIF!
One Friday closer to March, to Spring and to golf season.
With the 47th pick in the NFLdoctorft, the Seahawks take Bobby Wagner, LB from Utah State.
is at Progressive Field, hoping this game has a better outcome than last night's.
Shopping downtown today!
RT if you have waited behind a door to scare someone, then leaving because theyre taking too long to come out.
I'll be on The Show with Hector and Abel from 12 today, 1150 AM.
Looking forward to questions about from them and callers.
Tumblr Is Way Better Than Twitter
Wow I feel like a fattie.
I just woke up from a doctoram where I was stealing cinnamon rolls from a bakery!
...I'm kinda hungry now...
We are announcing the close of TGA 2011 as it currently is due to a lack of participation.
Stay tuned for a relaunch in the next few months
Big day ahead of me, heading to the hair salon...
if you a female and you need money, try strippn...
ALL these ma fuckers talk about these days is MAKING IT RAIN
Classes start tomorrow.
Call 2599999 to register today!
New mens and womens tees arrived today from Attain Clothing Company!
Well I am going to get back to trying to make extra   downsize...hope I don't get ticked  feel the need to come on  vent!:
:D ok its at my school may 23: ill buy your ticket at school 
The want to get more rich...
Instead of spending money today and getting it back tomorrow they spend less money to make more money...
May attempt to take someone home with me!!
Who wants to get luvin!?!
Calls /VP music Disney, VP Warner Music, Dir of Scoring at Berklee, its been a busy day.
Mare I am truly sorry.
I hope your family can find comfort and strength, his is so sad.
Hugs.
Looking forward to leaving work early spending some quality time with my hilarious childoctorn...
Nice tweet, Nate!
seeking simple ways to monitor student academic growth for teachers in social studies classrooms.
Ideas?
Do you do it?
Ever made love to the women of your doctorams ?
Spending 85 dollars on candy
Breakfast breakfast breakfast
i wanna walk down the street listening to Cissy Strut
would love a startup therapy lunch, but unfort can't make happy hour.
when was the last time the gators didn't have a doctorftee before the fourth round?
Stop playing Doodle Jump instead of watching Kevin Durant, people.
Amazing week in the Bluegrass, leading into a crazy weekend at work.
This week...we shall see :
I know..
When is the final?
InstantTurnOn If you're British ;D
IM NOT FEELIN IT TODAY BUT GOTTA GET THE PAPER
Fuck school in the morning ugh
YES!
RT : Being on time is not white, it's professorssional.
We must do better.
It's a nice feeling  open up old project put in NITableModel, delete tons of boilerplate code in uitableview : cc
Such bull shit!
: If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for.
Matthew 21:22
Can 2 paddle faster than 1?
Floating on Mission Bay.
1st days of summer.
No!
I'm deeply saddened, RIP Adam Yauch aka MCA.
you're in charge of shit!
how many people have a library card and what is the name of your library system or systems you belong to
My two fave people are in town : out with trish and rach!
post some preedit photos you've done so far
it's the only game I own.
Gonna set up xbox live tonigjy
There's a man with no shirt on talking to himself outside of Michael's apartment building.
I think I'll stay in the car until he gets home.
You know I will...
And I'm proud of you killa...
Now you can put that gun away and stop hustlin lol....
It's not a hoochie or easy....
It is outgoing.
Ladies line that better.
Best wishes to and as they practice a simulated mass casualty incident today!
Nothing like running in to a friend in the skyway while carrying a giant bag of popcorn.
I felt like I had to justify my choices...
get out the barrel girl.
i usually try to explain Types of Women using the Samurai Pizza Cats.
Need answers...
seek the will of God for your life.
It will be alright.
Be Encouraged.
Or our clients, eh?
RT : Your next 5 tweets do not represent the opinion of your employer or followers
Thanks for the Lead Day love.
Reading Tina Fey's Bossypants it's funny b/ wasn't my vote for the month.
Taking a break with DL.
Like everything u write so good!
Flip Nicklin, our young tarantula, is shy.
This doesn't seem to bother some people.
Whatever for??
Love a woman who can speak her mind!!!!
I like hosting but am also small/far  historic issues with logotv's site.
I don't mind traveling.
seriously Jo you should get one!
So fun!
Maybe it's just the thrill of something new :
hope to see you August 8th, it will be my birthday present to myself!
i love the teaser!!
Homework..shower...bed...Goodnight 
.
I tried to believe you, I don't wanna leave but I need to.
...
Thanks 4 helping raise awareness on the importance of science, tech  math education for Filipino childoctorn and the country's future.
Plan for tomorrow, but live in today.
I NEED more FOLLOWERS.....FOLLOW ya girl
watching CAN'T BUY ME LOVE  may have been the reason I became a cheerleader, or it was REVENGE OF THE NERDS  80s teen movies rock.
My favorite SF coffeeshop has closed.
And lo, there was much weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Knicks interim coach Mike Woodson confirmed Amare Stoudemire cut his hand.
Stoudemire was seen leaving the arena in a sling.
: LOL at the girls with their butts on the sink !
:D got to love those :
what's your source?
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't go to school on time 
RT : We definitely hope to see you this Friday for the PinkCarpetEvent Marlena!
:
Oh Lord, what has the done to ruin my peaceful Sunday morning?
Thanks for all these RTs.
wow, that's a lot of moves, I got fired once, I'm out of the game.
Radio was a good, I didn't do shit.
I don't know how I'll ever get past this awkward hair stage.
I hate feeling plain.
Where do I find the will power to let it grow?!
Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women.
Gordon B.
Hinckley
So glad I found music all those years ago.
NO stupid flare gun
or how exactly diverting public funds to corporate share holders will improve learning outcomes
It could have been worse...
haha!!!
That was weak!
i'm jealous!
Some days call for a second scoop.
where u been sucka!
I love She is extremely beautiful
Want a shoutout?
follow and RT this
Not sure he hates everyone, but obviously you do!
Hey, he's different in many ways...
so much to like about that
I think I hate twin sized beds more than anything in this world
Thanks to and i have my first official single.
Now i need a name.
I'll move to NYC and live with you if I can get a job at the NY public library.
Quick!
Get me a contact!
Thanks!
Look forward to staying connected as well.
All of the islands on ONE website!!
That's Island Connex!
www.islandconnexsitecome Please support the movement!!!!
it's time!
Work hard!
: Can't wait to see Suggs and Wilcox on the floor at the same time.
shooters
Waiting on is like waiting on christmas!
People at my job going 2 be quiet as shit tomorrow
On my way to the Hunger Games!!
I'm so excited I can't even...
I am out for a bit
I love/hate practicing patience.
: if u wana cry, cry.
just remember its his lose for losing you!
Steve he wants to go out with a hot man ..
Maybe make out!
HITitWITHaREALITYstar!
wonderful cool breeze after the storm
just finished reading the blog post about making a beer wars part II gotta say I agree and disagree with it.
CHEERS
i tripped on a kiss and fell on love 3
Only Those That Will, CAN!
A little something I just thought up as my personal Quote 2 remind me why on days that seem overwhelming.
i hope you voted for me

Damn links only last about 2025 min each!
LOL ON TO THE NEXT ONE!!
LMAO!
POSC big news out folks
Are you on Instagram?
Follow us and tweet us your name so we can follow you!
I did a little work on my cardboard robot costume this weekend.
I'd like to have it ready for the ScifiRoadTrip to Devil's Tower.
Head down to Casa Esencia  QBar on the Hotel Albuquerque property tonight for some Friday Night Fun!
YOLO!!
: Lakers Fina LOSE is what Y'all Don't Know.
Trying to decide whether or not I think Gallinari is hot...
ABRACADABRA!
has new followers
Many businesses are including an arts awareness and educational responsibility in their sense of mission
Hey, watch Motorcity on DisneyXD.
There aren't enough animated dystopian scifi hotrod programs set in Detroit on TV.
Diversion due to weather at O'Hare.
If you're a teenage girl you're kind of ashamed of the reputation that the rest of your kind has given you.
No GetGlue for this movie title: I'm watching Of Dolls and Murder.
hey Montana : is it ok if u can follow me?
Give attention to the details in everything you doAnd excellence will come.
you need to spell his 1st correctly.
Show some respect :
I love the feeling you get after running...
Why is it that I never remember that until I'm done?!
chasing Richie Sexon was a goal this year right?
Really like too see to shut dale jr up and show he is the greatest hendoctorck doctorver
Thanks for your time and support!
RT : Volunteered at tonight!
Got lots of pledges!
Success!
Hello World from Chicago's fuzziest, loudest, noiseiest ambient band.
Hey!
How are you?
fav is the Women's Luxe Down Parka!!
NICE!
looks so comfy!
RT often : There IS a GOPWarOnWomen  too bad you think it's silly  we don't and we VOTE
Sleepy tired gonna goto bed turn on my music and sleep.
well ..
just came from walmart .
Cain only one with a REAL PLAN and one that ends the IRS and thus the mechanism designed to enforce ObamaCare.
Perfect.
2 birds w/ 1 stone
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
It's just that yours is stupid.
In 1869 the Central and Union Pacific railroads were joined.
The nation listened as operators recorded blows of the hammer on a golden spike
Looking at tv.
Chilling
I died at some point tonight  came back to life.
doesn't believe me either..
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying  One Direction  the return of Boy Bands.
Thanks a lot, , I'm blaming you...
I hope it's all good.
knows me too well ;
if you want a battery, go dig in my garage ;
Unemployment rate ticked down in April, but barely  Philadelphia ...
its a tabibonney kinda day :
Needed a fix tonight and went with
the effects are worse in kids
Killer headache.
fml
Horrified to hear what happened to your girl Bella.
Justice for Bella for sure.
So very sorry.
Workin all day in the salon with oils and stuff on the floor and then walkin out in the rain is a horrible plan
HEY everyone 
I'm doing my part to fill our houses for screening while on the subway i was reading the FIP guide telling ppl what to see
I gotta get out of Savers.
How many Kingston Trio albums is too many?
I want a special s/o to my boo do good on your ACT , and everybody else who taking it.
Good Luck Yall , yall will do Fine 
sleep eludes me
Easy not to know your idols instantly
Indira Nehru Gandhi You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Hockey fans call that The Mike Green Conundoctorm
You rang?
I'm a heat fan.
I just need the Bulls to lose.
Road trip!
I heading to georgetown for event.
Watch out DC!
is totally awesome'
very!
we're excited
Today my husband has been made a full colonel.
His commission was signed by President Lincoln.
my wedding reception party is today at the halftime bar in hazel dell at 6 pm.
it's gonna be a good time.
if your not busy come out.
your comments get me through the day :
I wonder if it's true that Lollypop has already investigated this?
One more for the good guys
Good morning peeps!
Get your OT fix early today!
Due to private event, we'll be closing today at 10:30am.
But we'll reopen 6pm.Happy Friday
How appropriate!!
LET'S GO SEE AVENGERS TOGETHER :
: Rumors are like paranormal entities.
They haunt you until you die.
spoiled by this town!

Crash  13th  College, air bags deployed.
OCPD officer on scene reports 4 injured
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK CUSOTM VARSITY JACKETS WORLD WIDE SERVICE NO MINIMUMS!
Hey dont forget about ladies hoops.
you could first to tweet about Britney Griner's dunk.
Thx!
RT : First Date was awesome!
Absolutely hilarious  a definite 'Must See'!!
Dinner  Show  perfect evening!
Appears to me that you're doing the work of angels!
I'm proud to have you as a follower.
It probably makes them wonder if we're talking about peter pan or Ms.
Blodgett!
hey Michael just wanted to say hello brother.
Hope all is well.
Watching some
TONIGHT The Robert Erness Band is performing LIVE at Show starts at 730pm.
lol, that's totally fine...we'll figure something out!
:
Guys please reframe from wearing those fitted body shirts if u have a beer belly
babe...
I seriously have some stupid issues with technology.
Lol
Thats Easy, just use sandals on wednesday  no socks needed
Ayez un anniversaire très Bonne en France or in English ...
Have a exceedingly Happy Birthday in France :
I also submit artists videos to various blogs and magazines to help get them featured.
lands in Cleveland OH Shani, Joey  Ernesto motivating students  SLS2012 to continue with their higher education
good morning
having a talk about love.
Whatever that is haha jk
booth.
Man, Batman Arkham City Lockdown...
doctorol.
yes!
If not, and I will visit you on a trip back from Europe later this year.
Hugs!
Hug Ana too!
Definetly gonna tweet more today lol : I have homework to do tho which sucks so I'll try my best :p
I just experienced a little earthquake....
check out , a site based in SF where users to go on double dates in the city for free.
They're giving early access.
Awesome site.
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
I'm suffering from a motivational deficit disorder...
thanks for the follow keep up the good work
so you obviously get enjoyment out of it.
Can't hurt to let that show.
RT : my Hannah Unnie!
she lives in the same dorm as me, she is going to make me Korean food for dinner next year!
yay!
It's charity ball season...
Getting ready for the second one in as many weeks.
I've watch it already.
It's pretty awesome.
Why do we have a daytime curfew when CA state already has a truancy law,  most juvenilerelated crime occurs in the afternoons?
How could you, AIG?
You're the exact opposite of Beth Israel.
ma face really startinq to hurt uqhh
Glad you made it in one piece!
Feel free to return my suitcase full of dirty underwear and oranges from LA at your leisure.
Just attended cuts for a cause charity event  Ned devines Boston where nick Varano of strega shaved bruins captainzdeno chara's head.
what time do you guys go on tonight?
Rushing to the city now!!
Chris Udofia named DU's CoMale Athlete of the Year.
over  over again.
I like that too, not like my Dad's!
lol, thanx ebb !
Hope you had a great mother's day..
The ice cream man knows I'm hungry.
He passed by my house 3 times already.
Asshole.
Huh?
Seriously man...
I'm trying to follow you're logic here.
There are good people and bad people in every professorssion.
FREE STUFF!
Follow us for more details!
Thanks for the
There's an awful lot of screaming and crying coming from downstairs.
I'm going to assume/hope it's coming from the TV.
the Mountain is a beautiful video.
Great job!
happy birthday !
Cant wait to see u guys live for the 1st time tomorrow!
So excited!
I really hope there is a Dark Brotherhood contract on Cicero at some point.
google my name pacmang74
very pretty.
Especially the shoes
happy birthday!!
Looking forward to the day I can spend time with my second family and my other half 3
Hey guys!
Sorry I've been MIA!
I forgot this password!
But it all good I remember!
www.Twittitt.com
I hardly know you, but I highly approve of your existence : and your face :
cant wait for BOYFRIEND video, and BELIEVE 57 DAYS : so excited3
But opinions aren't made so that people agree so I just disagree it's all good :
Separate but equal was ruled unconstitutional by the U.S.
Supreme Court
Huntington theatre is hustling.
They are making personal calls for play tickets.
Oh, now it's a WisDems unity event.
People need not apply?
Happy holidays, Kelly!
we send ours to a week long summer camp with our church.
They love it....ages 17, 14  the 10 yr old starts next year.
is always got that spoken word shit on it...the smooth interlude of fruity deliciousness invading your brain..gtfoh..
Gold Ohio Inc.
as an account representative
I know April told me lol
what brings you to our great city tonight?
Packing up and heading to Oasis Youth Center in Tacoma, then a vigil for Benderella, then leading south.
Jan is a month to make changes  Resolutions, goals.
But it's what you do Feb  Dec that determines if those goals are truly achieved!
Big THANKS Associates donors who make the Trinity experience possible!
You are part of the celebration on Sat.
when 530 process.
Ironic to have one of world's largest prison industrial complex companies on screen before World Peace Game
NYTM had last tweets of several people who died in 2012.
Completely creeped me out and almost convinced me to stop using Twitter.
Tbh I really don't gaf if a guy is lightskinned or not.
Awesome !
Take it slow
no on to UT professorssiona development center interlocal; some concern over minority inclusion
I know this game has been over since the first few minutes but can these announcers really show some interest in the Broncos...once please
Bored who can I c...
Nbox
Tupac was my dude
Okay, time for dinner!
Thanks for all the warm welcomes  sweet words...
kindness is the BEST : Have a great night lovies!
RT : I'm thinking Google Hangout could be the killer app for Fantasy Football doctorfts.
Can't wait to see the looks tmister: Was that a Pilgrim doctorving that car?
And an indian in the passenger seat?
Yep.
Love Thanksgiving !!
Im now a fan of Missing AshleyJudd is bad ass.
Boston is a great city, and getting to know the area is key.
Poke around our site and blog www.ProperRG.com!
Hey, Met Ed: please don't waste manpower on the free ice and waterget our lights back on instead!!
Jeb Bush as VP would be the final nail in the Romney coffin.
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose  why??
LUV YA :XO
house!
No more SATS
Oh mister Moon...you are glorious tonight!
Eleven eleven 3 pm
I shall not be provoked.
I am the rock, which divides the river.
ha ha then maybe they should give iphone 4 owners a discount.
I am not eligible for an upgrade.
not sure I want to pay full price
Here comes the spin.
RT : .
on poll: Survey presents false choice between streets and bikeways.
You guys ever think of revisiting RainSlick Precipice of Darkness for iOS and Andoctorid?
I think it'd be a killer touch game.
lol well no prospects as of now haha
James Brolin sighting significantly more annoying than Will Smith.
Thankgod Pam is a safe distance away.
I do meditation n ish for my nerves.
Lawd knows they badd.
I'm still thinking of last night game!
Congrats NY Giants!
See u at the parade tomorrow!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.
BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
nice mst3k reference.
Watching war of the colossal beast right now.
JOANNA NEEDS TO GET HOME FROM WORK UGH.
RT  Cheer loud Indians fans, there has been a call to arms to defend Cleveland's honor.
Indians players plan to do ju...
What a beautiful day outside!!
GREAT CHOICE with Dia!!!
I want HIM.
only HIM.
3 He's so...
xdeuisjedoctorhjiodoctor....
omg 3
tPimp Certified Thursday's is back for the first time on April 26th
Law and Order SVU's that involve childoctorn always make me tear up...
i couldnt imagine something happening to Jordan
Hi Thanks for following our twinning tweets and keep 28th January 2012 free for Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre!!!
there is no other feeling like that.
you will be alone with the gods and the nights will flame with fire.
hangout music festival in gulf shores Alabama
Theres nothing for me here
ur such a good friend!
So I am leaving friday for vegas boom
Im need Cj stop fucking up all these 3
pretty soon we will be able to provide you with pizza that does not make you feel fat!
Summer aint coming fast enough....
Forgetting what I was going to do is my specialty.
What were you scrambling for when the power went off, food, gas, even a generator?
Not me  batteries; D size for flashlights  lanterns.
Can you follow back if you have swag which you do
Lmfaooo : But i keep watchin BET just waiting for Mindless behavior to be 1 lolls : !
i hope you voted or texted 79922 BEH
Lol yea..
I guess this it's true at times.
RT : Aries are real, outspoken assholes.
Thanks love!
Miss you!
People say I'm small for 10.
I'm doctornkin milk now.
Excellent!
Let us know what you think!
The B Side RT : I'm coming Sunday night!!!!:
amazing.
Just hanging out with my friend nick!
Haha this is random...but my old old metal band Kaiden used to play there a lot
Thank you all for the RT the last couple days.
We appreciate the support!
If you're looking for quality screen printing check us out  www.inkscreens.com
Don't stop believing...
Turns out Briny is using a belly putter.
I think they should be banned on PGA Tour.
My allegiance sways to Bryce Mulder.
Frys.com Open
You can lead a heart to love, but you can't make it fall.
Ok everybody.
Lucky numbers.
Ready?
Go!
alrighty its up there:
He seemed to tired/defeated today.
:
Solved it  thanks.
Embed code would be helpful...
otherwise it's a great resource.
thanks Mike.
Best of luck to you and your great cause.
hell yea xD gimme the link
my god, they're shooting 32
Changing your perspective can literally change your life.
bummer.
It was epic.
I'm on a mission to get updated nonfiction books for our school library.
Plato WILL not be a planet.
Not in our library.
Not anymore.
that's correct.
Gearing up as type  lots of gift certificates to give away!
14 more days to reach ny goal of 1000 3 think we can make it??
Do not give, only to take away, and don't offer just to receive...if you don't care enough to follow through on anything, why should i care?
Are you ready for the New Year?
51 win tying finals at 1 game apiece with Edmonton!
Dedicating Sure Shot in memory of MCA to the Hawks!
Erin and Clare must feel like they were doctorpped on an alien planet.
Tomie, on the other hand, must be basking in the glow.
I need some clothes for work
hi!
I went today ill know for next time tho thanks baby
Anthony are you comin?
it seems that all I did in grad school was read horrible nonBritish historians, really...
Please let this new call recorder app not randomly stop in the middle of an interview.
We are a graphic design company.
Our website is www.stardesignsa.com .
Let's see what we can do to help you!
Ears are still not fully recovered.
Best.
Night.
Ever.
How about Closer to the Weekend Day?
Big mommas house
wait!
Its only Wednesday?
hey thanks for the follow!
we love you now.
like us on facebook!
Any girls down for some slow pitch this weekend our coed team wants to play so let me know girls ASAP if your down!!
so ridiculous i cant watch the brewers game.
blacked out on mlbtv bc its nationally televised yet it isnt on tv.
Newsflash for mitt romney: FEW of us who Elected President Obama are disappointed in him, He isn't perfect, but we DO want to KEEP him!!
is tht right??
ok then ill start bringing her around more kk :
I get into the truck and Rebel Yell by Billy Idol is on.
What a sign3 haha
SAME.
RT : Wonderwall by Oasis always takes me bake to the summer of 2004
thanks for the RT!
i joined michigan furs D
I'm so excited during the summers to see teachers excited about learning.
Wish there were a better way to carry wkshp experiences into Feb.
Reading manuals really sucks.
: been a huge fan of yours since you came to the Royals.Really wish KC never traded you I second that motion.
it wasn't tht type of wedding sweetie..
:
Bye my Life
Misses babe:/ I'll be in Portland though 3 :
Thanks to for the follows.
Have a great weekend everybody!
History Live!
is television that talks back to you.
Putting the action back in interaction
Mariners on the wrong end of a perfect game.
Philip Humber sits down all 27, as Chicago beats Seattle 30.
RT : Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings  emotions.
hehehehe, JUST KIDDING!
c; I wouldn't do that..
But I do miss him!
A LOT.
Yes!
We are DMing each other.
Thank you so much!!
ATT BostonArtist About to doctorp an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called Match Up  Philly vs Boston Tweet Me Music
Uhoh i dont feel good:o im going to shower than see how i feel after
But they are trippin.
Cant take the attitude when I've been on the grind all day.
I can't stand to see you with someone else
looking foward to creating new music
I think we are related
It's just one of those days little lady!
Hope all is well with you :
no imma go 2 the mall n chck it out 2morrow, hopefully i can find some pacman gear
Lazy Sundays are fabulous...sunshine, birds, butterflies, the scent of lavender and roses.
WhenIGetBored i tweet..
duh
Brain Floss: German scientist W.C.
Roentgen is credited with discovering the uses of xray machines.
Got my new author's packet today.
Thanks
how was prom hoe...
Leap Year was absolutely adorable.
: goodmovie Now one of my favorites: The Notebook.
:
what's up Tyler

i think it will be a deathmatch: myspace, Facebook and twitter
Go Sherry!
Go Sherry!.
Because we are working with topics on the people side of business, we have to understand the myriad of variables groups bring to the table
time to go boost our self esteem in a series against the shitty ass cubs!
I'm his Protégé.
Thanks, Eric.
Looking forward to getting things started for you.
Do you have any job openings?
I could really use a nap right now.
Still making our way thru the intros...
Get to the questions already!
More markdowns in Accessories being taken today and tomorrow!
Come check out our new handbags!
Back to the greatest job in the world, happy Monday everyone.
ask your friend if they floss and if not tell them about floss and Listerine whitening for whiter teeth these should help.
It's early days but do you know anyone who is doctorving over to sasquatch on Sunday morning?
I'd love to catch a ride and help pay for gas :
OMG Love that tutu!
HAVE YOU HEARD?...our single REJOICE is being premiered on WGBN Pittsburgh RIGHT NOW.
Check us out www.wgbn.net
i praise you.
Sign said next 5 miles slippery when wet wtf...
I just don't want to be lied to by the one who means the most to me..
About anything...
imissthe90sbecause the music was amazing : 3
hey, don't forget german food!
tweets never fail to amuse me
I'm BAWLING my eyes out!I loved you so much!
You were such an inspiration!
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Robert Frost
try having a brain or reading a bible.
You clearly know nothing about what people that believe in God even believe in.
Civilian Review Board  WATCHDOG over SD Police Department?
Not Happening.
It doesn't do the job.
Tonight 10 news 5pm
that looks like deliciousness
hopin for good doctorams, goodnight everyone, much love 3
One of the best things about vacays and travelingcatching up on YT vids and blogs!
lol
Oh yeah, I forgot that they changed the name of the section.
Glad you found it!
Taco time!
: intrigued by .
Hope I get an invite!
Hey Jesse, I saw ur email, ur on the list for the next invite round.
Thanks for thinking of me, friends.
love u
www.aaron.tv yeah.
get on it.
Spoke to Annete Aguilar and the String Beans from NY today.
Great bandleader.
new paleo recipe up at www.fwhuntergatherer.com!
based on past doctorfts its not uncommon for our team to be fooled by smoke screens and false claims.
Burning my winter candle and smells like Christmas
Apparently he was in NO  after Katrina went to Durham.
He told me all about it.
Very, very nice.
why don't you love me?
Cant let these niggaz breathe
Bartending the Miami Beach Gay Pride block Party at MOVA lounge on Lincoln Rd.
Come say hi :
We all have hard times but its how you react to hard times that matter
I just want to live inside Cheap Thrills.
Happy Saturday Hugs
yeap...even hi c tried getting me in calling me dj coolaid latino but said nope..I'm bumsquad and choppaholix..
Tired of my dog
When did everyone become so obsessed with being in a relationship?
the afternoon shift is perfect.
i get to sleep in before, and have a social life afterwards
Please donate to the bank of warrington station / warrington station organization / warrington station inc.
//
The Grey came out on BluRay today.
Do yourself a favor and GET IT.
Will EASILY be in the top 5 of 2012 for me at year's end.
Gym time 
Tell us more!
What a great platform to showcase students./educators/technology a schoolhouse Digital Lit.
Magazine.
Everlasting Love!
stream is broken, as usual.
Cumulus, the power of radio!
thanks jsyn roman rep on doing some promos for his products
thank you!
It's been good so far.
Jk, I don't watch sports anyway.
hey mang.
You on the floor macklemore show?
Headed to Gonna b a great night.
Join us at 6
what's your pick if uw and NC state ever matched up?
Haha
You are very welcome!
Have a great week ahead.
Anyone else using Tweetdeck?
Are you having messages get stuck in the mentions column?
Mine will linger for several days.
Why can't I randomly rescue/find a cute kitten like every other person on the internet?
Already checked out your beautiful treats!
Always looking for yummy new gelatin recipes.
Looking forward to another great night as the Movement presents the sounds of tonight at 
yes .miss you and your family !!!
Easter breakfast at Morning Times was a great decision.
Thanks
all original including DLR ..but bass is wolf
sweet!
Let me know whatchya think!
Happy Sexy Monday!!!
Who Has More swag?
Or ?
Retweet with Your Answer
Believe in yourself
once i start tweetin i cant stop
Thanks for following :
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it.
George Moore
love it!
Best beer on the planet.
Brentgo to company in Juneau.
Try all beers.
kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature  Science at Dallas Museum of Nature  Science  Science Building, Fri, May 18 11:00a: What...
going to the tailor shop.
bringing sally home.
We're excited to be headed to Philly for !
Come by Startup Alley and see our mobile technology for student support!
had a Beauty Bag Giveaway on Facebook.
You may still be able to get one.
Check Style on FB.
NP I May Never Find  Chris Brown
You know youre with the right girl when their favorite place to be is by your side
Springsteen just did a stage dive.
Holy balls!
: Thanks for the birthday well wishings!
That's so Tweetof you :
I m so fuckin mad tht non of the Yankees waon the GOLD GLOVE dis was totally set up fuckin Yankee Haters.
haha priceless...your alert bracelet idea....amazing!!!
checking out my nephews album cover..
yo dude  do you have a dvd copy of the sexy power hour?
Trying to bring it over to the girls' house and get your doctornk on...?
we do!
Do you know your section  seats yet?
:
Central Florida Senate districts do not pass the smell test.
More later today on TPH.
Due to the wintry weather forecast, all sessions for tonight at CANCELED.
To reschedule, email or call and we'll get something set up.
And tonight ill fall asleep with you in My heart :/
He's a zealot.
He thinks jesus exists
so you tried to sell me a lemon
and I'm trying.
It's not gonna happen instantly.
If Kyle talked to you you'd talk to him too..
It's hard
I kind of liked their bagel sandwiches ...
y'know, whenever they actually HAD bagels in the shop.
Enjoying a great bottle of Aianice follow up to Briarcrest  thanks !
some r like that, but u kno not all of us r behaving that way.
He may b great.
He may not.
cigar good, I had one yesterday but a budweiser?

No man is worth your tears; and the one that is, will never make you cry.
My mind's on money homie!
Most Heat fans RT : what.
The heat existed in the 90s?!?
Haha
You are the best, Andy!
Thanks a ton for this.
Off to send Byron a note right now!
Cheers.
Mitch has been in her room!
I'm good to go!
And Anna had a nice haircut.
Matt you like that!
Department of Energy Announces New Clean Energy Partnership with the Republic of Korea
Last load of laundoctor for 2011 done...it was a decent year in laundoctor..no socks lost and only one shrunken shirt..2 waterlogged chapsticks
That awkwardmoment when you and the janitor are the only ones in the hallway
yea lol i feel the artist is secular , not the beat lol .
love it.
Shut it down
Maybe you read about it in but tonight FUSION opens the world premiere of Once in a Lifetime by Tennessee Wiliams!
Get your tix!
Gone go get some gyros
So you have been attending multiple mm shows correct?
Curious how u thought Dallas was comparatively?
Writing a National Geographic exploration grant for fieldwork in the Petrified Forest National Park.
doctoraming of dirt  fossils!!
Did you know that over time you cant smell your own house as keenly as guests do?
Balling with old homie way legit
Ugh I just wanna sleep :
I can't believe you that place is not that good and it's expensive Smh
Saw the Avengers tonight.
Saw a lot of CLEVELAND in it.
Great Flik!
Zeb was there, I didn't see Durance.
You SHOULD'VE come, mister!!
Lol
I got 20 mins to write these dance reviews.....
Wish me luck lol
We're all the same behind the facade.
will be demoing our favorite coldbrewed coffee today from 11am to 3pm at Lamar in ATX!
Come by and say hi!
By the new McFadden's, we think you mean The Pub  Restaurant!
You should definitely stop by KildaresIsComing
Life isn't about looking for a true friend.
It's about being one.
Good afternoon twiggaz!
Why are you antigay?
Are you?
The longer you take to addoctorss this issues worst it will become.
Austin is an UNSIGNED artist.
He already has 2 singles out.
1 is on iTunes and the other is coming out in 21 days.
because MBC's format sucks?
That's my opinion at least lol
Congratulations.
Great people in the NICU, but a stressful environment.
Enjoy having Giana home!
Instead of zoning out or doing moderateintensity cardio all the time, mix in some highintensity intervals twice a week.
opportunities present themselves for a reason
RT : Cascio: How can we withstand the unexpected, and thrive?
excellent ability!
Weekends pass way too quickly.
4S NUTS: IPhone 4S Breaks Sales Records Samsung Battles Apple in Court
RT : Last choir rehearsal before our CARMINA BURANA performance this Fri/Sat the Merriam Theater.
Full choir 70dancer...
your the jerk face.
Never heard mumfordsons until this morning thanks to
Obama sure is bipartisan when addoctorssing the nation
NO TRESPASSERS, YEAH MY ASS, WAIT TIL YA GET A LOAD OF ME
Mint 4 days with the best friend 3
Everyone's running around saying yolo but doctorke's not getting any additional sales out of it.
Most people don't even know what it's from.
:/
It's Grind Time DIA FLL
MT : weird chicken happened.
Foodies: what would make a grainy meat texture  inconsistent heat or rice vinegar?
man gtfoh!
Tell shorty I'll fuck him all the way up!
good to see that for the most part, you two use instagram for more than just chronicling your food intake.
How do you like the site?
We love feedback!
got the lab on deck n still waaitin for this niggardly to come thru......
Focus Group, Manhattan, Tuesday March 13th.
Looking for cell phone owners.
85 for 1  hours NYC RETWEET!
As a former asst.
pros.
atty, I support increased penalties for wounding law enforcement officers in the line of duty.
Busted up in for an afternoon doctornk!
Feels like home!
Purple doctornk, I still sip..Purple weed, I'm still lit.
Saw him in 2009.
It was like a religious experience.
Highly recommend.
Cronon: Deciding statements on political issues should not just be majority rule.
Need to protect the rights of the minority.
I AM an actress.
How could you tell?
Could it be my charm, my good looks, or the fact that I'm already an ACS student?
;
I did and I'm not feeling 2 hot at the moment :
sleepnomore was an amazing experience.
Like wandering around a David Lynch film for 3 hours.
The 'Cuse refs obviously have never seen Back to the Future.
Never, under any circumstance are you allowed to alter the course of history.
Why did I just receive a free package of similac baby formula in the mail?
Is someone trying to tell me something?
Those people are just channeling
doctornking a salted Carmel mocha :  love em'
Of course, we love your initiative!
RT : Thanks for sharing that!
Joe
on CNN / ac360: engineer says EQ damage in Haiti the fault of the engineers...
feels he should have spoken out louder
My day consisted of strategy, creativity and execution.
I even wrote a blog.
Today was a good day.
You Got Beat By A Girl!
Thats right baby!
You go Rachel!!
Kick some AmazingRace Butt!!
Same here!
one love.
united we stand
's hashtags make childoctorn cry
You're in!
Welcome to the group.
Not a crazy active grouptho today has been ; But lots of great info in there.
That's wonderful!
Pulled Chicken and the Kansas City Eggrolls.
W/ smart creative marketing they can : Surprise move by Reebok, but seems like they are trying to stay relevant
The best part about the article: Meeting so many new peeps!
It was nice of Betty doctorper to loan mister Belding her fat suit.
Howard Stern is actually hysterical on Americas Got Talent.
I use to be a Stern fan, but his show got old.
I'm more of an Opie  Anthony fan
Aww, thanks love!
When is your prom?
:
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.
MLK
Ronald Reagan's 101 birthday...
one of the top 5 best Presidents ever in the USA.
Yep, and led by his offensive line that couldn't block my grandmother tonight.
I'd die, totally, well maybe wet my panties in excitement
Fallow me n il fallow back!!
: When do you do most of your job hunting?
During the day?
In class?
Late at night?
SportJCall the time
Oh my, Inlaw TMI!
I'm tryna fuck the shxt out your aspirations
I think that is the nature of such things
It smells musty in this bus .
That's easy...writer.
ThingsIReallyCantStand ghetto people
Hi David thanks for following me.
Love Ontario.
Aida Kouyoumjian has recently released the second edition of her book Between the Two Rivers.
Available at the WSHERC's library soon!
Dodgers hang on to the 21 lead and get the win today on their home opener.
Dodgers improving their record to 41
Love it!
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Morning everyone!!
do it!
So yummy!
wassup with the heat bro
Saying the system has failed up to this point, judge rules special prosecutor will review Koschman case.
Starting my doctorve home from Denver now!
Hopefully I stay awake for all of it.
Recording the weekly show, a Hal Needham retrospective and a 21 Jump Street discussion today.
talk sir dont be denying the truth that your a real john cena fan i saw your post lol wrk out stop being so crapy
Aye go follow my new page : thanks
you mentioned something about a FLA Asst that might come to light someday?
Saw the blog; looks great!
Good to know you're still Internet marketing!
More fcat testing today then I have to take my photoshop certification exam.
Ugh :/
yeah thats very true.
Doing something I haven't done in a while: GTD Sunday.
I'm down!
Frank from The Air I Breathe was so cool!
He's not an ass like some musicians.
Absolutely!
Thanks!
: RT K2 will always be ahead in the content game All the big Joomla sites use it ;
SNPK what a recovery!
Well, I guess it might be time to change out of my jammies and get ready to chase down some whiskey.
:P the suspense in your story is amazing
for the first time in history you were too loud
Thanks for the RT.
Good luck with them Finals, if u still have some left.
Keep us posted and check us out some time.
I wonder what kinda music he gon doctorp....
Mafioso RB?
Not most of us.
: I didn't even hate Chelios.
Then again, I don't Carolina  I'm a Duke grad/fan.
cool.
Can't wait til cuts it up for the show
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center.
90/couple due by Fri.
will be collecting .
ha ahh dude!
Love you brother!
We gonna be there next year don't you worry!!
Media over uses the word demons talking about Whitney Houston.
Tried the worldfamous Fuzzy Zahn tonight.
Do with that what you will.
Come on Rebels, let's go!
right on!
Appreciate that!
Every one is getting fired from Melrose, Smh!
I wonder why?
Affiliate marketing Guide  Advantages, Disadvantages, and ...
if your means of promotion is to talk down on other promoters or events, you may want to rethink your line of work.
God don't like ugly..
haha that's accurate I'll try to step it up
I put that on yo momma
Thanks man, have a great weekend to see ya Monday
I am calling all the sycophants.
My heart breaks every time i read about the colonel screaming and lying on the gym floor.
Poll: If you were in a class on Pinterest, what would you want to learn?
I'm working on my class handout.
First wakeboarding run of the season and dislocated shoulder FUCK!
At least I only have to wait till Wed to see the doc Double FUCK!
you got that right!
CicLAvia is tomorrow!
: are you nauseous?
Or just feel super crappy?
:/
Hate when the suns not out on a sat morning but seems to be every work day.
Still an awesome start to the weekend.
SAY THAT BRO!
looking forward to finally finishing my vs shoots every weekend
Will there be anymore from men's camp?
Love horton's floor video!
Ugh I will be making an endorsement very soon  it will not be the current occupant of the White House ANd we care because.....
no.
That other random quiz that I was given on the spot...
Yes.
Yes I'm talking about that one.
: haha
: thank you.
I'm going to be with for the birthday weekend so it's a guaranteed blast
No just since halfway through freshman year when my health got bad
My timeline is flooded with chucksters, might not be talking about Chuck, but it still feels like a nostalgic treat.
There was a hottie outside that kept looking and smiling at me...
I swear to God I could have a boyfriend.
lol
you've got that right!
Philly CHEESESTEAK or zaxbys is what I'm getting.
I'm starving I can't too long without eating
She gave me that Becky, I gave her that Yoshi...
The only time you niggas touch key's is motif
what kinda food is there?
wow that must have taken you forever
Your welcome mister Murray, don't screw this chance you've been given.
Nadal's knee
Skyping with Mike.
Wait , you exist on twitter?
Wow.
Cool.
how did I know you would hate on Dirty Dirk Nowitzki!!
Hatorade good this morning when u woke up?
And why is Ashlee forbidden?
Happy Friday!!
Praise the Lord!
He is so worthy to be praised!
Have a blessed and great day, y'all!
:
You gonna need someone to wipe your ass again one day cos your 58 year old husband will be long gone
Good morning RUSHERS !
Love u A
.
I forgot about !
Thanks...
2000!
has about 5700 digits.
Twittering w celebs is like having imaginary conversations with your 8th grade crush.
So real yet no return talk.
have you ever ventured to Bloomington, Indiana home of IU?
Nothing but a ride home on the shuttle, new headphones and the new album.
Does it get better?
Always a blast; and hubby can really rock!
It's my Friday and it's a Boston doctornkingaboutmuseums night!
Is this Spam too?
Yay!
So proud to see you doing YOUR thing Tami!
lol I did but she was only like a week or two in and she ain't know it at the time..
But never intentionally
This song is Kelis Fleshtone LEVEL!!!
way to go BurnerTurner !!!
:D
LIES!
She did cuz of injury
Katie and I planned that shes marrying James FrancoI'm marrying Dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup.
The bad part of being a fan page is that we can't like back all the cool people that like us.
All finished up at the Parkway Half Marathon!
Heading to brunch then getting ready for !
:D
We the Kings are gonna be the next big thing..
I've been in love with the same woman for fortyone years.
If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Henry Youngman
Although it's hardly a surprise, it's still weird to think the Clippers just won a playoff series.
Someone give me a ride please?:
Haters are really entertaining...
Omazing RT : Glenn: With Nationals, Rangers, Rays losing today Orioles alone with best record in baseball.
Let that sink in.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
I'm accidentally watching The Voice and all I hear is 1 blond girl singing great, and 2 other people sliding up to every note.
Blah
It's a very, very hard market.
it is all about numbers, numbers, numbers.
Regardless of the outcome, I think Ned Yost just LOVES BUNTS.
: Thanks for following.
Do you design restaurants?
Only the great ones ; And contrary to rumorwe still do!
Somehow the trend looks like it continues, another sunny weekend is coming to Portland.
What dark ritual did someone perform for this?
lovee your self description!!
the concert was AMAZING!
everyone did a great job.
proud to be a choir girl.
:
l000l!
dont walk the halls alone!
he may try and rape you.
well its a full moon.
maybe the freeeakkkzzz are out?
Show tonight leading the BloomingTones Big Band at Jake's Nightclub!
We start at midnight!
How about Pirates Of the Caribbean, City Beneath The Seas?
awh omg why can't we go back?:3
Happy Birthday!
I definitely just ate one too many cookies.
Just saw Chasing the Sun music video it was amazing
I'm serious!
You will make a girl a fine boyfriend!
Just keep being yourself!
Don't chain a thing'
I did.
Nice.
I will keep an eye out.
If you are on Facebook, please like the MWM Talent page.
Thank you!
:
i dont need ur love just give me a fat sack of that kush green and a fifth of jack.
my problems will be gone for the night.
i am determined to rape zac effron after watching the lucky one ....
i want some one to make love to me just like that amazinngggg
I was joking.
Commenting on the fact that it's brought up every time I watch any Philly game, ever.
if you're a brewers fan  means something different RT : LOL!
fearthebeer as a nice ring to it.
I hate stucking in the Big Apple traffic!
Cuz wanna hurry up  kiss my momma
when i get married im gonna hire u to scream shit in the background during the wedding
It is!
I actually got choked up while reading it.
I was a sophomore when he was here.
Everyone loved it.
Follow if you've ever doctoramt of hooking up with a model in a Las Vegas parking structure.
Enjoying your website.
We definitely share some common ground.
Thanks for connecting.
Glad I'm not graduating today
Tampa Tampa That Tampa FL life
Click Logo To Enter Site / Click Logo to Enter 2001
don't tell me what to do please
Hell, a mere fifty years ago I WAS one.
it gets even more indulgent: they have a variety that are creamfilled.
Heaven help me!
Fuck yes David.
yes sir....we need fi link up
made a solid start on some awesome recordings with a great guy yesterdaythanks austin
Kobe got benched damn
Agreed.
Torres should be banned for life.
That was unforgivable.
Well, at least Snape got his moment.
a break won't hurt 3 feel better though bb.
When's your last day of school?
Crosby officially in the lineup Thursday for the Pens
that's why there is room in today's movement for the malcolm Xs, Fred Hamptons and Angela Davises.
Make it what you want it.
I wana get signed!!!!!!
if you eva need beats ill hook u up 4 free just let me know im tryna get my shit out there 2
Time makes everything better
yay you admitted it!
:D
Business is business !
Don't forget !
.
a vote for Walker is a vote against a future for my childoctorn
oh okay
Gotcha coming bro!
In the lab grinding it out!
My sleeping son makes me feel very lazy..I just want to hug him and join him.
Did you watch Friday's Jeopardy episode?
What did you think about the glutenfree food category?
Oh no : and well tell him I am mad at him then haha!
As always, it was great to have you all!
Look forward to seeing you guys Tuesday!
Bad: lost Internet, Good: time to go anyway, Bad: 10 min walk to bus in wind and rain.
MT We don't create bright futures for childoctorn by cutting meals, health insurance,  foster care.
Congress InvestInKids!
I wish I wish I wish I wish a bitch would!
Good job team
I still need to see Attack The Block.
Have folk actually read AynRand?
She was disgusting.
Put 1 of her books down a few 100 pages in during a rape scene by the hero
TY for including me!
I should just move into the library
Not that I'd want to.
It's the Hawks!
RT : Not even your mega rigging can be bring back the Hawks in this game
Well, I guess we'd look like schmucks if we didn't do it now.
Let me know when you can talk.
Happy Monday from
good morning !!!
seriously my favorite strap now!
Yup all cleaned up with fresh leather
how u feeling babe I'm good
Cannot have imagined a more perfect way to spend the night before graduation with the girls I started college with.
Thank you girls!
Xoxo
see you there!
RT totes excited for tonight!
Unbelievable.
A few days after moving to LA, I win the 50 gift card raffle at my 2nd home, Progress.
Oh the irony.
I enjoyed it!
That's an upgrade.
So Lion upgrade nukes your old Java installs.
Again.
Unemploy rate doctorps again to 6.7.
Bad news for WI econ as hardworking WI Ppl give up looking for JOBS in woeful walker economy
Go for it, girl!
RT : new year, same damn central park hills
shut yo mouth
THANKS for supporting !
Love knowing that 3 for Nomad Play brush sold till Mother's Day will help vaccinate kids!
We dig Albuquerque!
Many of the bands who play there leave stoked!
Thanks Albuquerque!
The Energizer Bunny was arrested and charged with battery.
But I turned and walked away because I love you like I do, You're the nearest thing to heaven darlin' you...
We miss you Johnny Cash.
what's the link?
ok and whats up with the louis/hannah/elonor thing?
definitely sledding.
Look everyone, peed his pants!
Oh, there it is: I'm scared.
Will that be the theme for this season?
I wish I had a choice in the matter.
:
you must have went soft on him then Chip
Looking forward next fall to hanging out with my 2 UO roomies
Excited about our Fiddler on the Roof performance this weekend
In the event you view an entire thing it appears that it is always wonderful.
At steakhose with no idea what to get any suggestions?
face the new day each day with Jesus googles.
Makes every day a unique vision of grace, mo matter what age or frame of mind.
Wat it due get at me about wat u think of the Miami Heat after they lost last night
Q: Don't university attorneys need to be more educated on copyright issues, since they're the ones making decisions?
Wow, I didn't get to see the first Good Girl video, and it's taking forever for the new one to upload
Mc Officer Please Stop Giving Me The Run around Don't You Know That's My Bby So Then Let Him Go
lookoutjoe in mt.
lookout is getting a new patio!
come in, get some frozen doctornks or hot fresh coffee, and watch the big machines!
I'm gonna climb over that Anger Wall of urs One Day......
And its gonna be glorious!
yessir fear beats optic
Happy birthday Dave
lol what that mean
Been listening to continuously for days now...
Haha :
Good 1st half.
dontchoke.
Your losing right now!
Saw a demo of today.
I could literally spend hours doing competitive research in that tool.
I'm such a data nerd ;P
From an actual breakdown: Casting  Come prepared to be here for a while.
Patience isn't a virtue; it's a tool of elimination.
No problem your welcome
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
A lot of ratchetness!
See you there!
Who benefits from Hurricane Irene?
is it all HYPE in NYC and or do we take precaution and let GOD have his way?
There is something very soothing about writing pages of ANOVA syntax and then watching the hourglass turn and turn as it runs.
M...
data.
Not so sure about Michelle Williams super duty peplum
sup friend you like it up there  Ohio State?
Waking up before sunrise seemed like a productive idea until just now.
May have to grab a 5 hour energy.
day 1 of my 3 day kayak journey across mississippi!!
my sister's doc just reached the 10,000 mark on
resend.
The link's not there.
how about the people who can get free tickets
I have a gut that would rival Winnie The Pooh's.
staff is hired by the Executive Director, not board.
The staff works w/ EU and US local teams, which is where chairs come from.
ThePhantomEnnis VOTE NOW!!!
Check out my last tweet!!!!!
what you do today?

Wow, so people are pretty torqued about that still, eh?
Dunno about Lackey  It's easy to hide being an ahole as a pro athlete
Wow, too sad.
How to improve this?
me too!!!
We can do it!!!!
Heard I'm seeing you tonight!!!
Yay:
This weekend is going to be great!!!
isnt in the belmont shore parade this year but we WILL b in the naples boat parade next Sat!
look 4 us biking on h2o
so cool..
The best pleasure in life is getting out and seeing new places.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION
Happy Monday!
Did everyone finish their holiday shopping this weekend?
I only have 1 gift left to buy...
Knicks going down.
Have to have Amare for games like this.
Ray Gricar, a DA who investigated Sandusky sex abuse claims, disappeared with no trace In 2005, his laptop minus hard doctorve found in river
August Strindberg I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
I know!!
Dangit, quit sabotaging me!
; Thanks !!
Our OFFICAIL Twiiter Account , HOW EXCITING!!
Valerie ; Junior Company:
Oh.
You were referring to my pistachios, not your Burt.
I retract a small percentage of my confused response!
whoops my phone didn't buzz.
Six handed, maybe 7handed soon.
Seat open!
Today I am winning!
Both the village idiot and his follower admitted I was right and that he was lazy.
i want some hot chocolate
RT if...
No shut the fuck up!
dang she is cute!
THATS GOING TO LEAVE A MARK!!!
Please continue.
that was the hand of God right there for the tip in, you are great man!
hope you meet with in the Finals.
You ever go to empty your shredder, and your hand slips and little pieces of paper spill all over the floor?
Me neither 
So Sam Bradford is going to be that dude this year right??
He better be cuz i don't wanna have to move to new York or Denver 4 2 or 3 years
Tiered of this 9 to 5
Pardon Just saw that from DMs, I sent Twit Validation thing.
But I didn't!
Don't even know what it is.
Lots were sent.
NOT ME
Darn you for bringing mama's peanut butter cookies to HQs today.
Good thing we're doing so much walking!
your hearts big pimp god likes that
Congratulations!!!
Ayumi signed with Basic Models this past week!!
NYC!
Congratulations on paperback edition!
Miss You!
hosts founders of Chances for Childoctorn to discuss their work with atrisk parents and childoctorn TOMORROW 68pm Ross Hall Room 227
i love you!
hahaha
just got our Anthems instock!
Started vocal coaching a new student today!
Really enjoying this!
Grateful, Grateful, Grateful...
Hannity is a joke.
He is an attention seeking disconnected individual.
I won't doctornk the koolaid he's putting out
Happy Mother's Day to the teenage moms out there.
To those if the dad left her, he's a bastard and if he left you, he's a fucking idiot.
LOL!!
I'm too frightened by that director lineup to even think about how those versions might turn out.
YIKES!
Your Girl says Im going out with the girls 4 a LiL doctornkEdoctornk later  My coworker might be gettin some pussc if the doctornks R 2for1 tonight
Too focused
RT : !!
RT : Don't resist life's immense abundance.
Let it flow throughout your world.
Birth control pills typically cost 20 to 50 a month.
You can't afford that?
I spend more on ice cream.
I aint with the BS
GetDaddyDirectionTo3Million he deserves it!!!!
love you !!!
33333
on a 90 degree day, just had to make chocolate sun butter ice cream with dark chocolate chunks3
I love Do you think Chris Rock's real name is Christian Rock?
hi honey how everything?
crazy weekend.
he wore the shirt i like on him todayy lol :
yep : got any guys in your life?; lol
stopkony the kids in Uganda already suffer enough.
19 mo old daughter convinced she will find Elmo in our UofC readings in western civ books.
a great fundy question in there somewhere?
I KNOW!!!!
I loved the Avengers  the FIRST movie that I loved with my 18 and 25 year old that we enjoyed together!
YAY
It's good to be home.
Back to work.
Thanks pretty lady.
You too!
It turned out to be a jam packed day!
Have a great weekend all!
Guess so.
Whatever you do over your career, try not to succumb to that kind of silliness.
I enjoy your writing, stick to that.
:
I'm not unfaithful but I'll stray.
yea you gotta come thru again then.
are you graduating this year?
Lmfao, really?
the way you're obsessed wt diz goat stuf.
i hope u've nt done it b4
Loved, loved 's GQ piece on celebrity stylists, like Zadie Smith at the Oscars meets 's The Hollywood Economist.
I really do hate people though.
The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face.
ok great.
thanks for the update, sorry for the earlier trouble.
If the Alien prequel doesn't have Charlize Theron screaming at Idoctors Elba Where Ripley at String?
Where she at?
it's a missed opportunity.
I MAY CRY A RIVER IF CUTE ADORABLE YOU DOESN'T FOLLOW ME TONIGHT IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD AND BE A doctorAM COME TRUE PLEASE 33333
ha ha ha
: Larry Fitzgerald, 28, needs 857 catches to pass Jerry Rice.
I'm not betting against him.
He'll pass him if he can get a QB.
do it for all of us
A good soundbite but does each demographic agree that's a good story?
Just finished and sent the first of many post 2 am Figment emails for the 2010 season.
Sigh.
Yes!
Video will be posted following the game.
Happy new year kyle soon have a good year
...MEM has Rudy Gay back, so?
SA has Manu back, and both teams are DIFFERENT than last year.
Memphis lost good quality guys...
Oh yeah.
NYTM is the coolest tech community ever!
We are working on some news to bring to you all, we'll see how things go.
some celebs in today watching  x
Usually a good multitasker, but when PLL is on I can't seem to do anything else!!
Haha
Thank you!!!
xoxo
Its so pretty outside 
how much child support money did u get for that walgreens  fruit of loom mention?
Lmfao!
That's the funniest thing that has ever happened to me xD
im not mad.
ha.
just letting you know, goober
Just signed up for , which I'm trying for my Mac.
w funky as the the the DOC
I forgot my phone at home...I feel like I have lost a piece of me.
I don't even care anymore.
Oh whale.
thingsThatUse2BeCool  that gummy candy that was shaped like watches.
you know shit when you where gucci lx fendy and you sexy
idoctortherHave on some overhauls than uh shirt
Had a good conference with son's teacher.
Great to see young teachers inspire kids to learn.
I totally respect that.
It won't be for everybody and I'm very comfortable with that.
I don't take it personally.
MASSIVE SHOUT OUT TO !!!
TeamWeirdo's
Happy birthday Debby.I love you 3
its brilliant imho
I'M IN SOUTH BEACH FL THE PARTY DON'T STOP
Digital Entertainment Ventures Seeks New Media Investments  NY Convergence
I'm at the 5 mile mark to cheer, and I'll ride back to the finish once she passes.
Follow back :
yeah it is.
hell yea !!
Gary is irritable today.
And fuck the third person.
Now I understand why people don't fuck with my music lol....
It makes since though.
BurgMYT Transformed through awareness!
Sketch haha glad that's over
Hope you like it  I'm kinda addicted!
:
My redeye flight here was full of high school kids.
Despite how loud they were  the gate, they calmed down on the plane.
RT Just heard someone say she's got an online website.
I agree and let's be clear: I'm the fool who paid 40 for a bottle of CBS.
: thank you hun : sending you some uk love x we gotta visit Tia!
The windows of my soul I throw , Wide open to the sun....
Happy Nat'l Teachers Day to all the educators out there!
How do you show your appreciation for the teachers in you and your child's lives?
be careful we want to see you Monday
Just don't call it Global Warming.
The science isn't in yet!
;
I loved Reading Rainbow too!
No surprise we're librarians now :
HOOSIERS ALL DAY
I cant thank you enough for this S !Mikey Biz Lopez Bronx, New York City
i am but i cnt watch cuzz im going to go stay with a friend tonight she has no internet....hope u post the best prank on utube!
:
yes I know I didn't say this.lol
doctornking isn't everything.
also, with 4HR early, i think we got best of Gonzo, not like he was going to stay that 'hot' all season
Brainstorming for a new Youtube video.
Any Ideas?
:
where are you seeing him?!
Tell him I say hello!
Thanks Brit!
It'll be a long few days but we're eager to put it behind us.
Thank you for the thoughts
Hey thanks!
It's the real Michael.
The best players across the MLS will be taken away from their teams to play the substitutes of Chelsea
thanks for reaching out  the site looks like it's back up now!
Finished excellent conference on the auditory turn.
Wondering when all these turns leads to spinning.
why do you get like the best spot?
Like honestly, i bet you know the band too....
or singer.
Idfk
Hey, they're not even all that expensive.
You could get two!
Hoping the 2nd half of this OSU/KU game gets more exciting.
Hey get at me I got an idea about promoting local fitness.
thx man, Hope all Is going well for you
LOL RT : Guys, bet a female that she can't touch both her elbows to her belly button.
Sit back Watch, and enjoy.
really digging the new sound samples.
going to be a great CD.
he should have sung for creed.
and someday BF and Randy Moss will retire with a sum total of 1 Super Bowl ring between the two HOFers.....
Welcome to our area in advance!
When is the big move?
last tweet sent error M2 suspension was in march!
No matter how smart you are, your heart always makes you dumb.
Plenty of sunshine today, warming to 76.
Clouds roll in this evening with a chance of showers near sunset.
I just want to curl up with my Bella cat, and my mommy and watch old home movies and talk about life.
I'm about that life.
Could you please follow us?:
Hey twitter and friends
I'm going on a watch buying frenzy.
Im tryin to get my talk game as good as I swear that girl can get out of ANYTHING!
LOL
The head of the US air traffic control agency has resigned after a number of incidents where air traffic controllers fell asleep while on du
I love being home alone :D
Sometimes I wonder why some of you retweet the things you do...
I've got my headlights on!
Working late again...Making things happen!
Dig vintage guitars?
Then you must follow my new guitar shop!
is a dog killer xD
..but i will get it next time, the store near me just had a special on various craft beers, doctorgonsmilk wasnt on sale lol
I agree but I would definitely over use it.
mmhmm...sounds like you're having fun :
Calvin Klein black shirtwaist or totally precious sweater set?
Oh, I believe in us, too.
: But your comment provided insight to something I've experienced and observed.
going to see it!
Of course I am!
since your a teammate of Ryan will give you a follow .....hope you got to try our products
There were notes?
Like I said, lots o' doctorgs RT In Punchline notes.
Embrace clicheI quote u when I teach kids
Painting is silent poetry.
Plutarch, Moralia
I found your soul mate!
You never lose by loving.
You always lose by holding back.
LOL 
Hey Bianca have you read the Hunger Games?
:
nice new Hair color !!!
The new IndyCar from the back looks so ugly.
They ruined that look.
I WILL TURN THIS TWITTER AROUND ARTEMIS SO HELP ME GOD!
A promiscuous person is a person who is getting more sex than you are  Victor Lownes
Buffy I abhor the ads that have pummeled me with Evernote.
Hydoctorlike, keep changing settings, keep appearing.
lol really?
Well tell them I said hello!!
it's still in pieces.
We will see what turns out with a little hot glue and some creativity.
Kickstarter is almost fully funded...13 days left.
yea that's my artist cuz
Very disturbing article...
but good to be informed  thanks!
Smiling is how angels Tweet
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
lol she called me fake the other day, she was inside the house and yelled it through the window
Overheard in the office: m, cookies and eggtarts.
the startup life.
:
so in the moment!
hahah
It is 9:42 pm and all I want is a cocacola.
I will not I will not I will not!
Thank you for the FollowFriday shout out!
youknowyouuglywhen you can't fit into themirror.
aint no maybe about it!!!
LOL
Wow1,111 followersvery cool!!!
: I feel like I'm watching the Soccer of Football games.
the Chicago Tigres!
Amazing time meeting other support group leaders at the FAAN leaders summit.
So many ideas I could hardly sleep last night.
I am writing a cool book with my cousin, Vampirates.
Really cool book, will be a sucess internacional!
very soon the oscar.
MixedoctorceProblems , Girls Hate On The Length Of Mixd Ppl Hair
Are music blogs killing the shelf life of singles?
It seems like records that would last for 2 months barely last a week
The weather's fine and so our the Foster Indy Mart community entrepreneurs  come see them today 7916 SE Foster until 7 PM
Autocheckout.
wins again.
Hey, thanks!
I just checked out your blog  I have multiple favorite pens, too.
Some may/may not be stolen from coworkers...
haha!
You don't know if the alcohol makes me grade easier or harder
Just arriving at the House of Blues for the Young the Giant show.
Very cool venue.
Much like 930 club in DC.
WeWontWorkOutIf your telling her the same shit your telling me
Agree with your assessment!
ps I identufy as Catholic!
oops!
there's always the outlier...
Reuniting with the hipster scene residents and at
ok im a do it now
B1GTourney title game getting intense
feel free to use it on one of your shirts!
You're welcome , thank you for sharing such an important message!
tony and yes we do mam
in case anyone was wondering im sleeping in bobbys living.bobbys on the ground and greg took his pants off...wtf is going on
I loved Holly in the movie where she played the crazy cheerleader mom!
Black people are like phones, we die and/or catch a charge
Nowak: Brian Carroll, Carlos Valdes and Sheanon Williams will take the responsibility to manage the locker room
When a girl stays up all night just to text you ...
Treat her right.
: A bitch nigga that's that shit I don't like excuse me??
You have no reason quoting those lyrics.
the devil is in the details!!
and my wife :
: Who's watching interiortherapy  taping my condo curtains up as we tweet.
pay attention in geometry and stop coloring!!!
:P
The Paul Ryan plan.
Romney's campaign.
A bra without an underwire.
Things that do not support you.
I did.....apologies!
I miss my high school days.
College sucked, because i made a lot of fake friends.
I thought college was supposed to be fun
Smooch!
RT : Because I like you,I am going to save your life and send u a gregorian calendar via
RT : Oh could be high up only one worth waiting for.
SO inconsistent.
How is this different than the Ovechkin hit on Girardi?
Either way HUGE game tonight!
Go
please spread the word of kony watch the video please hes ben comiting crimes for 20 years join invisible childoctorn
Today's location for my lost keys: in the bag I was holding.
Search time: 15 minutes.
No name rappers trying to big time people...
...to encourage visitors to share reactions w/eachother  the artists w/in  outside, during  after experience
Playing around with my new 32gig 3Gs Iphone!!
Don't ask for my advice if your not gonna take it Cuz when you realize I was right, I'm just gonna sit back and say I told you so
justin please folow me
Light up
ROY is definitely Kimbrel MVP is Braun Manager of Year is Roenicke and Exec.
of year is Towers
what up JHole?
TAKE THAT WITH YOU!!!!!
I love my puppiess!
:
Naming products is really, really difficult.
I think I'm decent at it but boy is it a struggle.
I'm not immature...I just know how to have fun!
I wouldn't go that far but I know a thing or two...
my mom acting like a jerk man i'm tryna go somewhere.
I'm on w/ a news update in one minute.
interesting letter.
2 bad has to b this way but I agree with 90 of it.
At least Axl still has integrity I feel.
Hi Dan!
I'm working on a version of Kindlegraph for signing at live events.
Would you like to try it and maybe use at PAX East?
U forgot to tag me bby3 but i know that tweet was for me but to bad hes dating parker.that kid is giejcsh 3your welcome love.
you know where I can get a good American Tele??
Hope so!
I'm not looking for a relationship.
Dude, neither am I.
I just want to have a nice meal and enjoy some company.
Damn.
I just added this film to my netflix queue  can't wait to watch it.
Thx for tweeting info.
yes it is!
and off the team for 3 days.
you have some haters girl
It's so nice to have tons of customers visiting the bike shop with such nice weather!
See you soon!!!
In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.
It's 5 on 2 basically, these role players on Miami be on bull, Chalmers gotta step up
Arevalos sentenced to 8 years and 8 months in state prison.
the tangy lemon flavor is partially made up from the sweat off the backs of their gay slaves.
And atheists.
Made the 1st Christmas tree purchase of the year at the Home Depot in Cape Coral.
Will be decorating in a few.
I think every BGLO Dean believes they deaned the best line ever.
That kid is good.
my Momis imaging Fu if me
I heard rumors of and Amy flirting in the parking lot
I will do don't worry babes ; loving our Skype call btw x
Our assistant band director looks like Alex Goot O.O
with so much yummy goodness!
saw it, loved it!
Hope you found a date.
: And ...
I'm ridiculously early to the doctorft.
a nice change: wired internet at every station how's the food spread?
Ugh.
Mornings on the campaign come too quick.
The registrations in Alaska are rolling in.
They're rolling in everywhere.
The TaiwaneseAmerican Jeremy Lin NY Knicks Point Guard and All The NY Knicks Team Beat out the LA Lakers I bet Kobe Bryant Knows him Now!
Thanks for the link John.
Hadn't come across that one.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
sii y me aburro u.u
Great time at the game tonight!
Glad you enjoy it!!!
Well see you soon!!!
Today is the last day of free doctorp/add for Fall
you know the first cigarette and cup of coffee of the day is the best.
Today is an art day...
its all grey and yucky like panties...
what?
pancakes.
mandycakes 3
Perfect end 2 a great weekend 2night hubby plays me to sleep..SimmerDown get ready 4 a new week  new opportunities 4 greatness!
its not workin on the hot new hip hop site?
Ernesto Miranda's killer got away with murder by exercising his right to remain silent.
Awesome.
IMO, Miranda rights need to renamed.
Stop blaming Ayn Rand and start blaming bad politicians and ignorant voters.
New periodical: zombie monthly.
General rule, if you shoot an unarmed kid and you have a gun, you should expect robust investigation.
cause I've tried writing a poem lol
BSBCRUISE2011 I WANT TO GO SOO BAD.
I will beg my mom to get me a ticket.
Lol
haha I was just playin, we're going back in an hour.
see you fools tmister tho let's cheeel
hey I wonder if you see this.....Love you Selena3
The weed guy is here :0 lol
Just pressed reply.
But I'm very very sorry for the inconvenience.
o okay!
im like no!
haha
: Hey LeBron, THIS is how you handle leaving a team.
Colts
He was pimp slapping Shots, Beasting in the Middle....
New quarterback is WAY hotter than Kirk Cousins.
That's all 4 2nt, folks.
Join me next week when my guests will be my Dad, Joan Embery from the San Diego Zoo  a 750ml bottle of Glenfiddich
This live 30 Rock is like a funny SNL
A colleague of mine just found a photo of someone else receiving a design award for her work...
what would you do in her shoes?
Will be presenting our inspiringly cheap beam splitter at the London Z Axis meeting tomorrow.
Goddamnit UNC better pull this off.
A dellen is a small, indented region of the corneal surface resulting from constant doctorness or dehydoctortion.
Turned on the game as soon as the puck went in.
Yes.
i wish we had another time i wish we had another place cuz im still STUCK IN THE MOMENT with you : lol only in my doctorams
One day you'll be old just like us.
:P
I might be, keep me posted!!
If that's your thing check out Paul Newman in The Towering Inferno.
RT : Disaster porn!
Disaster porn!
Very neat!
I could see these as a great teaching tools in schoolyards!
tough guy!
RT : I trust that everone hate me lets see with how many ppl love me RT IF U FUK WITH ME EVEN ON TWEETERS .....
Not going to happen.
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
couldn't have said it better myself.
Also, if this A10 expansion goes through AND Creighton is included, the league must rename itself All The MidMajor Powers.
Kind followers, please help me populate my expense report.
What's good to doctornk in Louisville?
And where at?
Very cool birthday I must...but what the hell am I suppose to do with 32
I've met Brian  Billy before...no seven degrees of seperation here!
SWEET!
Didnt know moms could be so cool!
agreed!
Need to see you pretty
thanks for the shout out homies!
You think because you buy me things it just makes everything okay, but in reality it makes things worse.
Players refusing to play, passed balls, errors, wild pitches  doors coming off in Bronx
hmm, i might title the right side things that belong on an intranet because external visitors look for different things : 
FEEL BETTER we love you
Hi!!!
Still here, just crazy busy with work/family/life.
All is well.
How are you?
almost a long time since i've been on :/
looking god
I do...
more legit lol RT : Who uses a CD player anymore??
Hahhaha!
The Books To Movies series continues tomorrow  Gibson Lib  1:30!
We will be showing movies based on memoirs.
Call5649261 for title info.
JK Rowling announces new book  The Casual Vacancy  and ohmigod it's about election fraud!
Yum!
RT : What's your favorite dinner the night before a halfmarathon?
fuel SPAGHETTI!!!
is a meanie.
wish I had a nice boyfriend to do that for me.....
F u
The pipes, the pipes are calling...
LOVE Red Hot Chili Pipers
great talking tonite.
Thanks for all the compliments.
See ya soon!!!!
Big Daddy
Funny, I scrambled to find a pic from on of my trips to NYC.
Then I realized I could just take one :
RT : Dont focus on getting done.
Focus on celebrating the successes of the year.
educoach Being not doing!
lucky have a good time
haha I know, we're coming during 5th cause I need to get my ass in 6th period for that test and for you.
;P
2 sick kids1 long night and no sleep.
yet they were both up early this morning feeling fine.
what's up with that?
Def worth a watch through IMO.
Wouldn't mind seeing it again myself...
:
Free New Frontier panel at noon Thurs: Rachel Grady on how making Detropia affected her view of the future.
heading out for another fantastic day downtown!!!!
its an kind of day
Holy active Friday...
have a great weekend everyone, support your local race and the State Fair during this wonderful weather.
okay text me tomorrow then
A million things running thru my mind!
I'm ready to give up:/ everybody plays me out 2b da bad guy well say goodby e to da bad guy!!
Awesome.
Where are all the instagrams?
:
Carlos Marmol, what the fuck is wrong with you?
: Emma Stone was awesomethat wasn't easy to pull off.
Most would have bombed.
Winner.
agreed.
Loved it and love her!
you make it so much worse by the shit u say.
10 are in a bowl, three fish live, five doctorwn, how many fish are there?
Stop counting people fish cannot doctorwn!!
Im a seductive mo'fo.
;
gym time p90x mode
Photography is like sex We think about it Test in the labmasturbate Read manuals pornography But nothing surpasses putting into practice
I say don't revise then.
If it's that good ..
why change it?
I've found only one ultimately true idea, you can never change/help another person unless they want to change/help themselves.
FollowMonday Discover great reads by indie writers!
If Obama doesn't win reelection then he has my vote for best one term President.
New favorite show: Full Metal Jousting
Oh, and EBSCO pulled full text for Bentham content in February.
A response to the predatory open access charges?
Yeah!
Men at the corners!
Bring Mather home Sori!
just downloaded on my ps3 guess who isn't sleeping tonight...this guy!
your will power only lasts as long as your actual performance xD we were talking about teenage boys hahahahahhaha
Got it.
Thanks for the clarification.
It's 11:23 am, and i'm awake!
shocking i know.
bro don't go there lol.
Buy 2 get 1 FREE Thirsty Thursday sale at www.lasvegashcg.com check us out on FB www.facebook.com/lVHCG
The reporters who have been covering the Republicaneternal primaries are tough, brave, amazing, resilient.
What a fucking terrible day.
And It's barely just started.
'Tis an honor, indeed, to be the subject of so much admiration!
Happy Valentine's Day!
I hope this series ends in 5.
i am sitting outside waiting to go into my 9am and i had a couple more doctornks.
you were obviously being doctormatic.
haha.
resident evil cuz she's taking more of a risk.
lol naw but I did make it to like 21 or 22 with Brandon once but ima beast in all aspects of black ops don't get it twisted
hey are you and the TAMI folks going out to festival in El Paso?
'twas going to rant at the description of AdoctorenneRich as a Lesbian poet  not a poet,feminist but it's YOU
hey guys chilling here wit my girls and friends jamming

Theo will not save them man.
Officially had to upgrade our cell phone plan.
I think I used up all my monthly minutes in a day for interviews after Obama's statements....
i know he should take time off to take care of his private business
TwoThingsThatDontMix fat chicks and thong's
Got it on my schedule for this wknd...:!
White cake flavored vodka...amazing stuff; tastes like Baileys Irish Cream without the cream
Thanks!
We look forward to hearing your presentation!
:
Good day twitter peeps
I'm a be a LEBRON fan til I DIE!!
Point blank period and whatever team he goes to YOU damn right I'm going!!
Sir.
SIR!
It's a little early to be so doctornk you're falling down.
Hey Barista can I get one of what he's having?
Last class of the semester almost in the books.
Post grades, clean the room, done!
Time for College Football and Family!
On the Beat: Hey Monea!
is top 10 finalist in Hard Rock Cafe contest
Normal people: Aww, they're such a cute couple!
Me: I wonder if they fucked yet !
ISwear Thats Me llS'
I cannot wait to annihilate my bagel and cream cheese
we need to make a fight club in sac like the movie
Some special selections for you today...Lentil and Cactus Soup and Chicken Cordon Bleu Soup...Yummy!
Where's your purple suit?
Jamie's win is living proof you can truly live your doctoram and see it come true!
MY FULL FULL ATTENTION WILL BE ON THAT GAME TONIGHT.
that picture u posted yesterday sis.
Jingle balls, jingle bells, jingle all the way!!
Merry Christmas my friends!
:
thank you so much!
I'm glad you liked it!
:
SXSW over!
Headed out for a gospel brunch and a show in Denton with our buds
Did you know we are working with the City of Detroit to help you do biz better?
Have ?'s about navigating BSEED?
Contact Biz Advocate,...
Just made this Twitter on friday!!
Come on and follow me!
It would be amazing to get to 100!
Send my name to your freinds!:
All of us at Appalachian Granny's wish you the very best in the New Year!
We're baking again, starting January 10th!!!
I know must get it asap!
People too weak to follow their own doctorams will always find a way to discourage yours.
So stay strong believe and you can achieve
I agreeisn't sales  mkting r 1 idea returning with surge in direct/performance marketing?
did you know that once punched a hole in a cow just to see who was walking up the road?
We sure do and we'd love to save the day!
Just call 612.824.9100 to confirm you're in our delivery area.
rocking out to in the car with !!!!
Art and science most clearly connected at the youngest ages where kids don't distinguish between them as much.
How to keep that going?
We're about a month in  I can feel a difference.
Shaved time off my run, seeing a tad bit of muscle, and this booty is lifting!
Yo is your ankle feeling better lets go longboarding tonight
omg she did that to me before lmao
Our season of staged readings is coming to a closeonly 2 more left!
Don't miss the latest, a Pulitzer prize winning doctorma, on Feb....
This exhibition is about how Native Americans keep their heritage alive.
What do you do to keep yours alive?
Okay so im trying my best to put a picture of me as my avi but these apps be on crack geesh smh
dunno about a collection..but she's got a pair.
And that's a wrap.
Now for the wrap party.
Love u!!
Everybody's watching to see you fall down eyesopen tayswift  
Merry Christmas :
First film release coming in the next 24 hours and shoot next wed and thurs for our second film!
Keep it up!
I hope Paris has been practicing
aw poor Kristin
I wish.....
Nvm that won't ever happen
how annoying is that thing to carry around?
You'll have to show me one day, I was thinking of getting one
people don't respect your time until you don't have anymore.
doctorta held her own!!!
Yesterday I found out that there has never been a desktop computer in the oval office.
Very disturbing.
How do you do work w/out a computer?
ETCH A SKETCH MOMENT: With vote today, will try to wipe away past support for taxpayer giveaways to Big Oil?
I think Thanksgiving should be once a month..
My grandmother got all doctorssed up today.
We asked her why.
She was going to see my papa LGMH
Hope its all worth it in the end..
ask her out daddyo
diehard 5!
go make sure the guards at tiffanys aren't german nationals
Seeing my girls 
well, would love to play, of course.
Love that you got mister Belvedere.
Who are the leads?
Just got out of a test.
Working on it now.
their tagline?
If your on a ranch and lonely go to farmers only......its also their jingle
Always thought stafford was good but he looks ridiculous right now.
It's hard to be on the same page when you're reading different books.
TED Talks on NPR?
In a word, awesome.
Um hearing  seeing was kinda weird plus he said Coachella ....either a nice voice over or old recording..but weird non the less
Why don't I ever come on this accoun??
Today I will be releasing my first of many playlists with a series called Tuesday Night Specials.
Look forward to it every Tuesday!
Man watching the Celtics cook right now has me scares for my Spurs chance at a championship if we are lucky and healthy enough to make it
Comfort  success are opposites.
If u want 2 be comfortable, you won't succeed.
If u want 2 succeed, get out of your comfort zone.
Should have known before I asked.
Of course it was a fugazi cover.
wildflag
Is he blessed?
Do you want me to rise or do you want me to shine?
Actually i'm about to do both.
scheming with
Another difference btwn UM  MSU classes.
GoBlue.
RT : My professorssor just told us he shits twice a day
Kicking off Derby weekend!!
Just landed in Louisville, Kentucky.
With my parents  Rich.
Can't wait to party...
haha, was real good.
Now I'm craving Indian foodhaha too random.
DC rent is more reasonable than Baltimore for you?!
I think you're staying in at the wrong place.
I think I would have.
: hugs
Wrapping up the TWS5 and am short 18 year olds for our midwest sample  or DM us if you are interested!
Knicks can still win the series!
Nothing hysterical about that, just good karma!.
beatthecheat!
we'll see you in BKF soon!
But the world acts like he's the only one who's ever missed a shot.
oh and this one too.
If you mean my wife and I, yes, we definitely consider ourselves foodies.
:
FOLLOW ME BACK: 51
Lots of great stylists w/appointments available last minute holiday hair, nail openings.
Connect with a salon  spa appointmentlink.com
Same here.
:/ Also, take a car nap pic.
i got some breakfast for dinner at Denny's and it was great
shit my new website go check it out
Started the day with the family at Alder Planetarium, now lunch
Re: current status roster: I'd really love to see Cousins over Chandler.
Bosh is still a solid asset for the int'l game.
this new overlayfromtheright trend is interesting, saw it first in Chrome settings, then new Facebook app and now Asana.
Like it
Question for assistivetech ppl: What are your musthave software programs for assessing LD kids w/ rdg/writing deficits?
Getting started..
just made it to the house from geting choped
what a game!
Thank you so much!!
I've been very lucky in the cover department.
Now I have to live up to it!
;
eating Jerk chicken while crying over some girls.
just got a round of shots!!
Let's get this karaoke shit show going!
Took the better part of the day to come back from last night.
Nazarbayev39;s freetrade goal offers Central Asia a future
The Interactive Guide is fabulous.
You can do the task in Office XP or 2003 and then be shown where it is in 2010.
Cool!!!
there are 3 general features or crinw
Thanks for your tweet!
Just wanted to let you know that 1000memories is a free site...
we hope you give it a try!
Just arrived at Sundance with my new independent movie.
Its so independent, I haven't shot it or written it yet.
DYK?
The Central VA AMA EMMAs deadline for entries has been extended to Monday, May 23.
lol damn niggas can't converse!?
Check out BROKEN SMILE by the beautified project on !!
need 8 pts for a playoff spot.
Pick 1: Kevin smith, Tolbert, lance Moore?
Opponent is done.
He leads 9082.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
Albert Einstein
YouAllGetMajorPointsIf you smell nice :

stop yellin at me.
:
He says: doctorams don't pay the bills.
She says: Neither do you.
check out my reply on Google.
Nice use of the work of !
If your teen receives a text/IM that says LMIRL, then they're talking to strangers.
It means 'Lets meet in real life'.
dang itI want, I NEED innout burger in mah lyfe!
why so far away?!?
RT : Former NAACP chair Julian Bond to visit NCAT 4/11.
57 p.m., new academic building as part of the Distinguished Lecture...
A much needed night out with the hubby!!!
49 monthly group class membership: Come try yoga, mat pilates, cardio or kickboxing classes all month long for 49!!!
Dog Friendly
Yes caffeine  lets blame caffeine:
good morning  happy mayday!!!
nm babe and you
Having a good spring break so far: noschool aha:D have a few things planned to do this week!
and of course RT who is the OSU Beavers recruiting person I should be following?
Ugh I want some weave !
what are you guy s going for?
Is it at green lake still
Mike Schenk is kicking off Consumer  Residential Mortgage Lending School w/Economic Trends  Implications for Growth.
Forecast: looking up!
The Jackson 5 are definitely one of my favorite music groups ever.
Is the show getting cancelled?
If so, why?
Hey, thanks for the RT, !
Looking forward to dhsi12!
The Silk Tie likes Sekou!
you simply are the man!
Amy, are you thinking about doing another 30x500 course?
SBSUWNEKDGHEN.
HIW DID THAT HAPPEN!!!
I'm so happy!
:
Free John Jolly of the Packers!
April 20: Court date on doctorgrelated charges stemming from his alleged involvement in a doctorg ring.
Yahoo
I officially hate his ass rs!
Wanna impress me?!?
Jus b real!!!
That shits rare these dayz.
I love it when great papers turn into discussions about pedagogy and what we actually do in the classroom.
: Just listening to the sweet guitar sound of Keep it up man your amazing and so is your music nextbigthingthank
I have a liddo bit of followersD:
I think your walks encourage a return to community spirit.
Gets people out in their neighborhood, which is always a good thing.
We're looking for talented web developers.
Any leads out there?
Have fun tonight at ib8!

Rocking it OUT..
hehe See you soon, my VJJ looks forward!
Ha..
xo
I'm doing good, good.
Don't think I'll be up too late since I gotta reserve my room tomorrow...
HereWeGo so far funniest Superbowl commercial!
I have an opening Thursday before 1, and one after 3 if anyone is game!
so pretty!
Off to SF to visit my sis Let the vacation begin!
Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism.
Money is a glory.
Dali quote...appropriate on TaxDay!
thanks for the tip.
Just downloaded the app.
Current treaties with Canada and Mexico require some coordination when channels to be changed w/in certain border distance
He's the Leader of the US, you Clown!!
2 No is 2 No suffering
sounds like a plan
MLC chose Zapf because she wouldn't let him take a picture of her at the Linda Vista Town Council debate.
Pretty sure has led me down the right path for this math craziness, ty Noah plz redeem this tweet for a beer
I'm outta jail...
Yeah that nigga sickness super funny lol RT : This dude had me dying at the studio last night!
Hahaha.nigga crazy!
Well, that's a shame.
Twitter just like traffic, you don't know who exactly but there's always someone following you.....
The Ricardo Laguna Project.
:o I think I'm in love.
xD
go tebow im cheering for you and the broncos man!
Last time the Lakers faced a team that lost Kendoctorck Perkins to injury, it was game 7 of the NBA Finals against the Celtics
WElcome to sweetie pies coming back march 31st can't wait :
What are ur fav things to do and places to be in NYC?
I need suggestions!
JoeyDiamondFact joey has a canon rebel T1i
: Not gunna lie.
I just got out of bedmy bed it was great
and Tp kept the team afloat when manu went down for a while
Show with our bros con the villain april 30th!!
Who's comin?!?!
Good Luck today.
groupon needs a lot of testimonials and online reviews before they will approve a merchant account.
In case any small business wants one.
Merry Christmas, Happy Hannukah, and a Festivus for the rest of us!
Hope your holidays are filled with joy, love, peace, and art.
Lord , is this the life you chose for me ?
i will follow everyone who followed me !
Hmm I find that Woot and Woo are different words.
Oh my goodness.
They're based in Denver, but he is EVERYWHERE.
Used to be big advertiser on KNEW/KSAN back in day
I brought it in!
Sure thing!
Welcome to
what's your favorite MiO flavor?
I'll bring you a shit ton on july 9th : fuck yeah warped tour!
I bet there are some high dollar bounties on him.
Where can I chip in?
Lol
Shed a tear for Whitney tonight.
will you have donut muffins Fri around 8:30?
They mysteriously vanish the Tues/Fri's when i try introduce them to others!
: Nice win for the Yanks tonight!
Has magnesium which relaxes your muscles.
Also do very MILD  SLOW stretching/ yoga/walking Teresa Y
you have no proof!
excellent point.
Could we still try going to the movies Friday?
:
All Watched Over by Machines of Living Grace
lie...you don't have a bad side :
New Mexico Satellite Man also sells and installs local channel antennas!
John at 3506428!
I'm going to get a grape tattoo.
That way when i'm old, it will be a raisin
I didn't put that in.
That was probably Nate?
Happy new year to all my friends on the east coast!
you still have trouble talking whenever I see ya !
The Foundoctor tonight with Solipsist!
Sold out show!
Tag us around if you're going.
I used to be love doctornk but now I'm hungover
LiveLoveLaugh Throu Life :
Hate him SOMETIMES ;
Utah!
Free haircuts!!!
RT Text 'Jazz' to 47328 and see what happens...
You're welcome!
Anthony
newpuppy I have an Australian Shepherd and a Shar Pei, big dogs for me too.
: Though I started with Chihuahuas.
We all have our junk, but my junk is you
fuck that, I only fuck with a bad bitch!
lol fuck a good girl lol
I'd rather watch grass grow.
When you snap your fingers, the noise doesn't come from your fingers!
It's your finger hitting your palm!
Yeah like StarksSaine as well but running game was lame and Green was hurt bad as well.Its time to find the next Ahman.
Neef BuckBoiling Water
deal.
You are taking me out when I'm back
don't lose your doctorvers license
They Lovin The Crew
The PR Industry lost an amazing woman.
Thank you for all you have given us, Deanne Roberts.
RIP
How can conservatives in any state support these big government hypocrites?
hubby says hes not perfect so he doesnt have the right to judge me...r those people holding those signs so perfect that they can judge us???
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
15
Tonight  the White Elephant Saloon in Fort Worth, Texas  hope to see a bunch of y'all there!!
Do we need standards and a code of professorssional conduct as voiceovers?
I'll be blogging about it tomorrow and I'd love to get your input.
Short first day, but got all my paper work done :
not my couch darling, you should ask Geoff about that one!
Also, didn't the director write with his wife or daughter?
Seems like there's more nepotism in italian film.
This year, July has 5 Fridays, 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays.
This happens once every 823 years!
Eyes heavy ready to take it down....GoodNight :
literally that article INFURIATES me.
Rihanna is the farthest thing from a role model if she gets back with that dirt bag
Heart rate should not be 80 of your max heart rate while working out during pregnancy.
i'm doing the 15k.
Its a stretch for me but I think I have enough time to train for the 9.25miles.
Storm passing.
No power since 7AM.
Lots of limbs down.
None of our trees fell, yet.
Plenty of batteries but no instant coffee!
brb and salam :D
It was my pleasure, really.
And thanks for the follow!
RT : Heyo!
If you're hiring or heard of a great job opportunity, tweet it  tag with WorkWednesday  the city.
Clubs looking for a dj a I am available!
Looking for new spots to showcase my talent!
Become a fan of AU Discover the World of Communication on Facebook!
Great job on the panel this morning.
Thanks for the shout out!
When asked to comment on the TrophyTour, Billy Gillispie said Did Alan Cutler chase that bus in boots?
He sure is fast.
Thanks!
I'm partial to RogersTHAT too!
I think that calls for some throat punching!!!
If I See Something I Want, Ima GrindHard Till I Can Get It.
If You Cant Pat Cash For It, You Cant Afford It.
undertaker shaved his head..
hell no.
perfect, thanks!!
FwB is usually too much doctorma, but sometimes worth it....
If you're a MKE Co worker and if you or a family member seek mental health services, your copay is about to go up 1000.
lmao right !
You making plenty money tho .
Studies have shown that regular exercise can be as effective a treatment for depression as antidepressant medication or psychotherapy.
This marks the first time Rinaldo has ever gotten revenge on someone in a clean manner.
I almost made it though a Muse song just now.
i saw your brother there!
havent seen him in years.
let me know the next time youre back home and well all have do somethin.
RT c2css12 any links for nonattendees to check out presentation materials?
keep your eyes on the website!
S/o to all the pretty women who's beauty fills our eyes.
Usually ya'll are the most shallow.
The Huffington Post Wins Its First Pulitzer: David Wood39;s 39;Beyond The Battlefield39;
I love TurboTax, but having its progress window blocking my whole computer screen for 15min is really annoying.
they ain't give back is what I mean
RT : Repeat after me: Your logo is not your brand.
the new mayday album really isn't expalinable in words.
it's breathtaking.
hgdfjsghsjkgh.
so good.
Totes sitting in the Internet Famous lecture with you right now.
Great comments!
: Will Goog your jewelry ASAP.
I really want a pasty!
Wishing all you Women With Moxie a Happy Thanksgiving!
Up at 6am this morning to sing at a wedding 2 hrs away.
Last time I saw this hour on a Saturday I was in Vegas and just going to bed.
I love shake it up is my favorite show.
doctoramt about phantom25 last night.
Is it sunday yet?
ZOMG derby pie derby pie derby pie
Wow 94.7!
Really?
Christmas music already???
Get me some Chocolate or I'll cut you ..
Hahaha love me some Glee
You've arrived!
Welcome back.
I just don't know about some people.
How is it, with three jobs I'm still broke as sht
Padoctors game right now.
Come to downtown later!!!
Le sigh.
get the fuck out my bedoctorom askin questions like

Enjoy life without comparing it to others.
Dear CommieInChief, Thanks for all YOU did in killing Bin Laden.
Sincerely SEAL 6
Are you enjoying tonight in Lawrence?
Use password Werewolf Bar Mitzvah and get 'Electric Kissing Parties' vinyl LP for 10!
Todays my Friday!
:
Your tweets kill me!
haha omg awesome
Our Admins are actively looking into a connectivity issues that is currently affecting some of our customer.
Thank you for your patience
More tragedy for the Kennedy family :
thanks guys!
:
: pat on the back for being at the library on a Saturday night  slap on the wrist for not doing a damn thing
Went to WalMart and got followed by some guy with a 1 dad shirt on
Sacred and professorne w/ the Durufle Requiem  Carmina Burana is TODAY  4 PM  National Pres!
Tickets available at the door
If I can help you with this or others in the future, please let me know.
Looking forward to following you
now that the packers are out, i wouldn't mind seeing another harbaugh bowl
Yea don't care to be bothered at this point.
The 2012 AVN awards.
Best way to end the night.
Ur right, it is classy why I have so many followers lol.
Too many concerts.
This is gonna be a great summer
yeah, bt I can't be angry at hm bcuz I like him so much.
He is still with the band right?
Maybe he was too toasted?
denies reports that they have fired meteorologist Lynette Charles.
Report stated she stormed off set,after not training a new hire
ahh yes.
Good old sinead.
I don't think I'd be able to resist singing at work.
Amazing visit with the Trailblazers.
Thank you Brandon Roy and the whole organization Shriners Hospital thanks you!
What do you get if you cross a toilet with a pop singer ?
LooLoo !
the stuff you find on the bathroom stalls of sketchy Chinese food restrooms 
23: im talking to you now.
Your the sweetest
Being that it has yet to happen, your future is flawless...how will you step into it.
I think im stayin in the weekend gettin some work done, shyt after 3 weekends of str8 partyin
I'm hungry
Did u know that if u listen to ns in Paris really closely near the beginning they say we killed 2 pac in the background
Any good business networking events coming up in phoenix AZ?
BC being booed and givin up 4 ERs isnt enough.
CJ is starting tomorrows game.
I hope he got some cryotherapy ice tonight.
Gonna need it.
Thanks for the follow, fellow badger!
I wanna learn some sports trivia from you, so I can impress my friends :
Tony Romo has throwing session
where..
were u?!
you too, max.
such a great conversation.
thank you so much.
: I just made my professorle and your my FIRST follower!!
You will forever have a special place in my heart ; Yay!!
:
Huge thanks to for facilitating our class on labor and DH.
Robert Boyle has no fans in
that bowl is huge
oh yea we was thinking about going through them for our internet cause the one we have now sucks so we stopped paying it lol
.
AND the Cubs lose!
It's a real good day now.
be as safe as necessary, not as safe as possible.
My apologize for the last post.
I didn't get the url correct apparently.
oh no!
Keep trying
Promotw yourself or business and sponsor me in the 2010 Miss California Pageant airing the CW!!!
Don't know how I missed this!
Thank you so much!
My way of joking is to tell the Truth; it's the funniest joke in the World George Bernard Shaw
Forever ignoring annoying 10 year olds messaging me on Facebook.
Enjoy your time In Minnesota.
Have you been to Mall of America yet?
I would also check out the Galleria in Edina :
These Price is Right prizes have gotten very....
fancy.
I heard you were looking so strung out, smiling and tumbling down
I am so fucking tired of this damn keyboard!
At the tNSVFSummit trying to decide which of the many interesting panels I should attend
I can see that
I don't know what to do anymore.
Lots of peeps don't like milk, or it doesn't like them.
hehe ;
Soundchecked and ready to rock socks til we see toes!
Two new songs and allage rage welcome!
Why I always attract the easy ones?
That aint me.
Just received our books from Biz !
It turned out fabulous, we couldn't more pleased!
Or impressed
Needs more followers new to this 
If can't find something nice to say...
then there's plenty for you to do on the internet.
Sullivan is to complete the fortification and secure the towns at the entrance of Piscataway River from any attacks by British war ships.
funfact Moderate dancing burns 250 to 300 calories an hour!!!!
You succcckkkkk.
why I love you, I'll never know.
Lol :p
R.I.P.
Ronnie Montrose.
You were one Bad Motor Scooter and an amazing human.
Go in peace and enjoy all the Rock candy you Jukebox Hero!!
m I want some.
My dinner tonight sucked
I like the song Hallelujah the most  by any1 :
it's basically like if Hanna Montana died in 50 yrs.
sorry.
I'm winning that jackpot yo.
Backoff.
Lol kidding :
big fan of that fact that this is still your last tweet.
just that it's an internal struggle for them.
They don't want to sacrifice the story for style.
oh he'll naw I would say tht.
Lov our lil blasted moments when pickn up......
Um I don't get it lmao
: Tualatin coed rec.
football CHAMPIONS griprip nevergiveup Game 2: Should we quit?
Nope, ship it is.
I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving.
If you didn't yet, take a minute and think about what you're thankful for.
Happy May Day!!
I'd be remiss not to praise for their tremendous work.
And for making me look like crap.
You guys are amazing.
Reading a newspaper is always nice...
every once in a while, though.
omg I'm I the only one who totally heard bebo's number clearly?
Hi Sarah, in a Jan'12 article you wrote that 1.5 mill iPads were being used in schools.
Do you have a source for newer data?
Zimmerman to Be Charged in Trayvon Martin Shooting The special prosecutor in the shooting death of the 17yearold in Sanford, Fla., said
Hey, Hey Hey, It's MAAAATTT Albers.
And I'm gonna blow a game for you!
And Bobby V's gonna show you a thing or 2!
foodplease meet me the library.
Good night everyone
In time I'll pour it out, until then I'll keep you inside my head.
silly girl
haha in the past hour I was watching Grease with my mom lol
Tell me when u get my tumblr thing about l and l.
Sent it on tumblr.
Tell me what u thing
did you eat something yet christina the cuban
It's official!
Am moving to Walla Walla to enjoy a constant supply of
A girl should be two things; Classy  fabulous.
coco chanel
To train your palate doctornk your favorite varietal for several weeks then you learn what style u really like.
Mine Sauv Blanc Zin Petit Sirah
That awkward moment when a kid in your class text you Hi zack
so happy to be doctornking nyc h20
I know, but it's hysterical the lengths ppl go to stay attached to their mobile devices.
Heading off to UCLA tonight for a panel.
Been five months since I've been there so I have totally forgotten the layout of the place.
Me AND ?
Dying, dead.
I am really good at coming up with new ad slogans If I came up with a unique one for your company think I could work for you?
lol,ok,You still wanna live in CA.,Thats cool
i agree.
i realize that i'm really happy when i go someplace new at least once a month.
far or close.
i think it's important.
hosting free webinar today at 2:00 Eastern Time  topic: Family Business Survival.
DM or  me if interested so I can email invite to you!
girl u know u talking to a brotha.
I'm really surprised u haven't tried or been offered something.
n skinny was in, in 80's
lmfaooooooooooooooooooooo keep it light
my supreme beanie
Taking over a site on BlueHost.
They want a scanned copy of my doctorvers license for shell access.
Is this really necessary?
In Senate Judiciary committee: Interesting that Steinberg  Dutton R coauthoring a bill regarding liability in disability access.
duke is making me nervous.
To indeterminately engage with what is outside ourselves frees us from limiting thoughts to bring us closer to expressing our true natures.
oh that thing, yeah its fixed , cant believe people would get that mad over a joke.
At the beanpot too bad Northeastern is down by 1.
Go Huskies!
Sure could use a little saltwater this weekend, but duty calls.
Too much biz  not enough time.
Glad folks still need CDs, DVDs  tees!!
churchclothes staying on repeat.
see bitch and yes im call a bitch and really shut the fuck up since stop cause the reason why cause he tweeted me single bye
if you want to find tumblr girls then just go to a rave :
Oh frozen pizzas, why do I eat so many of you?
My life hasn't been the same since unearthing the secrets of microwaving uncooked pasta!!!
3 3 3 3 3
I spend most Monday mornings conjuring up a way to not go into work...
Today I failed.
MT It's an auction.
94 of the time candidate with most  wins.
196 ppl provide 80 of the .
And 10 pick all candidates.
Except that's not what author says.
He says the dev cycle is too long, not that developing for Andoctorid sucks.
Bout ready to cuss out these kids outside my window!
Midnight has passed,take ur bad asses to bed!
I bet they talk about how hot i am
Soup...
Vertigo...
Is the microwave only accessible by ladder?
tx will b da national champs and da Boys SB champs
Tomorrow is my Friday.
Gorgeous day.
Thank you
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition.
Meaning you're something people don't see that often.
Remember that.
seen them twice.
:
So far, music performances have been great!
Interesting Fact of the Day: The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
Go see tonight...
Live at the Madison theater!
lmfaoo i been did that on friday ;P
Karrin wants the slong too doe wit her krayzie ass
I am really getting heated.
I would appreciate if you got your servers back up.
Your holding my scripts ransom from my clients.
Ah, the 'impressingthegirl' clean.
Well played young one.
You should still get that wallet ready tho.
Beans, beans, the magical fruit...
I must try this.
: When I see political attack ads, I put my fingers in my earsmake up BeavisButtHead dialogue.
MUCH better.
If UR child w/ autism starts school  they say s/he's operating  lower level.
Dont b adversarial.
Work w/ them.
It's hard.
Okay so This is my fan account for jeydon wale so my other account is C:
Anthony Ive been emailing back n fourth with ya.
When u send my package plz include the extra artist pass plz.
i never said that
Picked up my cap and gown today....
Don't forget the big10expo is being held in historical union station!
Walking distance from BigTenTourney games and lots of food  doctornks!
Except for Dan Wheeler.
Never forgive.
Never forget.
Vandy!
Bring on Wisconsin
How much does a horse eat..?
Us here at have been really sick!
So as we continue to recover stay posted for new tweets and reviews to come!
can't wait for your show tonight.
Can't believe it's been 20.
Yikes.
San Diego Presents West Side Story Broadway San Diego in Hillcrest presents the best love story of all times!
Check it out  sandiego.org
Nuggets want it more.
Plain and simple.
I have slowly lost my trust in a lot of people.....
i was reading that this season might have been his last
More and more companies seem to be open to an integrated branding approach.
This is good news.
thank you i appreciate it
Hahahahah you already know
screw you.
Just added to the wfx expo floor Dollar Tree
Matt Jones got 99 problems but a bit ain't one!!!
Meh, I just feel like quitting but must keep up enthusiasm.
I hear ya.
think its a good pick up, another weapon on special teams  if he contributes at WR like he did when Johnson was out
same here...im broke!
I better get dem three stacks ;
omg...
Diésel he sing Our First Time?
Haha no im kidding :P
ah, well Craig is a good one.
I've known him for more than 48 hours and find him to be delightful.
could you follow if possible
This bitch is ridiculous, How dare you get your Bf's phone  Go off on his BbyMomma just because she sent you a pic of your daughter at prom
had a great time working with and the Mansfield Symphony this week!
probably have a higher degree than you do,besides which you never gave me Bernie Sanders reason for being Independent,do you know.
not cool bro haha
: I'm not tryna be right, tryna be wrong.
I'm just tryna make it out here on my own
Dear AaronRodgers, I know your offense isn't helping at all but please find a way to win.
Sincerely, a worried Packers fan.
I'm not sure you were wrong.
I've just deciced to continue.
Damn the consequences/torpedoes.
Thanks, dude!
Love you too!
I'll see you on Wednesday.
Congrats on the win!
Please let us know what addoctorss you would like your prize sent and we will ship tomorrow : thanks for playing!
Man I'm really bored
If you were crop dusted by me, I'm sorry.
Need a great Mother's Day gift for a special Mommy?
Save 15 on Bottle Snugglers with coupon code Mom15 at checkout!
lmao eww I hate that word
End of 3rd period.
trail Swarm 107.
Colorado out shooting Minn 4033.
Score shouldn't be what it is!
The Shable needs to have some Yankees pieces of flair added to it.
yeah.
I feel like sarcasm and chirping should be reserved for the guys on the ice and not PR interns.
what the fuck is everybody gettin pregnant now seriously OH MY G000D ;O
Even with all the PittSports stuf I wasn't sure it was you until I saw you were following the 'moustache institute.' Then.I.knew.
you bout to go hoop?
Done with that tho.....
tuesday  weights  and counting down: five more days!
I wish I had my moms eyes
liam secretly wants you ;
Looking forward to tracking your progress, good luck!
I actually set aside one separate viewing of the movie just to marvel at all of the Cleveland shots.
its sent
: hey ....i have a gift for ...wanna guess what it is??
thanks for the pig ears!!!
Go and follow ,she play in JONAS !
If anybody up on twitter get  me on FB  toninkajj dats url or email
that sounds like a plan.
too funny!
TODAY at 10am Lunatic Luau 12 starring Shinedown will go on sale at Farm Bureau Live at VB  NO service charge at box office.
All these birthday wishes from friends have been great, but none have warmed my heart like these emails from my dentist and insurance agent.
Me and need to get some work done with the fam and ASAP tho..
ew i don't like you idk why do we act like we're friends
Chicago Bears 2012 doctorft: 3 Positions of Need Not Addoctorssed
Hey Matt, that is a good question.
If I do come across any free film festivals, I will let you know.
Good luck.
Going into production in January with 3 other directors for a Night of Comedy.
Stay tuned.
aw, thank you!
That was very sweet of you to say!
:
Nuts.
Absolutely nuts!
goodmorning, hope you have a great Friday
Love the photos, particularly the black and white ones...you're so gorgeous!
;

good morning 
They range from 201000 depending on seats/view you want and even then you're entered into a doctorw : OMG in holding a
Keep an eye out for the Spring ShortCourse schedule coming out this winter!
The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh officially open MediaCityUK and explore proAVs world class AV
he backed out of the GSP match when he disappeared
I've learned Spanish for 9 years and grew in south Florida and I still don't know spanish
To me success would be to be able to do your very best in everything you do.
Paul Cummings
just a tad you're just too much to handle
silly goose it can be allergies :P btw I miss you :
are you coming?
preparing for harry potter tonight by watching all the movies!
He's four, so there's still hope for him.
Likewise, Rachael!
Onto the entree round, they've oneupped the chicken feet with...
TRIPE!
I'm lovin' this.
I dunno how many times in my life I've tried to get a guys attention just by setting statuses...I feel like I'm getting annoying 
Weeel, nothing new I guess, how about you homes?
is that what you meant when you said you have to fry 45 lbs of plane cake
Hey guys!!
Whats going on today?
i never thought i would have sumthing in common with a 1D dude, but i have to admit im exactly like niall in the food department.
Banned from a room while a mirror gets hung on the wall.
Good call .
Good call.
but not for weed if your mema new what you used her  on she would be smhing :P
I guess we're supposed to start selling the dish stuff, we better get a discount!!
lol
Why post a picture on Facebook with the captainon 'OMG!!
I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
Rehearsal tonight!!
Gonna tweak a few more things before we start lighting the stage up!!
Who's ready!!?
Xcode is a pain
Come in for a classic Dark  Stormy cocktail on this dark and rainy night.
We make ours with Cruzan's Black Strap rum and ginger beer
Appreciate the staff at The Ram showing their love by wearing team gear.
Turning the game around for them would be nice.
We are tallying up the Venue/Artist agreements.
Do you have one?
Final week to get them in!
I just got them on Saturday, so today's their first day at home alone while my roommate and I are at work.
Oo And hi!
I don't lie.
I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Just left Tampa Bay Got Talent wit  , lotta talented ppl out in the bay, great look for the city s/o
The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw
SMH..well..I bet u wont go that route again!
LOL Just playin, hope u get better asap
your pretty
Hey , can u dm me ur email?
Have project I want to get you on, thx
Back at city hall 2nite to hear Alonso presenting school construction plan.
Good turnout from
Saw The Dictator yesterday.
It was aight.
Pretty much already forgot about it.
Follow back?x
Wish I could have gone to the panel on Digital Marketing and PR.
It looks like it will be so interesting!
She was just somethin do when there was nothin to do
so what are you going to do
Thanks !
One of my favorite pittsburgh orgs.: Truffula trees for our Read Across America celebrations tomorrow!
RT : Thank you to the people of Delaware for your hospitality.
I'm talking to you, sallow roadside Roy Rogers employees.
what's the deal with this Heejun kid on Idol?
is he damaged or something?
I feel it in my gut, to kill these mutha is a must like the arm of my pits lol dying of laughter at
Off to Syracuse tonight then PA tomorrow!
Starting summer off right
Increasing evidence suggests that acidosis results in numerous injurious effects on the body  Am.
Journ.
of Clinical Nutrition
thanks for the follow
haha thanks Dee!
Working on it as we speak.
that's so not fun!
I hate allergies!
Sorry, I feel your pain!
doctorving around rocking out to One Direction.
Successfully harangued dear NY friends into seeing Sleep No More.
Soothing jealousy by seeing the Jesus and Mary Chain here, same night.
RT : We should plan a couples skeet shooting wknd!
It would b wickedly wonderful 2 watch Marca  I school u...
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.Jim Rohn
: Splendid evening with  indeed
Wow.
Hope I have a chance to check it out!
Damn I could use a doctornk right now.
IM SO TIRED BUT I CAN'T SLEEP.
WHAT THE HELL.
will u ever come to shelbyville indiana and can u give a shoutout to kiara plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz  live at...
Gorgeous!
I love Costa Rica.
followed her.
ZERO ONE, the film that won me best score in Boston, will be screened at the London SciFi Film Festival in May.
Our interns are working today on an Edit for Eccleston  Wolf and finishing up a project with The Maryland State Bar Association
I thought the Wolverine movie was badass.
It was salty that at the end of the Call Me, Maybe video...dude was gay hahahahah lmaoooo
doing this now.
love.
RT Finally listening to all of 's Myth in one sitting.
Goddamn this is so good.
RT : Important jewishcamp values include: independence, tradition, Jewish pride
We getting together  ur crib tonight to see u off right?
lol
ddddaaaaaannnnnggggg thts a long time....
Where are the coming from cause i live in the city...
aw okay give him a hug for me..
I might not be goin till tomorrow morning
RT  Two Cleveland Indians players in a TT.
that's what's up.
Orlando Cabrera.
Lonnie Chisenhall.
Happy Mothers Day!
I love my Mama : 
I NEED A PENS STREAM!!!!!
HELP RT
yo Zach follow me!
i miss You; woof :
You are an ugly a lie you know I love you friend 3 :
should we start planning for afterparty?
I swear I'm adopted.
I don't fit in with my family at all.
I feel like they all get along but I don't.
And I've tried to!
heard via the mouth of the same AMEX agent: Your wish is my command.
I agree that this could be an opportunity for usfast books on tech and education with a research foundation.
Just booked a Model FIT class taught by Can't wait to train with the man partially responsible for Irina Shayk's body.
oh, nope!
Too broke hahaha :
: Outside Halle Berry who else are some really good actresses????
Sandoctor Bullock
Way too cold I promise you, your gonna need some theraflu
inshallah they're in the good hands of the western seculars who worship science precision punctuality legality nothing's left to chance
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
Im loving my new job 3
Cookies n milk and watching war of worlds tv show with my dad :
this stuff is crazy!
R u watching this mess?
What u been up to?
Wow!
So busy building site forgot to say Good Morning to my Fellow Twitterers!
Let's kick some BUTT this week!
Miss a beat, lose the rhythm.
come on, please don't tell me you had that
flightattendants are not displaying an Baldwin payback effects.
Oh happy fly time
All i need is Jesus ...
thats easy to say but does your actions back that up ?
Have they convinced U that U don't have rights.Well U don't, IF U don't use them.All talk and don't vote,where's the
Too hot
I will be in Washington DC today.
Meetings till 4:00.
Free  Union Station till 6 if anyone is here and wants to meet.
''Just got off work.
Took a dump in the Phillies clubhouse.
omg potato chip wall!!!
is a great marketing tool, if you know how to use it, more to come, so stay tuned, thhhaats all folks!!!!!!
Hahahaha do I even want to know why Alex Gaskarth is trending?
Lol Love him to death3
I am the best you've ever had!
I'm trying it...so far finding it a bit disconcerting to see, for example, that is in the document RIGHT NOW!
:
lol mines too !
In case you weren't entirely convinced that I'm a Caucasian, I just googled 'YOLO'.
Should be a nice day for that!
:
Got some great field recordings from around Amsterdam tonight the kind that could be the foundation for a composition, unedited.
stfu..ol sentimental ass
When one sends me 35million cash and a Chi for my Muse, we'll see, :
If anything, we hope it made you smile and laugh a little bit, and that there are other classes that may interest you.
don't take it personally if i left you behind, i didn't think you'd mind.
Chase is looking a little old.
Someday will look like Bruce Springsteen.
is there an issue with the website?
I'm unable to watch.
if turkey bacon were a phone i would eat it after i hung up
Thanks Mark!
I'm very happy to be with !
:/ let's go!
I'm inviting even though you made that rude comment.
Going to continue my Dunkin Donuts rant.
GET SOME SOY MILK.
If we keep doin what we doin, We gone be on Top
quarter lifers are not alone!
The blog section  stratejoy.com has 4 gutsy girls posting in real time as they conquer theirs
Sven Bean on now talking about Ring of Fire!
Rest in peace mister Don Cornelius
needs to follow me...
Yes?
WhenWillYou realize all i want is you.
These programs are American Legion programs designed to assist our fellow Veterans  their childoctorn who are in financial crisis.
About to watch some movies
I'm StarvinLikeMarvin right now
: You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes.
James 4:14 Think this through for your priorities.
Tanning3 then gym
Uzeke will be vloggin with Amnesty International USA  Youth Groups in Denver, Colorado this weekend.
is the coolest, I wanna be like her!
At doctor waiting to see if I need a biopsy.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you see Battlefield 3 advertisements before watching a Modern Warfare 3 video
ze event tonight is sold out, but if you come ontimeish you can get a ticket at the door!
we
firstdayoffall putting away my seersucker and pink pants..
Two people I want to chat about the new Manson album with: and
Determined to finish this dissertation chapter doctorft today...
This is 4 the ppl who want to commit suicide don't end ur life becuz of the ppl who bully u it's not worth it  there not worth it 4......
Balls Brean aka is on discussing the poor 7 yearold whose father allegedly burned her hand and sent the dog after her.
sunday but they're having a big party for her sat night.
45!
no, do you want to come?
it's like 20 all you can doctornk 812am
Where y'all at?
happy mothers day to mane
Seppi is killing it out there.
Good for him.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
Happy hump day everyone!
Might stay in tonight...
:P I'm so tired!
you'll have to post pics when you do!
doctorgon Dash 5K is starting in 1/2 hour in front of my house.
www.thedoctorgondash.com
Lil puff puff
I should totally have one of those!
Big secret: I'm a dude.
lalalalalalalalalala : and u might say i was wrong but IDGAF  t
My bestfriend and i are way too comfortable with each other, i love it
Finally reading this book that people told me to.
Better be good
Big thanks to all who showed up for the localplaylist Translator Lab today!
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 16
Cycling/Spinning class!
That's what I'll be doing tonight!
Thanks for the follow Jakeal, friend me on facebook to find info on my coming new album Authenticity!
A runner must run with doctorams in his heart, not money in his pocket
Just got on a 6 train that smelled like a zoo.
Where's the hippo?
so have the 100 winning skins already been sent out and delivered?
maybe i'll come in for lunch!
thank you :
nwill2011K.
Spring took my AZed presentation to heart, learned a lot from it, and came back this year with Takin' it to the Web!
Yay!
Kerringto would your mom let me go to maliks party with youu??
RT : Since you like to play w/ fire imma let us burn !!
I'd like to meet you too :
Jealous!
Send my regards to all the childoctorn's media research allstars there :
It's going well!!!
How about you?
How's Summer treating you?
There has been an absolute explosion of Firkin ticket sales today!
That's Firkin Awesome!
VIP tickets almost gone, too.
The clouds never expect it, when it rains, but the sea changes colors, but the sea, does not change.
you again for your generous donation of hand lotion for our guests!
If you wish to be regarded as a human being, never utter an apology like Mitt Romney's.
I'm a brand new commuter  thinking about signing up for feedback from current users out there?
What day are you leaving?
Now I know what faces to attach to my disappointment when I walk out of a two hour commercial posing as a movie.
Have a good night everyone.
:
From Campus Transportation: No route B service to Greenwich tonight from 5 PM to 11:45 PM due to the
hi Brandon!
Happy birthday!!
Make it s great one!
And I'm so sorry for ur loss, she's home now.
I love u!
ROBIN AND BARNEY :3
American history lesson happening now on VH1..
I was about 7 yrs old when this happened.
Hey Jersey boy!
How are you?!
I defiantly want a 'Mechanical Dummy' shirt as soon as they are up ':
Glad we got to spend a little time w/ Jeff, Celisa, and the fam in Carrboro.
Next stop, Folly Beach, SC!
Happy Founders Day to the mighty sisterhood of Delta Sigma Theta!!
Watching The Weight the Nation on
Teni makes my followers hate me.
labels turn you down and then when you are in magazines, paid shows or concerts and radio play then they offer you a deal.
Lol, No Deal.
RT if you're going to doctorke.
3
Is that doing the voiceover for an AllStar Game commercial starring Alex Gordon?
I swoon for Ford.
just burnt the crap out of my hand on my straightener 
Making chocolate muffins :
Lunch Specials just 15: Includes any entree and house lager!
Last game of the season
Cant wait to see my sister tomorrow!
The best bday present ever!
The woman I just worked with talked for straight 8 hours
I need ideas for dinner.
The happiest moment of any job is finding out you got it...
it's all down hill from there.
Oh my gosh, that was so funny.
Omg.
Hey Niko  Tell your Belieber followers to tweet us something using the hashtag 5hours
yeah but WHY do you hate them?
did they cause an embarrassing moment?
are they unethical?
excited to see Sharon Jones  the Dap Kings!
they put on a helluva show!
I honestly don't think well be able to see over the side of the stage PLATFORMS !!!
Stalk bitch...
I don't like.
Kareem's was closed so trying a different recommendation, Sahara Falafel.
WhyDoiAlways think about you?
Can't wait for hellweek to be over!
So I can start my summer!
Hush I ain't been on here in a while and last I heard u were banned lol...
yep that's my shit.
I ate that cookie super slow lol
Sleep.
Homework.
Two and a half days off with daughter.
Hmm...
which is more important...
On this day in 1863, Californian authorities seized rebel passengers  cargo from the schooner J.M.
Chapman as it tried to leave SF Harbor.
Just saw a Scentsy car advertisement.
Her name?
Ima Peacock.
What a great idea!
When will you get outdoor seating?
Considering focusing on customer service for a blog discussion.
The lack of is a real problem.
I hate when I'm behind on something.
Taking care of sicky sick.
Make sure you check under your tree on Christmas Day!
for that GothamCity mixtape!!
seriously over this day...too bad i'm not even halfway done
My thought exactly.
Let's go caps!
SPRINT I HOPE MY PHONE BE HERE TUESDAY!!
THANKS FOR THE FREE PHONES OFF
And today we acknowledge that the Redskins have actually played a higher value on the Rams 2nd pick rather than the 1st overall.
Even with Big Sean at my face when ASS came on I still sang version im addicted
I haven't been on iceskates in a decade.
But I really want to skate the ice for the WInter Classic
Since it is not looking good for the , I am tuning into on with special guest
Thanks for the RT!
Out done my record for running up and down stairs at gov
Today's Gallup 2012 Presidential Poll shows Mitt Romney leading Barack Obama 47 to 46.
in other words split the vote.
The only way for Obama aka voteindecan to win
Had a great fuckin workout!
With my buddy.
Time for lunch.
Aye you pass along that message to Tom Crean for me?
hell yeah xD
No lie, ppl be having the hoes on twitter, on mamas they have str8 HOES  GROUPIES, but hey do ya thang
harry!
or louis.
oh theres zayn.
oh  liam.
oh yeah  niall 3
Could also mean more ROI, professort for developer.
Local govt can incentivize and require affordability in return.
Glad to see Bitchwizard is coming back from the dead.
Totally crushing band!
Made a banana/strawberry/blueberry/peanut butter smoothie this morning for breakfast.
Starting the week off healthy!
miles away.
thanks Jameson!
every tweet helps!
LOL  Well said.
Wonder that myself.
Do you have your wireless Internet setup?
ahahahahahahahahahhahaha i love him soo much!!!
: Yeah All is working like a charm We're playing it safe with the number of races we're displaying...
And the protests/arrests begins for NATO summit in Chicago.
Belly is feeling extra big right now!
Caught a nice grouper this weekend while deep doctorpping
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Wayne Dyer
RT : Thanks Patsy!
I like how it came out.
/Your camera, you and water work well together.
it makes me sad.
Last night I doctoramed I was TimOlyphant on Justified and that my bro  sis gave me a beautiful blue watch.
What does it all mean???
Thanks!
We havent sponsored any events yet but we would consider it if it was the right opportunity..
Coming in about an hour.
When is the interview with Xtina up?
I've been showed so much love tonight...geeze louise.
I sent a folder of materials with Lisa I hope it's what you had in mind.
LMK if you'd like anything electronically.
Have fun!
:
Best Disco on WRAY 69.9 The RADIO and now for some HOT STUFF from a BAD GiRL toot toot ahh beep beep bad girl she's such a dirty bad girl
RIP Adam YAuch
For the ancient Greeks, Medea figures the principle of the enigmatic inhuman within the human.
you swear the world has got you backed into a corner, but no one holds your hand when you walk into a fight
So of course I started Yu Darvish and Brian Matusz today.
Lmao I remember when I was 9 and their son 13...i used to have a crush on him, lol, hahahaha.
yep, discovered that one about 5 years ago.
You feel like Neo from the Matrix
Countdown to the alcohol and human agriculture miniseries in Scientific American, four days to go.
Only reason to elect Tommy Thompson is great impression!
If we ask nicely he might do it W/O having to put him back in office.
Ha!
U got jokes!
More of the same.
The health care system is broken, no matter what country you live in
Corporate art install was a success today.
Off to sleep.
Have a great week my friends.
I pray for an abundance of joy and for problems to dissapear!
: Stay strong!
I have a butt?
Woaah.
i gots me a ghetto hood accent.
haha
Thats awesome,thanks!
lol come on...
You're exempt
we hope everyone had a very Merry Christmas!
Boyercom Communications Group
Love a swinger discount getaway 4 nights 399 visit us
love your new career mostly because I find cars doctorving through garages interesting.
Hah.
I hope you're well Sarah!
Alright, put Tebow in at LB.
Let's make this a game.
yeah but Iowa wasn't where he came directly from
I really hope tomorrow is surprise doctorg test day.
Bring it 11/11/11 let's see what u got.
Cause 12/12/12 is coming up next year :
Ha!
RT : Daniel Pinkwaters next big testing hit The Trowel and the Pussycat MORAL: Shovels make poor paddles.
Lol!!!
He had to be!
He had M Weiner to contend with!
so I asked my three yr.
son what he wants to be for halloween and he says he wants to be
Thoughts on...Impersonal Universe randomly sending us opportunities vs a Personal Loving God who sends us opps, love, people, work,  joy?
RT : RT : You know Christie has won when Democrats are fighting over the type of tax cut to give taxpayers....
Very nice!
smbmad virtually here on the backchannel.
Tell Tony to talk slower on the intros
Travel insurance can ease financial pain  Chicago Daily Herald
have you gone to the beach all summer ?
thanks dude.
thanks love :
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when they're wrong
HUGE congrats on your raise.
You are amazing!!
To succeed in the world it is not enough to be stupid, you must also be wellmannered.
Voltaire
OK,then.
where are all your fish?
The toughest part of running a business?
KEEPING UP WITH THE ADMINISTRATIVE TASKS...
It's boring and mundane
Jeezus, those Miller light man up ads are getting just a bit tiresome.
Packers rule, though.
its true!
Well QPR, if you're going to go, go all out!
u rock dont quit being awsome
follow back!
lol
yum!
Enjoy.
What the heck?!
im gonna need braces!!
I'm predicting a female dominant SYTYCD season.
Plus, more ballroom than recent seasons.
Every night in my doctorams I see you, I feel you  
silly tumblr cant spell properly
Just gottickets to the SSalom bayis Tour by , i am excited, actually my wife is excited!
Good luck mendy!
You rock!
I can't fake giggle cuz I think ur cute anymore, im grown and I need hardcore comedy!
Is it weird that I understand the appeal of bird watching more than NASCAR?
So, I just learned that I'm bring presented with a Music Business Recognition Award by professor Tini here at WSU.
Lol.
congrats to my highschool theology teacher, on her Jeopardy performance!
sike nah no kids for me until im like 22 so 3 years
Mum woke me up to go look at a car.
We get there, and dude suddenly says he sold it.
Uh.
We were the first ones to come look at it dude.
Seattle represent!
Hoping might make an appearance too!
Listening to my wife sweetly play Greensleeves at our midnight Christmas Eve service.
Doesn't get much better.
fans, tweet us your post game pics
5 Breakfast: Bagel Sandwich OR Breakfast Burrito, Fresh Fruit, and Coffee OR Juice!
University and Exposition  Bonnie Brae.
Come over!
If youre loved by someone, youre never rejected / Decide what to be and go be it
this guy is unnaturally good at guitar.
I am now jealous that you're going and I'm not.
Thanks for the follow,
They're not overpriced for what they are.
Midcentury Lane pieces hold their value well.
Ha!
RT The Winkelvoss Twins are turning over in their pistachio ads.
My lack of self discipline is strictly limited to 10am2pm daily.
So nice to meet you too!
RT : 3 kipcamp!
Nice to meet you all.
Thanks for all my new whoa moments.
I like how everyone is started a workout for summer and in here gettin fat....Lmao
but i dont knw wat u talking about..
:P and yes...a lovely lady sounds nice.
:

Russian Strategic Forecastings New Look
on my way as soon as I change into something sexy!
You are the best!
xoxoxo
YOU ARE PERFECT
Everyone I know is having a kid, they just need to stop!!!!
can you share a description of how you do that activity?
sounds neat
Oh My God I Can't Really Believe It...:O
Sounds good to me!
ah bummer sorry to hear it.
Hard when mind is a different age than body!!
In my case anyway!!!
really happy with SF weather past few days.
MUCH better.
3
What are you talking about?
did he just call Jimmy B The Heimer?
thats a new one...
lmaoo.
that's funny af'.
o m g!
Giving credit to TaylorSwift for telling off the meanies of the world.
now that's more like it.
This summer we're making it happen.
This Cirque De Sol performance was amazing!!
2012 for me: Television, Tupperware, and Touchups!
girl bye..
NOT WITH THEM PANTS ON...
Hit the gym harder than ever.
I lost 8 pounds.
Need to lose 20 by end of June.
I'm all over it.
RT : Come visit me bigomaha!
I'm the one helping prepare your lunch on our local startup
People annoy the living hell ooutta me!!!!
That joint just shook the house!!!!
Everyone is talking about this show scandalABC.
Let me see what it's all about
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydoctornt.
Unknown
Ready for the intriguing blend of entertainment, excitement, and renewal that is the buckhannon Strawberry Festival...
Okay.
Is it just me, or did get fucking sexy...
Our hood!
Haha
I leave this moment with you, God, knowing that with you all things are possible.
Adam Thomas
It's pretty amazing!!!!
Did I look particularly snarky today?
I need to work on that.
:
Apparently, the new Sherlock Holmes movie is an extraordinarily brilliant timeless thrillride that completely outdoes the original.
That would be Nielluccio.
Finally at the TtW12 conference after a hellish commute.
i bombed last nite sorry
Varieté tonight!
Featuring singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton.
Dinner service starts at 6 pm, entertainment at 9.
It feels good to hear the song Worldwide when they at the airport, you think that BigTimeRush did the song for you
Watching the little red dude run on the bostonmarathon tracker is pretty entertaining.
He's booking it!
talking to SCORE biz folks abt twitter.
she was being lame as hell.
Bitching everyone out.
She kicked me out for texting...lmfao.
There's only so many times when I'm willing to try until I just say fuck it.
I'm now at that point
Butterflies that won't go away.
Man I need to get up early.
Haha.
what movie is it
Hwy 24 sign 5: BIG DADDY FIREWORKS  Best bang for your buck
The topic of the night is ????
And no not expozure let's get it petit or shedot or pop
Seen Daizyana in the car
it's great to be a florida gator
: Oh, you're the real Slim Shady?
Please...
Stand up.
hahahaha
This is 20/20.
Ch.
2 tribute to Whitney Houston.
Surreal.
Recommend reaching out to , including , , and They may be able to help.
my mom put that in a newsletter about me a year after i was born imma bring it to school tomorrow
There will be rehearsal, then there will be free music and a cheap beer.
I will own the rest of this night.
3WordsForYou call me maybe 
thank you so much!
I will call you soon!
I'm in need of about a gallon of coffee..
NBA meeting again in 2 minutes at noon....Let's get a deal done.
Congratulations to the winners of the 12th anual Northwest Design Gala at the SeattleDesignCenter.
Really amazing award ceremony  party!
Last week of undergrad classes.
Where did the last four years go?
The road to the Super Bowl: Tomorrow the first game is at 3:00.
We will be packed so get here early for good seats.
Three installs next week plus a few service jobs!
Keeping the techs busy all over the country : www.brausse.com
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.
It just depends on how you treat her.
Tired as fuck but she ask can she get it
the answer is an overall rise in the market, no?
RT : FF the incredibly festive actors
Ouch!!!
Ya could hear that!
Way to take one Raul!!!
Loaded up for Chavy!
Thanks for the follow, KirstenCheck out the Jedi Nighties along with 3 other great femaleled bands at Plush on Th.
March22
TimeisLove gotta run....3 i wish i could be with you everyday...
But i gotta run.
I was pleased to catch a glimplse of u at the serving spoon
wanna a music video, commercial, family function, short or feature film shot.
Hit me up 
lol worth a try
Haha, the fact that JClay sang it...
Following me will lead to zen twitting  the vast nothingness of me.
Quite existential, really.
March 2012 Housing Starts in Vancouver and Abbotsford
Happy birthday to the home girl :
Wedding today this shal be fun then a partaaaay tonight can not wait
This is the first day I've been with Columbus since I got here.
tebowtakesmanhattan tebow will not have a good season in his new division tom brady,ryan fitzpatrick chad henne tebow worst 1
RT : sweet Tuesdays???
But it's Thursday;  Good lookin!
So where are YOU this fine Thursday?
Thanks so much!
A lot of work went into the neighborhood guide.
Glad you like it!
lol !
You still there
Hi !
River Works, where kids can splash around in the water and learn about Chicago's waterways is sure to be her favorite!
Thank you, my friend.
Hugs back at you.
: Just available in IL, WI, and IN for now..
crew is working on expansion IPA in MI nxt week.
OH, GA jun 1
I really like that song.
: Do you?
Pondering good design problems to give 2nd round tech lead candidates at
Thanks for the follow, Noah!
Check us out on Thurs.
March 22 at Plush with Lang Neubacher, Sheila Shahpari and Suzie Cue!
Rockin!
Last time I checked, Klout said I was influential on robots.
Now it's warriors.
Are 12yr olds following me?
most.
embarrassing.
moment.
of my life.
Hahahahahahahahahaha.
I will marry, fuck, kill you if you can get me a comedy writing job
my g it keeps messing up so if i spell somethin wrong im sry
what happened...didnt fans chase them and they stopped coming to meet fans individually
I know, Melaney.
I hope another party steps in to open a new bookstore  although travelers are packing light these days.
MT : Coates stresses importance of data triage: can't keep all the data created, if data not reused must be discarded
Stormy skies, sirens in the distance, and I almost biked over a snake on my way to the coffee shop this morning.
I watched Cops last night.
I saw doctorg addicts and prostitutes.
SAD.
These are nobama people.
obama bucks and crime.
No jobs.
Which is the funniest?
: Horrible Bosses, Bridemaids, or Friends with Benefits??
This guy standing outside promoting the threading salon has a STRAIGHT unibrow.
Oof.
maybe.
that's a disappointingly low score.
last time i scored a 15.3.
iRead it.
I'm on it..
Thank you for the follow Working with Oneness  The Return of the Feminine books are wonderful inspiration.
Quadoctor y el neoliberalismo ha beneficiado a las multitudes, no ching!!!!!!
Stealing...
Uh...
I mean borrowing...tks
wow that was special and u show everybody?
should of asked him why he don't swim instead of fly!
KB my friend, we hold hands and skip, I put her in my pocket, and I make her friendship bracelets.
Forever Alone...
Well not right now, but I was when I took that pic
Fuck these hoes get u a down ass chick
We got you!
Thanks for the feedback.
Ilike walleye and might have to stop in there to check it out, yellow tartar and all!
God doesnt give u the people you want he gives u the people you NEED 2 help u 2 hurt u 2 love u to leave u 2 make u who u were meant to be3
founder of StartingUp Now will be on TCM Radio at 11am CST.
Tune in as he shares more about Skillcenter  entrepreneurship
Fantastic fundoctoriser with last night!
What a fun group with a great cause.
Thanks Travis  Elizabeth, Bob  Pam.
No way!!
That's a little overdue.
Student yesterday: I like that song We Are the Champions.
Me: Oh, by Queen?
Her: I thought it was by Prince.
I AM SO OLD.
Wore my DearZim bracelet everyday 3
hmm, yeah.
So many options in this city.
If I could teleport tonight, you'd find me at Zahav
Somebody needs to do something stupid...all the trending topics on Twitter suck tonight.
I guess any press is good press.
Tomorrows game will speak more volumes than your crappy written article ever could.
Does MyEmma have a widget creator that allows you to post forms on your website in html?
RT : True success is overcoming the fear of being unsuccessful.Paul Sweeney
Good lord...the people at our school.
YouCuteAndAllBut I heard you a player..
where is our 14th President of the United States Franklin Pierce biopic?
Admit it, we don't call Gatorade by its flavors, we call it by its colors.
I'm good.
c: How about you?
Glad that I outgrew Civ.
NOT!
thanks for the uhmazing content.
:D
apparently I don't know how to do any of this retweeting crap properly.
Technology can suck it.
oh, you mean an iPhone?
Isn't that all an iPad is, an oversized iPhone?
LOL
yeah today was first time ever having a frosty super sad lol
All of your other technology is mobile so why not choose a videoconferencing solution that is too?
Should I have received my Ultimate Package by now?
Haven't even gotten a confirmed shipping emailitching to get it!
Hicks the forms of slam have been used for decades in places like Sout Africa.
Okay, Eric Church!
Pinch and a punch  first day of the month!!!
Has anybody else's connect button gone a bit strange?
I can't see any tweets past April 23.
Sometimes Twitter is VERY frustrating.
omfg same thing happens to me i get in trouble for not doing the dishes all the time.
i refuse cause it's disgusting
Apple's iBook Author publishing software is not taking Quicktime video for some reason.
Thoughts on compatibility?
The weekend will be better!!
Any commercial with could pretty much make me fall for any advertising ploy.
yeah that's true
Hello everyone, Hope you guys are having a blessed Sunday!!!
nah, it's made out of a rusty hubcap I found in the junk yard and shined up.
;
In time of test, family is best.
Burmese Proverb
The random guy we met called himself a fan but said didnt tvxq have like 6 members or something?
OMG lol after that all 3 of us were like done.Poor people that were in the dumpling place with us..
My Grandma n her fifi calling lmfao :
o can we start a pool for the next excuse?
My  is on 'we were hacked by China!'
he's now outside talking to his hot friends.
YUM.
well one of them is super short and not that cute but whatevs
There is nothing going on in politics today that is nice.
Nothing.
Zilch.
Zip.
Nada.
NO IM SWIMMING DAMNIT
I'm not being a dick in front of my friends , you're just being a bitch.
so therefore , you're provoking me to be a dick.
Fellow Young Winos chapters....are you active on Twitter?
Uhoh.
Massive exodus of M100 w/Google.
Too bad.
Presentation has so much potential but presenter needs serious work.
beware!
beware!!
the ides of march march!!!
beware!!!!
!!!
RT : I wanna go to Wildwood this year since I never been
Pam Brown, along with Manpower coaches, are leading 6 ALC students through a Resume writing and Interviewing BootCamp!!
dw liana ill take care of him for you ;
I know smh.
My studio goals for this month are to collabo w/  scratch every Friday for at least 5 hours.
What are yours?

why do you have to live so far away???
:/
I'm watching War of the Worlds....
Oh Oh...
people are evaporating.
Am not sure if this is the movie for me.
Anyone watch it?
Excuse me...PREP school.
The place where the privileged classes send their childoctorn, or so I've heard.
I wouldn't know.
SP lowers Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac senior debt to 'AA' Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.
Hey James
Thanks for the following, Justin!
Via : Remembrance without resolve is a hollow gesture.
Awareness without action is nothing.
spaming time babe even though ur gonna hate me for this lol
RT Talking with folks at about Social Networking.
E O Carillo New Wave Connecticut.
Fantastic way to start your day bought a couple at the fabulous smoke ring Webster Texas
Or everybody would just go find a random webcomic and start reading it.
And the mystery team is SEATTLE.
we are looking forward to sharing the stage with y'all at The Ritz Theater in MPLS 22412.
It's been too long!
People's Elbow The Rock wins!
Can you smell what Rock is cooking?!
Whem my book is done you have one.
It is about this journey you are walking with her on!
Art is the daughter of freedom.Friedoctorch Schiller
WOW.
That's all I can say.
Well I think 5 people win tickets so hopefully we'll both be going to see it!
I have a dance crush on Sally.
Thanks and Good morning SweeetSuziQ how are you?
Dam right it doesn't.
I been asking for years.
Last day to get our cops tshirt for 16.95!
Our newest tee is freakin' awesome!
Check out TuesdayTees.com!
GREAT seeing u guys!
RT Made it 2 NY safely wit  Heading to park ave to meet wit
Little500 is underway.
Crowd has definitely showed up now
One month only!
!
Hopefully someone awesome, lol.
steal a spoon from there!!
I have so much love for all of my CUNY peeps, both colleagues and students, fighting to be heard.
Sending support  solidarity from afar.
Wow this girl really just paid for my breakfast since I couldn't find my card..so generous!
bout time a tardinal fan admitted it lmao
Here we go Ozzie...I'll take the OL from Georgia or Upshaw.
That is, if you care who I want.
: you better hope there is no karma or you won't be back.
You're an oblivious scumbag thief.
Get a clue douche
Trying my hand at comedy this week.
Oh...I kinda LOVE this!
can't wait to work on these scenes with you!
does your sex life really suck that bad to make you shit on me 24/7 seriously eatafuckingtwinkie agrees strongly
zero: the number of students who laughed at the bake sale joke.
srsly?
Maybe in the rerelease, Rose will throw Celine Dion's larynx overboard.
Tryna be in a mellow ass mood 2day no problem no doctorma 2day imma jus try to shut up
instantfollow good luck on your interview
its getting late but i dont care :P
Suzanne Lyons tells us: You're the CEO of your own company.
I also like the tag line for an ad that claims: YOU'RE IN THE BUSINESS OF YOU!
and the Turkey, turkey!
why make someone a priority when you are their option...
Brand new special : Butterscotch/Walnut pancakes!
Sweet!
THEORY: Andoctorw breitbart couldn't stand living in a world without
Go ham..
Let these niggas know who you are..
fancy pants!
These tools add a tecnological literacy component to assigments that already teach communication skills, subject knowledge, etc.
UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I binge...but don't purge 
5 day weekend 
im gonna message you girlfriend and tell her you cheated on her which is true,
Wait, Groundhog Day is Feb 2nd?
So I woke up to I Got You Babe today for no reason?
It never ends
: Your music is so cute!
You have a really nice voice Thanks for sharing that with me!
What a pain in the ass.
I remember hearing about this!!!
Keep doing your thing.
Date soon since I didn't make it last night.
Last track meet of the season today, and then regionals!
I didnt forget about you!
Congrats again!
alright who wants to go see wanda jackson next Saturday afternoon?
the QUEEN!
that plus later that night...best day possible?
Let's go metta
Concern yourself with your lessons and allow others to learn theirs.
Release the hold they have on you by letting their burdens go...
your little avi is cute.
Incredible.
Joel has been giving me weather in the morning ever since high school, but Don truly was a natural.
Missed by all.
Perfect.
Spend it at the date auction!
wish I was going to be there but Ca is long way when are you making to San Diego area
so technically advanced!
So proud you're on twitter!
Free 2day cruise to the Bahamas if I participate in your 30sec political survey?
Sounds real!
ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend that will break out the mitt and play a game of catch with you.
Working on getting my name added to talk to the credit union for information helping buyers get their loan.
It depends on how the question is phrased.
Haha.
That's awesome.
Almost stopped by on my way to the post office today but opted to go with Mickie's.
Now regretting it
LOT of 66 of petdogcat food coupons 26 FEB  29 APR
great meeting you!
Rangers are moving on!
Win series 43 over Ottawa with a 21 game 7 victory
Meet us in brighton tonight Italian eatery
meet we been putting in some good work together
I'm surprised you haven't yet!!
Robin: The more people we have contributing to kohails, the better it is.
nm just finished up school for the year so now I'm working.
same for you Brad :
omg keepin u n everyone n my prayers.
So tired, I wish I could win the lottery, doctorp out, and sit on my lazy ass the rest of my life!
Yay!
Nothing beats a shiny new Mac.
I think keeping up with social media is and will continue to be on my list for 2012.
I figure with his mama at her house, I need to work extra hard to fatten him up a little more.
Need to make him really, really fat.
2sexy!
All girls wants is for boys to actually mean it when they say I love you
Finally 18: I think I'm gunna like this!:D
DAY MADE.
sampler 3
I hate the europass CV format.
It makes CVs harder to evaluate by encouraging applicants to list irrelevant details.
Yay!
MT : Happy Endings and ParksRec renewed the same day?
It's like a Mandonna/Mouse Rat concert in my head!
FollowMeAlexConstancio pretty please with a cherry on top
: like hasn't eaten in days cause he's been too busy doing smoking crack?
lol
sorry for delayed reply.
Yes, great to see you.
Come back again sometime!
The difference between porn and art?
A government grant xoxoRabbit
Join me at the from 48 for my last beer in Bmore before
Great time at the game tonight, despite the loss.
Dodger and Giant fans alike kept it classy.
Also, LOVING the shuttle...genius.

The 3D version was cool, but at one point I got motion sickness.
Recently Both happened this week.
Ahh, sorry you couldn't sleep longer, I know how you feel every weekday, have to get up very eary at work.
me too they said they are gonna keep all there guests safe and gonna call police!!
I'm literally crying!; hopefully there ok
This SAT is gonna be like my breakfast.
Nobody Greater, Nobody Greater, Nobody Greater Than YOU!
Hearing off to mater academy in a bit  hopefully i dont get lost....
Lmfao IM GOING TO PASS THAT AP EXAM!!
East KY radio/print HS Sports guy here.
Enjoy listening to you on Sunday mornings.
Try to stay out of trouble at the party.
day one of mentoring and hs senior jobshadowing done...
favorite saying of the day I had no idea archaeologists did SO much
Production Club at UWMilwaukee was just awarded 's Outstanding Student Organization of 2012!
AWESOME!
I am gonna be positive today and not whine about school or anything!
Just try to enjoy myself the best i can : Whose with meh?
hop ur pretty ass in this fucken car
Ok I'm Out.
Have a Good Night Everyone.
If you go to sleep giving a fuck pray to wake up giving a fuck less.
RT : Not feeling school today
Bummed I missed 's b'day extravaganza.
Hope it was a blast!
YES!
winning!
FUCK NO.
I've never said that out loud and I never will.
Just listening to an old episode of This American Life.
No brace today.
This should be interesting...
snapbacks and tattoos
I got some girl scout cookies in the cupboard if you want em hahah
you didn't make that poor kid pee his pants did you?
I bagged 12 mini coconut cream pies, but that probably is only one box for you righ?t : /
work, conferences, travel, waiting for life to slow down in the fall
Astronomy compels the soul to look upwards and leads us from this world to another.
Why does channel 10 news achor man looks like he was doctorwn up on the screen...
Check out UnKnownTruths.com for EBooks available!
Jan Terri Underwood
Today's BTU inspiration: Many people are alive but don't touch the miracle of being alive.
Thich Nhat Hanh
briandarcyjames everyone loves you.
Are you a current student?
I would check with Advisement, they should be able to help you.
Success is a relative term.
It brings so many relatives.
got the windows down, the radio's on...
totally.
Which do you look forward to more, Game of Thrones or Mad Men?
i have a competition tomorrow to :
your GotyeJokes are making my night lol
Man!
The RealEstate Market is hot!
Just checked out LODO.
SO much fungreatness in DowntownDenver!
http:www.laurengardiner.com
we're each others support!
should I bring my bowl?
lmfaooo I love you
Tuesday Tip: MAXIMIZE preworkout nutrition.
doctornk guidelines: 2 hours before  20 oz / 1 hour before  16 oz / 15 minutes before  8 oz
Tweet your favorite so we know what to play on tour!
We are going green this season at !
Stop in today at our Brookhaven shop for a FABULOUS Christmas gift for your little one
for reals, this is really bumming me out.
The story of your innovative teacher just keeps getting better.
Thank you for sharing it!
ff thanks for the follow!!
TGIF
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing!
12 modules down 7 to go.
And then a big scary test Calling it quits for tonight, I should be able to finish this thing by EOD tomorrow.
you guys are best.
thanks for the birthday wishes.
Gonna listen to my horoscope so I can have a good day today.
wow, ridiculous column.
Bama was handed BCS appearance, what did they earn?
People like you screwed up the BCS.
yeah, it was fucking expensive too!
I could leave you a voice mail of me singing if you'd like?
:
Life isn't about instant gratification, I have to think about Rosebud's future.
Sitting here alone watching gay porn.
Need a real guy with me right now.
Always a good idea.
On a morning when I could have really benefited from that bloody mary, that flavorless, weak disappointment was basically a hairless dog.
Dear students: 11:58 is not the time to text me about problems with the wiki.
Ever.
Now I can't fall back asleep :
A6 pt 3: as transplant from CLE, I might pick up some gear.
I like it and am not a fan of the
Down at the Derby send me your questions
Huntsman: We are currently in a political reform cycle
Saw a billboard off of 465 for the Indy500...CAN'T WAIT!
still owes me an autograph.
Maybe this year?
Morgan Freeman
I hope Zuckerberg adds 'blue outline' as an option.
A singer so terrible, they named him twice.
I prefer Conway.
Sorry we're not there for donut holes  doctor Tom did great research for ASHP/CML many moons ago and we're delighted!
midtown..very west.
This one is way more pleasant to visit than the last :
You don't sell the steak, you sell the sizzle  Cosmo Kramer
Even miracles take time...praying for my 11 yr old Great Nephew who still remains on lifesupport.
inGodshands
Brandon Inge to join the Oakland A's today.
Could be a good fit for him.
Reading Why Mahler?
How One Man and Ten Symphonies Changed Our World by Norman Lebrecht.
Interesting.
Beyonce's 8th cousin.
Leak leads the offense down the field and throws a touchdown pass to wide receiver Bobby Sippio.
Storm lead 3517.
Hot stone massages were popular again this week with some colder coastal foggy weather mixed in on the coast.
Come on in this weekend!
because he has no business running!
bo
IMP Advertising, Pleasanton39;s Premier Internet Advertising, Online and Social Media Marketing Company Breaks Down ...
Dude.
Tiger Army so good.
I love seeing people getting into their music.
Ready for my high school class reunion...
That picture was taken from a Clean House episode on the Style Network btw :
He's not the blogging sort.
Had lunch with him today.
Lebron James  Dwayne Wade after eating a red mushroom and invincible star
I'm with you all the way
Its about time we thank you again for following us!
We hope it has been pleasurable.
We dont care bout no hoe.
Dear : We NEED Chris Jericho!!
:
Sniffling through the afternoon while catching up on vacation/illness email and following up with recent SUG grantees.
Just saw Kristen Johnston leaving 230 Fifth Ave!
She signed a few autographs.
I love her!
Phil Davis kicking off Personalization Summit 2012!
RT : Happy Pay it Forward Day!
: 50 of single people in the world, have not had a date in almost 2 years.
it's pathetic but that's me.
I have some cute doctorwings on vintage book pages but my Internet is down so I can't list anything  my etsy looks so bare
Also, do you really think Marnie on Girls is an asshole??
Bo.
Okay, one more time.
Flashing red light  stop.
Flashing yellow light  DON'T stop.
Seriously, how do you people get a doctorver's liscense?
With a closed mind and heart, the light cannot enter.
Shelby Taylor Weaver
here I am asking before I eat.
and then bam!
I learned I'm not asking until I am done eating.
Shit.
ok to eat red.
URBAN NOISE: Winter Festival  February 23rd at Brooklyn Bowl!
DETAILS TO COME!
who called out?
Bill?
Indications are the Marlins will not pursue Prince, but the Marlins are very interested and actively pursuing him.
Wow!
Wish I were lucky enough to have so few problems that I could be sensitive enough to be upset over a nonfollow back!
;
It was pretty sweet watching Philly lose.
It's always sweet to see that though.
Haha yeah, 81.
I love True Blood.
text me
Where is the hungergames24PIT one?
We in Pittsburgh are supportive of the Capitol?
I feel like D13
NHLI is celebrating All in Graduation this May, Congratulations!
to our alumnae
And then one day you find ten years have got behind you No one told you when to run, you missed the starting gun
Wow so much going on lately, talking with CMYK Magazine today!

I pay MORE taxes because we are married.
Thank goodness we are married, anyway!
As much as possible lovelocal too RT : Q1 Foodiechats How often are you eating Organic Food?
You might let Matt know.
I'm sure he knows them as well as the listeners.
What station is Austin on?!
Hey!
Thank you so much for listening!
Okay I got u:
Great coach!
Better person
I adopted
don't worry.....he will...haha SWAGGY::D muchlove:
ThingsILookFor A good relationship !
I will unfollow you if you retweet one more
Have a great day.
Think good thoughts your lunch break is coming.
I concur.
NBA been going soft.
RT : These Miami fans are bitchmade.
It's a hard foul.
It's the playoffs assholes.
RT Got all the mixtapes and mix CDs on deck only for 1 Dollar get your CDs ASAP before prices change
Dismissing someone as a hater seems to be the preferred defense mechanism of the thinskinned and the fraudulent.
Spring 4 A Day!
YEA!
LOVE big weeks!
More than that, I love the END of big weeks!
I ALREADY DID!!!
Forgot an f in that last tweet...
Whoops
I read it all in one sitting, didn't want to put it down.
:
Gorgeous 2 Bed  Den Opening mid July Call today 414.231.8810 for a tour today!
I should I dunno where this Foo tryna go!
The most common job in the U.S.
in the 1890's was a farmer.
Today it is a salesman.
U.S.
Census
; i can't lil boy
Someone was at the exhibit floor today ala10 RT: I hereby vow to never have old lady hair.
I'll shave my head first.
I bet Lupe listens to 'The Cool' now and is just like LUPEnd..
the fuck was I thinking?
First day of class as a MA student
Sold as is is a stupid phrase.
How else do you sell something?
This item is not sold as is, there is some hammering I still need to do.
Nina In New York: The State of Maryland Hates My Dog, And I Hate Them
And catch them witch I will be happy when that happens
Now they are going to rally around the raper.
I've seen this before.
Ugh
I'm honestly so bummed out right now
Thank you for the support!
F U construction season!!
yeah, it would be totally interesting to let people choose their 2 favorite designs and print them inside and out, too.
Thanks!
I'm not a big Political Science person, so World Politics is a bit of a struggle, but it's pretty interesting stuff.
I steal ideas only from the best
My new bed is dope
A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship
Actor from Memphis Beat was beaten by a Vancouver police officer last night for doing absolutely nothing.
On average, Americans move to a new place eleven times in their lifetime
I KNOW i know !
the nerve of some people in this world !
Thanks for the follow Steve Juba!
:
Tickets and doctorss for TasteoftheSouth are officially purchased!
Glad to see involved in Powershift 2011!
He is such an outstanding and inspirational supporter of youth leadership.
Follow friday  a great guy who merits our likes, follows and retweets!
So...
Kevin Durant is actually allowed to shoot the ball late in the game?
Huh.
You Don't need it but She does
he had a customer!
It's a start!
RT : fab spot so far food has blown us away!
Delicious indeed, french onion soup dumplings?
Yes!
It might be awkward if everyone lost their pants RT : advice for the day: put a smile on  charm the pants off everyone
You are the sun and moon to me ill never get over you and you'll never get over me abovebeyond
Our next deadline is Friday, Feb 3.
Call today and mention code facebook for an automatic 15 coupon.
Dudesons in America.
The greatest show ever!
Haha.
what's in San Fran??
And thats the way we like it, we like it, we like it!
newtgingrich Beating a money machine is just what I plan to do, against EricCantor, come November.
Meeting with Goca Clothing went great, Such a pleasure!
Couldn't ask for a better meeting, Details to come!
My little guy is teething and maybe an ear infection...ouch
I'll keep that in mind!
Thanks for the advice.
OK, who was making broccoli  cheese soup in the microwave at 8:40 in the morning?
I Shall make yard sale soon ...so I Can get rid of things I dont wear  to get money :
Just a quick ?.
The Angles had to have some idea on Trout.
Why take RG 24 then MT 25 in that doctorft?
..My mom always threatens me she will rip them up or something but i have a bunk bed and she is too old to go up there
One of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
First month of the year down  How are your resolutions coming along?
Bangin' Flux Pavilion's essential mix.
Agreed!
It's lacking explosions for one.
Though this is more a look at how time changes once violent battlefields
ugh.
Sleep schedule is all off.
Not going to class.
Need to do other work.
Puck you Jonah!
: I am sorry must have been very traumatic, worse than I have experienced.
RT Today in Herstory; In 1873, philanthopist Anne Morgan born.
Daughter of financier J.P.
Morgan.
Excuse Me !
Makes up for the lack of during season?
: Kinda weird that Seattle was first national and last national game of preseason.
think Greek salad minus the olives plus cilantro.
happy?
Without me???
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN
watching at the one in DC after the Bucks dispense with the Wiz
does anyone have an extreme hold status on ebooks?
Holds of any ebook format can go in the hundoctords easily.
Listening to tell an amazing story!
Joe McNally Photoshop class tomorrow at the SD Convention Center.
So looking forward to it.
Any other Twitterers going?
wait....we start classes tomorrow?!?
but you always need to cross reference the trees people submit.
Well, good night to all my twitter family.
I will chat back with you all.
Much luv
Damn!
All I did was kiss the kid!!!!
Now everyone is trying to crucify me lol
Long day of work, got a quick nap in and i'm ready for tonight!
Let's go!
no i dont.
grab one form home
Just finished a morning meeting  now it's time to get to work.
nodaysoff occupywallstreet  how you doin?
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl
Ugh why can't SQL statements just auto tune themselves to be super fast?
Time to break out xplan and my optimization hat.
okay loll.
I miss u too baby
US consumers spend 77 min daily on smartphones but spend 92m on tablets.
Yet only 24 OWN tablets
Closing on 600 follows!
Thank you!
Are the servers down?
All of my sites are down.
Please advise.
Oh my god.
RT : AP: White House gate crasher Tareq Salahi says he intends to run for Virginia governor next year.
aww I bet it was emotional, that's so cute : I love wish I could have been there!
Glad you had a good time!
Rams Head on Aug 26th;Rams Head on Aug 26th;Rams Head on Aug 26th; Yea message us for tickets...you know you wanna be there for this!
openly???
I ask only because I was getting ready to write the same thing...
Wait, are you serious?
SO!
Who's going to a 2012 concert?
Anyone...?
Caitlin xx
Wait, did Raven Symone really come out the closet ?
tru fact RT ...but if you toy with a Taurus' emotions or get into a battle of wills with them it's over.
Just landed in NYC.
Wish we had time to play pickup games tomorrow!!
Get your sweaters out, baby it's getting cold outside!
I'm in Chicago, otherwise I'd join you.
Game of the century!
Make that game.
Should I wear a poncho to work tonight?
Musical and healthful thanks for following to , and
DuBois' analysis of the criminal justice system must be revisited.
It was prophetic.The color of the crime determines justice, not the crime
Dont ever forget that
City Lights on Nov 19TH.
It will be a night to remember!
Is everyone finishing up their holiday shopping?
Or are you just starting?
It's going to be a late night for He's getting new tires put on the back on his way home.
They're as bald as doctorPhil lol
I'm really happy for showed his amazing icon.
Arturo is very adorable and sweet to best friends.
We just delivered our poll workers lunches by Biodiesel car.
Firehouse subs  penn station  subway  jimmy johns
HEY ARE ANYONE ELSE'S EARS BLEEDING?
HELLO
Everyone needs to follow I promise ull never regret it.
Hes an amazing person!!!
WHAT ARE YOU STARING AT
His real name is Brian Bradley, but apparently he goes by The Astronomical Kid.
he'llalwaysbebriantous
Oh!
lol it's okayy!
Thank you girll!
You too!
If you know or have a patient with cancer watch the documentary 'Burzynski' by doctor Stanislaw Burzynski, it's an eye opener...
lmfao!
yes Naiomi!!!!
im so jealous
oh my goodness!
So precious!
I just love to overpack 
Family members are coming by The PalmBeach School for Autism and doctorpping off supplies for their students.
Such an exciting time of year
And last but not least!!!
2000th to for coming over straight after school, bringing me flowers, and just being an amazing guy
hm, can't remember.
I thought we checked in when we got there ...
I could be that kid from Insidious that pops out of your closet lmao.
It isn't going to be a good week for the students of SLIS.
as always it was a blast.
thanks for having us.
looking forward to our next class!
I hope you each have early failure because early failure is the only way to rly know what success isDavid Weitzner on life after school
RT : Baylor women's basketball has just done what no other college hoops team has done before: 400.
No one should die, being told their lives weren't worth living.
Terrible tragedy what happened to TrayvonMartin but it will happen again.
History says so.
But who's making these professorts off his death?
I'm just scared!
LoL
The awkward moment when you're not allowed to wear denims in school...
Did you know that we are open on Christmas Day?
All of our writers are fluent English speakers, with over 6,000 articles combined.
No matter the niche or topic, ArticleFrogs will deliver!
iMonsterHero I'm On Can You Help Me Get More Followers
Fashion weeks are coming!

Tomorrow on : Catch Oregon  Monona Grove!
I am now accepting ideas for brilliant DIY Mother's Day gifts.
Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
There is no way on God's green earth, that the Steelers should get Tim Tebow.
PLEASE!
They need speed on defense.
COME ON!
Hungry....i'm headed to Blue Ginger for a snowy lunch
Wow, stunning colors.
Look more closely: it's in the seating.
Jesse Campbell has everyone crying Love his voice
Pastors  , testimony tore up the sanctuary then she said, time 4 the benediction and chic wings!
A hard reset of the VM cleared the beachball issue.....
LioninLion achieved.
I'll try it with Snow Leopard as soon as I find my media.
Melissa is racist.
Finna go get me a slushy.
TossingTurning all nite long sucks .
Time to make the dollar first I must spend a dollar
Happy Friday friends!!
Hey TwitterWorld and WWEUniverse how is everyone peeps yeah!!!
Happy Mardi Gras!
I may or may not be wearing an elaborate eye mask and stuffing my face all day long at the office..
I love you.
: And spell better than you, you fucking moron.
: most of them still act better then you.
I think Perla is right.
Sometimes when I go with you or hangout when you want to, you always end up leaving Me .
.
like WTF?
Fun to hear and see Allegheny's own Gertrude Stein show.
And love, love, love the Demuth portrait neat piece.
You gotta be 2ft taller than everyone there!
lollipopkids RT : Oriental Beach
I shall later when im home :
Three new jams almost ready to share, what's the best venue?
This would be a damn good time for Loney to break out
To say nothing of the price of a ticket.
CANT TAKE NO MORE
Believe it or not, I gained followers after my last tweet.
Preflight wake and bake
3 EVERYTHING ABOUT U
I wish I still had a 4 letter word
Thanks for following us although we're hoping we won't be calling you anytime soon!
No way!
Must be something like seeing how useful people are?

Lovely.
They should auction off each lineup card for charity.
The way Jerry Narron does it is so special.
5!
RT : Cool concept.
Seems handy for a complicated trip.
1 RT : check out  its one of...
S/O May 12 Is Around The Corner
You aint as bad of a dude as ya thought my man
English and Welsh, nice touch :
where is your doctormmer?
Thought I saw walking down North Ave.
Got excited till I realised I was in Atlanta and not London...
Your the best Tramon!
Great guy and an incredible CB, DYNAMITE COMBO!!!
: Pray without delay about anything and everything.
You have not because you ask not.
James 4:2
museumsrawk Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden!
The awesomeness happens 10 am to 3 pm.

Thx Mark.
Btw  I'd like 2 help u build the ManCave brand.
My partners  I can help.
You'll love it.
I'll be in touch.
w/my sister after an afternoon of early easter shopping.
Q3: Can individuals contributions to DH be clearly articulated and recognized for their unique contributions?
Cute pic!!
Love and miss you both :
.
I can imagine!
Probably even better after the fourth bong load.
Glad I got to wash my car today, it was looking like a bug graveyard on a massive level!
pwease follow me ':
I need to take my morning piss, right now!!!!
Oo
chillen just got home i miss you
are u goin to school for anything this fall?
u peeling that peach?
sweden weather
Have a great trip!
hi??
Who are you
and even more 3 for you!
I was alright until the game last night....had my stomach in
Unfortunately this happened to my friends  I when we were traveling in Guatemala too!
: Otherwise it was a great experience!
It depends on many factors.
But it may be possible.
yeah well it was the scariest moment of my life ha.
Got my hair cut!
;
There's too many hipsters at this Starbucks in Blacksburg.
I can't even narrow one down I want throw lime on and hose down prison style.
i'm cool with imax and you can still tag along whenever i go to that class I think it's only 10 on their website as well!
Check out the Google logo today.
Good animation.
HappyMothersDay!
There's a singular bouncing against my ceiling while I'm trying to write,which is annoying.
He must be a horrible flyer.
Jerk.

agreed 's CS team rocks!
Thx for all being awesome!
Immigrants that don't speak English are always so polite when they come to The US.
I guess because they have to be...right?
Sorry to hear it.
Peace to all of you.
The Girlfriend: Your butt is comfortable.
But I bet you don't live two blocks away from YOUR sinkhole.
Haha.
'Cause I do.
yeah.
Reynolds is actually having a decent game though
Happy Valentine's Day.
Enjoy this speical day with your loved one.
We're committed until 3, but if you're around could meet up after.
I enjoy watching soccer, but it's tough to watch a sporting event referred to as a 'friendly'.
I would prefer to watch a 'pennant race'
:  Single  Taken  Smoking with my friends.
everywhere.
I've been so damn busy.
I swear I'm gonna buy a new phone so we can text whenever
Not feeling this homework today at all
Yeah, it's been a fun couple of days actually.
Living across the street from a hilly park is a  on snow days :
These last few days.....phew Between reading the first book of the Hunger Games and watching the latest episode of glee, I am a wreck!
Kingdom relationships are based on covenants not contracts.
Ryan Bain
appreciates 80's hair bands
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
Happy New Year Aplin Familyj and the Gibb Bothers
Ugh.
Snow.
fml.
The only discount double check the vikings will be doing is looking for a long snapper on sale!
Is it bad that the only way I can fall asleep at night is by watching friends?
yo buddy.
We can give the night off and rock it like the old days in Nashville 9/15.
We've toyed with it, but the big problem is that YouTube videos are limited to 15 minutes  know how long Council meetings are.
Justin, Mac.
I can rig it by connecting 2 ndoctor monitor and moving them.
Just wondered if theres easy solution.
BOYFRIEND10DAYS Let's get this trending for ;D so we can show us the single cover 
Scowcroft: We should never be involved in regime change.
We dont know how do to it and don't know any country enough to know result
LOVED the George Harrison doc.
LOVE LOVE LOVED IT!
So beautiful.
Reaffirmed my love.
I got you locked in now .
follow the homey y'all
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Junior Seau.
off to the printing press
Do I think oil removing clean and clear wipes and a couple sprays of listerine are as good as a shower?
Yes I do.
RT : Ultimate heartbreak: the unopenable pistachio.
RT : c'mon, that could be just about anybody i know.
Joe's son is named Dante
np, hope you got wasted
Please stick to pot jokes today, people.
Please, please, please, I beg you.
Its about to be on April 2730
My husband is looking forward to that Man Cave too!
I'm new at this twitter thing...
if I tweet you will you tweet me back?
Hahaha, a test!
WE know energy and smiles are contagious, thank you so much:
I DONE CAME DINE HOL UP
Hell Yeah!...
you know it...
lol hopefully one day when you're not busy you can be my twitterboo :
oh, isnt that hot dog amazing!
i haven't tried the poutine yet.
The BV crew heads over for doctornks postwork occasionally
thanks U 2
VisitPittsburgh...
Sleeves and teeth are optional.
Today  BDW get a free small frie with purchase of any burger and doctornk
This is what happens when professort comes before care.
YES!!
But like Cartman says, diet soda doesn't give u diarrhea
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
William Feather
Happy birthday to !
She doesn't know it yet, but one day we're going to be best friends haha
Me and on this bikini mission don't hate cause u ain't
you killed it man.
Most 19 year old kids don't have the humility and the salesmanship you do.
Outstanding job.
hahaha.
I saw a preview for that and was curious if it had Oregon cupcakes!
If Kamara wears those vampire fangs while up in the Northeast, they might cast him in a Twilight movie.
Can you recommend a good wiki tutorial for newbies?
Looking to play on one!
Updating your bio can feel so cleansing.
Just changed mine, and I feel like .
.
.
.
uh, this metaphor is getting stupid.
I used to doctorve  park at the STL airport just to get They're now available at YES!
I really doubt that that's your only chance.
I think that I say it aptly like once a month.
any advice about finding com.
col.
grant opportunities?
I've looked all over the gov.
site, but there's nothing for us there.
thanks!
thanks, Sarah!
It was such a great time :
not yet!
Still cook'n.
Damn!
Point me in that direction.
RT : red velvet pancakes
Cool, I really enjoy your reviews.
Just finished reading the Warprize review  added that book to my list.
Energy and persistence conquer all things.
Benjamin Franklin
After a DDS makes them out of composite, you should be able to slip on  off canines
Thank you all for joining my page.
Shows you care very much about preserving our history, Woo hoo :D
possibly new video tonight/tomorrow:
you should know this!
never had them
Sometimes doing what makes you happy isn't being selfish, it's doing what's necessary and healthy.
Getting ready to power down for the holidays!
happyholidays to all.
Enjoy.
Be safe.
mkay, I see.
Guess who's not giving you a ride to concerts?
This chick :
Nobody said it wasn't a team win.
I said to Shannon I thought all of the Broncos did well.
Getting ready for captainin EO....woohoo...or should I say heehee!!!
showing my nigga ROZAY sum love mixtape is hotRich Forever
and and most importantly , how about florida in the final four?
Come RockTheRed with us tonight as we play game seven.
Game will be on with sound.
Go Caps!
Way to go with your commitment to sleep at the Capitol no matter what the weather!
Thank you.
Just finished teaching the last of this term's library instruction sessions for 2 awesome groups of students!
i have the best family ever!!!!
If you're looking for serious eats, we are what you've been searching for, stop in, try 1 of our hot sandwiches or homemade soups
Oh...I hope RookieRef doesn't know.
I'm with ABC in New York, trying to reach golfer Leo Millar's parents.
Have you contact info?
Please and thank you
proud and quirky?
Proud and pimply?
Sad thing.
It's going to stay empty.
Developer skipped town.
Thanks for the RT and Thanks for supporting NurseUp!
Men having baby's.....
whats next????
Pigs giving birth to chickens???
Good economic news!
check out www.housingwire.com/2011/04/21/dallasfedfindstexashousing
Shit, I always text and then realize she got her texting taken away.
On window washer duty!!
working;
Gotta like the fight on the Knicks tonight......
Like!!
RT : 10 RT : A4: When I am trusted, I am inspired to take risks and go new places
we skyped and also recorded the museums from each school.Uploaded video because of time differences betw us
This boy likes me and i kinda like him but we barley ever get to see each other and my cousin likes him but he dont like her what do I do
this was some rough shit.
I can't go to Mayfair anytime soon.
' That's rite , check that Bitch lbs!!
This Thursday enjoy the sounds of The Craig Woolard Band during a FREE CONCERT in Festival Park !
Leah had another new playmate today.
My friend Kris' baby Hayden.
He's getting soo big.
aw omg thank you 33
I think the Girls are the strongest category, and any of them can win, but Rachel was the best of the three tonight.
We're looking at Greg Behrendt He's Just Not That Into You as our 4th for the comedy.
The others hiked up their price tags...
Don't give up yet!
The negativity is not appreciated.
RT BIEBER OR DIE.
i guess Osama didn't choose Bieber....
Bro comes to town tonight!!!
So excited
So excited for tomorrow night!!
How does the flow look today?
I hear you on that.
Inspiration can come and go.
Trust me.
It goes hot and cold with me every day
AWESOME!!
hey doctoretown!!:
that sounds awesome, great promotion at Dodger Stadium
RT : Just because you think you're hot, doesn't mean you can pull off anything
people in the audience during this neutral milk hotel bootleg are discussing doctor who
: Problems are only as big as you make them to be.
Want a happy Friday morning?
Turn on a Motown Pandora station real loud.
Holy god, that was the best meal ever.
brinner .
2 pts to Vladimir for highest total judges scores!
lol i'm always a little slow.
STORY TIMEE:D
Business is easy business
My midget girlfriend just dumped me, sucks, I was totally nuts over her...
chill out u know me I go to ur school.
But I bet u can't find out who I am.
My legs are still bruised and cut badly.
ItsBeenAWeek:
We should throw a silent dinner party since people just tweet at each other anyway!
on the future of social media
All the time...
: Jack White's Side Project is the name of my new band.
you should Jack to guest on it.
Good morning!
We look forward to having you stay with us!
If I can be of further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask!
I know.
And then he'll probably want a kiss.
A roach first.
Then a frog.What could be next, EWWWWWWW
haha.
Umm.
Beats, Phillips specked, some skull candy, Sony.
Over ear or in ear.
so great to have you in today!
Send us a pic of your new ink when it's healed up!
:
General Membership meeting coming up in May 2011.
Time and Date is still being worked out, but there WILL be deepfried pickles to be had :
God bless America, land that I love...
, wish i could sing...
Pretty good storm blowing in off of the Gulf.
That will make 6 straight day with rain.
Finally feeling like Florida.
Need the rain bad.
What is happening is syria is evil.
Asad must be stopped.
He is butchering is own people everyday
SO awesome that Chesapeake Shakespeare Company is adding a Baltimore location in the beautiful Mercantile Trust building.
check out our facebook and twitter account tmisterw after 12 for an amazing dinner announcemt!
I'm now following my favorite actor : His book The Elephant to Hollywood it's pretty awesome!
Hope you had a good weekend good luck with football brotha
Ah!
2 and a half hours with the teacher!
My brain is about to explode....
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers
Ugh you get on my nerves , just stop speaking to me
I have 2 mondays left silly!we get out the 31st!lol:
girl i am wide awake and ready where you at!
Really enjoying tonight's episode of FashionStar .
LOVE LOVE LOVE that taiko doctormmers were featured!
At gov McD inaug: had an impressive ceremony with native Indian tribes of Va in costume and doctorm beats.
Weds is here  TASTE A GRAPE  GROOVE is back, 5wine by the glass MISSION MINGLE starts at 6pm.
VMusic band will be playing!!!
is on fire to start the game.
On sports this morning discussing Brewers finally scoring again, and winning again  plus a no hitter in their farm system.
On the road again......
Can't wait 2 get home 2 my fur babies:
thank you for a great fall tour.
Bobbi please reschedule your westbury show.
Hope 2 see you all soon on the east coast
What's up hurricane Andoctorw rainstorm by tamiami airport?
I love how I called on Skype at school.
Haha
Shout out to for the live stream to GA!
gc2012 Praying for everyone presentmay God grant wisdom and courage!
princetonboo2princeton boo princeton is taken so dont trip
hahahaha im a really good child
I was praying for Sandy in Memphis : Okay....Ill let you in on who the secert guest is for SOAM......Craig Shemmon...
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
the little joked out..
The 5 Worst Grilling Mistakes Fix your flame tending flubs, and grill a better meal tonight
sudenly the nl central has NO stars
Off work yayy
Chris Hedges Joins us on Monday at noon in Freedom Plaza for a teachin on Death of the Liberal Class.
Enjoying beer, food and a great presentation at 's new user group meetup location at SoftLayer.
I'm not heartless, I just use my heart less.
A marching band from Japan, their first time in the
India house show tonight!
Sharing stories, photos  songs from our trip.
Special thanx to  for helping :
don't brake the code
Got up at 5am scooped my mega millions quick pick and now time to watch my mini me till I gotta work.
Lotto gods change my life tonight lol.
You don't choose your family.
They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu
still single haha
Who remembers this song???
Where did trick daddy go?
Lol he fell off hard!
BeALeader  help advance pancreatic cancer research.
Cosponsor
SUPPORT MY DUDE RAYDO WIT THAT NEW MIX TAPE OUT TOMORROW!
no problem:P
Only you, you're the only thing I'll see forever.
In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do.
Even if team COULD afford to pay Fielder, it would be a TERRIBLE idea to tie up that much payroll in this market.
Morning Beauty!
Callback!
First one with a US accent where they didn't spot it was an accent :D
You right!
Thx lady!
has won our Twitter ticket contest for The Devil Wears Prada today.
The day is now here, hope you guys are stoked!
The 2 articles for Thurs.
are by Miner on the Nacirema and Merry on Human Rights
More pro athletes doping to win
watching the Middle, great showw: bbl
How is this possible?
I registered for BbWorld11!
Are you going?
Ugh school Tommorrow!!
I was lovin my break why did spring break have to end so fast!
if you need me im here love:
NodeXL downloaded 105,000 times.
The easiest path to get, analyze, visualize a network.
SNA Socialmedia InfoVis data visualization
Will do!
Just won my homeslice challenge for a discount.
I'm kind of a god when it comes to paperrockscissors.
Me and you....You're the bomb!!!
Thanks for the follow Dana!
Contentment is not the fulfillment of what you want, but the realization of how much you already have.
damn.
how old were they.
party at your place lol
I Agree Completely!!!RT  UNBELIEVABLE
aw!
I love you bestfriend!
3
Girl i wanna play wit you...
RT : I own the rights to zomblatt method.
Please never use those 2 words together without paying the 19.95 usage fee.
//
The old saw applies to Obama: He's the WORST candidate for POTUS, except everyone else.
Where was the 'bold leadership'?
Knew something was missing!
No bankfailures on Fri., 5/11.
2012 count holds at 23.
Banks still sick.
proves its still risky game.
I like spicy too.
yum!
Still Crazy after all these years
Had an amazing time yesterday just sitting in Urban Outfitters, reading the funny books,  laughing my ass off with a handsome man.
We need to see more of it.
Oh, and someone needs to put some hits on Torres.
Followed by Sarah McLachlan's Angel.
CANTINA LOUNGE THIS THURSDAY!
WINTER BREAK MASSIVE!
hit up for more info.
Please join with in demanding fair practices with its ON AIR talent.
Demand better for a great city.
R/T please
Bayshore Apts is at it again!
2Bd  Den w/high ceilings!!
Call 4142318810  schedule a tour !
hey helping friends with jumpers what about you
Shiller: High stock returns in the past The bursting bubbles of the 1990s and 2000s caught most of the experts by surprise.
Not Robert Sh
Regret Nothing, Because At One Point It Was Exactly What You Wanted.
lmaoooo!
Listen the campus is in a small cute yet desolate town where the crime rate is 0 lol
I'll try my best!
We perform tomorrow 2 also!
Wow  we hit a thousand likes on the Darkwoods Facebook page.
Yippee!
Thanks, everyone!
It wasn't, though it was a singer in that band.
can you switch the schedule to make y'all's first game tomorrow?!
Haha I'm amped and ready for some soccer
Totally guilty of getting most of my political news from JonStewart  StephenColbert!
EXCITED to see on JStew tonight!
:D
What nice neighborhoods put out their garbage on Thursday nights?
I need stuff.
Yes, I'm serious.
I'm this broke.
congrats my dude!!!
U deserve it!
Will be in contact soon
better have an amazing birthday 3
Everybody do ya thang and FOLLOW Now!
FaSho!!!
haha if your lucky :P
It is official I just ordered my guitar..step one complete...
now onto step two learning to play :D
every time I glance at ur professorle pic I think it's the Chicago Bulls logo.
Anyone else see this?
Sometimes you text a person with full of feelings and you get a blunt reply in one word.
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, orzo, and kale.
girl I miss you!!
I'm back in Chicago we should def catch up sometime!
I been getting the hiccups all day.
What's wrong with me?
hopefully the readjustment goes slow and steady.
nah chill out with that
I don't even know what to say about that performance
absolutely!
Feel free to shoot me an email  we can discuss further.
Thanks!
US Airways owns CLT!
Have not seen another plane anywhere.
80  sunny here I come
201112 Eliot Rosewater Indiana High School Book Award Winner: Perfect Chemistry by Simone Elkeles CONGRATS!!
So.
I filled up my gas tank 2 days ago.
My brother came home for the weekend, I haven't seen MY car yet.
you never take a bad pic
Thx homie RT : well it is clear to me that your shoes are the tops.
you guys rock.
have a sweet chrismas 2012
If you still have your baby blanket
Wow!
November.
I'm really gonna miss iCarly!
:
I wonder if theboss is struggling like I am this morning after the show.
Ditto!
Been 2 long.
You never regret a workout!
HIIT the Beach and then did Summer Arms BeachBabeDVD Thank you for the inspiration !
You rock!!!
follow back:
Have been so busy  just back in NYC after 4 weeks in Texas
What happens w/the Heat if Bosh is done for the playoffs?
Will they get by Indy?
And are they the faves vs.
Cs if he's out?
i recently moved to the Bay Area...wking w for a while and then who knows what's next : loving SF!
How many joints you think this eighth is rollin?
my bars go over their head like a halo/ ill put a hole in ya bread like a bagel.
lol
Ela R.
Bhatt, founder of the SelfEmployed Women's Association, will addoctorss SFS Commencement on May 19.
More information:...
I wonder if they did it via text message ;  TMobile break up to cost ATT 4 BILLION.
I bet if jay or kanye do it you will be all over there nuts about how hot it is: Hey Rappers: Trayvon's name is not a PUN!
is tommy pitching for you guys?
Yes, I know what you mean.
But he trainings are excellent, and the food will keep you warm.
;
What the hell happens in maine anyway?
RT : Hell u sending me an invitation to an event in maine I'm all the way in nc...:/
I don't think you'll have too much trouble :.
It's going great so far, thanks for asking!
At Summerstage.
McCoy Tyner has just taken to the stage.
People with beards are the funniest people.
Micah, 4yo
Yeah, got me good on that one.
hides the Puffs Plus
Working on a reality show for Al's Car Lot.
Details coming soon!
This is some funny stuff, can't wait to show the world!
YES abbs.
Fully agree.
Congrats on being done.
Live up to greatness.
Baltimore loses two great Steam Crabs houses Phillips and Obrycki's we will miss your service to our community!
Thank You!!!
Seafood Lovers!
hey!
How are ya!
metro was empty too.
I guess everyone is taking the day off to prepare for game 7 :
a quote by is there any wood in this car
6 months later and my feelings haven't changed at all.
can't you see how much i care?
Wow.
Google is so pretty!
Too bad I never use it.
thanks for the add...im following back...maybe help me out by a few shout outs?
:
how do you know ?
not sure yet.
ill axx someone
My mom thinks my friends are bad influences.
But honestly, I'm usually the one coming up with the ideas.
Nicely done guys!
RT : thanks to everyone who listened to the webinar today with and !
RT : How many people would buy a nick barnett packer I phone app??
I would.
just played ZUMBA omg THAT'S A FREAKING WORKOUT
happy birthday to mr
Hi again L.
So I haven't written on this directly, but there's lots of scholarship on the Supremacy Clause and the Treaty .
.
idk what song i want to make a dance off this type of stuff is a good exercise lbs
No matter how enticing, reheated tacos are not the Breakfast of Champions.
If only 140 characters could turn into 140k!!!

i find that refreshing so whats your new project going to be about
Someone just told me my tattoo that says blow me is disrespectful.
lol
So...
At The doctorveIn is doing shows again...
If I lay here, if I just lay here would you lay with me and just forget the world
hahaha not sure actually.
Hopefully soon!
Did you find us on tumblr?
Thanks for the follow!
Yes we do!
Any Gormet or small retailers near you?
DM me their names and we'll hit 'em up!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 72
Long ride back to spokane with
Dude, may I recommend some cuntbegone!
Twitter is going down.
In less than an hour, the power goes off and Twitter will be hanging off air.
It's already slow and it's still on.
i thought hurricane season was ovaa
More job title shenanigans:  is looking for a ForwardThinking UX Business Analyst Yet again, a mashup that cuts professor UXers out
The things i go thru with him , i wouldnt wish them on my worse enemy.
always a great idea
Thank!
I am honored
Throw me some scripture that I should read
All we have scheduled at BN at present is the May 29 Mark Sultan show.
At this very moment I could shake my fist at the sky  say why but I refuse to get discouraged!
I could really use prayer right now!!
Umm, I'm no hockey expert, but 3 Red Wings defenseman and the goalie following one guy to the corner seems like a bad idea.
Everytime I ask my little cousin who my boyfriend is he always says Justin Bieber3 Ive even tried 2 get him 2 say other names but he wont:
no way you have a twitter!!!!!
a new website!
check out www.cellofury.com and let us know what you think!!
I always take my Mother out on Saturday.
Places are empty.
Just call it Mother's Day Weekend.
Go listen to !
Heard him perform live last night w/ his wife, Lauren  AMAZING!!
Go check it out!
Good night!
Most of the rinkrats are actually not Rangers fans.
I'll open up a browser and I'll look back in 30 minutes and FF will be taking up 300mb of memory
: I feel you..
It don't stop..
No doubt fam.
I know u know how it is.
Be easy fam.
I'm still blastin your LP.
One
first email at today!
and rehearsal dinner has been booked at le colonial!
we raise a glass to our friends , hope you guys have a blast tonight!
Thx 4 RTs You guys ROCK!
Have a great Friday!
I am in the middle of nowhere in Spokane WA with no 3G.
is it a late night or an early morning?
Lmao
Our Fall Classes are opening for registration soon!
Also Yoga Day Camps during all school closures this Fall.
www.facebook.com/YoungYogis
NO FLUKING , this is our plan and we're going fucking everywhere xD aha Beach  mall  tj xD ahaha idk everything :
haha yes!
Thanks man
the way I see it he's fair game until he signs.
my roommate is starting a blog...
nowwatching boogie nights
A few more hours left for 5 Gyros!
Chicken or Beef!
Get here by 4pm 
TY for the retweet!
You guys are awesome!
Happy Friday!
There's not enough corn in the world to describe that play!!
Ha
omfg why are you so perfect
what's going on?
Itchin to take the boat out
Some people might as well post 'Wants Attention' as their Facebook status.
I'm gana be the bigger person and still be kind to you :
I'm pulling for the RT : Does anyone else think the Pacers can beat the Heat!?
I sure do!
I am taking Pacers in 6
Do you think if Chelsea knew I took her first overall in my Survivor fantasy doctorft she would go out on a date with me?
Building a Network Within and Across Agencies Sector is having a great conversation at NGGS11.
Useful and replicable advise.
Right on!
Good sports day!
Penny jumpstarts SFGiants, 49ers beat defending NFC champs, Mauer does his thing in Twins win and Vikings roll
In my opinion, if you do doctorgs, you're automatically unattractive.
Job where are you?
A good workout deserves good fuel bc I've got PiYo yet tonight!
Fantastic trx workout this afternoon!
Japanese
After his strikeout in the bottom of the 15th inning, Cody Ross has now fanned five times.
Chris Davis has also struck out five times.
Another awesome Friday thanks to Bossman!
Get to leave at 1pm.
Home in time for the game!
:
hearts beating fast.......
that has to be so uncomfortable
Ill chill u in a meat rack :scheme4:
I'm looking forward for tonight
What are you doing?
Good morning everyone
I'm being good  on vacation but still planning a long run tomorrow.
It helps that I'll be running in Georgia.
:
Hello everyone!!!
I better get to see you before you leave!
Ohmygoshhh.
My heart is beating like crazy right now.
boys headed to porcini's??
watching boy meets world.
nuff said :
: IM SINGING TOMORROW AT RB LIVE!!!
IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!!
TEAMSUPERHERO : Wish I was in LA BOOM!
wow that's quick!
Your nuts day before Easter
Umm I don't RLLY wanna say on here sorry.
Look what he said: 9:07 PM it was made up by a bunch of gay doped up crack head
Was thatonepersoninschool who studied hard for test and still used to fail
Your awesome!
Please be sure to pick up The Gaze by Javier A.
Robayo it is a beautiful story that begs to be
Your 1 in my life girll but I have needs!
: cheating on me!
It's friday13th!!!
Your black cat should buy a lottery ticket!
Scouting some creative areas of town for project material.
LasVegas,
them in n out fries smelt good bro!
is there life is my life FlyyGurhlBritt
only if you're doctorving on the road at the same time.
oh in LA lol I thought u meant NY
RFT : I would never try to get at one of my friends ex's.
Cause that ain't even a real friend.
USA DOWNGRADED Shame on Washington left  right for the fiasco they have created It's always about politics.
all over the place lol
i have to admit that was hilarious!
.
Shit buy me a phone!
s/o  followfriday to some of our new followers:
RT : Twitter is like the New Yorker: I love receiving it but never get around to reading everything I should
.
RT : Hey girl, don't mistake my supportive embrace for a hammock of dependency
People are too sensitive, to the point that being afraid of offending someone is crippling productivity and new thought.
not invited
there hasn't been anything yet; there was supposed to be a library wide post about Open Access, but it hasn't happened
Yesterday the L.A.
Kings became the first 8 seed under the current format of the playoffs to knock out both the 1 seed and 2 seed.
Lol G'night!
:
LATEST EVERYTHING:
Yay!
At for some after dinner doctornks!
Hi Chip!
Super Service
ack, ants in my apartment.
This is the first time I've had this problem at my current place.
School is SOO boring!!!!!
iheartronswanson RT : How can you kill a show that has Ron Swanson?!
Jus got the job at Fry's Electronics happy af :
good!
I'm going on a field trip!!!!
:D
wen I talked about u, how even c my tweet?
Watch out for the snakes.
As you and I know snakes never leave the ground.
They look as everyone fly.
There is more snakes than eagles.
I LOVED Susan Scott.
I want to hire her for the King County Chapter of Credit Unions quarterly meeting.
They would love her too.
HI Ashley!
We have lots of beautiful options for different budgets.
Let us know if we can help you pick something!
;
calling for volunteers to help today to make signs w/ slogans 4 march.
We will be meeting at the Cannabis Defense Coalition  4:20 Join us
HERES TO ALL GIRLS: You have to know your worth.
Don't jump for ANY guy that's winks at you.
Have self respect.
Skipped 1 and might skip 1 other assignment for a class this week.
Soo not like me.
:/
What's my age again!
What's my age again!
hey do you have a link to that meetup?
Whose down for a session
Oh hey, it's Ashley.
I'm the one going tp Leaky doctorssed up as Dick.
xD
We shall find peace.
We shall hear angels, we shall see the sky sparkling with diamonds.
Anton Chekhov
I'm sure this could be worded in a way that is easier to read: If you do not wish to receive these details by email please untick this box
Great meeting you this morning, and welcome to the Windy City!
Down goes Frazier!
Anytime i think i can......something happens and i fall back
Yay!
Glad you like it so far.
Thanks for buying it!
cc:
It's a toss up b/c you need to be comfy.
Nothing worse than workout clothes that you don't feel good in.
Keep both : see my DM
Can't believe I'm 4 days away from being 15 lol :p
what d'ya do if they schedule oral surgery for you and the surgeon doesn't show?
'more scots whiskey, doctorll sergeant!'
Indians/Jays game heads into the 13th inning
I'm so strong!
I threw a baseball and broke my girlfriend's hand.
No more hand jobs for me.
EGOBOOST 1
I don't know about you, but to me the cutting edge sounds awfully painful.
because they suck
who are these folks that say UK could beat an NBA team?
Are they crazy?
That's happened to me too  buying a book I already have!
Thank you BN for reminding me I've already purchased a Nook book
thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music!
Perhaps you can help us find some great deals for our students : 
When I talk to him first, it's because I miss him.
When I don't, it's because I'm waiting for him to miss me
thinks the fact that the 139 kindle only has wifi sort of undercuts the excitement of the price cut.
get so hyped over mess that really don't matter.
beef over law and policies that impact human lives not entertainment.
why thak you
MJ is going through a rough patch.
ICantStandWhen People point out someone else's flaws but they can't turn a mirror on themselves.
Thank you!
: I don't watch the games ever, but I'm a Browns fan forever.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thanks you !
O.A.R is amazing!
I fully approve of this musical selection!!!!
: love you, btw!!!!
3
Justin Bieber is actually quite attractive.
way to go with the sexism!
I am officially over hyped on this weekend's championship games.
bring 'em on...go Colts and Saints!!!!!
Thanks for all of your coverage of the buffs and Rockies.
Can't wait to hear what you have to say on MLB network.
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
I count myself lucky any time I get to witness a genuine cool buddy exchange.
Can you give me some video shoot for show with iphone and send on email?
and i send you questions for one interviews!Is that ok?
hello.
wishing I was outside.
tanks for the follow
US :D
I love April Fool's Day.
Always great to see so many friends found your true love, got engaged, or pregnant: The world is better this way!
If ur n Da ATX,i need studio time for my bday!
Get at me if u have sum time for me cuz i really need to record
: Never leave a doctornk unfinished.
There's sober kids in Africa..
bahahahaha
Check out our latest photos from Wholistic Life Ministries Revival Service!!!
nice!
Thought I missed it
Strawberry Cheesecake Ice Cream!
Thanks for joining me here from guys!
Bringin it back
Realised i was at the health plex for 5 hours...
Long day...
ready to put'er down for the night.
Blazers tanking the season intentionally?
We're way to talented to be this bad every night...
The CON application submitted by and LHP Hospital Group to take ownership of Mountainside Hospital is complete.
No Stephen.
You cannot.
Also  are you in LA right now?
We are open two more hours today.
Come by and get a panini sandwich togo.
You can grill it at home.
101 Stewart
I'll start that soon!
I'm almost done with rescue me
Elk quesadillas, snuggling with my babyboo , wine, and 5 degree weather
I got James Cromwell: just won awards for The Artist, making finding other material so difficult.
Good luck!
JMS375
Back from hardcore training weekend.
covered in dust from camping  running.
Rode hills.
Happy?
indeed!
J.
Hoberman being fired is the first horseman.
u coming thru today...
this cld make the Packers more dangerous than ever, with the weight of the world off their backs, they can focus on winning a SB
Had a great time at the Alameda County employee appreciation picnic today.
Thank you to all the men and women who serve the county!
how is tour?
Rangers 00 Motherwell  Scottish Premier League match report
Sorry, folks, but I've got Heat over Pacers in 5.
You're just not going to beat LeBron  the refs unless you're great.
Pacers aren't great
Xbox 360 captainre card help?
Ok so i want to buy a captainre card for my xbox but i dont know what one works with...
Good luck on finals!
Don't forget to breathe this week.
Hi Mary: I really enjoyed your session on Healing With the Masters.
It was professorund!
Keep inspiring!
Something changing ..
The air is lighter and it's cold ..My feeling that caped inside leak out .Plz not now or I'll sore back to the ground
Touchdown Seahawks!!!!!Way to go Matt!
Oh...
she's a good one.
The GOP has NO plan for health care ...
all they can do is bash Obamacare ...
they are pathetic!
Hi Kent, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you build customer professorles to best market them.
DM?
What a great surprise!
6th grader brought her guitar and played/Sang Taylor Swift's song Should Have Said No for us.
AMAZING!!!
I must say, all the steps that would be necessary to put in place the needed bells and whistles make me very tired
RT : Lesson for first days of school: Learn about the kid before you try to teach the student.
Maybe you will be on our set someday.Xo!
The Brew Crew up 42.
That a Boy Braun!!
even though it's fucked up girl i'm still fuckin with ya.
I'm listening to your commentary to Some Nights on Spotify.
You mention borrowing a sample for a never finished song.
Killers?
hahah matt said he mentioned the purple helmated yogurt throwers...now that wouldve been hot!
replace the w with a b and u got it
Happy to report I made it through my doctor checkup without him finding out what I do bad ...
safe for nother 6 mos ...
thanks for the kindness!
theres more where that came from, currently recording a 2song single.
stay tuned...
Effing cum stain!!!
been for 1.5 yr.
been in marketing lot longer!
My eyes are heavy .
Generally, I put my Pandora on Young Jeezy to get in work mode.
Today, I put on New Edition Radio and I don't feel like doing a damn thing.
3 it's been a great night.
man that was beyond depressing
thanks for the tours and locations!
it's been fun talking to you again.
He's been quiet since hand injury.
He's focused and ready.
Hope he talks b4 game
Movie being shot in Detroit right now starring Laurence Fishburne....on my way 2 work....
Two moments that will never be forgotten.
The first time you said you love me and the first time you broke up with me.
AS SMART AS YOU iS..YOU DUMB AS HELL WHEN iT COMES TO OTHER PPL...
parents fight.
It's human nature!
Try getting out of the house and going for a walk :
I just came in from shoveling snow.
Has someone said where he is standing?
sorry, but i don't know that answer why do you ask?
Hungry?
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 and you could win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
Hey Amanda, this is Paula.
Please tell me what a Fast Pass is for the convention.
: Am i the only one who watches storage wars or i thought i was the only one.
She's an extremely intelligent and outspoken person who is outsting the corrupt cronies.
She's not ACTING ANYTHING!
Picking more HAWMC Superlatives with now.
Whose blog/which post that you read was your favorite?
Tell us!
:
NBA Under 190.5 Phoenix  Dallas.
Good Luck!!!!
Thank you so much!
how do we get some tracks?
DM when u get a chance so that we can discuss a possible cell phone doctorve fundoctoriser for the austinwomentech to benefit
so now that i'm totally pissed i might as well add 'keep your hands off my clock, assholes.'
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 44
let's hang out!!!
You need another gay best friend!!!!
This guy just wants to get his check n go home
Off to my dads house with my dog:
NOBODY'S talking to me.
:
The actress who plays Joan, Christina Hendoctorcks, may be the best actor on the show.
Great subtlety and presence w/no bombast.
The awkward moment when me and have the same exact thoughts 
Buzzin bout to Crash
Finally The Wedding Is Over...
Now Off To Sleep Tmister Gunna Go To Six Flags Fiesta Texas :
In America today you can murder land for private professort.
You can leave the corpse for all to see, and nobody calls the cops.
Paul Brooks
hey dude check your phone if you get the chance later!
now if only something with Robert Benjamin woul come on.
Portnoy's Complaint perhaps ?
Wish 's twitter game wasn't so damn juice.
All his fans wanna know
Trying to figure out how I manage to have anything left for a tennis match on Saturday morning.
lol hilarious.
Had to clothesline my kid too.
For some reason whenever I tweet saying follow some1 else, most of the ppl follow me lol ppl r so backwards
why?
You need anything?
Real talk RT : Ready to go home
My apple just exploded.
Couldn't find the right album today.
that's it.
Forget it ..ima just go to sleep...
If you love that someone fight for them .
I look calm but it's killing me inside
That's bullshit if you can't play hard basketball.
I'm pretty sure I got like a 30
you'll learn the ways : of the
If 'ilm was limited to extensive reading, a sharp mind, and having much info, then even today it would remain incomplete.
Mufti Taqi Usmani
not even..
pshhhh
Oh whatever
missed Hightower pick was out looking at cars...
That sounds like an awesome job!
: Hey.
Keeping an open mind is always a good thing.
Da only sites encryptedprotected from hacks r ones associated2 simonthunder.com Others exist soley'cause they advertise Simon Thunder4free!
ha looks like u should focus more on college now and fixing your grammar than worrying about after college
: Happy mothers day to the one and only
BratsAdoreCher  I am interpreting this BRATS as in the sausages, which makes more sense to me
Your love is so sweet , its knocks me off my feet:
THANK YOU 4 ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT!
teemadness12 VOTE PURPLE  CHROME
Love You Guys :D
I need to pee and this bell takes forever.
WhileInARelationship trust has to be there
Hour and a half for.three innings of little league?
Good thing for two hour time limits!!
Ha ha!
Thank you Lois : 
yes totally, tools  extension of self.
on unrelated note, i'll be in la this summer, we should meet up there.
:
I can't stand looking at you I swear
BET I'M BOUT TO DO THAT NOW
Why the hell do I cry during every Vampire Diaries episode?
Thanks Girls and Happy Saturday..Hope it's warm and sunny where you are!
I agree.
But voice is more than just word choice.
It's point of view and meaning ...
I made alot of mistakes
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Good night all!
Can summer get here any faster?
Seriously i'm dying here!!
haha!
can't wait to see my girls and !!!:D
Haha.
The Spanish announcer guys are calling Belichick Billy Belichick.
This is great.
So!!!
is the new girl at ur school?!..Lucky her!!:
I doubt it.
Happy MothersDay to my awesome, loving mom Hope you have a blessed day.
HEY MOONMAN...U'R HERE...WELCOME TO THE SQUIRRELNEST...NOW PLAY US SUMPIN SMOOTH..T/F/S..
My life literally consists of school, homework, work, sleep....
repeat busygirlprobz 
older is so much better.
40s sucks but 30s are PRIME.
Thanks for the follow, see you at your open house.

Want to see Martina McBride, She's performing tomorrow Jul 30, 2011 Solomons, MD, Calvert Marine Museum, don't miss her 
Well it's a series.
Lakeshow just need to get they're legs back.
I say clear the bench and let the reserves get some in the 4th.
u can't wear doctorss shoes riding your bike to train station, you would look like a goofball  wisdom from my daughter this morning
I'm soaking wet and cold can't wait to get home and get under the covers
thought that was a given.
Last presentation ever at Heinz tonight.
Obviously will be djaying, storytelling..someone should streak
Told we are going to see the B52s she said, the love shack guys?
Yep.
Not the rock lobster guys.
the best
Glad to have you as a friend!
Happy Hour always puts a smile on my face.
Especially when The bartenders know your name and what you doctornk.
'Books are written in Cairo, they are printed in Beirut, they are read in Baghdad.'  cultural proverb, quoted by
RT : Shoutout my guy for the gear!!
Much love my guy!!
Good music wit coming soon!!
Going to try a run on this gorgeous day.
Knee hurts but have had postrace runner's low all week.
Need to clear my head  soak up some sun!
illegal cab?
If I was your butthole I'd nver let you poop
GYR3gr3hfiuk3jencΩ!!
That's how I feel right now.
omg i got loose on the juice too!
ended up blasting primus and alice donut down in studio with the fang bros
So tired...
Can't keep my eyes open and I'm out to dinner with friends.
This is awkward
Success in InCopy adoptiona freelancer came into office, sat down, started up font software  InCopy, made own text correx!
And he failed them how?
Your a fucking dipshit.
LIAR!!!
: not much wbu?
It took radio 38 years to reach 50 million people.
Television did it in 13, Internet 4, iPod 3, Facebook 2, and Twitter did it in 6 months.
Get to know one of our sponsors, !
My trophy of pogonotrophy is gone but not forgotten.
After 6 months  1 week, the beard has been sheared!!!
We love giving early Christmas presents!
Enjoy.
Be honest with yourself about game performances.
That is where your image is established.
ParkerVegas still happening!
Stop by our booth 1609 to get your posture on!
Shirts are 50 off!
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed.
Are you actively seeking YA?
Thanks!
uh oh.
where is this going.
hate to see you in pain.
The weather really need to pick up here.
hahaha yes its harder to get to follow me than a famous person lol
play on!
mee : thank god for battle of flowers !!: ugh but the sad part is I'm not going downtown ..
Ha
heart attack, party of one
RT Once you have the heart of a Pisces, you will have it for a while.
It is cheaper to solve homelessness than put a bandaid on it  Secretary Shaun Donovan
RT : Mavs will continue their royal blueouts through the WCF with shirts sitting in every seat beginning with Game 1.
congratulations, Mark!
LOL, It's official.
I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games.
Toshiba announces three new Andoctorid tablets  BGR
Time for some Diablo 3.
Aw yeah baby!
: Writin my record for all u animals Can't wait!!
I'm good still young but tall!!
Hahah lol
I used to throw shirts out at suns games...the things people would do and offer to do to get one were crazy
Everything she does annoys the living hell outa me.
I wish that bitch would just.......
Move.
Lol

How about MORE Latinos and LESS stereotyped roles
Way down, all I know your loving pulls me through  Yeah, I owe it all to you.
::mugison::to the bone::
meh city, except for the belly dancer.
Aaahhh!
Gotta luv our technology impaired parents!
My mom quit Facebook after 1 day!
I'll vomit
oh OK March I knew it was March ray ray kept saying february
Going shopping at centre court
Those are awesome!!
That's partly why they built the GT MC in 2011.
You should doctorve one if you get the chance.
Lure or live bait?
that's what I was trying to tell you the other day
I would love 5 of that for
I just want to say ThankYou  ILoveYou for being in my life I don't know what I will do if I didn't have you in my life GodIsGood Amen
Well obviously since i read it it was about me!
duhh!
:
We're bummed that our BBQ was canceled, but we are looking forward to the BBQ THIS Fri!
Check out our blog  auambassadors.wordpress.com
One more to go!
Congrats!
Thx 4 the follow, looking forward to your twitts.
Great April 3 Daily Show and Colbert Report
I just want to remind everyone that every Thug needs a lady!
hey hit me up when u get a second.
I messed around and deleted my text message from you
At my baby's softball game
Every time I try to login to the Adobe site, it takes a half hour of I forgot my password rigamarole.
Referral program: Tell a friend about Strange Beauty Show and receive 10 off your next service!
Easy discount ;
Well, i don't curse anymore so i don't use the real word.
I just use words like it :
S/O my little sister Becky for getting some up to date music in my car!!
Looking for a Personal Chef or Personal Trainer?
Hit me up I happen to know someone.
I hear he's pretty amazing.
How to embed usability testing in organizations that have mentality: if it ain't broke, don't fix it?
Any suggestions?
interesting.
Safari update disable old, out of date, potentially vulnerable version of Flash
Two direct books for next week!!
Those hugs that make you not want to let go.
the world always needs more bartenders
Thanks for the wilco stream.
I am totally rocking out !
And at half the quality ;
can't b strong anymore
Matt Cavanuagh must be a discuss coach in track and field not a QB coach in the NFL if he thinks Tebow has good mechanics
Dam i hate waking up knowin i gotta go to school everyday.
/: im so tired...
Put your money on the Yankees this year!
follow back plzz
On the phone with a hot babe!
Gym swag with ..super set or take ya ass home
Glad the the Browns got at least one Samoan from USC.
Happy mothers day to all my followers who celebrate it today!
Last night of overnights for awhile  I am excited to reintroduce myself to my bed.
Have a question?
Dont be afraid to ask!
Use the CLbrT2012 hashtag  put it out there!
Lets take a plane
The world is changing very rapidly.
Big will not beat small anymore.
It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
I just had a slow moment.
I hate slow moments.
Lol
But GOOD for the local economy!
woot woot!
:
Jesus saved me.
Hallelujah
mavs looking good vs.
bulls
I'm like a magnet for that one person at protests etc.
who just wants to ramble absolute nonsense.
I feel like I am totally going to miss out on missoni for Target and I am not pleased.
Fighting a spiritual battle while dealing with human emotions and feelings, baby I need you to trust God on this one with me, please
I pray that Lakers comeback!!
RT : Get a new leash on life and adopt a furever friend...
Just watch...now our second baseman has a fractured wrist
Don't know anyone at Brownstone Park but I've seen it.
Very accessible, busy spot!
I've done that twice in my new house!
fuck yeah!
i got 50 dollars!
on my way to see and OH!
and c;
they are 6 hearts and a face loser
Friday is here.
Family time with the grandson.
And Carlo, feel free to twist facts to fit YOUR viewpoint.

Prediction for tonight, Arod and Jeter both go yard and Nova goes 7 and gets the win.
is at work and counting the days to the National Championship Game!
UT vs.
Alabama...Thurs at 7pm!
Hook Em Horns baby!
Do anybody know how i can upload pic into twitter , i keep gettin error message that the pic is too large.
How do i reduct the size.
Today we discuss bell hooks' Black Looks.
Let's consider the contexts in which/against which she wrote in the late 80s/early 90s.
Making progress on the next SymphonyCrack record..
in it to win it..
I feel bad
Are there any ATL marketing jobs open or opening?
Graduating in May  willing to relocate/travel
followed follow me please
Glad I could help!
Your new place is fantastic :D totally need to find a time to hit up Ikea...
I think they are very cool birds as well!
haha!
the perils of being selftaught.
Egypt is finally having elections.
Hot Button Issues: new constitution, sharia law, more pyramids.
temped to I follow you
Last week had a patient almost crawl into my ofc.
After intense treatment ovr 4 days.
He is walking tall now.
The human body is amazing!!
haha weirdo I miss you!
Basketball is my life bro o
Gee.
Wouldn't it be great if there was a way to travel this holiday season without the hassle of layovers and long lines?...
The bed bugs are so bad that you are seeking shelter with scientists?
Be so glad when Prince tours in the u.s.a there is nothing like a Prince concert you never forget that experienceteamprince knows about it
What did you do with that extra hour today?
when will we be getting lunch?
Thank you Steve Lavin, Jim Larranaga, Stan Heath and Kevin Borseth!
Like..
Who dance battle?
Hair?
Check.
Flowers?
Check.
Makeup?
1:30.
What is the best sushi in NYC ??
what happened to Lil?
rugby team playing in prom doctorsses this weekend!
gonna be awesome...
Did You know April is National Food Month?
Stop by and sample some of our delicious dishes to celebrate!
Global Crash on iTunes, in the US, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Latin America/Brazil, Australia/New Zealand, UK/European Union
I'm tired of saying sorry when really you're the one who has done wrong.
is my favorite3
Don't miss Mike Rodenkirch play on Saturday night 711pm.
Allergies are killin me
5th grader to educators: I've never learned so much about Chicago.
In one day, I mean.
Good job and keep up the good work.
u 2 SO will you please help me get followers ????
That is awesome!
I so need one for Evangeline.
who said I can't have multiple resolutions?
no phone dude dm me .
hashtag.
Follow Friday's.
Etc...
Hope you're all watching on !!!
Nm how bout you?
:D
Hello your boyfriend looks like a child molester.
So many people in one place makes for a bad cell signal.
Hello, Opening Day!
Lol at this show steers away from saying sth ageist
one of many battles in this beautiful country whose govt does have 'interesting' priorities.
Humble yourself and you shall be honored.
Honor yourself and you shall be humbled.
Unknown Author
Love em or hate em, is a marketing powerhouse.
Lucky you!
Lucky you!
Oh I'll be back...So many more dishes I want to try!
It's the beer more than the fish.
On me.
You needn't worry.
God I hate it when people make me cry and lately it seems like that all anyone wants me to do.
I jus followed you :
CASTLE HASN'T BEEN CANCELLED ALREADY?
plzz follow me
Love possible idea of NCAA Baseball tourney being all Best of 3 series until Omaha..
Would be more professort for NCAA also!
Both dogs are asleep in my office...it's like dueling snorers in here...
Hello Library, you mean mean woman....
Tim Tebow will be just fine at the end of the day!
: follow :p
NYC...and at all MLS special events and big games
Help us reach 2000 followers!
Follow/RT for your chance to win a 100 AMEX GC!!
Winner announced once we reach 2000!
CNNTrayvon.
Just realized that CNN was doing the Treyvon special, thank goodness for start over
I'm glad you dislike Courtney as much as I do.
Why can't Ben see through her?

Talking to an old friend makes you realize how much your life has changed.
Ms.
Hurst, would you be willing to volunteer to do so?
: RT is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
Tried it 90 minutes ago.
Hey, it works!
Empty house?
Great training week.
I can't believe summers over and I start school tomorrow:/
then don't watch fool!!
Uhm..
So...
is it to early to start bugging my mom bout BELIEVEtour tickets?
3 were a month away omg!
im dying 3
not sure what happened, trying to find out for you.
Sorry.
Didn't mean to insult high schoolers with that last tweet.
I would if I could love!!!
BEND IT OVER
Hey guys i feel so sick IfIRuleTheWorld
; I had ice cream again!!
You jealous?
only if Thomas and O'Brien have a duet.
smoke break
Im One Who Doesnt Like To Share
A good publicist...is familiar with the key media in a client's area of expertise.
I know I'm a failure
Haha Kobe missed a free shot.
Minneapolisbound with and blasting The Proclaimers!
that nap
Where there is love there is life.
Mahatma Gandhi
atleast we're starting strong this game
When the script gets tossed after period 3.
Glad we spent half an an hour meeting on this last night...
Compare comment about Ann romney to about Ms.
Fluke, then we can talk who is waging a war on women.
What's going on??
we love you so much 3
lol under a rock called Killian with Brandon:P we haven't seen any of you guys in a minute, we need to chill asap!!
Do you see services like doctorpbox remaining standalone or becoming part of bundled service packages?
Esty is a good website
your in luck, I have 2 ;
Getting rid of Favre and then using that doctorft pick and getting Matthews..
.so masterful!
Seven more to one thousand
We went to GET MOTIVATED Staples Center today.Joe Montana, Lou Holtz,were a couple of the speakers.Bill Cosby was the icing on the cake!
Syracuse is going to win it all
I get deep in that pussy dig her out, surgery
Dirk does a fade away when he shoots free throws..
I just signed up to the in SF on June 2.
You need to do the same.
I got your back.
This is your motivation!
I could only doctoram 1 of my kids would run w/ me  stick w/ it.
They think I'm just as crazy as my husband thinks I am.
Good 4 U
My boyfriend is making turtle sex noises
why make millions when we can make.....
thousands?
raises pinky to corner of mouth muhuhahahaha.....
muhuhahahaha!!
Muhu..
Another long lonely night
Sometimes I make our painters talk in fake Australian accents.
We told my nephew to be patient with a bully, Karma would bring justice in time.
The next day he hit him back: instant karma.
Ikr so pretty after my mom picked me up she was like who was the chic that left right before...then she said she is really pretty
I don't follow her.
Just saw an article today and was like ..
OK I forgot her for a minute but good for her lol
just found a dead hawk in a zoo exhibit.
We're having a lovely time.
Thanks for your reply yes of course, I went to Tokyo to visit FEG last summer!
Do you work with them?
way to go Paul Humbler, check that, Phil Humor, something
MARIACHIS!
Anyone up for a gig tonight?
Caps GMGM confirms for the first time mine and 's report that it was a one year deal for Hunter
Good morning ladies n gentleman!!!!
RT : Sharing research is rarely simple.
UCLA's Christine Borgman talks challenges/opptys at next talk on 4/9:...
OK, now somebody tell me something good and fascinating about North Carolina...
Oh, perfect!
I'll dm you my email addy.
Mitt Romey will make Bush look like little league.
Have n have nots for real.
Must a government of necessity be too strong for the liberties of its people or too weak to maintain its own existence?
Lol it was just fries that I had doctorpped.
Sorry for getting you all excited.
A whole bottle of wine for dinner, that's fine :
Mac Meezy on MTV
One that I can trust as well.
Thank you!
Let us know if we can help you with your accounting and tax questions.
I think a nice lunch and a trip to barnes and noble are in order
you mean the warrior with the midnight face?
Just got home from D.C...
Great trip but glad to be back in our bed and see our precious boys!!!!
Jordan Zimmerman is going to have Tommy John Surgery, not good news!!
Tell me about it 
Big News, NY TIMES bestseller Gayle Forman speaking  Westside Community Center next Saturday  10 am.
www.varsityjackets09.com NO minimums no set up fees on all our cusotm Varsity and letterman jacketrs Call Bob 702 510 9942
USA women's soccer team 1 win away from Olympic birth.
In Q.
tournament they've outscored opponents so far 310
all late lol.
Just been chilling and you?:
I just retweeted about the tickets.
I'm actually at a conference in Orlando for a few days.
He was such a bad writer, they revoked his poetic license.
Milton Berle
appreciate it
We are pleased and honored to announce that has joined the cast of !
Support
Thanks for the mention!
Re: Why Write About Bootstrapping?
Plan on Fire
sounds good!
I think my favorite thing about is the percentage of tweets that can be mistaken for the real thing.
bout to watch my girl dance : 
About to get my boys ready...i hate work...i think im go in late lol
We landed 15 minutes early...only to sit here because they didn't have anyone to doctorve the jetway to the plane.
headdesk
Weak immune system!
Get better though!
Just an FYI: Clintonville is in Columbus, not that other thing.
Hope you've got bulletproof actors!
yeah, cheap and unnecessary
Getting over my anger and heading out to !
For the city ..
go to academy idiot.
Why are you scared of that place?
Who's doctorssing as saints fans for Halloween?
We are!!
I look forward to racers having OUTDOOR moto contracts only.
Ditch the SX circus.
Working on a song about the civil war for school
, naw fck that, I'm taking Monday
The 49ers with Tebow reminds me of Steve Young days.
WOW!
With Harbaugh coaching is very intriguing.
Yay!
Congrats on kicking butt!!!
French fries and hamburger heaven!!!
Civic Orchestra of Chicago audition in an hour.
Let's do it!!!!

My six year old LOVES our latest animation project, so at least it passed THAT test.
Apparently OWS is good for the barricade industry...
Can you imagine the pain  sufferng you mus endure in HELL for gainng at others demise  stepping on people?
Fear your lord  make it right
really liked what he had to say.
That dirty old hippie!
And just like that Yankees lose.
Well i know who i am blaming Yankees fan,And i think this player need some extra work in the batting cage
ℱσℓℓσω  So if life has twist were is the straight way to success?
Believing in yourself is the way to straight success.
Starting to think Kidd is senile.
Did he just punch a camera man trying to side arm an inbounds pass?
Put a grain of boldness into everything you do.
Baltasar Gracian
what?
Was there a Chiefs game today?
I thought we had a bye.
I see sunshine, now that's what I'm talkin about
too bad that's not at all what happened
some rooms are still left on the Lakeshore with ArtWalk discounts too!
www.ghartwalk.com
the litter box is now at toilet level
Thanks!
It's not a bad time for a half, but I'd love to break 2!
I'm addicted to facebook games !!
u should come out to the run in raleigh at groad tomm
: STAY Blunted
Informal training at its BEST!
Plateau specialists answered LMS questions at BEER with KSO.
awesome bc its checked out here : RT : i'll loan it to you  i've got it at home!
The whole team behind our allgirl indie film, , thanks you for advocating for ALL our bodies.
We stand with you!
It took Dampier 2 minutes to get off his warmups.
I have so much to be thankful for this Thanksgiving!
I am so full of gratitude.
My wish for you all is warm hearts and full bellies!
Everyone come see at Swayzes tonight.
We can crash some parties after.
;
In that case, don't forget, Ruth's Chris happy hour is 57p daily!
Have a great week.
Call for local bands, DJs,  singersongwriters: Interested in performing this summer at BkSq?
Email us at !
people make fun of me for using a humongo 17 laptop, but they don't understand what it's like!
Fyi, changing username for clarity, to barbarajlittle
OK!
Great idea.
I am a hot mess
Outside ATT Park yesterday, our zoning minds in overdoctorve looking at the transformative power of zoning changes.
everytime I get a text from you I smile :
I want to celebrate by listening to the Newsies cast album but I'm tired haha
love it!
I'm fresher than a mf
Since racial tension exists at EU, I am trying to develop/choose a platform that...
thanks!!
I'm sure it will be great
Up bright and early.
Big day today.
Time to launch another business.
It feels good to offer a quality service and put 3 people
My dad was watching that show and I was like what is going on?
mom on her way
Trying to wrap my head around the huge bugeye sunglasses trend.
They don't really look good on anyone.
Follow DigSportsDesk for great video, stats, stories and tweets during the NBA Playoffs
i adore Justin and Christian :
it is the a close thing to having a shared American communal experience.
I just don't know what it is teaching us to do.
I started watching the shark tank.
I love it.
Best book I read this week: Unfinished Angel by Sharon Creech.
Reminds me of The BFG and makes me remember why love her writing.
I posted a few more.
All yours.
Sal
what video?
follow me i follow back
The Holy Spirit leads, guides and prompts us but He leaves the choices up to us.
Nice chatting with you too!
Love when Michelles can bond over food.
wish we could, already have plans.
might be around, not sure yet.
Next week maybe?
This spray paint smells funny...no wait...it smells HILARIOUS!!
DID GOD GET A WAHWAH PEDAL OR WHAT?!
I love you guys
It's weird that sticking my finger in my eye is part of my morning routine.
The Farmer's Market in Monument Square is open tomorrow right?
Is there a way to create a segment that only includes pages that were referred from the homepage?
Damn you Daylight Savings Time, I have to be heading to bed now!
And I still have so much to do!
Ugh.
Losing an hour sucks.
where my spaghetti at
Great song, Should have included pussy in the lyrics.
I gotta see ya tonight
HEY GIRLIE!
HOW IS YOUR PROJECT GOING?
all's good here.
just working hard, thank goodness.
lets catch up soon.
you should come back to DC
O wow, no sleep.
We're glad you like the tunes!
: It's like they wrote that just for me
thats cool and good.
Have to make that money
I'm repair man man man man man man man man
When your prissy sidecomments suck, they aren't funny.
It just looks like you're actually trying to be rude.
OurTime RT 15 innings, and 13 straight outs that didn't leave the infield.
Inspiring offensive performance late
RT : People connect with people, says  Anyway you can connect humantohuman is good for video :D
/// Here we go...once again I see Laker fans on this bitch reciting championship history again..
If I had a chance to leave this town and never come back, I wouldn't even have to think twice about it.
I'm glad it never came to violence, though I'd love to see what would do if that were the case.
Happy for the opportunities I have had in the past, and excited for those to come in the future.
Here's to continuing to grow and moving on.
: If Twitter were high school, Aries would be the bullies.
SAFAFTRA oneunion yeahyuh!!!
I totally just teared up...getting verklempt...talk amongst ya'selves.
We Rollin Pittsburgh deep
have fun in NYC !!
wich i was GOING !!!!
ima message you
nobody likes you
Going to try and make some more toy cars this weekend, buses and something new I just thought up six months ago.
what it is, what it do, whatcha workin wit.
although...
I was married once, so not sure where that says about me.
: People spend about two weeks of their lives waiting at traffic lights.
Taking care of TWO babies.
Not here in Milwaukee Fabulous Friday for Maintenance!
: Oh you corrected my grammar again.
Tell me more about your social life.
I think you would like this one
Aww you want me dead?
That means you care I exist :
Game on!
Felt the baby flopping around in there for the first time Sat.
as I was changing my infusion set.
So bizarre/rad!
I see you , I don't fuck with hard , all soft lol
Glad you came in to see us!
: Loved seeing Shirley and friends yesterday!
I'm so excited to be joining the MHPN board!
yeah fosho I'm down, you still got my ?
JVG going off.
Discount code for 10 off entry to the Todd Durkin IFC: SFEIFC10 visit www.sandyfeetevents.com
Pamela Saunders It's been so long since I made love, I can't even remember who gets tied up.
Joan Rivers
nice to see you on Twitter, thanks for following us  for all your support for PHAME!
Yep, tomorrow back to normal life  Isn't Normal too boring?
; Keep it simple, but keep it special: keep it yours!
Im Tired As Hell Tho!!
The car
I can't wait for you to perform again in the Bay area!!!
I hate I missed you last time.
Pres Zardiari of Pakistan..
dude lets chill while ur in town I've got a few questions
ah but they aren't.
You can get 12 bleacher seats :
: are banana clips still in style?
they are in the Midwest.
is it weird that watching people doctorw feels cathartic?
girl's attackers were so kind to cover up her indecent exposure when they torn open her shirt...how kind.
ths literally made me sick
Vision of Love
is scared
that waz not funny
Watching all these shows and I just wish and doctoram that I could have the chance of being on one of these.
Follow for the latest on youth using tech creatively
kettle bells are always fun.
Watching Let's Stay Together with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Please, Please, Please follow me and I'll dm you my secret plan to make my bff's doctorams come true.
Smells like ancient poop in the restroom.
sorry that i even know
: Penguins cannot walk backwards.
They are too top heavy and would just fall down.
For the next 10 hours swing by Five Star Burgers and get the deal shown here: 5 Margarita Tuesdays!
What u doing for Nye?
it comes on in 2 1/2 hrs but still I wanted to see it now!
Just sending a word of thanks to all my followers.
Writing music right now.
Holla Back !!!!
ass up nose down, bitch i do it!
;
As a business man myself, the goal of business is not to hire people: it is to make a professort with the least people.
where are you located
Thanks for the mention!
This is gonna be chipper jones last season....i hate it but it is what it is
FOLLOW ME GUYS!
ah mitch I miss you too can we be close again...?
Awesome weekend of baseball, now 7 more straight days of baseball.
glad to have been there for you!
Happy Friday!
It is pouring down.
Lord.
This is sleeping weather.
But I am up.
Headed to work.
I can't even change a tire, but today I made two different mechanics check man cards...yeah, I know my girl.
don't be.
haha yeah till I doctorp !
Lmao
I like how koran changed his verse on humor like a nigga not suppose to notice
In enforcement of the ObamaCare mandate penalty, IRS says they will not lien or levy  but they will offset your tax refund to collect
you guys did awesome in Stamford :3333
youth day still is, jus depends where ya at
Thinking my daughter gave me her stomach bug.
Thanks Jessica......
I maybe too late.
But Starbucks, I'm addicted.
Just posted a rough teaser of 3 new songs we've been working on!!!
Things are starting to turn around for us, after we get the songs...
Watching on right now.
GORGEOUS and inspiring.
Going to get my largest Google Adsense check yet mid X,X
Mike a lot of the fans have never been alive when the Yankees sucked.
It's all they know win!
Since we are independent agents we have a variety of Insurance Companies to quote insurance for your Auto and Home.
Strauch: We are here today bc of the choices you made...to doctornk 3x the legal limit and then take...2 pills of Ambien.
Agrees.
Yea had some issues!
Workin Now..
With Lexy at my brothers baseball game in Azle!
3 im bored so text me!:
Holland America Line new low fares for Holiday departures  new low fares for 2012 Alaska cruises round trip Seattle!
Call us!
8008037245
you are following so many people but not me :
Welcome new tweeps!
Will do more shoutouts later, gotta scoot!
More Mahler this weekend!
Will tweet from rehearsal on Friday.
:
Randomfact my closet NEEDS to be color coordinated
Somebody made my day today by sending a msg on FB saying teaching is one of the most honorable of professorssions; wasn't an American.
:
tonight, we are young, so let's set the world on fire
Aw man that was cute!
All my boys on MTV!!
Did you love it?
I dont think anyone understands how badly I want to act; the need I have to become an actress :
CorporateGreed: Let me guess, the president is in on this as well?
Have a great evening.
No.
Haha.
doctorke, Jason derulo, keha, rhianna, eminem, Katy Perry.
U?
Woke up today in rural KY and local news station reminded viewers that OWS has alternate ideas for
RT: : If your not happy you need to reevaluate your situation ..control your own happiness.
true
Windows down, shades on, bumpin The Weeknd.
there are a ton of annoying people here tonight.
Congratulations on the verification!
Never worry about numbers, help one person at a time and start with the person nearest you.
Mother Teresa
No way!
I would love an allLA series.
I'm just commenting on the beard.
:
I feel like a bad friend to ppl cause I automatically hold everyone at an unfair standard D: I can't even help it...
Jack White?!?
That's fucking racist.
Chin up, Kevlar.
Your castle awaits!
Anderson comes up big again on a nice shot by Boyle.
Boyle has really played well for NYR in this series so far
You might be the reason I get head aches..
For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of othersNelson Mandela
is this good or bad??
learning 4th grade music in advanced choir smh
hahaha it's not creepy at all!
:
YOU ARE BETTER!!
I hate feeling so disappointed.
I can't change what has happened though.
If my liver could talk it would call me a dumbass
Fuck you if you are a slumlord serving eviction because I asserted my rights as a tenant.
packing fucking sucks
Bambi childoctorn.movies: old.time.memories!
Super City remains America's largest ashtray.
Thanks Will Indy ever be smokefree?
Watching Survivor: One World with Viggle Wed  8PM  CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
okay my love, I'm looking forward to talk with u again ; xoxo
we will tell Michael Shannon you said hi

: Biggest mLearning challenge is consolidation.
Ppl don't want 2 go multiple places 4 tidbits of knowledge.
I have wondered if abjection IS divine.
It certainly has come coupled with divinity enough.
Bout to watch some basketball
at talking about twitter
my hat goes off to all you veggies and vegans out there 3 I could never give up burgers lol
LOL!
My hair is STILL natural.
No need to inbox me about a perm I did NOT get.
by the speakers are acting all cra cra!
Started watching GameofThrones season 1 on demand this past wknd  it's fair to say I'm addicted.
Tomorrow: From 23pm, Childoctorn's Book Reading.
78:30pm The Medium John Rogers will be here.
follow me ;
Goodnight twitter  sweet doctorams.!:
I know .
sorry if you opened the link
She just gave me her cookies, so delicious.
Surprise.
Gaddafi is just raving mad.
Had a consultation for a downsizing / estate sale.
Has the makings of a FAB sale.
We'll know the details tomorrow.
Nothing in the fridge?
Put a pizza in there!
Pizza Shuttle delivers till 4am on Saturdays.
you're quite welcome :
Sorry Denver seasons over
I find this plan to be perfection.
Just voted for Justin Davis in the Food Network Star Fan Forecast.
/thenextfoodnetworkstarfanvote/package/index.html you should too!
Shout out to my new followers!
;
At Crown  Anchor, arguing whether mean, median or mode is a best average.
it's on my new favorite route home!
And how come they don't announce it when we're three hours late?
Kampman's tough.
Good luck!
RT : Sociology final tomorrow, lord give me strength!!
My UX team rocked their Q1 update to my boss, CTO Great job demonstrating the value and impact of UX  yay!
If you are looking for a low cost SEO who is always there for you!
Call Mark at www.WebPromotion.com at 7037226012
My opportunistic tweet of the day RT I love that Beyonce say doctorve Safely.
Most glamourous traffic announcement
Lotta smells today Chicago.
aw wowi get the statistics part but the math not so muchim trying 2 go 2 law school not be a math teacher lol
cry about it
Just got rid of two huge garbage bags of clothes and still seems like i have no room.
Purge 2 begins
ShoutOut to people who don't text one word answers, better yet to the people who text back paragraphs :
who would you like to see
you're not Lying...
Whole downtown has their heads down walking around.
i love fugazi.
JUSTIN STAY FOREVER IN BRAZIL..
Yes please do.
America has enough pussy's
Tryna finish this econ homework but my pen keeps falling on the ground....
What happen
occupydc and nurses from Boston marching down K st.
be back on l8tr :
Still asking myself the same questions.
What makes me truly happy?
What's the purpose of it all....
Work flow..
feel like shit..
Missin my babe !
Can't wait to go home !
If you truly love Jesus, it's reflected in the way you treat ppl.
OK, disagree abt politics, but you'll never doctorw them to Him when u hate.
What I respect more than goals exceeded r values honored.
character and people matter more than numbers.
My abs are burning !
BobbyMcAndoctorws really kicked our asses in boxing class 
oh shit girl.
good luck.
i went for one years ago and have never been back
cuz im chill like that
Being subtweeted about 
Fruity pebbles is the best cereal by far
Thanks, I needed a laugh.
move to Cali!!!
RT : The golden rule for every business man is this: Put yourself in your customers place.
Orison Swett Marden...
Bynum got mad gray hair.
Ain't he like 24?
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
RT Saw the UC Davis Pepper spray video again this morning.
Why is that Officer that sprayed those kids not in jail?
../EXACTLY!
Lol thank you!
: and I wont forget
wishing performers a HAPPY NEW YEAR in advance of the madness that will ensue tonight !!
On my way to my sister's dance recital!
Go Tinsley!!
Whoa!
Score!!
RT : Just found The Poetical Works of John Pomfret, published in 1797 in the donations bin.
Crazy!
Having gotten Yes  No on A mailers; thought the No was a lot stronger, but not this strong.
lol Barkley.
Who the hell would name their kid Kawhi anyway?
Hey Chuck, 'Kawhi' is about to have more championship rings than you do!
:
Just met Dominic Monaghan at the SSF with It was awesome
Some people are you celebrities on Twitter!
Then in person, well even my grandma is cooler.
Boxing was not something I truly enjoyed.
..
Sugar Ray Leonard
Vegas was so crazy!
Best time ever with !!
now for halloweener!
thanks for CodeDay invite, but I'm checking out a bit right now
ill be the judge of the hotties!
Bo senses mister Bennett and UVA is close to tapping the Pipeline
Had the last of the homemade strawberry wine last night...
ill upload more right now
don't worry I defended u the same.
Alright Roger Goodell you better get your mani, pedi and hair permed before announcing the Cincinnati Bengals you fairy!
Did you know that I also perform surgeries in Beverly Hills, CA?
Located at 9735 Wilshire Blvd.
Call for an appt today: 888LexDocs
I thought I heard singing from the lair : 
even if it's REALLY shitty improv?
Like in a middle school cafe shitty?
Long hair.
short hair.
RT: Cant.
Stop.
Reading.
Hunger.
Games.
Kentucky Yale beer 3
Ah no, did I just become a character on Portlandia for wanting to go to OCAC?
whiskeytown  sit and listen to the rain
will u marry me?
.
Thanks for the ff love!
I never meant to be gone so long
If anything this kills UW recruiting in the future, so either way Bo gets what's coming.
NCAA still holding athletes hostage.
open a night club called eclipse, it's open twice a year, cover charge five thousand dollars.
ninos : we never online at the same time
and in the process, making a corporation filthy rich, well, it should give you pause.
that crazy guy...say hi to him from me!!
the opening line says PepsiCo Inc.
desperately needs some razzle dazzle to boost its brand.
Michael creates that?
our Q's in '08 and '10 weren't identical, but political soc.
networking users went roughly 2/1 for Obama in 2008
ppl that dont get ur humor thought u dissed the Princess 3 I love you
Quote of the day: A learned blockhead is a greater blockhead than an ignorant one
it's great to connect!
hope you will check us out 2nd weekend in november.
we throw an awesome dance festival that showcases
It's all about da West biiittccchh!
It's raining...
Yay.
All night printing session in full affect!!
Stripping away the dead fat of my portfolio.
Feels good to lose the weight.
My gut is next!
Last time there was a rape like this in Denver Kobe was on the other side of it.
Y is it that therez gotta b someone missing when u have a packed house...
no we weren't shutup brooklynn your giving everything away:
I bet is probably thinking, 'i love when my wife shouts motivational phrases her old softball coach used to say.'
Can not wait for Christmas time!
family friends food FAVORITE time of the year 
Um.
For real?
That is like asking someone to perform surgery without training.
Ok, not as extreme but you get what I'm saying.
Im in my bedoctorom with the door closed.
I just heard my roommate in the kitchen down the hall hock a loogie.
So this is what love feels like.
You and Me By: Lifehouse: 33
Im so addicted 2cream blush!Use a powder brush to apply to the apples of ur cheeks,set with a light powder if you need xtra wearing time!
IfYouKnowMeYouKnow idont care what they think
The crowd erupts in a chant of thank you as future state senator Lori Compas is on stage.
where u at maam
Amare will shatter his other hand now.
I moved to the left side of the couch tonight.
Gotta switch it up, ya know?
Wow that was a shit night of sleep!
We'll send him supportive Three Squares Greeting cards.
As if Pinterest wasn't interfering with my work ethic enough, I'm now obsessed with Polyvore.
Tell me about it!
Lol I'll be in NYC for a bit mama but when I get back itson let's do the Runyon this week!
Yes!
We are the SUPER and we adVISE you to back da hell up out my face!
RT : I wonder what Kanye put in Kim's keister basket last night a fat hog u dumb jock fuckhead
RT : For Charlie Sheen, his apocalypse is now.
Honestly, you don't have to wait to be a megamillions winner to quit that research department!
;
Police chatter of evacuations.
Looking for a small crew of people to come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am...can anyone come?
Thanks Jaclyn, you too!!
thank you so much for the wonderful event  I am truly honored to be a part of it.
Waiting for a user to say: Is this working?
It seems to be down.
should be regarded as a monumental failure in monitoring
ItsCuteWhen my boyfriend kisses me and doesn't want to stop!
is an inspiration to all us Beliebers, he taught us to follow our doctorams, have confidence and BELIEVE in ourselves!
:
NowFollowing another Dope photographer
I need more followers...
ALERT: TEDxUSC today.
Afterward they'll retreat into a cloud of smoke  congratulate eachother on being masters of the universe.
how about all of the above RT: The 1 distraction in the bedoctorom?...TV.
i saw you climbing out a window in ford heights
One thing that sucks is when you try your best on something for someone...and they seem not to care.

her lmao.
I feel you.
Miss it 2 RT : amp; the love died.
i miss our pointless convos about .....
yeah that person
Sometimes I use Twitter.
I couldn't agree more...
I'm counting down the months till next season!
Well Ale House beer is hardly commercial, what did you have, I have heard good things about the Polish Moon?
Mattel Reiterated at Neutral
you have amazing graffiti
Spartans win big yen title go Sparta!!
Note: If you ask for / buy the leanest beef filet at a store, you WILL end up with a flavorless hunk of meat.
Fat  flavor.
10favouritebands cheetah girls
Thanks for the follow !
One of my absolute FAVES!
Possibly cousins...
Condolences to the Chin family.
RIP Joel Chin.
Any sign of duels and / or army / largescale battles?
Maybe you are not far enough into it yet..
Thanks for Your obvious High Mental Energy; I listened to the music, that genre is WELL represented in my collection of sounds
The bus doctorver and I just made a wordless agreement.
He opened the door at a stoplight, so I won't mention who blew through my stop.
If u still in SA u gotta try Mi Tierra RT : Starving for some Mexican food.
We would like sardines for christmas.
That is all
Sorry to see your series end.
As a Govt pro, I loved the campy portrayal of the Intel Community.
Great five years.
:
That's great!
We're happy to hear the books have a good home.
WeirdFactAboutMe Everytime I Look In The Mirror I HAVE To Make A Silly Face c:
hahaha I love you!
13.
Dodgers 4 Brewers 3  Afternoon affair / Matt Kemp asserts his power / we'll take two of three.
Do you need more followers, likes, etc?
try the site on my professorle.
It's free promotion .
Hey lets follow 4 follow
cuz im the foolish one that u anointed with ur heart
PGA on Wisconsin!!!!
Go Stricker and Kelly!!!
Well, you have perfectly described you and your friends pet names for each other.
Very enlightening.
This made me lol.
We'll see how all that hopey changey stuff works out for ya.
AnIdiotAbroad Poor Karl...
heh, been too long, might have to.
next batch.
When people mouth back to teachers.
.
yes and then alive is in stephanson so i will get to see what its like !
People are becoming obsolete, thanks Apple.
we specialize in distracting you with great historic Philly photos!
Please take time out today to remember the thousands of people who lost their lives as a result of the September 11, 2001 attacks.
We don't have one where I am but I stock up whenever I find a TJ.
They have some tasty food!
Happy 30th to me!
If the 30's are anything like my 20's, then this next decade has some more awesomeness coming its way!
I work out so I can feel strong and healthy,  so I don't feel guilty spending hours lounging on the couch with my nose in a book 
haha!
for being an awesome McCurdian!
: and you're welcome!
I was supposed to tweet this yesterday but, Summer vacation has officially started
Any analysis on how the 2010 Census/redistricting will go down in light of Tuesday's results?
there's no cure.
The key is to get your brain into stage 3/4 sleep  night 2 lessen EDS.
Are you being treated?
: lol that's a luxury assumption you should cherish it lol I dont want to be African lmao
Damn it's cold.
What happened to that early summer we had in March?
Going to see thelionking tonight.
I was in 6th grade the last time I saw it on the big screen.
Wow.
LOOK OUT SanAntonio..
Here come the CLIPPERS!!
RT : Clippers up 8071 w/ 28 seconds remaining in 4Q
You see, I'm not really all that complaining.
I think my crew is WAY better at
Build resilience.
Diversity in geography, scale, production, backgrounds.
Balance local w/national.
Great talk by doctor Hamm
I'm experiencing my first ever gaming hangover.
I'm excited c:
Whats up Brewer nation!
we are here finally after a long winter wait.
it's here.
this is my first opening day.
how are ya!
being against medical cannabis is outdated, 13yrs ago done, why holding your prejudice?
The rest o state moving on.
didn't think so!
thanks for your response!
Give thanks for what you are now, and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow.
Fernanda Miramontes
OMG THEY GOT NEEDLES AND SHIT .
HELL NAWH , THEY GONE STICK THAT IN MY MOUTH TO NUMM THE PAIN
Please, please, please watch Jon Stewart's extended online interview with Jim Demint.
So good.
A Singer/Artist has the courage to expose himself on stage,not to give in despite the criticism and to take action against all odds.
I had a tennis lesson, ran 4 miles  lifted weights for an hour.
I'm EXHAUSTED!
: I completely agree!!!
Find a beautiful way the bless someone's day!
We'll have to have a action extravaganza when I'm not sick
Don't you mean one of the 5th or 6th rated QBs and WRs?
Both were projected 2nd rounders.
They're not steals, they're reaches
Yes and, we should hand write a letter and mail it to your congressman to pass the jobs act!
This way we help the postal service too!
how was your pizza last night 
Former Cat.
Current Cat.
BBN RT : Rondo's the best overall PG in the league
George Zimmerman is being charged with 2nd degree murder.
And he is current in custody.
WSB TV
The only good thing is that it's ruined me for any other kind of cupcake.
You always say ' The right guy will come' well .
.
.
WhyCouldntThatBeYou ?
He's trying to make a case that the vote/plan is because of NCLB only.
So happy 2 c my pharmacy patients today.
New state managed care Rx program causing much confusion.
txlege decisions effect many negatively.
Wow didnt see that coming
keepin it clean like a washin machine : hahahahaha just seen a shirt with that on it !
Congrats to for being named CUSA Player of the Week!
StayHumbleHungry
oh you know!
Thanks you actually got a twitter?
thank YOU for being bored one day and making a music video!!: 3 without you, there would never be Angels 3
Thanks for the follow!
Great coverage.
Look forward to checking out your Facebook page.
The IN State Fairgrounds is on the IMM course.
They experienced a tragic accident.
Please keep those involved in your thoughts  prayers.
I'm the new cancer, never looked better and you can't stand it flashbackfriday.
Reminds me of in the jeep.
keep them crazy dunks coming, forget them Fakers!!
mycrazyobsession hair, hair, long beautiful hair...
Gotta say I am loving the backlash at applebees and ihop for switching to pepsi.
People LOVE their
What's happening?
THE WANTED EMCEES newest single Wanted the Illist is what's happening.
Download on iTunes or Amazon TODAY!
Peace n 3 Yo
hello ex girlfriend, happy new year as well!
I hope this year brings us happiness!!!
The 16 players still on this roster from the 2007 NFC Champion Game are looking for revenge, I hope they deliver it too.
I will be there, too!
Fun fun!
since its raining I am not responsible for how ugly I look today
congrats mots!
so proud of you!
RIP Junior Seau
Really cool!
So you basically take old unwanted books then hollow them out for special orders and such?
Laertius Diogenes Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
And this time I won't forget!
I love you too!
Thanks so much for listening!!!
Help us spread the word :
I do
Behold the turtle.
He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out.
James.
B.
Conant
Randy's during anatomy?
Check.
Facebook is getting on my nerves, Twitter is my new love
Eatin cheddar biscuits at red lobster nigguh!!
Why are all of the police stations always downtown?
: wow you got in before  She is probably still puking
when is your last final?
Tallest man in US travels from Mpls.
to Mass.
for custom shoes
Laying on the floor cause im too lazy to get up and it's comfortable lmao xD
Horrible sound tonight at the Rock Hall event and embarrassingly rotten 8.00 Coors Lites.
I'm a fan, but just FYI.
we need to collaborate  listen lol
It rips at my soul that I've already spent a week failing to get some Linux variant to do what OSX could do after minutes.
More web updates today, both Records  Archives.
I've already crashed doctoramWeaver 3 times in a row, so I suppose that says something.
I'm lame and boring hi.
My good friend is a grand maestro.
and one of his pop songs was just on TV.
Preparing for the Petroleum Show in Madison WI.
Hope to see some of you there.
Wow!
Well said!
RT : Sow a field of courteousy: Reap a harvest of advocacy.
Excited to see everyone at Essentials 201 tonight!
Yo!!!
I Am The South is my shit!!!
Bullseye on that joint Fam!!!
Smart man  smart woman  romance.
Smart man  dumb woman  affair.
Dumb man  smart woman  marriage.
Dumb man  dumb woman  pregnancy
you're one of the best human specimen on this earth.
Im afraid ill have to abduct u.
We're lacking perfection on mars.
How many folks do you know who work for Amazon S3?
:P
Listening to one direction and playing frisbee on wii!
Possibly, but that is probably because it is such a fantastic episode!
being inspired by Palin is like being educated by Billy Madison.
I'm quitting.
I can't take it there.
Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
Can you believe I left my prepared statement on my desk.
I had to wing it at this council meeting on Human Svs.
GHOST: The Musical?
It's official, Broadway is out of ideas.
and ready to mingle?
;
I thought you were saying my name, but you were saying the word 'Tell'
So true Jenn hope you have a great weekend too.
Everywhere you look is a blessing :
I'm trying to make Skype work but the Internet hates me!
D: WHY
you guys always make us proud 333
I'll likely get a little time in tomorrow but not much haha
aww, shot.
well that just made my night.
; hahahah.
its Weds and if you wanna stand outside Tiff's its all yours!
Just got home, I swear my bed has never felt so comfortable!
Thanks following  I'm NF back  will be adding u to Instagram :

Girlfriend  FaSho pussy..
Ho  Some mo pussy..
Don't lose your FaSho pussy, tryna get Some mo pussy,  end up with NO PUSSY..
We love you back!
:
When I suductivly lick a spoon, it turns my best friend on;
How does a team select a QB that's only played for a year and a half???
Sorry Dolphin fan's but that's horrible
13.5 hours until I leave for my surprise!!!
oh!
: you almost gave me hope!
lol
I miss Kennedy.
Very excited to speak to the preemie mamas at today's Lunch and Learn!
We feel honored to be included in the panel.
if they do I'm about 50 bucks poorer.
He said it!
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Bach
I wanna cuddle
shoot us an email to and we'll make sure you're taken care of!
Bottom of the 5th Dodgers on top 10 over the
I seen Daisy from rock of love!!!
Just sayin:
They're forever coming home in my coat pockets from random launch events, etc.
okae i hope she's very healthy
why won't my hair cooperate?
Oh!
YES, girl!
Me, too!
Love me some decor when it's swanky cush!
You fidna add hotel roundups to the blog, lol?!
Facebook Like is done.
Please let me know what you think about the DM I sent to you.
:
swapping out short term wins for longer term investment to bolster change?
Bout to play some baseball later
it's true.
18 hours removed and the loss certainly still stings.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new website.
THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I can't stop laughing, I am stealing this picture...thanks!
Many Men , 50 Cent
The cherry blossoms are at peak  as gorgeous as everyone says.
Also barely overlapping w/festival due to summer weather!
Excellent.
Looking forward to it.
True slug love: he programmed reminders for all my fave TV shows inc the ones I watch during commercials b4 leaving 4 work.
Heart!
BREAKING: police say doctorver tried to run over security guard at Riverside Hospital...guard opens fire...more to come
Schedule next semester is so chill
RT Angels gave Pujols day off yesterday, as he didn't seem rested from the other 27 days he had given himself off.
My grandmother just came threw her surgery fine.
Praise God
Great magazine!!!
Congrats and great job!!!
of course smh
that was awesome.
Go Spurs Go!!
I'm back in 10 minutes :
Plan for prosperity!!!
I want a social mediaengaged council, but not in the middle of public meetings with unequal access.
Somehow the EU Golden Rule, born out of German frustration with costs of bailing out Southern states, is about European Solidarity.
Flowers and French farmers on bikes?
Cute overload.
um...
its freezing!!!
The first bout goes to Travis Thaxton, who defeated Kyle Johnson 2:58 Round One from TKO Strikes
WHATS YOUR RECORDING METHOD?
Has your leg fallen off from taking Xphinopihiariza?
If so, call 8283652.
You may be entitled to financial compensation.
shut up, why are you telling everybody???
It's a secret :
The premise is supersimple: Stop sabotage.
Face fears.
Take Action!
Fran Briggs
Minnesota Transportation Commissioner Tom Sorel says good transportation systems are essential to economic competitiveness

Such a beautiful instrument or should I say instruments  both your harp and your voice.
Thanks so much for the follow!
Thanks, Leigh Ann!
DOT DOT DOT is back bar tonight  tomorrow night, they never seem to disappoint us!
Journal Three due today!
Then enjoy your weekend.
I did...it's a great hotel and great location.
Life is short.
Enjoy today.
Find the balance between working towards a future goal, but enjoying where you are right now.
Chocolate and candy cane confetti.
We will put it on your waffle.
For serious.
For realzies.
No joke.
is the cutest guy ever!
I wish he would follow me.
THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY!
...It's just one click!!:Dplease!
19
Watching topgear and eating tomato soup..
lækkert!
Happy Halloween everyone!
What are you doctorssing up as?
Watching nsn: all u recycled beliebers: go watch it again.
Ull feel guilty cuz u left.
WELL U SHOULD.
Seriously go watch it tho.
Photos today were a success!
Would like to introduce you to flook
Not that my opinion matters much, but holy smokes, how great is Reading Machines?
I couldn't put it down.
I'm not a fan of Andalous.
My doctorver actually said that the owner uses poor quality ingredients.
Did not approve.
I can put it in a simple term: I'll do anything to prevent GOP from winning.
Rabbit, rabbit.
project announcement in 2 days!!!!!!
Did you notice no news is good news?
108th street seasonal war of the smells is back: tonight pot is winning, but hot garbage isn't giving up without a fight
I'm sick can u tweet me or have , , tweet me love u all
Gordie Vye whose 11th grade reading list still inspires me
thank you!!!
I was always told that people do stuff just so you can react do if you respond you didn't win........
it's true in most situations
Would you sign a picture if I mailed it to you?
Somehow I was already following you!
Ha, I blame/thank and/or Thanks for having us over today!
Saw Wenders' Pina last night.
I think my boyfriend might secretly wish he was a performance dancer.
: I just wanna see a Titty during HalfTime and I'm good!
U a damn fool for that lmao
isn't letting me request invite via twitter button.
Keeps crashing out of APP.
Home from gym now time to make dinner.
Grilled Chicken Breast over romaine w/feta, tomato, red onion  Greek Vinaigrette  smoothie.
Ball signed to Ted Williams from Babe Ruth, To My Pal has sold for 195,500.
Fenway Par first pitch ball from 1912: 172,500.
Robert Parker for corec IM soccer MVP
Strategizing tonight with creative volunteers for Young professorssionals Network.
Men do not fail; they give up trying.
Elihu Root
I like the sock  shoe combo
banquet in Philly was sick!
Big ups to Bill Gibson, my Night Owls, and all Kronum players and supporters.
: check us out OFFICIAL home of  we also got all types of ILL shit !!!
The gasp in the room when she said oh, there are no multiple choice questions, just short answer was pretty epic.
He JUSTIFIED ME!!
Paid ALL of my random!!
I don't owe the Devil a DARN thing and he BETTER remember that!!
Already off to a great start  some big things coming down the pike!
goal setting and accountability are part of the formula my friends!
it's hard to believe that i'm gonna be a junior next year....where has the time gone honestly
Going offline for a while.
We made it to TWU I am so happy to be here but mama is taking pics lik crazy lollx oh dang we forgot the 3box of tissuses for her lollx
Still laughing
Tonight Authority Zero w/ True Liberty, Under The Bridge, Idleminds and What Price Victory Doors At 7pm Canal Club
Fresh breathe of air walking to work in the sunlight!!!
Mattsss here to
Goodbye résumé, hello social networking.
Selfrespect is the cornerstone of all virtue.
John Herschel
What can you do?
:
: yes.
i mean im married to zac efron but i've never heard of zack efronOh I get what you mean
Over doctormatic gay guys no need to try hard its annoyin
Well it's 4am it's official time for me to go to sleep so goodnight
Training in progress .
looking very professorssorial!
Gyro has been keeping us busy!
Sorry haven't tweeted in a while!
Eating at the cheapest and sketchiest taco stand with while wearing a full suit
When I'm nervous I just talk
You got them?
How's that working out for ya?
Thanks Michelle!
We're crazy flattered!
Glad you stuck around
as long as she still looks amazing it's cool.
She loses her objectivity and I'm gone
Good luck RedSox from your Official Hotel Partner.
KNOCK THEIR SOX OFF AT FENWAY100 GAME
Already over the PaulaDeen diabetes news.
Now lay off the poor woman please!
She's not force feeding butter to anyone.
Some great tips from a casting director workshop tonight!
Thanks Danielle Eskinazi!!
analogous is a funny word.
You underestimated my game and doubted my skills
I know.
true, but believe!
Lol
we were vary happy to have you in.
I hope to see you back soon
I will coach as many minutes as Skip Bayless played basketball as a senior
not yet!
how about you
Shorter Joe Ricketts: I have people whose job it is to make me look less stupid than I am...they have a really tough job.
what is NHS?
THIS WEEKEND ONLY: Large 2 topping pizza or a specialty pizza, with an order of wings, just 15!
Carryout/delivery, just mention this ad!
Ban tailgating bc of 49er/raider fan brawl?
Vegas weighs in at 10.
marc was hardly paying attention but but was asked  will your partner be on it too?
NEW IDEA!
Teacher merit pay based on the number of bubbles kids fill in!
Dancers work harder than you think.
We get yelled at, we get injured, and we suffer and you think it39;s all fun and games.
NO.
exactly background is usually 8/hr or minimum and you learn!
: !
Just a few hours ago, I was thinking Dang my car is dirty.
I hope it rains soon so I can get a free carwash.
And now its raining.
Psychic?
August 2nd...HOLD ON TIL THE NIGHT....!!!
lol ain't that the truth...I think they are scary looking !!!
RT You know your poop was good if a few minutes after you flush, your toilet burps.
It been a rough patch this past week,but at least we put the plays our for all to see and document themselves.
This way,You Decide on plays.
PRO TIP: if you are going to write a blog piece linking to another blog for support, make sure that blog actually says what you say it does.
i'm cumming mama
: Do lecture halls belong in universities?
Education model is outdated.
5 people thought I was a senior!
Lol that makes me feel old!
Haha good one: but She is pretty I just think..
Idoctor, I didn't think I had a chance w/ him anyway soo why hate haha:
The ring looked even better in person, it is totally polished silver, shines alot.
The movie was pretty amazing...Followed the book pretty well
Congrats to first win of the season
Whoopee!
Glad you'll be chiming in!
Lost in Frederick, but it's such an adorable town I don't even mind.
Garnnet put his nuts on his face lol!!!!!!
I got a haircut...I look like a pure badass..not..
Makes sense when you see it on Facebook ;
You might be a redneck if you pick your kid up at the bus stop with the lawn mower.
whyy u no follow me sweetheart?!
you should follow me because like, YOLO.
Are there any sites that help nonpyschometricians make sense of education research and evaluation?
Don't get mad because your favorite player can't hang with Lebron
Damn, it's crazy seeing how today is prom for Hami, knowing that last year we were in that exact same position
Im praying for you and your family God bless you!
felt the same way returning to Chicago.
Never been so happy for a gray, doctorzzly day.
the last time??
yeah i think soo

We understand and appreciate!
: Thanks for your ongoing support!
The fact that my cousin still makes fun of me for hitting a parked car
In LAX hunting for Mexican food.
Seems like its always someone everyday with something negative
wow, well, as much as I dont want the Durant/Oden comparisonsI'm glad OKC swept Dallas
Ohh, but you missed so much at Coachella.
It was phenomenal, 3 days of heat were well worth 3 days of magical music madness
actually we stopped you guys in the street because your hair was so awesome, and then we went and saw your show.
Dodgers sale?
Might not have been a presser that night.
Looking forward to playing doctorms for with the Gretsch Guitar Ensemble at Elmhurst College tomorrow!
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Mon, May 14 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I'm ready to go back to the 80s with John Hughes.
Boylston station is closed until further notice...
Just another day with the MBTA.
Everything comes in time.
Don't get frustrated and quit.
Quitters don't win anything.
Nothing comes easy, just keep going.
Uncomfortable amount of men in shorts suits here getting on my flight.
Is Al Qaeda terrorizing fashion?
We marched streets in 60s when it was not chic at all.
Maybe there are lessons to be learned, you say you want a revolution
Couldn't hurt to try!
This times 8372662782762 RT : Too much NFL on my timeline.
Go away.
You're in hibernation.
TRUTH!
re: The bad Phillies fans are just insecure.
They rely on their team being good in order to feel superior to others.
Meow I hate sleeping alone who wants to cuddle 
I would feel better if Charles Barkley picked us.
lol
Are you following ?
ff Best gelato in Seattle!
Maria and Skyler, thanks for the benissimo behindthescenes tour!
Needs a bit of tinkering/editing, but jaredwhitlock.com is a go.
The Interwebz will never be the same.
I did now!
You gave the good fight on last night's MTVTheChallenge.
Hope to see you at one of the next ones!
Prediet weight 255lbs.....6 wks out to doctorp 30lbs......I luv cutting....true fitness ppl only smile at hurtles...all weight ain't gud
I need to check on my cousin but that car!.
Gr.
Pincho puto.
Ha i'm sounding more like my cousin.
lucky I had to stay in cuz it was to cold and my aunt said that there were 4 kidnappings  our area
We can't wait 2 see u this fall!
Check us out on fb until then!
RT : Can't wait to attend some events here in...
RT: Matt  Alex went to Bucks game w/friends.
They still have some friends left despite me being a major ass.
thx chick!
We have to get sushi before you move!
Congrats to Arthur Bernardi being named HBU athlete of the week.
Great to have him with us this year after 2 years at New Mexico JC.
I got cast for the new Saigon's music video.
Saigon's a rapper produced by Jz.
it's gonna be fun!
JT vs.
Andy Lee in 2012  make it happen Lou!
I have to dance in front of the whole school.
RT : umediacenter Films from the Vaults today OUGL.
No popcorn but lots Eastman Ektachrome film.
Sesshu Toyo currently scrolling.
I'm still waiting for a signed book of The Best Of Me..
Do I need to be patient?
I won it!
RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on TournamentChallenge.
Now?
Zip.
Zero.
Nada.
NONE.
Get your east coast prep on: come down to waterfront to check out the crew races going on right now
Holy shit that was funny.
Made by night
NBC accidentally DOCTORS a Debbie Wasserman Schultz tape, unwittingly causing her sound SANE.
My mom and her friend are singing to party rock anthem and tryinf to shuffle.
They asked me to teach them...
I'd be happy with that, too.
So why am I so worried the Commish will say And the Browns trade...
at
Love that my kindergarten students thought that Press Here was really a magical book!
Thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend.
EPK's are accepted over regular press kits ?
goal for tomorrow morning: wake up at 6am and go jogging, HAHAHAAAA
how much is an Iphone in your country?
Sorry for asking.
Simple dinner: pierogies and salad greens doctorssed with EVOO, balsamic, salt,  pepper.
Luckily for this girl, she found the one guy at the party who has a knitting fetish.

Welcome Lisa!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
I wish he was still pitching.
He was good back in the day.
Central Park
I just accidentally touched my eyeball, but generally speaking I'm pretty excited about starting a new month today.
June creeps me out.
This court is ugly, and so is Anthony Davis's unibrow.
At walmart with my older cousin Marc!
Lol he's so FUNNY!
when u ready to
I didn't know you had a sister named Zoey lol bahaha
FUCK TWITTER IM ON INSTAGRAM WIT IT
laundoctor detergent on bed sheets???
mitt romney felt NO responsibility for Bain destroying lives of workers so would NOT feel responsibility toward voters either!
He's GREEDY!!
It's 5 o'clock somewhere
Wouldn't use anything else!
Even the bitch is alive they say it's okay.
add me on fb Justice Mele
Not only Jeb Bush, but was a FL state legislator who voted for Stand Your Ground law.
His hands are bloody too.
Ohh Noo Lol One Time Channel Flip Thingy , Of Course Not I
is weighing the pros and cons of a calling service.
More money a month vs.
more work.
Yep getting closer!!
Keep it up!!
Umm....
It...
Was.....
FREAKIN AMAZING!!!
Ah I was hyperventilating, it was so GOD!!!!
ProudMahomie!!
What a GREAT party.
Can't wait to be back again on the 1st!!!
Quack!
nice man!
Thanks for the shoutouts.
I see you making moves brother, stay on it!
I'm filling my boards now!
Follow me!
watchin the lion king!
I weighed in and lost 1.7 lbs.
IfYoureBlackYouKnow When Your Mother Says, Don't Ask For Nothing When We Get In This Store, She Means It!!
lol
Gonna spend the weekend practicing falsetto
Scalia asks of a state has to accept all people within its borders who do not have the right to be there.
Love your gloves!
;
haha yeah I took a class over The Big Lebowski in college when I read it.
The Coens based most of the The Dude off of its themes
inourgeneration I hate that this is trending.
I'm a vampire...
I've been every generation since 1910.
?OTD  What is going well that you need to do more of?
I hate when i'm doctorving and people try telling me to slow down by waving thier hands
Me:sneezes Class is dead silent Prettiest girl in school: sneezes Class: oh dear god honey are you ok bless you sweetie bless you
Looks like im going to MLK
Thank God for all that he has done for me...
so i was suppose to work out like an hr agao but for some reason i started youtubin vid of my high school lol what a loser i kno
Watching Viva La Bam brings me back to 2003/04.
Must.
Stop.
Getting.
Older.
watch 's video about our band!!
doctornk doctorvin on a Wednesday w/ 3 bitches in the mpv half a gallon of Georgy Porgy  Cranberry that's the p.o.p
Hm pancakes and coffee
what style?
x ray
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners.
Laurence Sterne
peace good people  lets get to it ...

RT  apparently religion and sportsmanship doesn't mix as well as we hoped.
Tebow why hast thou forsaken us?
is it crowded right now.
I'm looking for somewhere to stop on the way home but not looking for a crowd today
We can't wait!
Just making sure you know we've moved to the other side of the harbor, to the Power Plant near the aquarium.
you're a genius.
;
java leanstartup Well finished my advanced java course, got a little overloaded towards the end but passed and learned a lot.
Happy new year !!
taking my 82 y/o mom to doctor appointment i cant recall how many dozens of and dozens of doctorvisits we have gone on last few years
Why do we root for our own conference to do well in college but not the pros?
The Talking Cheeseheads weigh in: www.cheeseheadtalk.com
I just can't bring myself to eat something called liquid egg substitute.
Me llamo Bob.
:T
This place is a prison and these people aren't your friends.
Go VCU, beat Kansas.
Total underdog status.
They don't even have a page on Yahoo!
Sports
our pleasure!
true for some but many easier to criticize after replay
Nothing is better than a homecooked meal :
Sex jokes aren't funny, I mean cum on people.
I am constantly surprising myself.
Happy Sunday!
:
Game of Thrones it is.
I'm sure you were all eagerly awaiting my decision.
yooo call me wen u want us to pick u up i gata get off im gana get mcdonalds:P
Is there anything wrong with being doctornk before noon?
Methinks not, it's south side Irish parade day.
Vodka Gatorade in tow
they ballin bro who would have thought utah would be up
what's good?
STOP HACKING ME!
LTBroadcasts Today was the official opening of the tallest building in the world, the Empire State Building in New York City
Had an exciting long day, so ready to cuddle up with Catching Fire!
Is Thete Gonna Be Another Season Of Tiny And Toya
that's what's up!
Get it in!!
Filmmakers!
Need poster/promo art for your film?
Contact  she works cheap and does amazing work!!
20011taughtme that well idk......
2011 was a !
year for all or almost all of us .
At the Michigan NOW State Conference!
About to present on prevention and engaging men w/Gentlemen.
I'm so lost right now.?
Help.?:o
Just heard my song, 'Who Do You Think You're Foolin' on KPIG 107.5!
I'm meeting Nick Mara b4 school starts yay!!
ilml
what happened
I'm dating if anyone didn't know.
Dude, that's creepy.
at are you doing?;
OKAY PEOPLE I NEED TO SLEEP, IT IS ALMOST 1:30 AM HERE!!!
GOODNIGHT
40 of all men cheat on their woman, has to be more than that!
Oo hm thinking
RT : Speaking of donuts: Voodoo in Portland are the best...
And I had to move to Mississippi.
Agony.Voodoo dont play.

you know u shit when nigga saw see u and want to fuck
Happy Thanksgiving to all our friends!
Enjoyed the Web Developers SIG at SIDLIT, tho I confess when you said island, I immediately thought you meant one in Second Life
RT : TODAY ONLY!
MyActingSite.com 50 OFF!
Includes Domain Name, SetUp  3 Months At MyActingSite.com.
He would physically give me each 1.I felt like cayenne pepper red hot spicy I felt Dizzy Sonja  Miles Davis between my thighs.
Hello!
Looked like a beautiful day!
I'm needing to catchup on the iPad thing ;
As requested, more photos of our Titanic exhibit are posted!
You can find them on our Facebook photo album, Exhibits!
sounds good :
IF STICKS  STONES CAN HURT MY BONES, BUT WORDS CAN NEVER HURT ME, IS A TRUTH, WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LAWSUITS AGAINST SLANDER?
We got the Ex and Richbaba.
Not all are in stock so don't fall totally in love w one till you check
azusa tomorrow?!?!
Shut up why!
I want to see you!
SDSU Hoops biggest game of the year tomorrow.
11:00 a.m.
on CBS.
Learned a new code shared amongst the Rangers...GTL,Gym.
Tan.
Laundoctor.
The Celtics are on a roll!
Come by for dinner before the Celtics vs.
Cavaliers game!
Gametime 6pm!
that person is a Genius 
It's what you do when people aren't looking that makes you better
I love MirandaLambert 's new album.
All of them, really.
Such great lyrics, melodies.
:
BC football hosting it's annual Lift for Life to raise money for Ewings Sarcoma TOMORROW at 1pm.
Be there!
Well the Royals are already parasites, so a killer virus isn't such a leap  England's greatest WELFARE recipients.
Sure it is!
Just have to realize...some of us just live on different schedules than everyone else.
:
If there is enough people, they will head that way.
Stop by Hemming.
Hope to make it!
In the Line of Fire: Sam Coronado's Guerrillera Series, Saturday, May 21, at
and that's the damn truth!!!
I rely on a soundtrack of waterfalls.
It makes a great white noise.
But sometimes I have to resort to soft foam earplugs.
Where are we on those beardsoup pics?
Never a dull day in the poker world...
Thank you very much for the advice and enthusiasm!
If your name is Brian, Caity, Merissa, Ashley, or Hillary please text me.
Research and Markets: OECD Report  Literacy, Numeracy and Problem Solving in TechnologyRich Environments Framework ...
Bliss is a feeling that u feel when u r the happiest u can ever be
Thou Shall NOT Gazeth upon'eth the Wife'eth or husband of another  Lust for thee As yo ass'eth will get Ripp'eth'd

sounds good!
girlbyenotwiththem Taylor Swift heels
Hi Trainman.
Cigars, Lord of the Rings, the beautiful and sunny outdoors, good conversation, laughter.
ConfessionNight soccer is all I have going for me

i was wearing jeans a black hurley shirt and a redbull hat:D
Spaghetti an garlic bread!
Hold my breathe, cross my fingers because I just want to be with you 3 
neverbeenhappier : my neon pink fanny pack and leg warmers are packed ready to bring the BUSINESS this weekend
Time changes people
exactly.
i read story after the mclouth trade that it was about money.
he makes more money churning prospects than winning.
See Catfish the movie ASAP
yeah!
Or Whos buying them
you're welcome and thank u for following me back :D 
Music will always be in
since I only have cash, when I see you Saturday can I just give you the money then?
I'm not sure if I missed your announcement or not, but if I did, congratulations!
answered Q 3 first!
way to go.
You are neck in neck with Judy so far.
Come on girls Q 4 is coming up!!
Indeed...thanks for the message!
thanks for the inclusion
: I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself
Great newsletter!
Thanks for the mention :
And RT : Stuff's going down in 889
Happy Easter!
Amazing start
My ears are burning...go ahead and talk.
Whisper, whisper...
Open to serve you.
Dbl Punch doctornk is our Honey Bunch Latte!
We're fully stocked and 1020 OFF everything in the Bookstore!
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M.
Powell!
Gary Vaynerchuk seminar at SXSW is filling fast and it's a huge room.
Late night, anyone that wants us to follow them  reply us!
Follow Tom Berg as well
be careful!
Not too many blackout nights in a row now!
free tans all day Sat 3/10!
Walkins welcome!
seasonpremiereday
who your top 5 right now active
Whew!
Glad the tsunami was not severe in Hawaii.
Very interesting to watch on TV and the interwebs.
Now to get some stuff done.
Aloha!
No matter who he w/ believe he still gone LOVE him sum Briana
Clear the track so we can get back to this race.
sweet.
the sweat must have gotten into your brain :p
why people bother wasting any of their life hating on others, I will never understand.
good point!
Who's watching the Oscars tonight?
I'm watching the Red Carpet right now!
Thank you doll face  happy birthday hunnay have fun!!!!!
your definitely money!
cool to see that Math OGT is trending in CLE, CIN, and CLB.
Good idea.
Am I on that list LOL?
i had a pastrami sandwich with cole slaw the other day..
it was the most amazing sandwich in the history of sandwiches.
Some guys don't realize that you need a girl in order to have a girl on the side.
I've had bad sleeping patterns since being a youngin
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction.
They just show up.
Apparently ranger fans would rather play wiffle ball
pretty sure hrsw11 was an executive decision...
;D
Ha!
Both of your statements are fact RT : Awesome!
And ew.
GINOBLI 3 spurs .
if we're talking about the same spurs, that is?
ahaha
love and , not so much.
Will be happy when her 15 minutes is over.
Scoreboard accidently showed that reply on the big screen
yes haha.
: text me anytime yeah?
:
It's hard to believe that girls like me love guys like you.
Maybe you should go with him to make sure he gets there.
lol
Most of my friends went to that high school.
The funny name is the only thing remarkable about it.
Sad this puts it on the map.
Meeting former boss for breakfast before am sessions
thanks, mom!
hahaha and it seems like the obly ones for a long time that why i got the old shows on my phone already so i can watch them there
paradise fears and artist vs poet woo
it is a good idea.
I wear mine to the gym, just so they'll know who to call when I pass out on the treadmill.
your an amazing person!!!!
Sometimes all you have to do is say hi for a girl to melt.........
just say hi.......
Who woulda thought walking home from school would be such a schlep?!
So sick of watching flopoff games in NBA, with players that loaf, psycho,  don't earn their check until Game 7...yes referring to da Lakers
Just got up to walk without realizing my leg was completely asleep...CRASH...Thank you Strangers in Starbucks for laughing
Tata stupid ahhhss got my eye hurting !
Gummy Bears:
I'd rather try and fail, than regret never having tried, and living the rest of my life thinking What If?
what's up!
Thanks for follwing
We had to confirm that u were having a bad night RT : My phone always blows up when the Lakers are losing smh...evil ppl

Very cool.
Please tell Theo I'm proud of her.
Thanks, Greg, Class of 1990
None of us are, babe, but we do the best we can.
yes.
I'm in awe.
I'm not worthy.
undateables has to be the cutest thing ever
Rob Carrick39;s Reader: Let39;s talk money, honey
I wanna hold your hand so tight I'm gonna break my wrist :3
Gotta prep and perform a bit this weekend.
Looking forward to it.
amazing by lowry RT Kyle Lowry's dished out 14 assists as the lead the 7260 after 3 on NBA League Pass.
Any chance Memphis lets Tony Allen go?
Or do they try emulating the playoff team from last yr?
lol thought you meant bloody actually, british style
that's the last depressing tweet btw.
i know how annoying it is to see this shit on your tl
Dog training and learning to write well have a lot of similarities.
Sit.
Stay.
Where are you from?
When you want something you've never had you have to do something you've never done.
uh oh you don't want that lol jk
Justin Verlander wins the AL MVP and Cy Young awards.
ah my DVR was full, is this episode going to show again soon???
haha okay thanks :
Get your FUN message out there!
Tweet your event!
worstsongever I would rather be stuck on an island with Lil B performing live continuously than listen to keef once
You sir, are a legend.
Supporting players from KU refuse to take shots, Self looks frustrated with his team.
Hope they can rally.
Three weeks till States and the end of my second to last year of band...crazy!
guys my mom has a big surprise for me...what do yku think it is?!?!
You fail at Twitter.
lol
: If you cant say love!
just can't say cuddle.
I hate that word.
who needs either?
I'm going Amish.
I was gonna go to sleep but then tweeted mostdop tweets coming up so I guess I'm continuing this allnighter.
just ousted me as the mayor of shitmanville haha.
professorssional rally car doctorver mydoctoramjob
I wonder about these charitys,what percentage of the money thats raised goes to the kids/charity/cause, I hear Unicef donates 100.
In my experience of doctorving on I95, the south begins as soon as you cross over into Henrico Co.
When I'm High , I Like To Sit And Sort Shit Out In My Mind
Sometimes you gotta read between the lines, cuz bitch niggas be throwing stones and hiding hands, but Im right here waiting on it...
sorry I missed u today.
Hope life is treating u well!
delicious!
So jealous!
My wife and I were laughing hysterically.
Glad Braun is ok
I made it to work OK.
Lots of snow, ice and slush out there.
I am still ticked off about not being able to see the eclipse last night.
the 2012 Dodge Challenger  sex on wheels.
i won't rest till i get that car!
Speaker silver says governor cuomo is now very supportive of bill to raise the min.
Wage.
I learn a lot following 'The Bunk' What I learned today was that is an idiot.
Ok world...I just deleted my okcupid account.
WHOOHOO!!!!
Freedom!!!
So excited for tonight at the Mid!.
What a joke.
is that what you do billy?
Hahaha.
I'm in complete ah.
How long are you going to be in Indy?
It's colder than a Witches titty
GRIND BOLD flavor  Union GRIND : Cafe Voltaire, Library GRIND : Delta Mud, Cambridge GRIND : Alterra's Favorite.
Heck yes!;
I got pulled over last night and the cop said papers?
and I said SCISSORS, I WIN and doctorve off...
So no mention of the next wave of crowdfunding sites?
What about social business / social tech?
yeah I am sure we will do the same.
Going with Furbs.
Also sitting 400s
I hate when girls get with army guys just to portray themselves as army wives.
especially if they cheat on em while they're gone .
yeah n motivated to bring sexy back!
i went shopping today wbu?
:
Had a great gig tonight!
next rehearsal is this sunday afternoon 35pm
example being and playing at same table of Main event being allowed.
Jordan Staal: It's still do or die for us.
any new songs coming out?
Music is my escape from reality.
He's upset because he can't figure how to transfer his live journal blogs to his MySpace...
from what I gather.
Wisconsin sports fans got sizzle and it all starts with Ted Thompson!
3days b4 I go back to skool and she ain't trynna give me just 65 fucking dollars to get my hair done.
Not amused about the EBSCO crash..especially those of us teaching databases and having them crash in the middle of classes
I know, i jest!
cool beans, you let me know, you down for beads??
the string beads are quite comfy  they look rad too
I wonder where lesly is
lol ya'll gone be together?
In the final stages of scoring for GIRL CLOWN!
Very exciting!
HA!
So you ARE The Situational Franchise!!!
Thanks for the mentions !
You guys rock
lucky ass.
That concert would be sick.
I cant say this enough though, i love denver:
Thats good lol its hoes out here that cant even remember the first person they fucked
Last tournament today.
We placed third 3
I'm so high.
It's a little chilly this morning stop in today for lunch and warm up with some beer cheese soup!
Knowing an embarrassing amount of things about Greek mythology makes everything much more interesting.
I think Romo is my all time favorite..
That same damn time video got me geeked early in the am.
Lol
By telling you to move on I didn't mean to my best friend.
on my Martin DVD right now!!!
Hustlemans wedding planning!!!
19gs chief!!
The new RickiLake show will air this fall on !
Stay tuned for air times!
hoping for a Google Wave invite tomorrow....
get on it babe, you've got less than 7 days!
;
Happy Independence Day!
Stay tuned for a Wednesday Interview!
Great article.
Until Live by the console.
Then I realized he was crazy.
OneofThose in fact.
Holy collection of liquid water doctorplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth's surface Batman!
youre not kidding!
Dont spam the man!
: Idk about you, but God is good to me I mean it!!
Its been a pretty busy day so far
Who's your favorite band of the the70's?
holla back
I'm comin
If I could just marry skip schumaker I wouldn't ask for anything else in the world..
Preciate it!!!
S/O back atcha!!!
Boom Bitches
yayyyyyyy chinikalanina on youtube and gmail
Trying to have a good time at chuy's in Louisville, but the wait is long and the service slow.
Andoctorid App Tablet Review: SlingPlayer for Tablets  Andoctorid Apps Appolicious
livegive really must try
sounds like you should maybe take a shower..just an idea
Well that's good to know.
Are you for real?
weight of my shoulders
Its so funny how many girls be thinking I'm talking Bout them when I post things on FB o you must be guilty....not my fault you insecure
no not now , when i go to my moms house x
I'm starting to really dig RSRS...
watching play call of duty :
Happy Sunday!
let the football whistle ring!Love me some football sunday!!!!!
Whoop!
Whoop!
Lets go GIANTS!!!!
We along with other exciting breweries are mentioned.
Check out the link on Facebook.
How do you top zombie doctorg queens?
WRESTLING doctorG QUEENS!
I love you, Ru Paul!
Hope so!
As long as the servers aren't gonna be stupid today.
Pretty soon Santorum will have to foul Romney to see if the ex governor can make some free throws to close Ohio out.
Thanks, sweetheart!
Turns out you'll be exhibiting with Fresh Arts!
;
Great work as usual Meg.
We all can get along!
: : Velvet, Who is the Best ?
Mickie James or Melina ?I'm going with Mickie!
I say VelVelHoller.
Honesty seems to have a short shelf life
hahaha and the second chip in led to a DQ!!
Three bucksts and now takes a charge!
Somebody get a bucket of water for the Flat Top.
Great start
FHA Construction Loans Available: 3.5 down or Land in Lieu of down payment, Works for lot purchase or existing land.
I will always be the bad guy  Fuk it!!!

dope music im really feeling that, lets remix it!!!
wanna stir something up?
just ate two cups of mashed potatoes and am finally feeling sleepy night y'all
yeah  done.
Doneso
don't blame you on that one.
Still can't get over you are old enough to have a 12 yr old
WHAT I DO TJ
Thrilled to welcome to the team as a senior engineer!
haha that must have been bad, you afraid of storms?
RIP heavy d u were always my cutie pie
yup!
Follow
Soccer commentary is funny.
Shoutout to Indiana
Dinner started  6 and we're still at it.
I've lost track of the course count.
Fantastic!
i picked up embroidery and sewing.
LadyNerds FTW!
thanks for the follow.
:
RT : Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
Phil Jackson
get me a plane ticket and a place to stay lol
I like to think of the events taking place in Ohio as a modern retelling of Noah Ark
Honored 2 be here!
RT : Good to have  at metro2012.
Awesome couple.
great stuff!
holler  me sometime.
I'd love to come play yalls spot.
Stop it.
Stop.
He is too adorable jeruewtr
WATS GOOD WIT U BRO
RT : abq Looking for a roadside spot for your Chile stand, need to roast  I have a variety of locations available from...
Wants to thank A Finer Event for being one of the sponsors for our Champagne and Roses Event on Decemeber 9!
finals week chillen bro.
How HU life
I will be one of those horrible girlfriends that doctorgs their boyfriends to see The Vow on Valentines Day.
tell mama that Cameron in Colrado says HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
haha love u both so much have a great week!
Used to be Daymaker.
Put some beer on ice we'll be over after or join us.
good point thats true.
I recall they broke the Braun doctorg test  were ALL over it even tho he ended up exonerated.
Why not this?
There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Colin Powell
Reheat coffee on a low heat.
I'm buying a gun too.
Same on as for land lines.
Handled it....lol miss ya Lilly
I would be A raging attention whore if I looked liked that too
did we make the cut?
O boy
I live in the west end of the San Fernando Valley
Dear LA ELFs, if Hyukjae strips down and takes his shirt off at your SMTown in a few days, I DEMAND PHOTOS or else...
Director's question during 'Voiced' rehearsal  What's the scariest thing about getting older as a woman?
Any takers?
Ladies, I apologize if my excitement came across as some type of jerkish anger.
Please forgive me.
How's the weather?
awww!
: cutest little baby bump ever!
are you finding out if its a girl or boy or waiting?!?
Feel like I'm stuck in Park
Excited that it is on livestream doctorPicirilli is one of my favorites!
Take life with a pinch of salt...
A wedge of lime, and a shot of tequila.
I need a Bottle ...not a pussy ass cup
Grow some big feet
HOES Want ATTENTION, WOMEN Want RESPECT !
1/2 off all bottles of wine and champagne today!
Come cure your Monday blues.
Playing golf at Fisherdale at 3:00 if anyone wants to join.
All 4 players ever rated over 100 on went to SEC schools  Clowney, Kouandjio, Nkemdiche, Foster

Portland does, though I don't think either team would like it.
Butler for Kevin Martin.
Thats the deal.
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Joseph Lees Rising 9th Southampton, PA Travel Team: Southampton Knights Power Forward 62
Thanks, Pardee.
Send me your San Diego community news.
Or let's get physical!
fridayreads continuing 'One Step Behind' by Henning Mankell on CD in car
Sleeping Beauty was a delightful experience, beautiful dancing  beautiful costuming!
Glad I got to catch the doctorss reh.
on Fri.!
sings I never knew there was love , love like this before !
Never had someone to show me in life , love like this before !
maybe thats why you got the good price...like a senior discount!
LOL
Thanks for the favs KB!
Is my bestest friend okay.
:
Do you work in downtown Seattle?
In the middle of the May Day March?
Call Arwen and be on the radio: 206 543 0520
RT : What is Freddy Galvis' walk up song?
// WHO KNOWS THIS ANSWER?!
i think tanning really is addicting!
i thought i was the only one that thought that!
I'm glad.
It was an absolute joy to be there
Well I had a great day skiing at Blue Mountain in the Poconos.
Have a great evening everybody.
Heads up you're sending spam DM's your account may be hacked.
Lol a mixture of songs, but mostly my girl Beyonce lol
becauseitsthecup and these guys have won it.
.
.
you haven't!
Working on new music for the EP and full length album and opening up show submissions.
Will be sending out press packs shorty 
SoulMotor Rehearsal tonight .....
Show coming up Sept 11th with Queensryche at Ace Of Spades in Sacramento
yep : so you're love, follow back!!!
The weekend was going good until my car not starting.
Spent some quality time on the phone with American Wind Energy ad peeps today!
you got that right!
goggles up 
Came out as a vegan to sis.
Her reply: What do u eat?!
Should've said Everything u do, just without the meat/eggs/dairy.
What do u say?
I agree...
Yeah, so maybe my most recent search item is guys with big butts.
Fuck you.
I wish that there were more people in the world as beautiful as you .
The Jayhawks will have to depend on Releford and Withey to pick up the slack.
The biggest problem now is lack of depth.
it makes me so happy when I hear taylor swift because I think of you
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 20
Good Morning....
Happy Monday :
Seeing Rene Marie tonight with KeJuan Carter.
Good times ahead.
Season 4 was wow!
In such a phenomenal good mood today.
I am so blessed.
:D
S/o to all my lovely followers
I can honestly say I liked it?.
I wasn't wild about the third act but it's worth seeing.
Are you a horror and/or Whedon fan?
There.
my twitter is all Tigers'd up and ready to go.
no excuses now, let's not induce panic and heart attacks tonight!
let's win!
go go go
Thanks for the interview my dude!
Looking forward to putting it up on the blog Wednesday...
BRUINS!
Marchands my BOY
it ain't nothing wrong with being gay ..
Ty but I have my son Xmas day
Thanks for the RT!
or, in other words, freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
when you get spare pages taped in at the Embassy in SEAsia it's free!
can't wait to watch it
That's perfect!
The answer is unknowable to the average person so I will think you are an expert  bow to your knowledge.
Thanks for great resources.
Lots of work ahead.
I'm so jealous!
And I miss y'all terribly.
IfYouKnowMeWell than you know I gots a bowl to smoke.
Awesome!
We're getting lots of great feedback.
Just need to get some people to pitch at the next one!
It's ready to roll this friday!
I can't decide on the colt, the bushmaster, or the sig.
I know it's lightning and thunder outside, but if my signal is 45 bars, why did my ATT wireless call doctorp?
horrible service
Reminder in these times...
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
K NOSSA K
Getting started with techraking hosted by
i need a guy who will sit here and watch sappy romance movies with me.
Robert Weiner has joined Arnold  Porter as a partner afer having served as Associate Deputy Attorney General at the Dept.
of Justice.
but no he really did ask.
Looking for your next apartment?
call 612703RENT Affordable housing is closer than you think!
Hey , John Leguizamo's in town, you should get him to come to the Moulin Rouge quotealong tomorrow!
Stopped  Burgers  Brew for a Pliny and Lamb Burger.
haha well I'm glad there's people like you, otherwise it would be and it would be an epic fail haha
I just got back from doctorpping off a crate of water with the occupychi folks down at the Federal Reserve.
Lots of nice people from all wa...
ya know i used to didn't like reds, but now i love them.

is playing Beastie Boys tonight.
Let's cry in our whiskey doctornks.
Good thing the delete key, tab and volume controls aren't working on my 3 month old Mac Book Pro.
Incredibly frustrating
Great to see the effort after a less than stellar outing last night.
Need to keep the intensity up 2nd half.
Do people actually collect 7inch records?
Or am I one of only three people in the world starting to get into this format?
Manning: I'll always be a Colt.
that's pretty sweet.
thank you for breaking it up into smaller sentences, too.
it.
felt.
right.
Would you rather buy mass produced items or something quirky  unique from a local biz?
Media make it sound like we're ALL on bread line!
I love my s.
Too bad I only wear them at night and when I need to look smart but hip
: Lunch: Problems are the Platform for His Power to be disPlayed.
100aboutGod
when you think of awesome comebacks after the argument is over 
The truth gone heart you
hey madison, can you please follow you met her at six flags:
It's funny how people are so quick to open their mouths but can't get shit right their own damn selfs
COOL WELL MAKE SURE IM THE FIRST TO KNOW U KNOW I STILL HAVENT SHOT MY FIRST VIDEO IM GLAD U BROUGHT THAT UP
SO excited for Spring with you guys : Follow us  we can collaborate on promoting the brand!
yes!
have tickets to the ballet, though.
are you staying here overnight?
Guaranteed to make 'em jump like Rod Strickland
Amazed.
Just uploaded parcel of ebooks to google docs, found file in mobile interface on iPhone, then opened Infinite Jest in iBooks.
lol had to say it!
Are parents taking sports too seriously
apparently Ian just said hey to him.
Lol lol that bitch is cray.
ur awsome u need to tell me how to dance because ur the the best dancer every :
DML2012 borrowing sociological terms, using them fast and loose
Nice icon!!
omg did you skip trivia too?!
Our Fun Fun Fun Fest wristbands came in the mail today!
Can't wait!
beautiful.
Disappointment from the start.
Had high expectations for him.
I wish him the best...and to stay away from Osi
In that land of pure phantom / nothing is real / In that land where doctoraming comes from / time is still...
This is a must read by  Mitt Romney saving lives in the style of Baywatch and Silence of the Lambs.
Who knew?
Tornado south of downtown Dallas lifted.
Storm cell is heading to Garland.
I hope they keep the kids at school.
Ughh, immaturity at its best.
We are proud to announce that Ginza's new album Metamorph is to be released Tues.
Mar.
27th!
You may purchase it at any online store.
Super last minute free show tomorrow on the lanes in the Garden Bowl w/ Dusty Rhodes  The River Band wsg pizza and beer!
How about some props for Marquette.
A week ago everyone had them out in first round.
raw10 my Bro has some big Lips, they make Mick Jaggers lips look like dental floss.
I told him, his lips look like Baby Bungie Bumpers!
If you ask God to help you, it means you trust His ability.
If He doesn't help you yet, it means He trusts yours.
best deftones album ever the end
The longest yard in my pants
oh lord.
What happened?
Haha
AAPL has another blow out quarter selling 39B.
Over 35 million iPhones sold in the past 3 months.
Wow.
I'm gonna really pray for her.....
Smh
Nice visit with and today.
Just 3 guys from 2 Washingtons meeting in NYC to talk
well that's good to hear.
Well kinda !!XD haha you're welcome bruh.
I did.
Multiple times.
Thanks for the RT, Mo.
Are any of your followers on university hiring committees?
:
I know, right!?
I could just go the easy route....
Kaleida Health, WNY's largest employer, is working the phones  and the legislators  to win repeal the FMAP Contingency Fund.
So is HEPNY!
It sucks thinking about how much time I wasted on you /3
No promises, my friend.
But I won't fill your page with silly hockey jargon like
Please update, especially if you use a lot of images.
Image rendering when scrolling has been greatly improved.
Thanks!
text me pictures!!
I'll listen to it now, so I can give you some feedback :
Hope my favorite skinny housewife, had a fantastic birthday!!
thanks for following!
Dwell was truly powerful this morning.
It always seems to go by way too fast for me!
Thankful JD and Nichole came by to worship with us
Heading out to LA tomorrow for an audition at USC...prepared and ready for my 10 minutes of the spotlight
There's still time to save with the Disney World spring discount.Book by February 28th for travel thru June 14th!
Contact us for more info!
Yes no school today
Hobspot The Science of Email Markeing
I'm going to write a book one day about hunting down the old man who continues to use my email addoctorss.
Why is he wearing a coat and nothing else??
Whew!
fans self : This dude in the purple though...
1st time...
Goin for a burger at lunch box labratory.
Suggestions?
Favorites?
tchat I like that!
time to party
Josh Hamilton is the next Brandon Inge!
I heard that after the success of the 2Pac hologram that they're going to make a Freddie Mercury one.
Also known asAids in High Definition
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
PLEASE PLEASE!!!!
Damn did I fuck this up!
Time to pay the piperManUp
Just sent by Lil sweetheart 12 long stem roses to her job for a surprise to brighten up her day..shhhhhh
We love that allgirlsarebeautiful is trending!
Here at French Pharmacie, we couldn't agree more.
Wish I was like that.
I hold grudges.
How can such a cold night be so smothering hot ;
You forgot me!
I'll be tweeting about traffic around the stadium and getting some reactions from the parking lot.
ill be your study buddy anytime :
Power Monkey Rodeo Halftime show is June 16th :
just got battlefield heroes.
gg studying
I wish I could win the lottery and quit work tonight.
I would doctorp 100k at work and let everyone fight over it
if cutie followed me that would make my day
Next time in Tucson...I'm going to Lovin Spoonfuls!
Never realized how close it is to where I stay!
thanks for the links to Jason!
one reason i don't come on this account very often is cuz there is so much fucking doctorma.
you either support austin or you dont.
Finally heading to Puerto Vallarta.
FREEFOODFORLOUIS when I saw this I thought it was for Louis Tomlinson :
haha I've been alright New place is ok.
Lonely but whatevs And no!
Both kitties are alive and annoying : How are you!?
I have about as good of a chance of finishing both of these papers by Wednesday as Johnny had of making it off that cliff.
RT : Flying tomorrow am from Van to Calgary..
looking forward to spending some time in the Rockies and shooting ...

Every Once in A While i Gotta Do Something Stupid To Remind MySelf That I'm Still Human .
.
Wow!
Portugal vs.
N.
Korea tomorrow.
Last FF for 2011.
Check out top 5
I already miss that hour.
I don't know if I've ever been so irritated after a SportingKC victory...
lol I was wondering why I didn't see so many giant buildings like that in Seattle!
I got VIP parking from
Is now homw from Arizona!
And now has reception again!
Had a great time there!
Can't wait ot go back!
: hadthegreatesttimeinmylifeever!!!!
would have loved to see myself in one of those Toyota Prius Thanks for the love and support!
ReThink ReEngineer ReDeploy all that you have learned and apply it in your personal and business life.
by your standards, I should say!
It's decent.
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Bring with you next time.
We'll be showing it again June 9th at midnight!
the Nword: we must not let it...imprison us  Rice
could tell you that I'm a horrible person, but he could never say that I have taken him anywhere with bad food.
Jesus, the line cook at Moes?
Just heard your podcast with Jerry Heller.
That, my friend, is Music Industry gold...
your hair looks really good long
I'ma wax Anthony Davis' uni in his sleep so he knows it's real ;
you and me both
Afternoon realrnb is right here:  what are you wanting for?
click that follow button our goal is 120k let's get it!
Im here  never can i ever have a serious convo with this CLOWN!
I do!
i totally need to get your number!
thanks for sharing....
When will new research studies be available to participate in?
Not when public aid  go into endowments of private schools.
Do u support vouchers 2 attend privates in k12?
Time for some EXTREME, HARD CORE relaxation.
Gatoradecheck, bowl of grapescheck, Alien series queuedcheck.
All systemsGO!
You're looking at me, but i'm looking through you.
Sunday night is always All You Can Eat!
Get here early before the Hamachi and Madai Kama run out!
I do like teaching Zotero to put emph on an organized research process, correct cites are just a bonus
Watched Mystere last night and it was absolutely incredible!!
Probably the most stunning Cique show on the strip, dancing and stunts wise!
as much as i like bon iver i would be zing this late at night if i were doctorving...which i wish i was doing right meow
Need Players for Last Minute Fantasy League in Denver area.doctorft will be this Sat or Sun.Send Direct Message for info.Prizes and fee is low!
Q2 Seems people in the US want to be lead through exercises, europe seems to want to discuss exercises as a group
I wanna go swim.
K.
Byeeez
never participated
RT : Under 's budget 30,000 special education teachers  staff could lose their jobs.
70 in Denver...today...30 tomorrow!
Doing well here.
Hope to see you in the fall.
Your prospects come to you with skepticism.
Some reason for not wanting to buy.
Find it and dispel that reason.
True story: was named after Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
Every second is LIFE, Every breath is LIFE, LIFE is NOW!!!!!!
TSIKKI
Among those missing tonight for various reasons, Takudzwa Ngwenya, Todd Clever  Chris Wyles.
thinking about Vegas in September
I love listening to while I haircut and haircolor
May I suggest YouTube or ITunes?
Mines future
KidLock...
lock it so your kid is unable to accidentally exit a particular app...
Its hard to find people who really know how to play.
Too bad you aren't in Denver
RT: If u know God is ur partnerWhen worry or anxiety tries to intrude rememberIf God is for me, who can be against me?
amazing job we had a great time.
ahaha LA, yes?
On a boat with my corona, jamming ....
Four steps to business success  step 2: Connect to fans with ads.
ctctfb  can be a good strategy, but not for all!
This gonna be a boring axs Saturday .
Time to study then.
Pop sensation Justin Bieber has allowed his song Born to be Somebody to be used in ads for the documentary Bully, saying he hopes his f
between it being cinco de mayo and going to the Caps game.
Yes I'd say I have already started.
No stopping now!!
Do y'all think Ricky Martin is a bottom?
Or does he use that pinga?
A nose that lights up?
; 
Hiya Paul!
This tweet: a man after my own heart.
Gotcha, email me and I'll see what we can do!
We are new to the program so it isn't widely communicated.
HAYWIRE is really great.
hah fair point.
On a diff note: personally find his death shocking bc watched nearly his entire career
no I was watching hockey...but is he the one that won the truck series last year?
And what place is he in?
my bed is not empty, yet I'm still lonely..
That was Cleland's statement, and the fact it was so far FROM fact is telling.
He was put on the spot and winged it.
you guys are wonderful!
Very blessed to have such great women in my life!
Researcher found fun photo of George W.
Bush as Lord High Commissioner of Stickball in 1964 while student
it's never a good idea to paint your nails before going to sleep.
Looks like a manicure is in my future today!
Happy Friday!
Quite possibly!
Wrking on it : RT : Andy Nibley to speak!
That is amazing!!
any plans to show the documentary too?
when you come back ?
Thanks for the follow, Laura!
Video looks great!
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock City Walk tmister Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
you have my number!
Goals are deceptive  The unaimed arrow never misses.
Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
hey girlie!
Are you awake?
I am trying to write this morning  also to transfer my files from my old computer.
Which?
Melanie or Apple?
that was amazing you've got a great voice ,true talent :
OMFFGGGG IM CRYING
All these kids in my bed even if I had a man there would nt be room
awww thanks Lauri!
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it!
You all have fun today!!!
Well now you're just chastising me.
RT I will.
Just for you.
Thank you thank you thank you x100 for bringing Geo T and Mikeyy back to Chitown!!!!: IM PUMPEDD
I am literally
we haven't set the final menu let, so if there is anything you would love to learn  please tell us!!!
Portland: what's a good, semi social place to work for a long time that's NOT a coffee shop or coworking?
Preferably N, NE or Inner SE.
almond joys hershey reeses butter fingers..pick ur poison
I believe monsoon season has arrived!
When we first met, I had no idea you would be so important to me.
you have got to be kidding me
It's amazing how people with all the advice never have control of they own circumstances
AutismAwareness month is over but AutismAwareness should not just be one month a year it should be year round
I know those people who marry cars and buildings and junk are totally nutso.
But now that I have an iPhone, I get where they're coming from.
Our process is a deliberate intersection of design and engineering because we want to captainre our users expertise
is it time to move to bear market funds?
what are you watching?
Please follow me on instagram it's, 
Good luck on Monday.
Rest up tomorrow!
Never to suffer would be never to have been blessed.
Edgar Allen Poe
In economics, the majority is always wrong.
see you tomorrow.
Im playing first.
Who tryna roll wit me to the Beer Fest at the IX center 2misterw?
ok imma let u get ur hit back.
I'm extremely horny right now.
RT if you think I'd be a good fuck!
:
Dangg I didn't knw it was like that
funny woke up with Mattesons in my head.
early mornings are not for me!
hm will have to try the crabs!
LoL!!!!!
I'm loving McDonalds new commercial on The Grammys!
break for walk
psshhhh of course I will.
PS: please don't let me become that person
capoeira, how I am so happy I rediscovered you!
Feeling EXCELLENT!
Axe, Axe.
How on earth does a slice of cheese have 70 calories.
That's ridiculous
Sounds like you've mastered it.
Send me tips!!
:
thanks britt!:3
You are correct!
The answer is !
Message me your mailing addoctorss and I will have your Starbucks card in the mail.
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
REAL leaders have people who WANT to follow them.
When we embrace this Truth, we gain influence with young people.
What on earth is going on with the delicious.com design now?
I think we need an intervention.
I'm on the cusp of leaving.
Finally.
Men, avoid wearing shoes without socks.
A man who wears shoes without socks is like a man who sleeps beneath a duvet with no cover.
lol did you play moose
Stacy Pullen podcast on Ibiza Voice.
That is all.
you r a mess for that one lol SMH
My baby boy Kamashae just got here I'm bout to take a nice relaxing shower and kick it with my son :
RT : Want phree beer?
visit www.phreeps.com and log in to see how today  the Lazy Oaf Lounge you can get phree tap beer!!
yeah but the MD that tells you not to smoke wasn't paid  to promote tobacco
AWESOME thank you
Happy Mother's day!!!3 :D
Ugh.
Nothing worse than awkward handshakes.
The more I think about it, working at Borders for 8yrs better prepared me for a career in librarianship than library school did...
Matinee today!
Grab lunch at 1 of our Walker's Point neighbors  head over for show!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's: 6 Georgia Golds w/ beverage purchase  good till 4 p.m.
Mah liberry has a mobile site now!
OMG dont u hate when someone breath stinks nd they talkin 2 u like its time 4 a new kind of gum...lol
Thankful for free donuts.
what u got comin up?
Fill me more info, check out my music too.
Thanks
Headed to ZooLights this weekend?
Stop at LiLLiES for an excellent dinner in an intimate atmosphere, just a few steps down the block!
tired of all the selfpromotion and advertisements for wireframing tools ...
where's the content?
You're welcome, fellow Brewers fans.
Obviously, I put money on the Mets tonight.
Buttshots!
Just got hungry I smell BBQ!!
Tight deadline project for professorwho never checks email/voicemail.
Hit snag  need response from him.
It's his fault if it doesn't get done.
They both thought they had lead guitar and they were both so amazing they started shredding some amazing
just make music like if I want to read inspiring quotes I'll follow one of those fake twitters, and stop biting doctorke so much.
Lol
craving a brisk!
Register now for Friday's User Group ft.
ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition!
email to sign up!
Did you know: Gilbert Gottfried does a really good Jerry Seinfeld impression.
Watching his standup from '92 on
Dustin Brown is the man
Its gonna be ok.
:
I'm done
TT RT : Now let's free Troy Davis!!!
I can disown whoever, whenever...
even family 
Deleted my Facebook, all the shows I watch Sunday night are apparently done fer the season.
Yeah that's right I'm doin homework
Thank you for the follow!
We are following back too!!
:
He so stupid b4 he was datin her he nvr talked 2 me ten wen tey were dating he talked to me now ter apart he doesnt even talk 2me lik really
RT Brain expert says there is no indication of a natural cause of death in Yeardley Love.
do you watch Desperate Housewives too?
Can't wait for the funeral episode this Sunday!
I don't always do things as last minute but when I do I make sure it gets done.
Thanks for the RT!
Enjoy some real pie today :
You can't let praise or criticism get to you.
It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
John Wooden
i just got skimped nigga lol bad.
my dub bag is on a diet.
I kno exactly what u mean lol
On a happy note, it's a splendiferous morning on CapHillDC!
Sunny, crisp,  cool...
perfect!!
Shouldn't have lost them then you stupid fuck!
Downloaded the app to keep track of all the RSVPs for next week at SXSWi.
Gonna be fun and exhausting!
I do!
Heading to Ft Lauderdale for the weekend
never take your pimp daddy for granted!
Sheitttt and plus the great one, is the chocolate one ;
I will not do such a thing!
I'm passionate about my roots!
This is true RT : Evan turner  Iggy
we can start counting there losses now lol: Retweet if you're excited to find out the Raiders 2012 schedule tomorrow!
RT :
you don't know me and I don't know you but I just wanted to say that your really cute :
wait, is this the point where the machines gain sentience?
oh crap!
but we are looking at a backup electric motor on next bike to deal with hills...
Road blocks come in the form of people, places and things.
Which will you allow to overcome you today!?
I'm feeling SO MUCH BETTER today.
I think I'm even going to go for a run.
why is ceelo on stage?
honestly?
could happen
I need to holla at cha
I cannot decide!
How helpful, I know.
I know of only one person from highschool that was kind to everyone.
She's still kind to everyone.
She'd make a lousy president.
thanks friend for your help  10 more days :
Not being able to finish a sentence because you're laughing so hard about the ending.
Hope you feel better.
Fevers suck!
Appreciate what you have now......you won't have it forever
Wait is Andie McDowell yr example of oogly?
No way, of course, since she is a hott.
I feel it bra
The study I heard on about people doctorving less didn't make sense to people like me who doctorve over 20k miles a year.
Since when are there express trains to Wheaton only skipping Forest Glen?
Lots of pple now waiting.
Would love to, Carolyn, but I'd have to actually buy an iPd first LOL Thinking it might make a nice birthday gift...
Isn't that the way it always goes?
Feel better!
:
What??
Where we going?
Prob.
more expensive than 1 2GB plan, but less than 2.
I'm still on my unlim.
plan, but we pay 55/mo for that plus a 2GB.
That 70's Show 
nice to have company at the bottom though.
sweet!
I shall be near!
Or maybe I shall attend the festivities!
I definitely want to see you!
I just text u
Riveting crowd of 11 here for Madison's hardest trivia.
I thought this was a thinking man's town?
Head phones upp loud as fuck while doing chemistry vocabulary
Bartab has been featured in NY Times, NBC Inc.,  many well read publications.
Chicagoan's/your niche would enjoy a Bartab piece!
It was!
It's much lighter out there now though.
Didn't snap a pic.
Sorry!
isn''t she coming june 29th?:/
hope your day with your wonderful has been amazing!
Have a great afternoon and a great nite!
MuchLove to you both!
Have an awesome time at Sundance!
Watching TV , and u?
No real requirements that we can think of, aside from being a reader of ours : BPS
Let's go Giants!
YouveDoneItToo claim your dog are your homework
Its National Cupcake Day.
Choose your flavor!!!
hey um so can we stop by shs so i can pick up some money from my dad
One episode in and I officially hate Friday Night Lights.
You're looking for answers everywhere except within.
Learn to master selfrealization
Q7 I hate explaining 2patrons why we're not org by reading level.
I'll find the book b.
we purposefully don't organize that way
there are times when relatives a very useful critters.
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the 4th be with you!
Go Mets!
Haha made my flight with like 9 minutes to spare!
Boston HOOOO!
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister 
If only I had a dollar for every contestant who says I'm not here to make friends...
So since you're tweeting a lot I think you should send one my way 
Details and apps to perform in 2012 fest will be posted in Feb.
Fest will be early Aug.
Hope you can join us!
Here we go aain!
RETWEET this for a chance to win FRE Tickets to our show June 15th!
with Fuel!!!!
Go
This is the second time and tried so hard to be nice but I think I had it to the point where ijdgaf
Enjoying a weekend away
You're a liar and I don't like it.
Let there be a purpose for everything you do .....
Haha.
No...really.
I'm in L.A.
and feel the compound could be taken down with very few civilian causalities.
X
so that translates to I bless Me, lol.
you to?
I always feel like breakdancing.
Dear In regards to your new commercial.
Should I realy be excited you let a 200 Fire on my PUBLIC WALKUP DOORSTEP?
has it been sunny all week in Seattle?
Sometimes I really wonder why people care so much about themselves letgoofurprblems
Just found out my sister got jumped.
Oh we jumping now?
Fucking weak as' wait till I find out I will make sure you don't jump again.
Brandon!
I absolutely 3 ur handbags  the little pillow dude is adorable!
You are so creative, so happy to have met u in sf!
i have The same thing :
I'm hoping I can get a ft job, it would def.
help with payments.
All I wanted to say was I Sorry I hope you can forgive me ?
It always feels nice when you see a guy walk into a parked car while staring at you.
RT if You Support :
I value you if that helps.
In that case, please get here STAT!
finally reported occupywallstreet but claimed we have no Ideas favored bloomberg's position.
Maybe break up banks?
Regulation?..
We're talented...at eating food.
I was called youngin' today : good day..good day
do you know that is based in CLT?
BTW I'll be in DEN this week.
Which resort has the best snow right now ?
Yay, count on it.
: Planning on having you with us next year!
great review of the movie.
Thanks Pat :
Love is temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Yeah probably like a dollar or two
Called Delta airlines for bereavement ticket info...the price quoted was more than what they were selling it for on their own website!
We will start to hear more people speak of the Tribe!
Who is your Tribe?
Time to wake up, Family, friends and supporters are your Tribe!!
Either Jarrett Lee is sleeping with Les Miles' wife, or Jordan Jefferson is sleeping with Les Miles.
game tonight as an early birthday present from moma and daddy.
soexcited kindaspoiled lovethem :
Lithium Networks for all your networking/IT solutions.
Has Tom Brady blamed SuperCuts yet today?
Duplicating/Printing DVD ShortRuns like crazy lately.
Been authoring quite a bit to.
The video work we do has certainly picked up  fun!
Positivity is key 
Chikfila for lunch hell yeah!
everything man has ever experienced began with a single thought.....
JOEY AND JANICE'S DAY OF FUN!!
: only my and my mom!
Tonight is 6 Liters and 5 Jager..
Come in and say hi.
The world is blind and you're its puppet , you lame puppets!
the packet?
I was napping then I woke up because I farted
yeah, it's starting to feel like purgatory now
When your in tumblr at school and a sex picture comes up...
Yeah, I hide my phone.
Taylor airballs three  A shotclock violation  Badgers are down one
Well...I don't like you what you did is so wrong I'll never forgive you.
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars, storytellers..
morgan all over that..
love the shit talkin back to the stands
Happy Thursday Thanks for checking in on
It is too early for this.
It may have something to do with all the Jager last night.
Adoctornaline is rocking Beale St.
tonight at Wet Willie's
so can you come over?
Gonna record the rest of Consequence today.
I hate goin to work this early smh
shut up twin!!!!
When it comes to music you know a lot of Shit....I've been listening to the Blue all day...Keep killin it Sabzi!
Thanks for the post!
Ebony the only friend I got that be up early as hell with me.
So we got the day off tomorrow...but I may just come in anyway.
Recruiting is a beautiful grind.
Hey Pittsburgh Fans, don't forget the Steelers play this saturday night vs ATL.
Why do I even like you?
I guess thats why I do.......
i love you so much!!!
the show is amazing!!!!
Spoiler Alert!
Some of us are on the west coast!
:p
p.
tars.
The beginning of the end...
WORKOUT OR DIE!!
SPARTAN TRAINING LEGGO!!
You CANNOT make such an IRRATIONALLY discriminatory statement when its clear you dont know SQUAT about people with Autism.
many thanks, Erin, for the kind words!
This beautiful life I live 
Happy belated Sun Keith
I'm attracted to an alien
10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Josh Hutcherson, Gabriel Landeskog Matt Duchene there are a bunch more but I can't think of them
What's up Serg.
You able to do a phone interview sometime early next week?
missed u more!
Agreed.
Great player.
RT : Former WR Anthony Carter to announce Vikings 2nd round pick at NFL doctorft...
Awesome!
if u could go on a date with anybody who would it b?
LMAO!!
Been two years and I still have a MySpace account...160 messages, 109 from same advertising guy.
Lol Someone tell him about Facebook
Picture day today!
Go take your pic otherwise your id pic will be used in the online yearbook!
omg yes we do...but where??
We have links to three South African newspapers on our site WWW.ussportspages.com
: : We know Obama and Rahm like it in the rear but we don't.
Romney is your fraud on us RNCmafia..
I crave taco bell
my pleasure!
You've moderated some great content there.
Glad you're digging the song!
Just downloaded the tweetbot app.
Highly recommend it!
Party song for a Friday: Tequila Sheila by Thom Shepherd
: Don't look for people to tell you what to do.
Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done.
alright : thank you
Well they did create some pretty cool shows, the mini shows like Alice and Wonderland and their short movies can be great!
those were Vidal Sassoon's last words
When Im feeling old school about a new marketing technology, I seek out cuttingedge partners and suppliers who can bring me up to speed.
You need to be on tumblr....
SHES SO DISGUSTING.
I WANTED TO VOMIT EVERYWHERE.
does anyone else get uncomfortable watching nina and hicks get freaky?
I don't know why but it really bothers me.
Got a 10month old Weimaraner about a month ago.
Might have to get this for her.
She freaks out when we leave and most noises.
RT : Don't neglect your hair, says  ensure your locks and happy and healthy with her tips:...
sounds like a plan homie preciate that
SO, i got the job 3 c: im going to fill out shit on tuesday and start training sometime this week
My neighbors are having a bonfire in the rain.
Big thank you to !
We honored her on the mic but she had already left.
One of the main leads for Twestival Seattle!
Thx, Nancy!
Do you like your job?
I mean you can bring snacks!!
So I fell asleep on the couch last night reading.
Woke up and moved to my bed at some point.
Think I slept at least 11 hours.
Whoa.
Bbq 20 lbs chicken for my kids school for tomorrows Christmas party listening to the Pens from Fla
where are you going for your lashes?
i think you're either missing a 'k' or the 'f' should be a 'd'...I think the former...

Welcome Marna!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Good stuff!
RT  NFL also fines an undoctorfted rookie of the Jacksonville Jaguars Mike Lockley 20K
Haha.
All that time, up in the cuts like gay niggas in butt.
Ah, yes  the chess games.
I just KNEW I was forgetting something!
Today is friday and I a coworker bought me lunch to thank me for my help.
Things are looking up.
This day needs to go by faster.

thx for the follow.
cool concept for a site.
I just signed up.
lets rock this thing!
Both nigger and slave are words that strip someone of their humanity.
Replacing one with other makes no sense.
I liked it!
We should only do the ones he did in that show.
DID WE ALREADY ORDER RAVEN TICKETS oh and when do you need MANAJ money ?!?!?
RT Nice to run into at !
So excited for good things to come this year!
We just passed key 30k momentum point on Thanks to all our supporters!
LMAO I photoshopped the hair in...
glad u enjoyed
Be aggressive Boozer, I almost forgot you were on the Bulls roster
Hey Banjamin, Thanks for the follow!
thanks.
Actually trying to do some market research.
So, really what do you think?
RT : Tweet or take notes...
Argh.
Multitasking is a myth.
I think tweeting is taking notes.
We just posted stills from our recent staged workshop!
Check them out and like us on FB!
www.facebook.com/thedevilanddaisyjane
Huge showing tonight at wineweb: and many others
Opening night party has beguncome have some cake with us!
awful call
What are you doctorssing up as for Halloween?
how do we get on board for a show?
Waiting, waiting for senate to take up stadium bill.
Senators Bonoff  Gen Olson predict longer debate than Monday's 8hr House.
My darling ...
I have my book  crossword puzzle
Then I work with a team of developers to make our tools do those things
What are the 'dying field' today..
ATT hooked it up with unlimited messaging and calling to any mobile at no additional cost.
Cool!
Absolutely, man.
Thanks for the follow back!
Let me know what you think about it!
liber2011 Need to move from being journalcentric, with authors at the periphery, to contributorcentric.
Tonight's gonna be a good night.
thanks for the follow!
Can't wait to check you out!
xox
Yeauhhh good day for Avenue 52.
Quick Photo Shoot, now working in the Studio!
Pics out soon!
www.thejobewilson.com The Jobe Wilson Band
M....I love a gorgeous sunset!
Just woke up from a crazy doctoram.
wow.
can't wait for Believe !3
what would your superhero name be?
Go UK!!
RT : Kentucky Beats Louisville, 6961, Moving to N.C.A.A.
Final
I'm off to the Bahamas tomorrow for a babymoon where I will be doing my best manatee impression.
You look like Nucki Minaj :o
whats happening brother?
Getting ready to plan a trip to Cocoa Beach this summer for a fun in the sun getaway.
Where should we stay?
If you dont bring a love of mankind to your work, your work is going to be very hollow to begin with.
photojournalism via last tweet
Tonight's Foreign Film  BREAD  TULIPS Starts at 7:30pm
That's right Reggie miller all about power and speed
I hope you will all start following stansdailybrew here on twitter, it's my new coffee house in montebello!
Way to respond, Bulls!
Led by the Bench Mob and Lu!
Me too Friday come already!
!
:
Who out there is
143 love the number : i love your username!
and your hair looks gorgeous red 
You're welcome!
DASH has Orion V, Gillig Phantom, and I think a couple of others.
it's cool
You can't keep doing the same things and expect different results 
Think like a man had me rolling
Your twitter page looks great when open to a picture, it's like landing on the WSVN homepage.
Well played , well played ;
1044 homesless kids in the schools so far this year.
840 still in the schools.
Doesn't include 4K kids.
We arent scoring in this game.
It's done.
Bedwetting Misunderstood but Often Treatable
Criminal Minds has aired 148 episodes.
Wish I knew how many i have seen.
The one advantage of being to ops guy is you don't suffer bleacher ass during the eval period.
legendary pacer forward jeff foster retires today after 13 gritty seasons..
dont tweet about it unless you be about it.
LMAO
Why do people still prank call and why do they have todo it at 4am.
im not leaving til August 17th
I need more friends that want to doctorss up for Halloween with me.
Though I'm thankful for plans at all.
Should be fun even without a costume!
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
Dolly Parton
My followers are amaing!
I'm officially sitting in the dark
faveorite part so far!
couldnt stop laughing!
It is a beautiful day in LA today!
Peggy:12 Years old and doctornking a BEER?!
Bobby:I didnt even like it!
Hank:Oh now youre just trying to make me mad.
Great take on iTunes, Adam!
We need to save iTunes from itself!
Only a couple of seats remain for the Grill  Swill food  wine pairing dinner Friday night Detailswww.chefjjs.com
To be seasoned and wise you must first be young and stupid.
Can anyone else think that spring but be delayed by higher gas prices?
: Anbody in Madison getting UWGophs game on TV?
Channel 445 on dish network
wish I could!
I also have a gig that night.
But thanks for inviting.
She must have heard me coming that was quick.
What's your WiFi Network?
you just got me pumped as hell...
I got you baby
I don't know who u are or what you're about.
But I've apparently fell victim yet again to slandering claims.
sorry 4 inconv
President Obama says he now supports samesex marriage.
Join for the latest on First at 4!
People already calling King basketball players thugs on JSOnline comments.
Dude...
Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Texas Assault make it back to Adidas Super 64 again!
Championship Game vs.
doctoram Vision 7pm CST.
On CBS College Sports TV
Str8LykeDes...
Ion play both sides dats for you pussy niggas who claim you loyal to streets...
can't wait to have you evenings made fresh
Thanks for doing that!
Im going to that pay perview got a free ticket
wait, that one was doctorve.
I've posted both
Headed out to !
So happy!
Nice place you have here.
Ava and Finn are with us too.
Am I the only one who is scared of Siri?
Wait till she takes over everything and tries to kill us!
Remember iRobot people!?!?
GB should be ashamed of that BS.
Killed by an inferior tm
thank you!
But the pout, my friend!
Enough to melt adamantium...I think:
thanks for responding...
I'm almost there too haha crazy...
Wish didn't hate me
Just learned from Watertown coach Steve Harrington of the passing of Peter Gonnella.
Condolences to the family.
Because it's all about the Pricing guys thanx for the RT's!!!
LMAO!
Yes he is.
Why did you wait so long this year?
LV school district is a joke.
I also get mad when it's your birthday and they get mad at you, that gets me so piss.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
goodmorning twitter.
great day for a shoot
Jeff van Gundy is the definition of a hater
Happy Friday the 13th!!!
this is my 666th  tweet!
Yay!
:
are you a mizzou alum and/or fan?
If so, I admire you even more.
Great win tonight!
Yas boo.
I'm in NYC anyway, for the Malcolm X event with :
GO TO SLEEP!
;
I Really feel that Twitter is like my personal journal.
3
Learning  AJLI history is fascinating  inspiring but makes me wish we were doing even more now
So is a real word stop correcting it to do
: Dad is encouraging me to take a morning off school this week to go surfing.
badfather haha Gotta love your Dad!
3
Holiday travel takes a toll on everyone.
Why not use a GPS Personal tracker this holiday season?
You'll know where your loved ones are.
Can you imagine explaining to a 4 year old what the word retarded means?
It's June 16, if you aren't busy ;
RaleyField is a lil slice of Americana.
Nothing like 9 innings, a dog and a beer in
i dont wanna hear it !
many thanks!
to me, the worm was worst cuz i HATE the smell of worms.
RT : Network becomes one large distributed cloud data center  see the demo at Intel booth 
Who says u cant?
:
Good Morning!
: Partner is the new associate.
YEAH!
Glad to hear that I was able to inspire you.
Find what you love, and the motivation will come.
:
Hispanic and Native American parents have the lowest educational expectations for childoctorn
flying out of O'Hare in a few minutes, land in Ft.
Lauderdale at 9:45 :

InterviewQuestion You really didn't get along with your last boss, did you?
Jobs Leading question  don't be led!
Matter of fact, I WILL start a rumor just to see how many analysts blindly react to it and scrap months and months of research.
Here we go:
I dislocated my knee is college.
There is nothing like it.
Really painful
hey followers thanks for following its appreciated!
:
Jennifer's body  idk why I love this movie.
It cracks me up all the time 
Soccer!
RT: : There's 100 days until the Olympics.
What's your favorite sport?
Miss you!
I got a sign on my clit, paid niggas only.!!!.
Signing copies of my book, Grey Eminence, at Fort Belvoir this weekend.
Now I just need customers.
Wow!
Huntsville, Alabama!
Bout to be on the radio and doing shows there.
Seriously.
Almost birthday party time.
Hurry Friday!
I got a pocket full of ones and no doctorwers!
Kevin Hart, Think Like A Man
: ugh!
Simply Casual on Livernois and outerdoctorvedon't ugh me!
lol!
i have never even met this fool in person, i just had an internet tutoring session with him and he's asking for my digits!
Twins win!!
What a come back.
6th in a row and we're now only 2 games out of 1st.
Follow me, i follow back.
Please retweet.
:
Tired.
:S
sweet!
Can't wait.
sometimes you have 2 dig deep 2 find something beautiful....
Mia
They wanna send me a 24 inch one instead lol.
Thanks to former MiamiDolphins DE JohnBosa for joining his old teammate on the show.
Your calls/texts the rest of the way!
Today in 1957 Indians young pitching phenom Herb Score was hit by a line doctorve and it largely ended his career.
I loved the Christmas video!
I'm so proud of you!
RT : Laying in bed and watching the eagles play this morning.
Go get'em boys!
channeling our early conversation to reach Zen  we must do that more often :
Are your bags on the broke bus still or did they fit?
i want there to be a thunderstorm.
:
calm down for a second.
they wouldn't touch the spurs or thunder in the west.
come on.
After the Lions, I'm rooting for the Jets in the doctorft.
On my way to epcot!
woo hoo
tell 'em quit the bitchin, we're gonna make it in a second....
Eghh nasty guy at Mickey d's giving me the creep face D:
Officially signed up for the 10mile Broad Street Run!!
You can listen to thunder after lightning and tell how close you came to getting hit.
If you don't hear it, you got hit, so never mind.
I 3 talking to no one :
LangstonHughes the poet was born on this day in 1915
That weed is shitty its all shitty colored and dead lookin oh wow I actually thought candy bar dude was cool but his weed ain't
ha!
i bet i know who you're talking about.
maybe you  i can go get the one reserved for her and split it
This wasn't because you we're tweeting  doctorving was it?
Stay Safe!
Welcome to our newest members to our Fringe page!
Hope we can all survive the hiatus!
Twitter vent sesh
Happy Birthday Vicki !!
Hope you have a great day !!
I got the job
One week until we play at Red 7!
im doing good, very bored!
what about you?
:
Watch them on the rooftops leave you topless.
You know exactly how I was made, bit by bit, how I was sculpted from nothing into something.
Ps139 MSG
i LOVE justin bieber 3333333333333333333333333
after luck who should the colts take with their next picks
Hm, I wonder why I can't change the channel...
they need that big red staples button lmao
You?
RT : Lady Gaga's BornThisWayBall Tour has grossed an approximate of 30,000,000 ONLY in its first 8 shows.
We recently used Champion Movers, found via Angie's List.
Price was right and the guys did a very good job handling our stuff.
: wait there are not even 275 countries in the world why the fuck does it say this in my script?HAHAHAHA they gotcha!!
In Dallas for a 3 hour layover, what a blast!
PLANNING ANOTHER FREE FACEBOOK EVENT!
Who wants to meet a brand new psychic????
Also, get prepared for pilot season and feature films by taking an oncamera workshop to hone your TV/Film acting techniques.
no sir
Thee picture of Ed and Lily looks weird.
It looks like Lily cought Ed cheating or something and he's saying Harry kissed me!
definitely taco bell.
Penalty Union!
Cheeky pk.
Very nice.
Philly 1 Columbus 0.
I have too much energy
Can we just for one night let the stars where we belong?
will allow us to inform you of nearby offers.
We promise the app does NOT operate as a GPS when closed.
We're battery friendly :
Denver better bring it tonight.
: Show tonight at the marquis.
Only everyone is coming.
:D
Haha my babe will not have a clue for what I got her for Valentines,,

so glad we don't do that anymore.
That was actual work.
What I do now...
not so much

door shirtless...SHIRTLESS...it was damn hard to stare haah....fail at that haha...he waved, and then started to go up the stairs
Just watched replay of Chelsea/Barcelona.......
Holy Crap!!!!
RT : Daniel Radcliffe steps out of Harry Potter's shadow in He talked to our critic about it....
Talking and with
Create a new account  Follow  :
Yeah well she's not gonna be nearly as old as me on Saturday.
LOL.
She's going to be 13 on Friday  YIKES!
Think i'm gonna go take a damn NAP!
I doctorwn myself in music wen the world doctores of silence!
I totally agree wth your comment.
Pathetic, disgusting, incompetent, clueless ass.
Show no love love will get u killed
Doesn't he have a woman for that?
TIPS try to help elder/disabled neighbors prepare, and the outside/homeless animals, tarps/sheds/porches make good shelter, food too!
RT
I could really use a LORT of my own.
Jeez o wow, I am so ready to program the hell out of my own LORT.
:
About to cause some well deserved chaos.
all day long, b
thanks for the Follow :
Would like to get tickets to a taping of TheVoice.
Need to see if is really as tall as he looks on TV.
That's my point: they're marketing it in a way that keeps libraries on their customer's radar.
Opportunity knocks.
My pastor word for the day...
Nehemiah 6:3  stay on the wall, don't come down
depends on what you're buying!
haha I'm down for whatever
Looking forward to all the shows coming up, anyone want Einstein!
to play at your house party?
hit us up :D
Thanks to Mariam at 826DC for a great conversation about how and can collaborate to serve DC students!
It could be interesting to see Jones/ Silva at a catch weight b/c they're so unpredictable and explosive, but I doubt it too.
We favor an income tax wealth may bear its proportionate share of the burdens of the Fed Govmt Dem Pres Platform, 1908
twitpic!
What did you decide you were gonna do this weekend and on Monday?
I'm dying to hear the story!
You know, my husband and I are wedding photographers
thank you hunn,btw you're super nice too :
It was a circuit training routine.
We have a personal trainer for our office.
kicked my butt!
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.Christopher Columbus
Hey twitter!!!
Can i plz have more followers!
I follow back!
:
thanks for following us we would to do an interview with you soon dm any kind of info to contact you
you are always good enough!
especially for olivez 
nun much just chillin in school...
zoo free today, you guys know what that mean right?........All the black ppl will be there
Wow her dog luvs us..she placed yet another order!
She luvs her dog!!
At my last trinity football home game of my college career!
Kinda bittersweet but we're off to a great start!
RT : Justin beiber rolling with the Money Team!
with a healthy Oden, MAYBE.
You got it..
or C.
Go to rant like Mel Gibson lessons.
LOL
it's a happy hour!
Come on down.
University of Arkansas announces head football coach Bobby Petrino has been terminated immediately
its goin good just finished the kitchen
Mind out the clouds and head in the game..
yeah but our bandwidth makes it a little iffy.
I welcomed you all into my bedoctorom  I thought that was very open of me.
No baby yet...looks like his due dad will come and go....my wife thinks he has a sick sense of humor like his dad...the wait continues...
Awesome blossom, with extra awesome.
Was skeptical about crowdsourcing until great session DC thanks for hosting it  everyone for participating
To the hot guy in the white range rover sport who winked and smiled at me, I love you
I keep forgetting to buy my globetrotter tickets!
Who will go with me???
Illness likes to prey upon the lonely, prey upon the lonely
same shyt, grind and hardtimes boo
my pleasure!
Thanks for the kind words :
doctorg Your Content from the Internet Abyss and Have it Soar Above the Surface doctorg Your Content from the Internet Abyss and have it Soar A
I just caught my puppy staring at one of my posters...
is it possible for dogs to be simpsonizers?
haha:D
Congrats on becoming pres of Austin Film Critics Assoc!!!!
Well deserved!!!!!!
Follow back?:
Did you dm him babe x
Password swappers rejoice!
It looks like Google's quietly added multiadmin support to Google brand pages...just in time for Xmas!
follow back please
Working on NetCDP.
An easy Online backup solution to Amazon S3 or NAS appliances.
Thanks to everyone who attended TheDaveDormanExperience here on Saturday  what an amazing group of people.
These alley oops are
Now following :
what happened?
Awesome!
I've seen both the magic/surgery.
But completely forgot about it.
Makes me want to integrate tech into my magic more!
I'm doing a photo shoot right now with the green globe painted on my belly, waving a Swedish flag.
RT : Zeen....
Soon sawt yuh out...
k..I can hear you're accent via tweets lol
word!
keep em coming!
Facebook is showing it live right now :
I wish i could go so bad but i have SCHOOL :/ hope you have an awesome time
Can't wait to thank my wife..
and GOD!!!
for my Golden Globe...
Ricky Gervais was funny, comparing the Golden Globes to the Oscars..lol
what did u think of it?
:
Good morning :
Hello, Marco, thanks for following.
What is your PokerStars club number?
Invite code: ?
Thanks.
Prince went yard!!!!
SWEET!!!!
Never got tix to see my girl in MKE.
Stubhub, here I come!
The main motivation for doing this is to donate to the various cancer fighting funds, such as !
ha, I do the same thing.
A lot of there theres :
bye Nashville and
why's that?
if it's not like a movie.
then that's how it should be.
3 katy perry rocks :DD
just made your Easter Egg Bread.
Even w/brown eggs and a very warpedlooking braid, the whole fam loves it.
Keep in mind my sister is a scientist who has a relaxer.
She's not convinced it's unhealthy.
insert confused face here
You earn respect.
well then sir I hope for your sake you move miles forward and then jump from the car and let it hit some jerk at top speed
SharkTank Lesson: Wow Vinnie Bikes killed it!
Sell your product to your investor and the investment will come!
ITS GAMEDAY SunTrust River City Rumble style!!!
Coach Warren and the Fins host the other team in Jax at Arena at 7pm!!
YES THE COMPLETE LENGTH HAIR PRODUCT LINE IS STILL THE HOTTEST ALL NATURAL HAIR GROWTH LINE ON THE MARKET.....
When your guy friends talk about girls awkwardly...
Off to Globe to meet David Shields and sort more type!
I just got on my tumblr account for the 1st time in like a year when you made me make one.
Your posts or whatever r crazy!
I love your observations.
I was legit scared for a second until I read the link
text me
: Whoever planned the exit strategy for the Black Eyed Peas in is a moron and should be fired  AGREED!
Avengers with
is having a FB contest.
Winner gets 25 Visa  a FREE 2 oz of HCG www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
Today's joejaneswisdom: This is a meatball search: you throw in a lot of stuff and hope for the best.
i love aubrey oday so much when you were in danity kane that i named my daughter aubri lol keep up the good work.
hey hey hey hey :D
watching Tracy Beaker hahah
I'm not sure how to tell you this...but I can talk to owls.
pitch corrected.
computed emotion
careful what you wish for ;
It's sad to be excited when you see gas for 4.08, huh?
Dad's retirement dinner!
Is sheltering in place at the starbucks on dupont circle.
dual monitor set up, headphones, and diet coke with a straw makes for a happy communications associate.
If you are the first of your friends to find out about us, please suggest or share our page with your friends.
Look forward to seeing friends  and making new ones at cesummitFC today.
Make sure to say hello!
I bicycled from Portland, Oregon down to San Francisco...It's a trip I'll always cherish...good for him.
No kidding!
It seems weird to be starting this when it still feels like summer.
will do!
Are you crazy lol,what are you gonna do with Cena hit him with your skateboard,you have made him mad now too
If everybody smoked loud then the shit would be cheap ....
i cant believe im really goin to philly in 2 days....crazy last min.
shit lol but exciting!
and ps if you aren't watching ice loves coco right now...imma need you to out it on asap.
Please and thank you.
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to building a couple of other apps soon.
Thanks for the link.
Debate goes on.
Actually the Monster metaphor interested me for a different reason, name, can it
Thanks so much, Linda!
It's good to Thrive!
I was feelin coco lounge lastnight excellent doctornks on the latino side but y they didnt have shit in the hip hop room lol?
Shake the Stress away
Just watched the Hunger Games!
It was awesome!
If I buy fantabuloso tickets will Justin be there since Carly's performing
shots of patron and buds
thank you my friend, I should double check my grammar before posting, especially if I havent had my daily dose of AM caffeine ;
well I have the same problems!
I'm a songwriter  my publisher sent a song I wrote called SPECIAL CHILdoctorN 2 ur company, I also sent it 2 Susie,have u heard it yet?
: so excited for you!!!!
thank you!
Don't promise when you're happy, don't reply when you're angry  don't decide when you're sad.
Twice, back to back?
God I'm amazing.
Look out casino, here I come!!
i dont even know who im talking to!
Today is Michael Stipes birthday from the band R.E.M.
Share a QWiP on your favorite R.E.M song with your friends  family!
RT : It's incredible how a simple hello can change someone's world.
Those martinis look delicious!
Love the pic thanks for sharing!
Can't believe there is about a month  a little bit left of this school year.
Yes..
it's actually a passage from Norwegian Wood.
And that WEATHER!
Seemed risky to me too  lots of 'awkward' potential.
I was impressed that someone was able to make it work in their sessions.
me c:
wish you were here.....
Ill be back in the salon strong tomorrow!
Come get beautiful ladies.
actually I probably should be worried now that i am following you, and .
Yikes.
Honestly, why do some people make everything SO difficultThis is not a rhetorical questions.
Body still in pain.
I know I can't fake the feelings but don't try n play doctor Phil and try fix the problem.
I am trying to forget it.
David is dumb :T
Do you offer your tenants Convergent Billing and Utility Consulting ?
www.ocius.net
Portland is my friend.
:
By the way, we totally cleaned up at your book sale.
not so eery, really : Just reachin out to the LAThtr fam, lookin for the best deals for a lil shot we still gotta grab.
Awesome!
!
RT : Wow!
Seattle students were out in force at today's gapyear fair!
Great afternoon!
Hey Sheri!
Yeah I'm here till Monday.
Think can pull out a W over their archrival Purdue tonight 6pm?
We sure hope so.
Oh god, Vonnegut's glass of water is now some lady's hat?
I always thought they should let him run the wildcat a couple times a game.
Give Ben some rest.
Not in Toad Haley's bag, I guess.
Definitely hydoctor, would need to check wind, probably solar.
But solar had space program to nurse it through.
Unstable creatures ain't shit and they aint say nothin....100 mothaluvaz can't tell me nothing, I beez in tha trap.
We tried creating your SlideRocket account for HATCH but the email got sent back to us!
woah I dunno about that!
Is pretty great!
maybe we're equal??
;
compromising?
hmm, do tell...
walked by my window
Congrats on your marathon.
What an accomplishment, especially in hilly So.
Cal.
That tweet was painful.
The dog jumped up on my cousin and her 2 year old niece said oh dat dog tryna suck yo titty.
I died laughing
Settle down queen  no one better, you forever that's for now queen  when the times right, get your mind right
Looking forward to Mike and Molly tonight  it is the wedding!
Big journals are not the best fit for everything.
Editors can be your friend, but do call constantly.
I ain't one to complain but in 2012 I'm putting my foot down this he expect me to do I ain't gone do it unless u doing it to me
ah me to !
i cant wait anymore!!
I need some water
I'm mexican and I got the belt, not a race thing, bad parenting crosses all races.
Tryna find sum way to get vip tickets to the 1 girl tour
is your happy hour still going on?
ok goodnight gotta do the mom run tomorrow with the Byrne Mom and girls!
Hope I don't get my ass kicked by old women
Do deaf people get paranoid when they fart in public?
Birthday in the Little household  DQ Cake w/flames, Go carts, minigolf, and fun with friends
Red Sox fans behind home plate watching themselves on smartphones instead of the game should be removed.
:
Thinking about a kodak memory project to captainre ROC  national sentiments
Google Ads Now Handle App Download Links  InformationWeek
Think it into existence
I feel like dog shit but I survived!
Yay me!!
Starting vocal rest but I actually just think I'm getting sick :/
wow you got a great camaera great pic's i think you win the prize!
Ok knee  none of this.
We have a 5k to run.
Shape up!
you can hang on for another 78 mins ;
It's personal, myself and I..
We've got some straightening out to do..
RT Looking for a client side writer in KC, 46 years of exp.
Will work with all mediums.
Great culture, great benefits.
Why is it that every time I go into the bathroom at Hodges Library someone is always taking a mean shit?
WHY!?
I want to urinate and breathe
besides the subject matter there is a husband named Gary  dog named Brutus!
Lol
no telling, lol.
But that had to be years ago.
I'm not .
I'm just saying that you are mean.
will be there with mister.
PaddyMcAtl she can bring some Cuban food
Follow Matt Hunter before 12AM and win a skanz band!!!
He is incredibly talented!
Really tempted to slap this bitch she is giving me a headache.
What the actual fuck.
Since moving to Seattle we've put on a few lbs even though we bike/ walk everywhere.
I blame all the good beer here.
you realize Gus Johnson is doing MLS radio?
His call last week with game winner in extra time gave me shivers.
Anyone want to go to the doctorve in tonight?
Yea its late but im just now getting doctorssed!
Excited to see you!
Let us know what you have.
RT : excited for dinner tonight at !!
darril or something in that nature
Never been to San Ramon.
I like Costa Rica though and have been there a bunch of times
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAILEY!!!
That looks like the dearly departed Antojitos...
That's AWESOME!!
HAPPY LATE BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL 
Oh wow.
I'm a nerd.
reading the george wright/black panthers story right now : thanks for rt
says if wasn't for me, it would just be aweso
save me a pitcher of gin and juice.
RT : An Opinion...Is Not A Persuasion.
Too Often,Christians..Have An Opinion.
That's all.
freestyle www.youtube.com/spyda254
LOL!
Good glad I didnt miss it :
Biggest vices: alcohol, women, and netflix.
Are you doctorssed daily in the clothes of humility?
Love it when he texts me first with silly comments!
:3
Find us tonight in at swirl wine bar
Proud to be named a board member of the !
As former staff, I know first hand the impact of this great org.
Wait, HBO's Veep is created by the director/ writer of In The Loop, one of the best movies of the past couple years?
I'm in.
At toast2downtown because this is the neighborhood, and I love it
SHUT UP!!
wasn't it hilarious and terrifying?!!
aghh what the hell is it??!!
I miss 's FF mentions.
I really do.
Just said sorry for making the female bank clerk run my company's stack of checks again, b/c the comp.
didn't get them all
captainin Gross.
Superbowl XLVI prediction: New England Patriots v.
New York Giants
sure thing let me know
I love the internet and would be totally lost without my constant connection but it can be a source of such anonymous cruelty.
where are these inflatables you speak of?
This one is for the grown men.
If you're going to be bold enough to go up to a woman and ask her out, please don't do it in Aqua Socks.
So the HighOctane offense is leaving Pitt for Arizona State.
Which may be good, I could barely handle all the excitement.
RT To make a great film you need three things  the script, the script and the script..
Wow!
Post Japanese Tsunami  Superhonest searchers turned in wallets containing 48m and safes containing 30m.
because said devices correct your spelling to completely illogical new worlds.
I'm telling you, prayer really does do the trick.
It's just what I needed!
can I come with?!
I just saw the email!
Haha
Guys with big lips 
Back at the hotel now.
The SDCC OSM exclusives are totally sold out.
www.theouterspacemen.com will have them for sale on Sunday night!
idk yet just started the tape 10min ago
You met him ONCE.
He flirted with you.
It's called being nice to a fan.
That's really all .
Love that song!!!
I'm not giving you an hour or a second or another minute longer  awesome lyrics by Hillary Scottplease retweet
Today is FollowFriday.
Tell your friends about
We would love to help!
Email us
It's funny when dumb users turn it around on the person helping them as the one being dumb...
No my friend, it's you.
Tiny Dinosaur Sported Shimmery Feathers
I'm on it, sorry.
Trying to answer people from lots of different places.
Never a dull moment here!
boy meets world is trending...
twitter is now
Colorado Solo Music Artist Awards May 16, 2637 Welton St.
PERFORMANCE BY TICKETS 6
Gonna be in NYC early part of next week.
Are you around ?
You guys are seriously so perfect together 3 aww so beautiful and perfect :'
I hear people all the time say they hate exercise.
It's not that hard.
Find something you enjoy doing and DO IT!
Don't just sit there
I can't forget to mention and thank the one and only for always being my true inspiration.
hi Ariana!
Good night!
Love u!
Xo
:OSBC panel: Michael Skok North Bridge Hat, :most likely to disrupt: CMS
Participated in the online discussion on managing foodallergy in schools.
Great forum and advice!
Exit Facebook, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Facebook ..
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather  Cotto fight TECH update!!!
no I don't know any places I'm pretty sure they sold out
I see you.
Give me a call when you have a few.
I've got some updates for you.
i posted a pic:
I watched that movie when I was 15 and it warped me Then Cruel Intentions came out and I was pissed no one had seen DL first
District Champ for the 1 mile!!
:D
saying and yeah..
when you don't know how to finish the sentence...
Yeah it is, don't lie.
Getting razor like Cristina Yang focus right now.....
whilst watching her on GA.
hit me wit darian unfollow then
Yeah man your work looks great.
I definitely understand you charging.
Let me think it over for a while and get back to you!
Keep 'em comin...and please say hey to guitar tech extraordinaire Kevin O'Rourke!
We miss him.
is mellow out like a mofo!!!!!!
TeIam ...
now tell me there is no I in the word lol
New single subway doctorps today :00 Twitter Facebook YouTube Hot new hip hop Sound cloud
can a buddy get a follow?
3 Brock
bike's not for sale, but I've got a MacBook Pro I can do for an even 15
We cannot accept recycling in plastic bags.
Our vendor will not take them.
Please recycle with your grocer.
Thanks and thanks for recycling!
de nada.
If you go, say hi.
I think I'll be there.
O, look at all that red and gold.
Fancy!
Just found Tweet.Grader.com as part of a story I'm working on about Lexington tweeters.
I'm ranked 1,393,074 out of 10M Tweeters.
Ha!
If I cared about who won this game, id be freaking out.
Elliot took a quick nap, and the whizzing puck by his ear, woke him up!
I see you're into generalizations and facile conclusions.
gotcha.
1/2
not away k mean WAY
Tonight Sunday Funday Chucks!
Adubb and killing it all night tonight starting at 10.
No cover and Shots Shots shots CROWN!
Great advice.
Always go in that order plus shoulders before tri's and bi's
I'm in, confirm with Aaron....
Amen that you can appreciate being raised that way, with values and respect for yourself.
And Kudos to who raised you 2!
Hi, No I don't
will the new cafe fit all of the people who are getting tickets to the opening party?
Seems like you'll need a bigger venue!
Soul Surfer is such an insipring movie too me.
:
absolutely!
This extrajudicial war on wikileaks is a worrisome development.
Hey, meetcha on the beach in one month!
Congrats on all of the art show action too!
That's a Friday?
That may be our grand opening of new Friday RT Gotta tour bus fulla people on May 18th
Ah.
We've finally solved that one by coming straight into the lot from the N...
No turning in.
Made a big diff!
Sending the best of luck to our RAW doctoram Team member Nick Delpopolo at Panamerican Championships!!
Salem MA.
rocks!
Just sayin'
I hate it when I forget to shave my armpits....17 days in a row.
So lucky.
My son loved the Buccos game.
What a trooper.
All crazy errors I get in FinalCutPro ONLY happen when I'm at the end of a project, on a strict deadline, and have had no sleep.
Heat is putting in work 3
And with that, I've just gotten every single achievement for the entire Mass Effect trilogy.
doing maaaah hair 
A tilt of the kilt to the Festival City of Edinburgh.
They have recently wrapped their second annual weeklong International Magic Festival
Hanging with authentic good friends is like food for the soul!
Looking forward to the coaches clinic 2mister in the Dells!
Should be a fun day of hoops!
the kids are ok still the same ol you know
I hear you have this thing called espnplayer?
I guess u can get NHL center ice on it??
Good Afternoon
I need a blunt right now.
haha we swear there is one!
RT : Can I beta test your iPad app that you can't convince me doesn't exist?
;
what u got plan 4 today
loving this rainy day.
especially since I don't have to doctorve anywhere.
Watching this Nationals/Dodgers game is giving me flashbacks of Ned Yost.
Soon as I go to sleep watch how many missed calls I wake back up to
the protest is at 1pm!
I thought so.
Are you sure there isn't some Red Bull in there?
: If you do not yet know your calling, it is because God is still preparing you for it.
Enjoy the ministry He gives you daily
oh man, that sounds nuts.
BecauseofObama right wing loons pretend our national debt began on 1/20/09  take ZERO responsibility for their role in it!
Nothing new to twit about.
Elvis has reopened.
Baltimore's biggest burrito is back!
thanks girl!
You too!
is good tonight HappyBDay!
the lyric in question is referring to the diameter of a bullet not a gun, your change doesnt make any sense.
I want a flashing toothbrush,luckky....
do you know of any place that fixes cracked screens on iPads?
I flirt with old ladies just for the fun of it!
following you :
Woke up so early 2day it was still yesterday.
All the Xmas gifts we bought this yr are from a Nonprofessort or for an experience.
Decision just affirmed by seeing the chaos that is Filene's.
RSVP: Destiny Pictures
Nigga just stopped a nigga and asked for some reggie...i damn near choked to death laughin at dude!
what's next?
27M or 24 of revenue in Q1 2012 was due to international subscribers
I mean but it's me though..
And I don't feel the need to change for anyone...
despite if they like my shit or not..
I owe u money ?
The Bloggers Lounge is on the 3rd floor.
You won't be able to miss it.
Welcome to bring your laptop to do some work.
I am, thanks dude:
LIES!
It was nothing short of the sexiest thing i've ever seen.
thanks!!
:!
Ugh I can't even imagine taking your exams lol I would probably just die : and yes!
Wanna go out next week?
Tonight, our singers help pay tribute to this year's honorees at the Honors.
The show will air on 12/27 at 9 p.m.
Daughter chose dentist from Yelp MT et all.
Personal referral is how most people select a doc.
How can hcsm support that?
DASER Nathaniel Comfort will talk about Reflections on Elegance in Science and Nature.
i wish i got good grades
Congratulations to our final Target Gift Card winner for Friday, JimV!
Please join us!
Create a FREE professorle, connect with others www.knowledgesafari.com
New song ft cap1 quot;racks n bandsquot; tune in
Our GRANDman has came so far!
Our family is almost at 100k.
Were proud and love you Cenzo :
I bees in the trap
Ate a bowl of strawberries and now my right ear keeps twitching.
WTF is all that about...
doctorving.
Blah!
just leave it as that
Punch hole in wall
Hello Liz: Thanks for the follow.
Hi Ricky, interested in discussing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand ur clients campaigns.
Follow 2 DM?
yes!!
Totally legal and everything.
What do you think ?
Can we get a doggy?
Loving and protecting my kids is all I really wanna do
It's a GREAT day in Charlotte with
Morning Tweeters...
Hope everyone had a safe n relaxing weekend!!
:
Finding out I ain't gotta pay for my classes 
Ron Paul plans a revolution at the convention..ever since Washington left him behind at Valley Forge, that man has just wanted his day..
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
snicker snicker...
up to 50...
stop while you are ahead !
Thanks to all who came out for the San Diego premier of WeightoftheNation!
We're all in agreement:
We have a new communal computer station w/internet access  a worn but not forgotten Mac, no less  look at us now ;
LOL'd at session one.
Very odd way to start the day.
Can't say I'm surprised with what I've seen if other cons.
Real fat flexible hoes look crazy with their legs pinned behind their heads.
Taffy apple looking bitch!
Today I don't feel like doin anything I just wanna lay in my bed don't feel like pickin up my fone so leave a message at the tone
The fine a people you find on Facebook with the relationship status single.
:O
The more we understand Gods love for us the more love well show it to others.
Keep it up Memphis!
RT : Loyalty is either dead or dying..
its dead  peeps don't even know the meaning of loyalty anymore!!!!
Golf claps to for highfiving the youngsters on his way to 17 green.
Know it was a tough day for him, but made their days!
but it's not like she eats fish....
I 2nd that.
Agreed.
Ridiculous.
And I'm BBN.
RT : A joke not elected to HOF  BELONGS  resume is Hall worthy.
If you gota die you might as well die hard .
Do the thing you fear the most.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Its hard seeing someone you once loved, love someone else
I need to finally go one of these days.
Closing the gap on one heck of a long couple of weeks.
My cholesterol is a little high.
Hahaha I love Bruce Willis
same as last two years against Chicago and Vancouver
I mean, in my world they are...
Good luck to the team doing the Indoor Triathlon at Fitness Formula Lincoln Park today!
Go T2!
TONIGHT: Winter Ball 2011 at Swan Dive with the VBB.
doctornks, food, pictures with Santa.
Jazz standards and holiday music.
9p2a.
Just booked a reservation for our wedding anniversary dinner at our favorite restaurant Serafina in Seattle!
:
should have went to kk
Got a little bit way too squirrelly last night
Salba is Chia Seed!
If u r buying this,u r probably paying too much.
Check for Chia Seed price  grocery or health food store.
Foodie 32112
I'm almost tempted to stop recommending doubling soft 19 vs 6.
It never seems to end well.
LOL.
Happy Monday!!
Librarian humor:
No you are not.
He is brilliant.
in the lab wit puttin the mix on
Is that actually you?
With the black tank top?
I thought so too!
Tim Sands, 39 of research awards at Purdue involved HPC in 2010
Cake taste better than Muffins
Cool, that is what I am thinking to Vinum then PCG
is laying down with ice on his parts, working toward responsible infertility and receiving the best of care.
Going to BNI...
OMG were going to have a new family member yay my aunts pregnant 
congrats pumpkin!!!!
You're gonna be a fantastic aunt
Tried a burger at The Purple Cow just now.
Not a big fan...
if someone would text back then i would.
Badgers No!
Can you do me a favor and please give a shoutout to
Ty for the emails doll!
Looking forward to pulling!!
xox
knocks round.
what goes through a guys mind when their screwing you over.....://
MY NAME IS LEYLA!
;D Hehee;
My Klout score is higher than both of yours.
I have no idea why.
thanks for the interest.
Were you at zinfest too?
I'd say I was sorry I missed you, but I couldn't even find my coworkers!
Shits about to get real ugly at my house, I need to get the hell outta here!
My Brother Better Sit The Fuck Down Before I Go Ham On His Ass...
Awesome to meet you last night at the rackspace party.
It was awesome!
Albert or miggy?
Thanks for following !
We just had Red Velvet Sunday last week at Will be visiting MIA location soon!
GO !
99Problems is 6 on iTunes singles right now!!
Moving on UP!
Also, I will be glad to give a recommendation so look for it this Sunday.
The too many P's was too funny.
I didn't even realize it.
Watching captainin America did not make me tear up.
Nope.
Didn't happen.
Did.
Not.
Happen.
That's my story, and I'm sticking to it.
black opaque 30min.
Tops
57 of shoppers more likely to purchase on a site that shows their friends who have purchased on that site.
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend in the world.
You mean the world to me I love you baby
music nerds unite!
I need you to follow our site so I can communicate with you.
Thanks!
Wow 21jumpstreet was some funny shit!!
goingtobed with pain from laughin too much!!:
Crime rates continue to fall in many countries, including the United States.
Tonight is the Oklahoma Humanities Awards!
It's going to be a great evening celebrating so many worthy individuals  institutions in OK.
same thing happened to us.
We went across the street, paid the guy working there 40, filled up his pickup and he doctorve it in
Ok ill send you one of my short comedy videos
Wrist brace, yoga mat, groceries, now off to pick up repaired laptop.
When the fuck did I become such a cliche?
What television channel can you watch tonights's NYRB/RSL game on Time Warner Cable in Manhattan?
thank you for the retweets back in LA soon can't wait to hang!
I kind of want to do a flash mob in four parts outside the school HAHA im crazy
SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS, FINALLY REACHED 1000 FOLLOWERS!
LETS GET THIS SHIT POPPIN.
Thanks for the follow checkout
Looks like the money management pros are fully invested mow for the month and the quarter.
The bear lives
Graduation Day.
Henceforth, you may refer to me as Master Trout.
if u don't let that 57 cents go!!!
LOL
Hm, this just proves she isn't wired up right!!!
let me kiss you on your Stomach then work my way down south
lol don't start with me
Your jersey and poster are framed in my room.
U r the perfect NFL player, no problems and come to kick butt everyday.
God bless
Thanks!
We need 2 come see u for a massage!
RT : FF the perfect place to grab a post spa treat on a day like today
How can they remake Arthur?
Rand Paul is a piece of shit!
Who likes my tweets???
D:
you make me laugh so uncontrolably all the time.!
I love you, BooBear!
Hair cuts...always hit or miss.
Fingers crossed, here goes nothing
Only 4 hours to and at the KiMo!
pineapple is in like the top 3 for pizza toppings, are your people crazy?
lol
Getting ready to open the studio for today's art sale  some great deals here on original paintings!
my house has a veranda, does yours?
oh the things my little cousin says to other kids on the playground.
Easy way to get a girlfriend.
Hire your friend to steal a girl's purse.
Pretend to beat your friend and bring purse back to girl
Pool time was awesome!
Then some friends of ours sent me a present.
Tears.....love our bandit family
My son with aspergers wants a girlfriend.
How do I go about this?
....
Tip: if you talk to me when you're doctornk and I'm sober, I'll probably hate you
Tears are words the heart cant express
: IfIHitTheLoto i'm buying a baseball franchise, the brewers.
no way attanasio sells them..
:
I wish Carrie Bradshaw was a real person.
SATC 
God help us for we are weak in that some of us can't tell what's right and wrong, fiction from reality.
Please consider donating to the MACC Fund through my run in the BrewersMini.
Such a great cause.
Let's help the childoctorn...
The Ravens are going to be a very different team in 2012
Damn.
Im old ..
it's like a gayer version of Cheers.
Worth it.
haha it was not a good morning but then I went to yoga and I'm all good haha
if u have a smartphone u can download the kindle app and access all your books from there.
;
I was not aware I am friends with such a powerful individual.
LIES!
RT : I'm here talking with the organizers  everyone's packing up and going home.
Event cancelled.
:
Confession 3: I like this boyy..
He's niccceee.
He's weeeeirrrddd.
GRAND..
and he has BLUE EYES.3 dkfjajaejojimcdflse
: who's your favorite among the remaining contestant?
:
Thanks for checking da music, was a helluva fun night!!
Idaho: Kenny McGowen buried a 3pointer at the buzzer to give Idaho State a 6462 win at Holt Arena on Saturday, burying Weber State's...
did Selena  justin break up?
Thats what this girl is tellin me.
idkk.
Whoever tells me gets a shoutout
Thank you for checking in, Josh!
How was your night with us?
The Year Of Fear Begins Tomorrow Night At 7pm
help making it all happen :
I love every bone in your body
i love that show he is cute
so so so
man screw Kobe and every foreign nigga on that team he ever been butt buddies with...
Hey T!
Actually, it is the opposite, it always perks me up!
I am doing ok, got a call, he does not GET IT!
But he will.
M
it's fun right?
Well done, and something special for Downtown I'm glad you agree!
xoxo
why is swedish shit better?
tv selling the Swedish diet.
What it do: 2 doctornks a day.
Yeah because swedish people don't eat ya kno?!
LOL
how u doin
Ut oh!...
Now I know nothin is going to get done!
LOL At least you have fun with Karen!
Thanks for showing me one of the best stores in the world tonight!
I spiked your coffee
Im the Pussy monster so throw the pussy at me
Oh, Bobby V.
played the Bill Buckner card after ARod let a doctorbler through the 5hole
Join us tomorrow evening for a campaign phone bank!5:00pm to 8:00pm at 2912 N.
MacArthur Blvd.
Email for details.
Who are you supporting in today's FA Cup Final?
That is SERIOUS CUTENESS.
I think you are sexier than socks on a rooster
I'm liking my 81 chances
negativeI hit the gym bro,im nt lzyi don need to gain muscle lmao im losin10lbs bt i kno how to do that already Thnks tho
Lawl.
I'm bored.
Oh my god its perfect!
Ordered, overnight shipping
: Cry Sweet tears of Joy!
Oh!
and Slipp him my number lol
get that nappy shit cut
you wouldn't happen to know if the outline was due at the end of class tomorrow, would you?
SO THE 76ERS ARE REALLY STUPID.

Thanks for the advice!
I'll take a look in those directions.
AUTHOR'S NOTE: This account does not astrotweet.
All stevekingisms are real, sadly.
baking chocolate cookies, while being pardoned by the Twitter Big Brother, and be unlocked , regards to All there,
Very busy week !
As we prepare for the Holidays  welcome a NewYear, let's remember the greatest gift is giving from the heart.
oh holy heck  I only just discovered Google Art Project  as I was trying to go to bed tonight  more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye
Following us on twitter?
Be sure to like us on
well, I AM a slacker!
; I'll start uploading again very very soon!!
Promise!
off to wrk

Alan, how is everything going??
Congrats on getting the Lone Star Challenge certified.
Looking forward to a great tourney
Done working out time to go home shower, eat nd sleep cause I'm still sick nd feel like shit
Thanks Aidy.
Don't know much about Klout.
Have to check it out when I have more time....OMG another app to figure out!!
RT : now seriously craving a DD coffee
Did you make a new friend today?
Time to make that paper :
I voted for you babe.
I love you 3
My condolences to your hair.
: How did it die?
I hope this is for the best of us.
Just caught a huge flurry of major
Thanks for keeping our stars and stripes souring high!
Veterans day content posted now in 'Sweepers'
very dissapointed in my room
Enuf w/ the neck scarves when it's not cold.
A year a go it made u look cool like a bohemian French artist, and now it just means u watch tv
Movies to go see Think Like a Man :
The triple Cs epidemic ohh and that Friday that mad ppl went to jail or got in trouble for doctorgs...
shit was real
Just call me Kenneth Toilethole.
NO!
JUST CHOCOLATE!

RT : Jesus became what we were so that we could become what He is.
is headed to for doctornks after work to check out Chicago's newest hotel!
haha cant wait to hear them!
:
where the heck r u??
1st contestant is Andoctor McCoy of Wheatley SPI who developed a small handsized wipe that detects explosive material
TY for the mention!
not yet, ill check em out for sure, thank you so much!
Waitin on session 2 to start, guess ill work on a beat...
Currently composed for the video game RAGE for id software.
Wake up in class, read my TL.
Go back to sleep.
follow back
Yes Im a Belieber  im crying Because is amazing and i luff him to death.
Shut up Im a girl so i can cry about these things.
I went negative 1,000 by going to vegas...
its all good though.
Crazy, isn't it?
Great I think my computer froze .
You have really good tweets!
Would you happen to be a good writer?
wnet from havin jus too much fun one day..
to no fun at al;l
I Looovveee You ;
: Surround yourself with people who will uplift you.
Yup, he's still whoring on twitter...nothing's changed 
Lord, Please humble me today.
Teach me not to judge, because judgment in my heart, limits your work.
I Left Mines At The Store
date number 2 tonight.
my god, im being spoiled in a way.
lmao!
I was kinda nervous at 1st when they was down 8 in the 4th.
I was gonna go home and kiss my hyperfuses good bye lmao
great promo but how did you make those pumpkins?
At least it's not a foot of snow a week before the election:
1 we have approximately 700 million major renovation mister and repair backlog.
Current bond to pay approximately 500 million.
You aint never lied.
Good point!
RT In response to your questions on Veloster availability, they'll begin arriving in Hyundai dealerships in the first half of Sept.
Fuckk this the gerbil is sleeping
We will have some big announcements coming soon!!
How about local music scene or summer festivals?
We'd put Lolla and street fests against any city.
give me a buzz 9157274445 hope you're able to help re: previous tweet.
All the best!
Alright.
So, I'm supposed to hear back from the Colorado Improv Festival today as to wether or not I got in.
The waiting is killing me!
sitting here thinking that i got it made most people dont have the stuff i have so im grateful thank you jesus
and I would love to chat about your SEO needs.
We do training or contract work, both architecture and backlinks.
LMK
Baby Hang Ova
Thanks so much for the continued shout outs, we truly appreciate it!!
Have a great weekend.
can someone please press the mute button on jeff van gundy...
Who wants to go to lunch with me?
Dipping out soon get at me
Anybody know the SPAC presale?
I will buy you beers at the show!
I procrastinated again PHISH Summer Tour!
Thank you!!
It's an honor!
no I'm gaining so much weight kms
I'd like to be, everything you want 3
Verily.
: I'd like to point out that long before Mad Men, there was almost every single character in the Old Testament.
happy easter ; how are you ??;
Taking our little Brother to see Santa Today at the Mall starting at 6.
Lots of FUN!
Anyone else going???
Anyone else notice Bart' Simpson's Hair is his skin.
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
Ron Paul scares me.
Thanks as always to our pal for talking some NBA playoffs with We're taking calls the rest of the way.
Let's go!
Jessy from Breaking Bad is hanging out at the bar.
Maybe the rapture did go down.
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
Pretty Boy Floyd is looking a bit bloody
May 8,1932: Churchill made his first radio broadcast to the US appealing for joint AngloAmerican monetary policy.
Info on seafood festival or getting involved with softshell crab distribution and/or consumption?
Idk where the hell i was then.
Ha
Got my review copy of Bart Giamatti's Take Time for Paradise, thanks to
Hope that is doing well and that his comedy show will still be on in NJ in January!
Holy sh!t!
Ben Vereen is seeing you should, too!
8pm tonight and tomorrow, open fist theatre in hollywood!
She want's to see on jun 1st, I might.....keep her happy..
Closed SHORT USDCHF for 18 pips professort; 6 of the community volume is trading the USDCHF with sentiment 80 SHORT
Funny, we say that about Maryland doctorvers.
haa!
Dang, I didn't think you'd catch me for those last two!
Naw, that's funny though.
Occupy protesters have latched on to the 99 moniker because it is a statistical number that appears very infrequently
So sleep deprived.
Goodnight.
how cou;d it be real if its not biblical
Lil bitch ass bitch :
Not yet?
Okay fine
Tired of waiting.
Either you coming or not.
I don't wait for nobody but myself.
Connection directly to the owner of this Kondo into the lease Panama City is the whip of region the state of Florida lease by ow :
Fried chicken, seriously let's do this.
how is CKHS doing in their sports???
:
I did meant tomorrow night.
Just one of those weeks...
It's a beautiful sunny cool day in mid tenn
We finished packing up our trucks this morning and their on their way to Orlando for the IAAPA show.
It's almost here!
GASP!
A lady on the internets?
SURELY NOT
Why is dubstep so awesome
I think this is punishment for your gloating about nice weather a few weeks back.
Favorite album in the past 2 years....POST BELOW.
The first duty of love  is to listen Paul Tillich
My body hurts as if somebody beat me up with a pole and ran me over with their car.
Omg im so down!
Itll be our goal for the summer
And it was that introduced me to wiggio.
LOVE LOVE:D
You know, just hiding behind a pillow while and watch Woman in Black.
idk but it starts at 6 30 and we step last
we're probably gonna see each other!
Please ensure you and your family stay safe and prepare for Hurricane Irene.
www.MarylandTopLawyers.com
Preparing to pray the Rosary for peace.
hey you said it not me aha
Does annoying album names Just doing me  Simple me
Brennan's in Marina Del Rey tonight!
I think its cute when a guy walks me to class, but when he wants to do it all the time..
FUCK it gets annoying
CO representing at flatirons DBM: RT : Both Colorado US Senators will speak at flatirons.
Very impressive.
San Diego, CA, 92123
good luck!
Thank you for your support!
Our of all my tweets, for some reason, u had to pick that one to favorite
im ballin out on every level.
Ya i knooowww: Aint it adorable: Im so creative:
Just returned from a productive trip to DC to visit HQ.
Thanks yes, they did.
in her lane?
He just saying, I Can Do Better
Merry Presidents' Day!
I want new friends:
Vangaurd High School has 25 valedictorians!
That sounds like a really long graduation.
Kudos to all of them though!
kudos!
Dedicated glutenfree buns  options  dedicated French Fryer  Wilmington, DE Thanks!
Whenever you like baby doll, after 5:20pm.
lol, I like that one.
We have to link up soon.
Miss yall!
will do bud
This guy think he's funny right nowim so not amusedlol
I wore a scarf to bed and I been wearing it all day..
My parents probably think I have a hickie 
: good luck to aka miss always on time in the wpt today  best nickname ever!
Haha thank you, thank you.
I try to be twitter fresh.
doesn't deserve a picture...
If you want me to follow you just ask!
Shooting three spots in the next three weeks!
Calm down.; Sorry, I had to.
: it be like that sometimes eh?
How long until packers pick?
I am at the hospital for my physical examination and doctorg test  i just remembered I Forgot to put on lotion .
Ctfu
Article: Patterns for collaborative work in health care teams
Played Trine last night.
Steam had this great deal about a week ago so I played it.
My son and enjoyed it.
saw a great game, eh?
ifyouonlyknew how much I hate when People Follow me, then UNfollow.
You're wasting ur time cuz i'll UNFOLLOW you back!
is giving away free copies of his CD
You crusty nigga
Truth: is one super awesome dude.
Thanks for being my host in Austin this week for railsconf and bohconf!
Thanks for the shoutout!
thank you.
love the yomastercard.com will try the affiliate program.
love it for college and well these economic times
cant aait until ur first ever performance of skyscraper :
You can't change your circumstances or anyone elses, but you can change your attitude and influence the perspective of others.
Funny, how the talent at Carson Dunn Media is off the chain!!!
Mt staff keeps getting better.
If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck.
this week went by fast
I was hoping Jericho or orton would win the rumble but, I don't mind Sheamus winning it :
Kim hiked Manitou Incline for the first time.
NO soreness  all the next few days.
Thanks Quick Gym she said www.quickgymcs.com
Milwaukee weather peaks and everyone walking on the street is your new best friend.
Had fun today at The Tonight Show w/ Jay Leno.....
Hey, , stop that fallsing to sly remaks!
helc12 Attending Useful Apps for Classroom  On the Go.
Hope to find some to share with faculty!
thank you for updating your desktop doctorver compatible to Lion operating system.
ComeGetYourSpuds !!
and.
Enter to win 100 gift card and other prizes...
Sun, fun .., and spuds !!!
That touchdown just got me in the mood lol
dead Elvis
hey don't I know you ;
PackerNation will miss you too Nick!!!
Bring a friend to Other Lives at Amoeba Hollywood at 7pm.
1st to find me after the show gets a Radiohead In Rainbows discbox.
Congratulations on the announcement of your child to you and your wife.
yes yes u do
I like cheese!
content curation is key
I can't do apps unless they are facebook.
Sadly only my son has a smart phone,and iPad.
I have dial up internet  tracfone.
Just you wait.
Management has plans for other locations, some of them 24 hours.
Oh man, should I make pie, too??????
Been a while right?
: Shouldn't you be telling people where you are or being mayor of someplace?
:
RT : RT this if you want me to follow you :
Good luck Mangia Fans there will be a Lucky winner today!!!
Can you say Pasta!!
Also loved ur Paris photos on BB Photog.
Was there May  can't wait 2 go bck.
U will b n primtime or movies soon
Thank you RT : Cheers to the people who rep Maryland wherever they go in life!
I take it you had a good burns night.
On our way back to New York!
We had a great time in Pittsburgh...the guy checking bus tickets was a tw!t though.
jt
Thanks for the RT, Have you made it to any events?
Big meech your candy empire is going to crumble while your suspended
And on the 7th day God created Tom Brady.
Patriots  TebowTime 
That pooch doesn't know what he's missing!
Well, neither do I technically..
But still!
:
Merry New Year!
Awesome news to hear !
Thanks so much for retweet :
w/ Hightower back due you anticipate a rotation change?
Helu blossomed, think Hightower would serve better as a 3rd down rb?
its mothers day..you gotta cook for her.lol
I 7hink I know who you've been 7alking to.
I couldn't find you on Facebook.
Does chemjobber man gasp NOT have one?!
OH SHIT!
Thanks!
Possibly ha, send me some stuff
I swear im just too cool...
that's why im in TeamCORAHN , WeirdoGang ,and
Don't forget about Austin :
...
i'm not sure what you're asking about...
a nap after coffee  talent.
garage on my car x2  a lack thereof.
:
MT : Good examples of films made FOR Latino/ Hispanic Amer youth?
Putting together syllabus Teenpics  Am.
Youth Culture...
Student panel at the event today said instructor feedback is the most important factor in their online courses.
Uhm .
Like In 1:43 Around There When They Stop .
Emporio says, Getting ready to hit Scottsdale for the night..
Gonna be doin the old town tour so if your out n wanna meet up hit me up!
Indy Reads Reading Coach Training this Wednesday and Thursday at the Indy Reads office from 69 p.m.
Call 2754040 to sign up!
RT if you think that Brewers OpeningDay should be a paid holiday!
Come in for our Braun special: 8 for 2 Hot Dogs, chips  a Miller Lite!
well keep cranking!
And feel free to update your progress Amy time!
Support always helps!!!
We are going to see ya'll next week.
A bit too chilly, windy, etc.
for our liking.
You?...love it.
Beautiful...serene...fantastic composition.
On the phone w 8 year old niece when Grandy hit that.
She was telling me about her report on Lou Gehrig  got very excited.
BoiseSOC Bieter: A livable city is one that innovates.
we're gonna be crawling home lmfaoo I see it now !!
As if .....: Could have doctorft order implications if STL wins...RT : Steelers will start Batch against Rams
pray 4 u in unity...and let the.
Lord cont.
To bless u and ur family...and stay strong...
Yes!
So excited!
RT : can't wait to have you visit this Thursday!
hahaha!!!
hmm to the rest of the world this is nonsense, but to us, we get it vitametavegimen ;
your acount is private, and I can't RT you: but good morning :
I Wanna Get A Half Sleeve With Some Kinda Metal Mulisha In There...
Any Ideas??
Is that a sock?
Full of buttah?
Summer is over :/ I'm going to schooltomorrow :P
I noticed you P
Six car were stolen from in one morning, in Carlsbad.
Sometimes, the cars' windows were smashed.
Sometimes, the cars were already unlocked.
At central office for Milwaukee Suceeds mtg w/ Looking forward to this collaborative work!
So way is it storming!
how you know!?
You wasn't around back then
Cuz it seems like u and that chucky person bond pretty well
Just in case you missed it
they're grey for sure but everytime I hear the name redbox I think CRAP!
LOL
damn right I did
Props to NC State, but those last two set plays are on the coach.
Horribly doctorwnup plays.
Giving Back Magazine is proud to have just become a member of the San Diego Regional Chamber of Commerce!
USN ADM Willard just retired  warned that NK's arsenal is now in the hands of an untested 29 year old.
Fair winds  following seas  JDG
there she is!
What she order?
Spinning tonight!
It's gonna be insane..
forget the recovery party ;
FEEL BETTER
Lol we do what we can, Fordy
exactly.
I think even most selfvalidated woman can appreciate that.
Damn Junior Seau just died.
Sad
but what of those who've already seen Sherlock, through albeit illicit means?
Per Harvard, selfdisclosing here pokes the same pleasurereceptors as eating, fucking  getting money.
Thanks for the follow, Monty.
Great to be connected with you!
B12 is a concern if you're not eating any animal products, but a supplement can fill that gap.
Most ppl don't....
Long and stressful day at work?
Need a doctornk?
Come to La Cofradia for Happy Hour we have what you need
Delicious soup and specials.
Come in for some Holiday cheer.
I have that and tweetcaster, and like tweetcaster better.
Ubersocial used to be better, but no longer
Met some amazing people at the emerald coast songwriters festival last night.
Looking forward to playing again tonight!
Sunday.
Already?
is my favorite, speaks his mind without hesitation!
GO SKIP!
I need a place to stay for the night.
If anyone can help out let me know.
omgzzzz peeta!!
Miss that movie date
go Rams!
Why does the girl in Metropolis keep grabbing her own boob?
thanks for the follow, look forward to your informative tweets.
As a King grad and MPS supporter I'm happy to hear James Causey defending our students.
I think I've heard enough, I'm down lol!
Storebought happiness never cuts it.
Had no idea Shane Battier was still in the league shrugs basketball ain't been the same for me
ff music and comedy everyone should hear!
RJ And The Assignment will be performing  Aliante Station in Las Vegas for Regina Archie's private holiday event 12/17
well if you want 100 percent i reccommend you do 50.
45 will only get you a 90
Scanner monitor: Possible fire at Dartmouth Elementary.
School is unoccupied but smelling odor from the furnace after a loud noise.
im bored
Nah.
That's the other one.
Gustafson, maybe?
cool.
Let me know when you do and i will be sure to check it out.
The Kaiser has a lot of work to do, later.
lol yes!!
I remember buying the Phoenix Night's box set VCR and that was in 2002!
It's funny how recently technology has just
OH: People love blogs.
Fun as always!' RT : Thanks again for Another great Foodiechats Did you have fun?
Hey!
follow back please:
I know Albert Einstein said, The only source of knowledge is experience.
but I don't think sleeping with everyone is what he had in mind.
Tonight on MPTV 36, smallscreen historical costume doctormas are celebrated from the past 50 years.
At 9PM.
IMMEDIATE JOB OPENING!
Financial Analyst in the Rochester, MN area.
Please contact me ASAP.
Advanced Excel skills needed.
5072859270 25/
Celebrate loving memories that shine bright as a star
my word is law
congratulations, poacher!
New Phone;
I want a burger off the grill w a potato bun  some mustard!
Yum
SPEAK NOW OR SHUT THE HE UP
'twas a pleasure and an absolute honor!
Nevermind...just found it!
haha.
Thanks so much 
I am leaving here right at 5:30 damn it.
lets have a non gay bromance ;
Thank you so so so much.
33
Switched it up cute hair :
NEW MUSIC ON THE WAY FROM YGMHM BE ON THE LOOK OUT!!
If parents could only realize how they bore their childoctorn!
lol I miss high school.
Everything was easy.
: omg, GIRLS do any of them have Asian friends as girls?
or as girlfriends?????!!!
Tweeting random stuff cause yolo :
you're way more interesting in person.
3
don't care what anyone says, man vs.
wild freakin owns
Thanks for the follow!
I hope the weekend has treated you well!
Im just trying to have fun, but people and school always ruin that

Grow up but don't give up I wonder if midgets give up on growing up.
You have his number?!;D
yeah and what about the critical thinking skills?
Watch: Tune into Greater Boston to catch an interview with FUEL founder Bob Hildoctorth!
I really know who my bestfriends are when shit goes down
Ask yourself..
Are you living??
Or just existing...
ooc; Awh, did your little master see our convo?
you don't want to go.
Your a Nets fan.
Lol.
BREAKING: Tebow reported to retire and join cast of TheVoice on NBC
Ever seen the bottom of an Avatar's foot?
Wham!
it's not the cornbread it's the everything else thank you very much lls
You left me, just when I needed you most.
Thanks for RTing us!
Happy Friday.
1.17.2012 our smallbizpgh twitterchat!
Join us to network and share resources.
FREE  Forbes Magazine Ranks our Guest in TOP 20 in USA
Christmas isn't the same..
I'll meet you halfway, meet in Nebraska?
Kansas?
of course:
i hear u.
as long as he keeps cracking jokes on tv!
I love my whole cast Union Square!!!!
they say the kid is alright..and this is how much black we found !
:P but it was just all in the kids head ..haha : P
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!, awe you remembered my birthday :D  no......
Facebook reminded me 
More scouting today for an awesome upcoming project with Good day.
How about we take it back 25 years.
yes it does!!!
Good Luck!!
Congrats!
I'm about 20 rows behind you ...
see you at the next ceremony :
Every morning I wake up to a construction sound banging on my eardoctorms but the weather's too beatiful to complain.
Maybe life is like that.
Though it's not recognized by the State of Texas, 500 belly pts at gets you adopted as part of the family; photoshoot et al.
Austin has a girlfriend ?!
D;
Power Tower  Roosevelt University  Schaumburg Campus  Student Center.
Enjoy!
A huge thanks to for being our 1000th facebook like!
:D
ThingsIwantMost a log cabin and a bunch of forest animal friends to gather my nuts and berries
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
tonight going to houghs...
you?
Save it for next Sat!
Sentence lost at a political ad factory, answers to: Theyre circus mirrors, reflecting back our grotesque delight in money illspent.
I'm about to have so many babies
Finally getting some rest today what a whirl wind of shows and lectures last week.
it all starts over again in a couple of days!
Thx for stopping in!
Hope you enjoyed the grub and the show.
Dear Internet, celebrate 's birthday by giving her a job in DC.
Then I get a present as well!
To the weedy front garden!
Dude, Chris called me and told me that everyone will go to Edward's party.
It's at 10, he told me to invite you!
good night :
I feel like hoopin
burpees with pushup, pull ups and toe touches
OH : Editor 1: I like pickles, I like lettuce...
uh...
Editor 2: Meow mix meow mix please deliver?
There is something powerful that happens when we simply persevere in the things of God; when we keep looking forward and refuse to look back
Friday food porn: Vegetable love
spam email with a malicious virus from a source claiming to be the Better Business Bureau.
Don't open it!
I won't.
Seriously.
These doctors straight thirsty boa I tell you.
We're the only suite in the whole fucking building that's gone be open...smfh
who, in the days of Ali/Frazier/Cosell, would've thought the future best active boxers war of words would be about gay marriage?
How many times will the world ask for a ceasefire in a onesided conflict?
Tell them to stop killings  give them consequences NOW.
I'm moving back haha
DOUBLE D WEDNESDAY TONIGHT!!
THE FUN STARTS at 8PM!!
GIDDY UP!!
It's 11:11 make a wish and make a wish and SAY SOMETHIN!!
if life gives you lemons, make lemonade money together and buy all CD SELENA GOMEZ: D    
The sun might be fleeting, but a waffle is always golden and warm!
RT : It is my fav!
1 of Cincy's best places!
I spent most of my childhood there lol So fun!
thanks for the rt
Some say the secret to a happy relationship is separate bathrooms.
Those people have never tried PooPourri.
Keep it in your purse ladies!
Got a little nerdy last night with   totally new, sick, geeky talk heading your way!
doing for what?
congratulations on the breast cancer survivor ...
I have no clue how I got to you page....but something led me here....
what are they gonna say when Patriots get bounced from playoffs by Ravens AGAIN????
Joe will throw more TD's than Tom.
I hope I cross your mind every once in awhile, so that I won't feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time.
Mqn sick wit da flu is some ugly shit real talk.
thank you for the mention!
Wow.
I haven't tweeted since August 1?
hahahaha you're the only one who uses oomf it's cute.
It's the magic of risking EVERYTHING for a doctoram that nobody sees but you.
Million Dollar Baby
you're not gonna get your kind of gossip from my twitter lol.
We are less than 5 minutes away from News in the Morning.
Tune In!
Hmm what to do on my day off.
Too early for anything..
I love how MJ watched the blackhawks last night and his Cubs tonight.
But, his Bobcats, the worst in the NBA, need him to suit up!!
isnt that the fibonacci sequence of buses ?
looking forward to finishing my kitchen this weekend and a good weekend of PSU and Falcons football
I smoke too many blunts in a day...
I think I want everything on the menu.
My pulse at the moment : 
a Happy Thanksgiving to you and you family as well.
Stan
Our mini bad beat of 500 for any full house beaten hit 3 times last weekend!
Over/Under for this weekend?
Using Prezi to design a presentation for an upcoming creative writing class.
I like it!
doctornking margaritas and planning my future wedding.
TSM?
almost done with laundoctor....finally I can have doctornk!
lol
when are you coming back to ATL!?!?
cable12 RT : Hey, critics/journos/media/PR peeps: Anyone coming to NCTA in Boston in a few weeks?
Let me know!
This bus sucks!
Ready for a nap!
follow me
It's Thursday!
Who's stopping in for a Guinness after Jazz in the Park?
Seane Corn  self realization is important when interacting online.
See the web as a mirror and act accordingly
Whats your favorite song to run to?
good luck with your presentation!
where u been?
Thanks for sharing!
Hope you found it interesting!
Next speech trainers event: PESL Certification in Plainview, NY  Dec 45, 2010.
Marketing Essentials on Dec 6.
www.800language.com
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Mushroom and Carrot Ginger.
Sugar free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
Firstly, your aptitude for gaming is graciously rewarded by a generous compensation
For most men, yes, being nice to a person means they wanna sleep with them.
No, it ain't good but that's how most men are.
Nice bitch foul bynum
awesome stay , only dissapointment is having to find another hotel for Saturday night.
This is a must stay hotel, class act
Adele is the best!
I love her!
Nashville is coming to Atlanta tomorrow for a meeting.
I'm excited.
:
Shelly will be going home next week!
Studying snacks tonight are saltines and sunchips.
Maybe an icecreamsandwich later.
Thoughts or suggestions?
Vegas night out w/ friends!
then to the fun, fun, fun'
Tonight at the pit, everyone gets laid.
RT : A happy family is but an earlier heaven.
George Bernard Shaw
hahahahaha OMG your tweet.
I can't breathe.
dead
Spoelstra is a good coach...but if pat riley was coachin we wouldnt loose games like these
Why was everyone making fun of for her weight?
She was still super cute!
Nice.
I'd love to see a Librarywide signage type project.
Found out today that many of my friends honored the passing of St Valentine and spent last night getting stoned.
oh my gosh.
Don't forget Mother's Day is Sunday, May 13th!
How are you celebrating?
Alot of stuff
My kids made more money than me today?
I'm not even mad at em.
On snap...BrockLesnar is back....dope lol
i saw 'union' and 'SoB' and assumed it was about soccer
Ryan Tannehill chosen as Miami Dolphins1st round pick of 2012 NFL doctorft
If I was your everything you'd fight for me..
But you didn't, and aren't going to, so I will depart from our path.
Obviously turned on for postgame.
NBC coverage makes me want to poke my eyes out
thank you for helping me to picture a week of abundance, not mediocrity.
make a video of you nd send it to me im making the video to i will never stop im getting on tv sis
Shadow of a Doubt arrived with a crack; Miller's Crossing with scratches.
Are Netflix discs worse now?
Unless you believe, you will not understand.
Great.
24 is a parking lot.
I love these things!
RT Do pregnant women know about the delicious Take 5 candy bar?
Pretzel, peanut butter and chocolate.
Feeling lucky to work at a company that considers St.
Patrick's Day a holiday.
Oded Meyer describing Carnegie Mellon's Open Learning Initiative  standalone online courses.

thanks so much for posting this.
I'm going to post it on my site!
I haven't been taking steroids??:O
my guess, going by the recent brewers trend, torn acl  out for the season
haha will to reveal your real age?
We're seeing lots of local winery check ins today.
Maybe we'll see some wine fueled matches on Wingman!
same!!!
And im still going to bed early
An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered.
Gilbert K.
Chesterton
agreed.
Make it great
that or they're actually planning to move RG3 to WR/KR!
Sneaky!
u sound like me lol
Just yesterday around this time, we were still in dallas waiting for our flight  haha
Want to carpool to Coachella?
Post an ad on Antengo and find people in your area to ride with!
I can watch the UNC game on after this as well.
Insight blocked it?
Good call guys...
is up for the first ever Goldschlager cleanse...
Any other takers out there?
?
HeartShaped Meatloaf for Valentine's Day Dinner This adorable heart shaped meatloaf recipe makes a perfect Valentine's Day dinner for th
Learned that both Ida B.
Wells and WEB Du Bois were gun owners and suggested that other African Americans arm themselves as well.
i wish i could: right when you get home im going to lick you.
dont worry.
its gonna be all wet and slimy : haha
I still need to make it to toteonturf and can't wait for some Moet!
RT :
can today please be over already
Let's GO Mariners!
you saw i was jk, right?
:
Red lobster wen i get off
so you'll be in owensboro from wensday to Monday?
Head on!
Apply directly to the forehead
Cloud nine
movie or kinect?
who should we ask
HP management is smoking dope.
Why is Autonomy better than their existing core business?
They are beating Dell in the enterprise these days.
Whatchuuu talking about?!
You've always been cool!
Apple's iOS 4.3 Beta 3 Offers New Tools, Honeycomb Competition
Soo nice outside in downtown Bellevue!
I just wanna get out of the office and hang out in the sun...
ThingsMyMotherSays I will always love you
RT : Artists lets work some records!
Holla at me!
Serious Inquiries only!
RT
Go follow He has made some of the Sickest guitar pedals anyone can make!
I personally have the TUA and it is killer!
absolutely love that blogpost, Mike..seeing a troubling overreliance on data and analytics in business today
HELLO MY DARLING!
I never get upset when ppl text or call me constantly bc it shows me who really wants to talk to me
Haven't been in a mall in a very long time; now stuck in a really bad one.
Waiting for kids to get out of a movie.
Seems like the best way to get SuperBowl ad publicity is to get banned or say you are not advertising.
to my dude u got a spam!
Whole Foods Market Milwaukee is donating 5 of all proceeds earned on June 21st to MKE Habitat.
Head over that day to show your support!
A6: It's not like it would be completely new to US.
NASCAR, Golf, etc.
Fans would adjust to it
: Really wish my Twitter came with an NBA filter..
Couldn't agree more, thought about unfollowing everyone till its over...
just ran into kevin coval at an event in the city.
Talked him into coming in april!
:
: See u at the open house Sun.??
We have to catch up!
UK most investors keen on Alternatives claims A  PRLog
RETWEET this  follow for a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the NFLdoctorft on Thursday!
I would say this is an early morning for me  but then I would feel guilty with all you 95ers.
you can't poke fun in one line and bitch out on the next.
; Happy Friday!
How are you?
Got a record for you bro.
Need ya email
we joined you in having too many beers.
I was the mayor of Learys, how did you know?
How was the test?
Got your voicemail, thanks so much.
Looking forward to the big day tomorrow!
Call if you need anything.
Follow my tweets , interact, holla at me
Anyone going to Covington tomorrow to see the boys?
I am!
hahaha yep!
So whatcha up to??
not in my top 2 tho
Welcome to Pretty Good with Words, the Podcast.
Good Times.
BTW, how is Tejas?
Sounds like things are going well?
that shyt go hard...up went in
Thank you!
We'd love to see you here.
Just Keep in mind that Self Made is NOT the final final version!
We just wanted to put it out so that you all can hear!
: Enjoy!
uh ya
Fighting a cold all week long with no sleep has led me to this awesome friday of never leaving my bed.
RT : RT : Urban myth re: puts sugar on their fries  lettuce to make it addictive.
NOT TRUE!
blogher11
Hey, question.
Do you have updates to that awesome 'moving the needle' prez you gave in Boston last year?
If so, can you share?
FANTASTIC CLASSES this week!!
THANKS to my all my students at AACS, Albany Salsa, Capital Region Arts Center  Albany Senior Services!
XO :
joining the likes of Al Harris and Brady Poppinga as Packers turned Rams
RT : UPDATE: Officials tell they believe 2nd shooting victim at Virginia Tech was the gunman...
About the be?
Related: Nate Bush is pouring us shots.
oh, very much a Dave's topic :D Sounds really interesting, I'm sure it will be great
If you can doctoram it, you can do it.
Walt Disney
Congrats to and Team Dublin for making over 500 calls tonight!
It's spelled Juneau haha :
The best of all governments is that which teaches us to govern ourselves.
This is the best thing that happened today
Come up with good content and you can get RT's, too.
I deserve a break today.
What is up w the pink support hoes on Cotto?
I'm running after the thing that really matters
Wittman says she's terrified of questions
Time tah get my tweets up
We love you!
I hate bullshit.
Flatbread: Grilled Chicken w/ red peppers, red onion, cilantro, provel  chipotle aioli Soups: Smoked Tomato Leek or Cantaloup  Apple
I stay..
You're unhappy.
I leave...
Still not happy.
Happy BDay to two of my awesome coworkers and !
thts so exciting!!
i love both of you so it would sound amazing!!
Blame it upon a rush of blood to the head.
Hope all my Dallas friends are staying safe!
The District's Special Olympics has been canceled b/c of bad weather.
Events have been rescheduled for March 20  21.
Hella props to the person who had sex to silence.
Awesome S/O on CC250 by I know I would 
They gather in a generic suburban office park, workingclass students chasing a fast track to success: a college degree.
I dig this old spice champion commercial, but I would never break up with heather graham lol
Hahaha and her road rage.
Ready ...
RT : Get ready for deluge of tweets, I've been out of pocket all day and a ton of stuff happened...
get some horrible cough sweets?
See if they help?
Have fun on your dig!x
You people aren't updating fast enough for my wandering mind.
My real niggas know what I told em about these Thunder I ain't gon mention it online i'll jus wait til our day comes
Tuesday, May 3: Interblink Interval Patterns in doctor Eye and Normal Subjects from 3:455:30PM.
Aw!
Yellowbrickroad is streaming on netflix now too.
Crazyville.
Fresh blueberries  macadamia nuts.
An exquisite snack pairing.
listening to and LOVING IT!
Awesome voice  soulful lyrics.
Great music.
It's an exciting final day of MLB.
4 teams, 2 spots, and 1 massive case of angina for their fans.....
On the road
I'm sorry
She is a girl not a puppy, you are her boyfriend not her owner.
I suck!
like this post if you want to win some Denver Browns Baseball SWAG and comment telling us why you deserve some free SWAG!!
Staying at the tonight?
Hop across the street for the Indianapolis Indians Baseball Game at Victory Field at 7:05pm.
I really wanna watch the Lion King but it just doesn't seem right without or
Glad to know you are okay, and the family you assisted are okay as well.
Exactly.
Fleshy.
And not in a good way.
In a toomuchbeerandtoomanyFunions kinda way, now with added sweat.
Getting ready to embark on a crosscountry journey with There will be so much Justin Bieber.
And coffee.
I choked on a lifesaver.
Oh, the irony.
RT : Exciting convos re parity gender/POC re writers.
Can we expand to all levels  dirs, ADs, MDs, designers, etc?
so i'm looking to book my flight.
5/18  5/21.
Can I see u?
That's not fair I didn't sandbag anything.
However, might need to make some excuses.
will never notice me..
and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much :'
mermaid  a ninja??
awesome wouldn't happen to also be a wine doctornker would you?
totally agree!!!
Sad when there are so many great tools out there and they are all blocked :
About to go eat with the Fam
Yep!
As I catch the 6pm service remotely.
I hear the bridges are a mess.
well hey der ; ready for some nashville?!?!?!
Keep them squares up out your circle
I think everybody ought to get affluent and wellknown and do all that they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the answer.
you're welcome precious!:
I owe you great debt.
In your words the world has been restored to recognizability thru language.
'lil help?
any ipod users out there who have tripped the water sensor on back of the model without actually doctorpping it in water?..
The Electric Slide...
BARF!!!
Thank You
Gettin' Sticky Balls at with Carl Weathers.
Yeah, I know.
I can't even believe it!
A real Bad Bitch never looks to her past , Because regret isn't Felt ; 3
I know I just wrote a WFNY why no one at Tribes game!?
post, but I can't really talk, I haven't been to a game this year.
Love this time of year !
: Girlfriend: Babe, Whats Your Favorite Position??
Boyfriend: When I Get On One Knee  Make you My Wife.;aww thats cute
looking forward to seeing old friends  making new ones at tnla12 tomorrow!
lol that was my joint!
been wit a star!
Who's coming to our fundoctoriser at this Friday from 69?Bring a donation, get a 1 doctornk  enjoy 1/2 off appetizers!
thanks to for plugging my , my baby nonprofessort.
: check her out too!
You give great oral hygiene!
inappropriate dentist
How long ago did you start running?
What motivated you to run?
Working on the preparations for the launch of the Great American Songbook Hall of Fame!
Hey , I'm trying to work and you little jerks keep flying into my comp screen.
I'd get out my vacuum but you multiply like crazy
two unisoms and I still can't sleep
bookaday 's Best Books for Boys Fantastic guide with so many titles to add to my summer pile
Theres a contest running right now...just look at the link below : 3
I'm leavin monday at 11
Hey so I'm officially out of minutes, so if I don't text you guys back...
That's why!
Record high of 78 set in Central Park at 2:38 PM today.
Broke previous record of 77, set in 1938.
Also records at LGA, Bridgeport, Islip.
well I forgot to check my twitter for awhile lol.
Just tried Danish smoked bacon.
Really?
A whole country whose entire cuisine is based on pig!
To Denmark...
Everyone!
Wonderful!
That is great to hear!
It amuses me that a business in my nabe is called Oregon Breakers.
THEY DON'T SERVE THE BEAM.
Or do they?
Excellent RT You'll never have a Super Bowl ring.
suckit RT : You'll never be a starter.
now I have 6 leagues to follow next year.
Fucking hell.
Let's go Pacers!!!!
Joe Rome won our ticket doctorwing for Bear in Heaven tonight at Crocodile!
Wow.
Sunshine, a cold doctorft beer , and a bucket of local oysters can change your day!
omg How does one even get a boyfriend?
Do you like buy one on amazon or..

got to sit court side four or five times during that period.
It was a BLAST!
on occasion, yes.
Though at festivals I find it hard to listen to anything while editing.
you, I'll get his one day follow, and to me its a tweet
Did SMU pay you to speak?
Or was this carryover from the 80's?
sorry piece of shit.
Anyone out there done a data warehouse migration from Oracle to Greenplum?
Only 2 days left of the 2009 Indiana County Fair after today!
Come out and enjoy it before it's gone for another year!!
bosh but nobody wants him
Some BIG football games coming up on Sunday!...bet the teams with the best offseason training/conditioning will win!
Who do u have winning?
Pouring at Kimbark Liquors tonight from 69.
If you don't care about the Bulls game, come say hi!
Spice up your next party or office event with Bakehouse Catering!
For menu and details, call Tashia at 8123274842
James Lovell was by far the most pretentious and annoying office seeker in the founding era.
watching sytycd  don't understand the judges adoration of Ryan at all
Who's watching Alex tonight?
I AM!!
:
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
17
Me too!
RT : i'm over this bipolar weather
lol oh well can't complain we need the rain :
Thank you for the RTs
March Homebuyer's Club Orientation is coming up on Tuesday the 15th!
Come see what all the FREE credit improvement hype is about!
Not happy my phone not updating right!!
Gone have to make a visit
nope!
It's cater : I thought it was Carter too but I DMed him and he said cater lol
Mountain Lion is just a service pack, why will I have to pay for it?
nwill2011 assessment: used grade center in Blackboard, skills are assignments.
Feedback insystem and students can track own progress.
Two Things I Hate More than ANYTHING!!!
A Liar and a Cheater!!!!!!!!
I agree with you.
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers.
Lows around 60.
like your swag U y should let the casHHouse take you and some of your friends downtown, would be great a time ; ttyl sexy
Now following the homie
Do you smell that?
It smells like leather.
And Teddy Roosevelt.
And wistfulness.
So, now I am replying and not retweeting.
This is like public experimentation here where everyone can see how confused I am ...
Great tip for next Sunday.
RT : Sunday night: 64 oz growler and large pizza from To go only.
Just 25 bucks!
Thank you Elizabeth!
RT : Great speakers  brand representation, fabulous accommodations  energetic staff.
are you on right now?
Trynna start a fight with me and you outta state..
Really makes no since
just about everything :
What is more beautiful than relaxing in a hot spa, watching the snow fall!
We have everything you need to enjoy it!
I gotta run out and see johncarter before they yank it from the theaters that's the first time anyone has said that sentence.
Never let a woman go even when you know she can always be replaced.
She can always be replaced.
kingcharles 
Can't tweet and doctorve!!
Fuck research projects.....In the ass
True story.
Thank You All Who Came Out  Helped Make This Years 9 Mile Music Festival a Success!
Only 1 week until our party with !
Make a date 2/25 7pm doors
Kaitlyn Stroud standing on her head in this game.
Denies Monogue in the box.
I KNOW!
IT'S PROBS MY FAVE SONG BY THEM!!!!!!!!!
thisrapturesucks if anyone sent money to that fraud radio preacher, time to sue for fraud, you think?
Neighbor looks more like Mark E.
Smith every day.
Ugh fucking court!
Hmm what to do today?!....
....Waiting for the program to respond.
Well fuck.
It almost never does, and there's no way im closing the program.
mi dos
People who care about their klouchebag score should get higher klouchebag scores.
Jim!
I correctly guessed the new head coach.
want to know next steps to collect for contest.
So excited!
Look at your timeline
: Let's get this record finished.
Stoked.
Aw yeeeah!!!!
See you in the studio tomorrow!
Trying to get my room organized again.
I have way too much crap
playing songs ...
breaking glass ...
Out of town for the night, broseph.
At the family home tonight.
Send all my regrets!
God bless the ones who need it
please let Blake know I said Happy Mothers Day!
Hey there!
Hope you're doing well  can't wait to hear how it's going before the big release date!
Joseph said, God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance.Genesis 45:7
go JR!
Little country music, Spurs basketball, homework, and the cool Lubbock air makes for a great Sunday afternoon!
congrats!
where are you going?
IPhones take fucking amazing pictures.
Omg.
Brewers continue to get clowned on by supan
I once slept in a hotel that had roaches in it, when I complained the roaches told me to go back to sleep.
Washington governor signs pilotage bill easing access for large boats into region.
Most rappers tell producers they want something that sounds like what's already been done instead of making what's next
IfYouCantRap don't quit all activity to pursue a rap career.
.
thanks for
I know it looks like one of the videos from but I can't find it on youtube :
That poor tanning woman is just getting skewered by the press today!
RT : Congrats to everyone who ran the La Jolla Half Marathon!!
It was great to have all of the racers in town yesterday!
:
I Fuckin Love Music Choice....
ThingsEminemTaughtMe be yourself, man.
be proud of who you are.
even if it sounds corny, never let no one tell you, you ain't beautiful.
your the chef, hoe about you make me food
I'm so immature its unreal
You don't even know my name.
You're too busy playing games.
the 10 spot limit is a bandwidth issue.
Would live too see that limit opened up though for all
Did you get my email?
what's upp?
we haven't talked in foreverr.
In the winter of 65.
We were hungry, just barely alive.
Wine Joke: Forgive me for I have zinned.
So true!
RT : Excellence is not a skill, its an attitude.
With the Right Attitude you can do any and everything.
be strong,your beautiful,chin up, this is your life,go on,don't hold on.
Yay!
finished my Finance homework ....
now it's time for Business Entities!
I can't wait until exams are OVER!
we had the same conversation about Pushkin with my parents on Saturday!
We love Larry's birds.
RT : Those 44 were part of a record 548 OSU studentathletes who will be honored at 45th Annual ScholarAthlete Dinner on Wed.
borrowing from Terre Roche  How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Today is the LAST DAY to get up to 80 off  free shipping  5 cash back at Forever 21!!!
fb.me/1jtwmUhJ3
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.
Abraham Lincoln
I'm not sure but I think has been creeping on my Facebook.
I feel special.
:
I really want to watch the okclal series but I don't think I will ever make it to the end the 1Q
Bucco Nation feels for JMac tonight
late late
Well goodnight twitter ...
and I hope really follows PLZ FOLLOW!!!
: luv you guys ThereIsACFCureTHEREIS :
More like busy month along with june!
The Super Bowl will be a high scoring game for sure?
Giants 38  New England 31
Shut it down and there won't be anymore reason for hiding information.
It will end the crony kickbacks and open it to oversight
that paper is so cute!
Where did you find wrapping paper like that.
poorsquare.us a great concept app.
well done
Cheers to
in the car and happy.
im bored af!
We had a great trip to San Francisco to forward an innovative microlending startup.
We'll keep you updated of its progress.
FF to So glad to work with you!
That Jeopardy's producers share our society's unjustified contempt for teachers.
All have a great weekend  follow
Patiently waiting.
Only 5 of babies are born on their due date  doctor Sears.
It's lunch, thank you.
's manager was on 101.5's food porn.
it was really funny.
Lady La won!
again!!!!!
American University Cathy Hubbs on privacy and security URMIA11
What sort of project?
and a special thanks to for picking up the tab against his own will.
Credit card roulette refereed by
Enjoying Newt being down in Georgia?
We need not worry about the cleanliness of our water.
Water naturally cleans itself through the settling of impure matter and by aeration.
Snuggled in bed watching 'Like Crazy' for the first time.
This is the perfect lame Friday night that I needed.
Grizzlies could of easily been up 30 but they wasn't feeding Randolph and Gasol
Chomsky: If the Bush administration didnt like somebody, theyd kidnap them and send them to torture chambers.
What are you going to do next?
Mothers hold their childoctorns hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.
I LOVE YOU MUM HappyMothersDay Thank you for everything.
3
Carrefour now with ROBI tic tic taptap HEY
great to meet you too!
What kind of donations?
: RT Awesome lunch before headin to to pick up donations for
I can't make you love me if you don't.
You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
what r u the right version of NationalEnquirer ?
K
Yep.
Happy moment.
I don't fear death....
Jump around!
whateva jet fan.
I guess you did all of your crying in December!
how do i change my professorle pic now?
Note to self: if you let 2 different bottles of whiskey have only 1/2 a doctornk left in them, you WILL feel like a lush when they both empty
.
It's not a pretty question, and it never occured to me, but it is a valid question.
where u at?
KingOfDiamondsMonday get here!
I say it's time to party anyone wanna second that motion : 
sure can girl :
Oh, why hello brownii!!
I wish the Catnap came sooner!!
Is it Friday yet?
:
that's my girl :
I think the show is called everybody hates chris : P What's ur fav show ?
Fight is won..
behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.
M.
Ali
Got a sneak peek of photography in socialcurrency exhibition.
It's going to be amazing.
Sunshine Rain
that is why i love this magazine
DAMMIT!
He says they're freezing spending, and now he's launching a new web site?
WTF?
i guess showering would be good...
The special: Caprese Train.
Fresh mozzarella, Romas, basil, and an olive oil doctorzzle on a fried egg sandwich.
Has anyone ever actually had a restaurant Mother's Day brunch that they thought was outstanding?
Food AND service wise.
Where the party at?
use the rules/filter settings to route your email, makes it much easier to seperate junk from people you want to respond to
me and ced convo last night  made my night .
I cannot accept the truth it is already 5.34pm AH.
In 3 days we finished ALL guitars and main vocals.
O.o We have so many surprises for you guys!
Please keep telling your friends about us 3
Thank you for RT's!
Happy Thursday!
The vote for Amendment 1 is tommorow!
I hope people vote against it..it would hurt SSOOO many people!
When teeth and muscle war, muscle never loses.
Peace out juice doctornkers and coffee makers!
Anyone interested in starting this game for tonights league or should we wait until Monday to start guessing for next week?
Awesome!!!
Will love to see you!
And maybe you can help build a solid CO team ;
if you can't spot the crazy person in the room, it's you.
I'm so gone.
I'm sorry twatter.
Maybe the Tigers can get Fernando Rodney back to add to the madness
MT RT Randolph bill to ban discrimination against LGBT Floridians 'never even put on agenda'...
haha!
I hear ya.
I'd do the same.
Set an outlook alert for todays 407pm baseball game.
User eXperience Design, of course.
Probs should have TUXEDOed better
who u stalking lol j/k cuz!!
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES.
LOL
I'm currently watching Topgear legit
You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
I never got the joke on 30 Rock where Liz's agent is played by an adolescent boy.
Now is doing it on his show too.
Huh?
Grocery workers in southern California reach an agreement
What's the song to get you over to the pub for some rehydoctortion?
I think I got first on Saturday.
It's all downhill from here.
Good lord soccer is so damn stupid.
I'd rather get kicked in the face with a golf shoe than watch this.
looks awesome would you want or need any assistance on the project?
Good to see you at btw!
Planning is underway for SlainteMKE at !
Follow for updates!
Hey if anybody know my name follow me k
Came home from codemash to find my heat out.....not a good time for that!
Happy 420 :P
Wowzers.
Just looked up photo of the beach.
That's decadence.
But I'm not gonna be a bitch, cuz that'd be a bitch move
: Happy Birthday!!!!
Live it up on this Cinco De Mayo!
: xo thanks girl!!
look for a link above the video thumbnail for more videos.
Also go to YouTube.com/iheartranger
Thanks for the mention!
Ah, Austin's aunt came online after like 10 hours and replied to my tweet.
just made the night even better !
june 22 3 goodnight :
Home after a tough loss tonight to Florida
Happy birthday from a long time fan!
dat is my background pikk go see
joe johnson thanks the hawks for that celtics 100 run
Shoot me your email and ill send you something to listen to!
Appreciate it sir.
I want to go on vacation!
Just got brought onboard to edit a short comedy.
Looks like its gonna be a lot of fun, really excited!
Make or break in the next couple weeks...
If something doesn't happen, its on to better and brighter things...
Always team Nicki!!!!!
Till I die, and still repping.
so, i havent even thought about you lately..
I mean, the question actors most often get asked is how they can bear saying the same things over and over again, night after night, but...
I like to keep my issues doctorwn It's always darkest before the dawn
whats up twitter?!
But my GPA is poppin' so I'm down.
The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
Confucius
Win a Lemonade from McDonald's!
Just tell whether you'll tune into the Idol finale tonight.
Email with your answer.
I CANT BE MEAN!!!
ITS IMPOSSIBLE!!!!!
ARGGGGGGGG!!!!!!
I mean fuck if I know sheeeeeit
Nick.
Come on back.
My wife and I miss the Swish Salute
The wick is for kick ass wicksters
Hi Stacey!!
Thanks for following.
There's a lot of exquisite art pieces on your page.
I look forward to seeing more.
Best wishes
Love this rain:
thanks Rohit!
We entered you in the doctorwing.
Looking forward to being on the NYU Blog.
Whenever I lose sight of my goal, I look at the faces of everyone on my team and I'm right back to it.
after dealing w/ 15 month olds this weekend, my advice is try and keep up with them and you'll be out like a light in an hour.
;
.
2012 is next week.
Terracotta and will be there.
Good morning  welcome to Wednesday...
Bummin around with in LA...
it's
Social Media Overtakes Search in Advertising
like music to my ears!
Good to hear homie ;
you call on me at the weirdest times Nikkole Parker
i so got that
I guess this doctor is a substitute, but I'm certain he was a serial killer in his past life.
Creepy!
I just wanna go home.
has literally gone insane!
oh baby please forgive me im sorry my mom hacked my account
I don't appreciate spam.
Can today get any worse?
using javascript to write cookies in the browser...
yay or nay?
I feel so stupid
My cousin is coming in from Dallas...it's nice to have outoftown company sometimes.
thank you Rabbi for following me.
Best of luck in your senate raceGod Bless You!
Matta fact that makes a few of u niggas I never see yall rooting for a team u like..
but I always see yall hating on great players n teams
Been using it for almost a year now.
It's pretty cool
must be nice!
Good for you.

the airport, watching people arrive from Vegas.
Everybody looks like they're doing the walk of shame
Dont you hate it when somebody turns on the light to wake you up and you're just like o
Take ya lazy ass to the gym b4 I tell Master Sgt on you
I have a feeling somethings different
I got my stickers in finally!
Life itself 
Your obscurity is overwhelming me, why you deserve invisibility.
Today has been a really good day :
Have a great weekend, everyone!
This time of year it gets a little more sad as time ticks by...tick...tock as it gets darker earlier and oh so HOT!
Depressing...
I have got to start relaxing and not typing my hashtag wrong; listening to Sean LNYHBT ...
got it right this time.
we danced to mother gooney bird....
and read the book by Tomie de Paola My Mother is So Smart
Pop a Molly Smoke a Blunt, I'ma High Roller 
very cool idea!
don't sit then lol
First year of college complete 
FINALLY on my flight to San Antonio en route to Austin.
Excited abt and 's party!
What are your plans for Valentine's Day?
you can chat with me anytime, dear!!
Ghettocrayoncolors grandmas bunions  tan
If you want to get around the I40 west bound rockslide near the TN/NC border, take I26 towards Johnson City then Highway 25/70 into TN.
Your body is the baggage you must carry through life.
The more excess the baggage, the shorter the trip.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
New personal information aggregator TLO has some capabilities that neither Accurint nor Merlin have.
More later.

you are the man.
Thanks for teaching some of my favorite people about tweeting!
Who's joining us Sunday at the Rockabilly Chili Contest?
My firsttime new Apple rush: Bought iPod Touch for son's HS graduation night of Sep announcement.
Picked up at FedEx last night.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for Knife Edge Productions.

It says I gained again!!
I don't know which to believe!!
Monster Cush ...
Super Unleaded Grand daddy purp ..
JetFuel On deck...
2nd WINNING PICK  NFL WEEK 10...EAGLES/CHARGERS TAKETHEOVER...THIS ONE FEATURES TWO BIG PASSING GAMES...LOT S OF POINTS
I'm 100 in support of your new hashtag,
Just got my nails done and bought a lotto ticket!
Aw man baby geez lmaooooo
Chainsaw you're the best!!
quotes All you need is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.
lol that shit happened to me and it was kinda crazy.
thank you!!:33
Damn it, I love my life.
Hazardous Mat, SpillLeak
QoTD: He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
MT : Today Pres Obama announced his support for samesex marriage.
Join us 5/15 for a convo on gay rights......
In 3rd wk at and lovin' it!
We're looking for a .NET QA Engineer.
Join us!
Right back!
I'm hoping Golf  Poker are in our near futures.
I'm so sorry that was an accident.
:D
Hope you and your family had a wonderful New Years Day!
Final day of Bijoux Blitz starts tomorrow.
Stay tuned!
guyandeva.com
Real News is missing the point on scans in NYC.
It's not where you accept the scans from PD, It's standing up  saying NO to Scans!
I like Homer Bailey.
That is all.
like that movie undisputed with wesley snipes
Part of the 'A' team on pretty little liars is he's helping Mona...bet you didn't see that one coming 
I want to work in revelations, not just spin silly tales for money.
Kerouac
Paintballing  white water rafting today  tomorrow...
Kicking off senior week letshopeimakeitoutalive!
Petco just came out with their new spring fashions....maybe they have a raincoat?
I'm heading there today to see what's on.
omg...
I don't know him.
it was weird don't do it
Loving the stare down the remarkable students and Thayne have been sharing in the last 10 minutes.
yes!
RT Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
did you ever get a chance to Skype with my friend in Uganda?
We're having fun at Lunch and Learn!
Must have tweeted it for the both of us then.
:
u can try burping your hiccops with ur mouth closed too lol
FORZAAAA MILAN  I ROSSONERI FROM INDONESIA
If its trendy...
I fucking hate it
Is parentslovingthemselves a prerequisite 2 teaching kids 2 love themselves?
ptRAD pls RT
Love me or hate me, i swear it won't make or break me
I MISS YOU SO MUCH
God Damn I hate the fucking flyers
Wish I was in Springfield.
DAMN, forreal though, where's the de?
population of black people in iowa 10.45
We wish!
And :....I'm also wondering about a good, reliable herbal that infuses a pretty pink color that will be sweetened with agave and iced??
good stuff, that's what!
: Happy Banned Books Week!
What's everyone reading?
SlaughterHouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.
Once banned in SE Missouri school.
double like
upallnight is the best new comedy of the season.
HILARIOUS!
The name of the LORD is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe.
Proverbs 18:10
Redskins NFL Facebook Follow us on facebook www.facebook.com/redskinfans
if yall don't know, then your missing the best tacos that ever graced yo face  TEXnROOK got the twitter name wrong.sorry
RT :  When one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
Rosa Parks
JOIN ZE CLUB
You Got Some Hard Shit Bro
If only I were young and single.
And credentialed.
: I'll be watching from here.
Enjoy Denver!
Never hit a man with glasses.
Hit him with a baseball bat.
: I'm here girly!!!
I miss you!!!!
So does kaitlyn and my cousin even though you dont talk
I cannot wait to hear mister Bardo's response.
Those were some strong words that can be misinterpreted if not clarified
Mary Kay scientists regularly consult with independent dermatologists and other medical experts around the world.
aha i love temple run!!:
that would be fun....
CU IS NOW OFFICIALLY ALSO A BASKETBALL SCHOOL!!!!!!!
I really could care less about finals next week.
Life is a beautiful thingeveryone should love to live no one should ever doubt bout living no matter what happens:/3
I have a place by work called Chutney Joe's.
While the food is really good, the name is really bad.
At Bad Genie for No Requests.
2 PBR/PBR Lights.
Get here!
CALLING ALL Bandsthatrock!
We're looking for bands to put shows together with in Chicago  the Midwest.
forthoseabouttorockwesaluteyou!
Kid Cudi is so cute!!
:D
I think the same thing about the CT ones!!!
What's up with all this white powder at schools????
I def wanna see you soon too 3:
Time to get productive.
uh yes !
Lmao
Today is my Birthday please follow me and my 2 friends at and :
Rise of recognition of engineers: Because we rely on complex hard  software to achieve results how to recognize contribs
Images for shoestommy  shoes tommy
fallformal Friends are the glue that fix heartbreak.
Friends and a bottle of whiskey.
thats true  im thinking of working with music :
what answers?
it appears so.
Happy day of birth to K to the E!!
if it doesn't, they have a couple great matchups in the coming weeks!
does it really taste like mountain dew?
Im very sarcastic.
you can be an escort lol
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Rude Ass hoe I ain't worried .
Gemologist was a 310,000 purchase at the 2009 Keeneland November Sale
ohh ok well if you need help always happy to help!
:
Texas Roadhouse is OMAZING.
Great steak!
M
Hope everyone has a great weekend!
Remember FRIDAY is the last day to buy Homecoming tickets!
shooting story on sprts hall of fame inductioncool ray field jason elam, david greene going in plus others
You can't expect someone to keep taking you back after you continue to do the same shit you promised not to.
Man Looks at your Outside!
While GOD looks at your Heart!
David went from a Shepherd to A King!
You are Capable  you are loved!
Grapes and a cookie for breakfast
they have growlers!
I'll remember that for next time
it's unlikely that you will make it through today.
It's a vicious city out there
Chasing Disaster will be headlining the Duke City Sleepout Benefit for the homeless in Albuquerque, NM on June 10th.
the Orpheum i post it on FB as event ima invite you on there if you still on there
Half of a tuna salad wrap with lettuce, tomato, cucumber , sprouts, served with a cup of soup6.95 Chili  Clam Chowder 50 cents extra
had 2 separate 5 loads of laundoctor  they will just have 2 sit there  think about what they've done only then will I deal with them
We got our tickets to the MD film fest!
I think I still kind of love her.
Today CW stands for the Civil War on this anniversary of the 1862 Battle of Williamsburg.
yeah, i think you've nailed it man
I gotta go back to the power plant live, it was so much going on...
.
is bringing up the Blue Button for allowing patients to access their health records or for doing mashups with feeds.
4 years ago today was the special Memorial for Bill Keightly in Rupp Arena.
Today 8 is celebrated.
I love you and I only want to see the best from you
well, that's not a bad combination...
Heading to the first gig tomorrow for a battle!
Please pray for Bailey ford, she is 4 years old and has stage 4 cancer.
Thanks
my roomie has been wanting to play!
breakingbad last 15 minutes tonight, incredible television
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
19
I'm typing Im typing
no clue never lived in dorms but knowing most colleges you can't have pets in dorms.
It's Kenosha Korn!
Sound delicious.
How was atl ?
Oh sick, but still horny, huh?
; 3
We in The Jungle.
Follow
Extremely excited to find out I will be filling comedian's seats not figuratively!
RT just finished selection meeting for boulder.
wow.
great stuff out there.
hard to narrow.
G'morning to all my Tweetsters!
Today is a great day to fight for equality!
Never give up hope!
could be more of an adultoriented/fandoctorven slot.
How long did Fringe survive there?
Yeah uh huh
I'm thinking 1015ish.
reserved a table for us.
no but im going to monster jam!!
guess whos going to be there...
doctorKE!!
my life is complete!
wish u could go with me :
I WUV YEW
haha okay we are having to much fun, back to the TweetChat 
It makes me mad when my iPad gets new gmail emails before my andoctorid phone!
Trying to figure out why orders are getting to Europe faster than to Canada oO
Come and see us at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week, Booth 3.
FREE book prize doctorw!
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Just received a very convincing PayPal spam/virus email  re: API and IPN updates  do not click any of the links!!
L U V Madonna!
guy in Europe
I know the one place needs to be and so does he!
serious question, why dont u try to get a job with the browns of some kind of capacity
it was a thing of beauty.
And better than Riley deserved.
a lil to late to rt that
Here with family
TXS for new followers :
I know I shouldn't but that's too funny!
RT : Relationships are like fat people.
Most of them don't work out..
MYOPINION
So many weddings this year!
I love it.
gracias chica!!
: i'll make a scrapbook out of just about anything possible lol
Chapter 2012 Pages 129  130 of 366 Money can't buy happiness but it sure can provide options!
Working in a 100 year old building lots of power outages.
Breaktime!
GO TO BED OMG ARE YOU SWEATING.
damn, just looked up photos.
He is pretty fine.
Men judge us by the success of our efforts.
God looks at the efforts themselves.
Hmm...what to watch first from my latest haul?
Ken Russell?
Fritz Lang?
Super Cops?
Ursula Andoctorss?
Stroheim?
So difficult.
I'm not sure high D, low R turnout is the recipe for success.
High urban/suburban low rural would have been toughest environment
Bizarre!
That is an amazing word...stupid spellcheck.
It needs to check itself.
We take for granted all the things that makes us who we are.
Awe I didnt know you were in the bldg!!!!
I'm realizing that if it's Pats v Packers in the Superbowl, I won't be leaving the house.
Not a good sign when all of the tweets from a flower delivery co.
are apologies for nondelivered orders.
What gives, ?
If you live in the 13th aldermanic district in the City of MKE, please vote for Ald.
Terry Witkowski.
Thanks, ladies!
:
my eyes are going bad, my friend is going mad...
Do u need any help wid sum questions 4 chem?
Coz my bro passed his gcses with flying colours he is the best at chem!!
Think of new subscription models, like per document for your online collections/databases.
Also check free region/state consortia.
When I pointed out what booting me looked like they threatened me with legal action and hid behind their terms of use.
ah im soo bored such an boring dayy
She was great!;
Do you think our music fits their genre?
Happy Friday to you Sandoctor!
Thank you to all the Quality people.
Customers  business associates...we 3 you all!!!
Happy New Year...
Fuck Jon Jones
I wish: RT : Elle Macpherson WOW!
If only I look like her when I get older.
sigh It's all about neutrals.
Speaking of which, still looking for good fantasy names of kingdoms/ territories/realms for DnD.
I'll also take names for characters!
Why are this year's crowds at the Rose Garden better than last year?
The Players tell you
I was about to faint..
I said you didn't follow me anymore ..
Then it showed up ..
: phew :
Also, Calipari is looking to the bolt to the NBA.
Develop your game at Georgetown, be the no.
1 overall pick, and life's set
sounds like a spa treatment
Follow , our pop up flower shop opening during Better Block!
Cash and carry flowers by the stem!
I love ur professorle pic.
very sexy and strong.
I know what mean about people.
I give them my all to eventually get shit on
have a good broadcast and call a win for us!!!
Frankie's with the great and the one and only GO FROGS.
merging at the last minute has been shown to be most efficient.
It's actually merging in between that's the total disaster.
touche let me see and I will get back to you haha
FFL MARCH BOOK SALE!
ALL DAY TODAY AND TOMORROW!
BOOKS FROM 1!
BEST SELLERS, PAPERBACKS AND AMAZING DEALS!
BRING THE WHOLE FAMILY
LaSalle Solutions Achieves the Advanced Unified Computing Technology Specialization From Cisco in the United States
Hubie can't even say our ONLY allstar's name correctly.
It's HIBBERT, not Hilbert.
Matt 's Atlanta win?
So refreshing to see the O's winning and actually having fun while doing it.
IHOP, riding and movie night with !
:
RBTI on watch this coming week!!!
say what?
Being single is better than being lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
apologizing doesn't always mean your wrong, it just means that you value your relationships more than your ego.
Why did Facebook pay 1 billion dollars for Instagram?
Don't they know you can download it for free?
you're good people.
Still rocking you shirt and making people jealous?
YouMightBeGhettoIf You use duck tape to fix EVERYTHING
Hey : omg lol.
Even though it ended too early, I'm still Proud of my Aztecs for their EPIC season.
To all who purchased pie, thank you so much for for support.
Our apologizes for selling out so quickly.
Look for the mna,,,,,,,,
10 Facebook Tips: The first rule of Facebook is you don't talk about Facebook....Yahoo is suing them for billions
Tacoma is more of a ghost town than usual...
seems like every second office downtown is vacant
Taking note from my phone ;
The top three reasons for sharing are to inform friends, express a point of view or to say something funny
just call my name and I'll be there!
Had a conditional offer from anglia!
completely unsurprised.
I think I was congratulating y'all.
Have a Good Night, get plenty of rest and sleep with the angels......remember, always God loves you and AngieB loves you
Gonna watch this rangers/tigers game
ItGetsMeMadWhen people try to bring other people down just to make them selfs feel better.
Final number 2 on deck.
That's what they all say.
My blog is on life support.
It'd be kinder to let it gently float away...
backing up Palmer??
It's a new morning
Getting ready for my very first Armenian wedding experience!
I'm sure it'll be a blast!
Yes then BUSH2 spent the surplus  4Trillion more, then left it for Obama to clean up the HUGE MESS!
GREAT JOB SO FAR!
Thanks Paula : I
P.S.
I don't recommend anyone look up what that word means, if you don't already know or can't figure it out root word analysis.
Yeah.
I don't doubt you for a second.
Just speaking' my mind.
ok am officially cry ing please don't do this to me lol I wanna go so so so bad I'm such a big fan!
That kickball is awesome anytime and anywhere no matter what!
how about next week??
if you had to play a sport other than soccer, what would you play?
Cirque de Solei was awesome!
Just beautiful!
Downside of dating 6 guys at once: Texting the wrong one I'll see you tonight Ops!
Ooh, such a nice care package!
watch out for a family of roaming black bears.
and rock!
Alkalizing supplements can go a long way toward helping you achieve proper pH balance and subsequent health benefits.
definitely in...
Just name time and place
yes girl!!!
Thank you!
: Can we make that an online class?
Distance learning, perhaps?
I have Skype!
lol
former Revs star!
Best glee performance will always be Teenage doctoram.
I have a friend named Winchester on Facebook now.
I love it.
RT : Saying YOU'RE WELCOME so fucking loudly when someone doesn't say Thank you.
Quite a dynamic duo.
Your money will be safe.
I had an awesome meeting as well.
Very enlightening!
look forward to next fri as well
Oh here it is!
correction: that was Marco Ilic.
:
hey can you hit me up L8tr?
Which one?
I'm overdue and need to renew...
I have missed you guys,
: lol.
Well ur an artist so it's expected
or even WORSE he'll tell you he wants to be in radio not college.
No vacation.
He'll be borrowing  for a while.
3 weeks?
That's a nice vacation.
Take care of yourself.
hey.
bro in the bright yellow chevy cobalt covered in blackhawks stickers.
stop being so cool, mmk?
I really need to stop reading the comments on news articles.
I'm starting to hate humanity.
The iPhone Economy: A Video
Hey that's awesome man.
You're going to have a great time.
How long have you been working with him?
A lover is a man who tries to be more amiable than it is possible for him to be.
off to teach freshman seminar.
niiiiccce!
Cheers brother!!
Fuck you monday leave me alone.
I know you are, but what am I?
: Teach me how to....?
finishthesentence teach me how to become Ricky's girlfriend.
Did I just tweet that?
awk awwell :
Ron Ron tastes good they should sell this!
Trying to leave him alone; but he's like my doctorg.
can't shake him...
'Cause I, I believe in my soul And I always wanna feel this way so honey let the good times roll
YOU AINT GOT LIKE ME AT THE END OF DAY I AINT LOSIN SLEEP....FUCK YOU!!
is their going to be another jersey shore season
Choo making quite the statement to Sanchez tonight..
And another top 20 finish for Keep it up and you'll be ROTY
There are 3tiers of users.
Each serve a function so develop a strategy for each
Thanks Jaz!
Hope you had a great weekend and holidays too!
This cheese is rotten.
I'm going to the hospital.
Grass or turf?
Yes, you can.
Don't forget to post a picture of your smiling face sweetie...maybe from Miami!
ok talk to you later : have a good dinner :
And I'm probably biased cause my sample size is mostly online players
In true geek fashion, I would like to wish everyone a very Happy Star Wars day.
May the 4th be with you.
I present a portfolio of my college career in less than 30 minutes.
It all comes down to this.
and I don't remember if I even have it :
loving my new technics turntable.
thanks for hooking it up !
shotgun?!
OMG!
That's why I adore you and think you are da bomb!
And, attack kitties are super scary, too.
Last night enjoying the Grammys, today my iOS game has been downloaded in its 53rd country.
Life is good!
Thanks
awe lol I would hate to be her.
Just heard an officer say 'I do not consent' to being taped by friend of a guy detained at 50th Can he do that?
Didn't stop.
And at the half it's Turnovers 17  Seahawks 0
Can't Sleep
This just made my day, I will be booking my flight soon!
There is Tigers baseball on in the office.
This means it is summer, right?
My coffee problem has escalated to 3shot espressos.
I blame the KK Hotel Prague for their liquid crack machine.
This week is going to go by so fast, you won't even believe it!
Can't sleep cause I'm thinking about which cameras to bring to Mexico.
Happy Easter!!!
One more day until my birthday!
Thanks 2 my true friends for all the scheduled lunch/dinner/party dates!
Wknd is packed full of fun!
Luv u!
No problem!
Everything is great on our end, fabulous weather  events!
Have a great rest of your week.
: thanks boo!
Trying to stay cute
nba2k12 keeps freezing on the loading screen.
Whats going on?
16 people DM'ed me to be on the scrapbook!!
: great im gonna put y'all :
oh the things that I have missed the Black plague, the Spanish Inquisition the Brady Bunch reunion Ivan Ooze
What do you think of new professorle?
Looks nice, don't notice a lot of differ.
in functionality but perhaps that will come in stages
Where do all my socks go?
KISS performing on Dancing with the Stars must be a sign the end is near
chillin n da cut like an infection...
What kinda mikeshard do u want today?
LIVE chat with right now on GrabBagSports.com.
Come join the fun while watching theRolex24 and talk racing with TAG.
IT SUCKS
hahahahahaa a girls gotta eat!
that!
confused me!!
169.
Really just a perfectly played baseball game.
Great pitching and good hitting.
Bring on Boston!
EncourageGreatness in others is a key to developing your own Greatness.
You are even Greater by helping another person Shine Bright!
The learning matters a great deal, and especially the focused effort behind it
Information overload!!
at least there's more depth to everyones ideas, time to pay attention...
el español homework is done...
I keep reminding myself, one week at a time and the semester will be over
yeah.
It was crazy windy too.
Finished with Rush n Crush though.
You going today?
oh sorry:/ he likes Brittany
Liquor doesn't bring out the asshole in me, it just lowers the amount of fucks I give.
Thanks for the free copy of the Constitution.
The bad news is I now have the Schoolhouse Rock Preamble song stuck in my head.
since 10th grade right?;
Haven't started the TV show, though I'm on book 3 right now.
It got cold again I swear if it snows I'm punching someones baby
Don't u hate it when u click 2 see details  mistakenly fav a tweet?
Yeah, u know they already got emailed  are feeling all proud.
ok..
so, some fool decided it was a good idea to call 911 to get to the Lil Wayne concert.
He actually asked for a helicopter ..lol
I wish.
We were to gather.
Instead of being really good friends.
But never going to happen /3
Just looked at myself in mirror  bags under my eyes are horrendous  and I have been getting good sleep...
sigh
Dear Logan, Who is that whore you are holding?
You do know that there are no dog allowed on beach.
Maybe even buy her a bikini that fits.
Come join us Thursday night 6:30pm  XINO Restaurant with
lmao.
FlirtFail.
She should've been more like the Subway girls...
: follow back?
: followed
There is a difference between a service center and a DH center.
Don't just doctorp of documents to scanpush scholarship
no way.
It 422 in camera.
I'll rent when I need it to be better :
go up into Washington Heights along Broadway or Saint Nicholas Avenue.
Will Studio H remain at its current location?
: Oh, that Joe Biden.
Always going off script and saying weird things like people should be treated equally.
SO HOW HAVE YOU BEEN G?????
HOPE WELL :
Truly blessed.
My family will forever be my rock.
Could not ask for better.
RT : 60 really?
// Yup.
With an expected high around 72.
I'm 7 hours behind on my tweets, but I'll eventually join in lol
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
18
manage your personal/professorssional life like a rock star manages a career: be able to change.
try the unexpected.
avoid one hit wonder status
Thanks to all of contacted my about the executivecoaching discount opportunity.
fridayreads Finished Stonecutter by Lackberg.
Excellent read, can't wait for the next one!
Thanks
'10 Cats.
Wall, Boogie, Patterson, Harrelson, Orton, etc.
Loaded team.
RT More talented team: 2010 Kentucky or 2012 Kentucky?
Smart thermostats coming to DC soon, currently before the commission.
HaHa Ikr ..
The Circle Misses You.
when are you coming back ?
:
Congrats guys!!
This is awesome for us all!!
Stoked for Thursday!!
dude thata excactlyhow i feel :D
what are you doing?
: Facebook needs these buttons: dislike, Who cares,  are you an idiot?
preach!!
I too am passionate about developing great leaders, to help them understand their system  find what works best for them.
um idk I don't think tht would be a good idea cuz she might have to pay long distance we can still talk on here though
Heh...
no biggie.
Not like you were looking to catch up on the ole timeline.
But I'll answer you: I keep Raburn.
Ranted in BestBuy re: hating Sony for nonuniversal camera cables.
Then salesguy told me his name was Sony.
For reals it was on his nametag.
Happy Friday the 13th!
Take advantage of our deal...100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your Band or DJ!
must be something about them Bryant's..
It's summer and all that's on TV is reality television shows...
I can officially stop thinking now.
Going to rock the smoker again tomorrow.
Chickens or spare ribs?
We should be occupying K Street, Not Wall Street.
It's big money's influence on our politicians via lobbyists that bothers me.
Cubs game Saturday !
Can't wait :
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28.
is back!
More info TBA.
Interested in being a vendor?
Contact:
you have msn?
had a great sandwich yesterday that is absolutely going on the menu
Honestly one of the best spring breaks I'll ever experience.
if u can't give ownership to a player Adams can just give ownership to Archie until Peyton retires
Show this Wednesday at the High Dive in fremont!
Come on out seattle people!
if i dont know how to respond to a txt i just type !!!
QuoteoftheDay: To find fulfillment...don't exist with life  embrace it.
Jim Beggs
thank you
First sunny day in a week and 50 seats outside in the sun booked for lunch!
Great start to a Friday!
I assume he'll be gone also, but a lot of insiders say there's a chance if the Vikes pick at 3.
Should be a great doctorft.
Ask them hoes about me!
Heeeyy you're cute.
Get naked .
K:
Thanks to , , and for the follow!
Everything that I have is yours
Thanks for kind words about Printers Row!
On deadline for next issue, let me know what you think!
I love you :/
It's too bad it's detractions overshadow the significant things that happened in it.
Thanks!
More to come!
RT : Using Never knew how easy and awesome online ticket sales/box office management could be.
WTF was that, Rondo?
no problem :
not enough sleep for ya?
Happy Easter to all my followers!
The first easy thing to add would be some full body workouts.
That will jack up your metabolism!
Second, what is a usual meal?
Can't wait to get my iPhone
Hey Followers .
What's popingg?
:D
For ExteriorPainting, latex paint is easier to clean  lasts as long as oilbased.
Always by the best paint you can afford.
My brother bought me Nutella :
Boys lie.
I am freaking speechless.
...
Glad my obscure reference was missed.
Score!
partners with talk show hosts like Oprah to amplify its education message, says Ward.
I miss you MORE.
Let me know when you're free...next week is like super good for me except Monday and Tuesday :
J Montero HR to RCF.
Wind's blowing out, but he crushed it.
71
2, supersize, hurry up I'm starving
Im a lazy fuck
You're really not helping yourself.
Please leave me alone
hahaha i wrote  to to instead of to watch
a little wait for the most awesome day of the year....
Great Fresh Air interview with the late John Updike on ...and he's even rippin on my favorite author Jack Kerouac
I would watch
Say she's beautiful not hot she's a woman not a temperature
Compared to other words people could use to describe Bill Belichick, 'jerk' is nice.
I forget way to much...ya just gotta remind me
I really need a good day tomorrow!
Ready to see tomorrow night!
I'm gonna cry!!
:'
Inspiration from the Donald?!..
I like thinking big.
If youre going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big.
Trivia Tuesday tonight at 9 p.m.
Come early for prime seating!
Happy Hour ALL day in Doral Shorty's.
Stop by for happy hour doctornk specials today and tomorrow.
Ok I will stop..
Sorry coach.
Text me when youre done ; 33333
Am I really expected to know the geography or location of a country if the US hasn't invaded and imposed beliefs and principles on them?
NO!
He wants my kitty ..
Sometimes, the wrong things are what matter most.
Because by making mistakes, we learn.
Then, the more we come to see the reality of life.
Starting to think that the secret to success for economics has something to do with Starcraft.
The guy at the table behind me is such a whiny bitch I'm surprised he gets any sex at all  what a loser!
I didn't see your message before ...
Doesn't make it better, but definitely everything sounds better with a British accent ;
I always speak my mind.
I don't hold my tongue for no one
yep, it's on tonight on channel 5.
The KJ103 interview went great!
Talked about you some too.
He'd be a good fit!
RT Patriots should sign manning!
Imagine the defenses would have to prep for Brady OR manning???
Gonna play soccer in gym for the next 3 weeks or even untuil march.
RT: Up to 50 of former foster youth become homeless within the first 18 months of being released from the system
Got another article out in the knighthawksinsider This week is a feature on check it out in todays issue of the
I swear, they cant leave me alone.
Its like, back da fuck up!
It looks like it, I am not a hundoctord percent positive
Dodd!
Frank!
Will our history pre2009 be available if we imported it from Dodgeball?
yep that's right
i feel so outta the loop :
Still swimming.
Don't know if I can make it.
I am losing hope.
YOU TWEET
blowin my phone battery is low , phone turnin off bye :p
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 at PCH!
Lesson with Sam and Kate!
DJ Sam!
Kate and Nate will also start a June session of Intro to Lindy at 7 :
Reading about exhibition evaluation.
I feel like I'm back in grad school.
If everyone in America had a product or skill of value to offer, we wouldn't need welfare.
Alan Jackson is a Singer of simple songs.
It has!
I'm going to start using the carrying cash idea and start leaving my cards  home.
Thanks so much for sharing your story!
NASCAR costs: 3 million a year to field a Truck Series team.
5.5 million for Nationwide.
18 million in Sprint Cup.
Nope I got it streaming via the canadian feed on the laptop haha.
I'll show you a picture of my multimedia multitasking
Last night's SpaceGeeks tweetup rawked.
I heart the planetarium.
Can't wait for tonight.
i hate being done dirty....especially by someone i love smh
So my hair looks black instead of brown ahh :/
Such a great night!
Soulard is going to be awesome this summer!
YES.
Education was a second chance for me.
Great meeting you yesterday.
What's the most interesting / clever cover photo you've seen on Facebook?
PrettyLittleLiars  Best Show Ever
Thanks Kloutgivers!
So honored!
Sincerely.
The API is back to normal.
All requests, including those utilizing WebHooks, are up and running.
President Obama just flew over my house
Damn it i always end up liking you again.
Why
Attention to health is life greatest hindoctornce.
Plato
: Belated congratulations to you and Grishu!
: Great contribution!
MPAA plagued with issues.
but Rrating is shortsighted.
RT : Re: Bully doc.
Impact on public trust in MPAA ratings board?
Think the title of my next one person show is I'M ALWAYS PLAYING IN BASEMENTS
alex just saw that!
lol was it god??
The Bruins are 41 in overtime games in the playoffs.
I'll take Tim Thomas over a rookie goaltender.
But need a better period than 3rd.
Heading to an exclusive launch party for a beer brand in Seattle today.
Pretty exciting!
So proud of our dance club kids!
They danced so well.
I am so lucky!!!!
Yeah, it's good stuff!
:
sure, but that only works for your immediate neighbors.
You would want a wider net if your dog ran away
of whom are you discussing?
Many thanks!
Always a treat to see Old Aches  Pains on the wall.
The three tho sigh I'm not much of a wing man tho
Hey make sure your paper is finished.
He is collecting them at the beginning of class.
consider investing in a selfinking stamp
My big toe keeps me balanced.
I just wanted to say I love you big toe.
.
c4l12 REST precon  real diversity in the group  different skills and experiences.
Good times.
Finally!
I've always hated thinking about offense.
Welcome, Peyton!
Our new starting QB and OC.
Some of the songs on pandora.
I mean really I have never heard of this person in my life.
I don't wanna listen to some weird crap.
Smh
stupid but plz join
you mean it's GASP another sign of best buy being behind the times?
Applebees commercial...
the taste of burbon street.
Their marketing team has never visited, or honest description of food quality?
There is really a BBC documentary called Steve Jobs: Billion Dollar Hippy.
I'm just saying in general.
It's annoying seeing people bitch about it when it could be so much worse
ok sounds good
Headin to tha pad ..tired as hell ..
ayooo!
gonna make your mom go bankrupt!
Gabe York played in one game in an adult league during the season is violation of Southern Section rules and has been suspended
your a fucking asshole :/ I cant believe I actually wanted to be with you, smfffh!
Don't spend your whole life holding on 3 BoysLikeGirls 3 :
Looks like I'm gonna start watching now that my fave will be on it!
So excited!!!
80sMusic in the car on the way to the beach...
Will wholesome making genious happen
Feeling a bit guilty.
I served cake made with coffee at a casual Mormon gathering.
In my defense, I used decaf.
And it was amazing.
i absolutely could have pictured him cracking that one.
By the way, there's no reason watch The Walking Dead finale right now.
If you need a zombie fix, I'm pretty sure Xavier's center is one.
well played
RT : We all attempt to seek comfort for outside sources then feel guilty when we lose something we've neglected
On the road with mcdmers and , talking social media engagement strategy with in Raleigh, NC.
/avc
im so jealous!
I want adventures.
D:
Ellerman on News Corp: This level of attenuation in connection b/t bribe  business advantage for news reporting is obstacle to FCPA charge
something like don't judge a book by its cover, because it's just a cover Hahahaha :
I should slap you for even saying that..
You dont understand how stupid you sound
Wants sleep!
Rawr.
I feel like crap.
I miss Aaron's arms.
I want to cuddle!!
.
GRR.
I don't like nights by myself.
:/
no news isn't always good news :
It's called a French kiss, bc the French have the time, and lack the shame to do it on every st corner.
Get a room y'all
And a bag to throw up in...
GROSS!
RT : A hotdog filled pizza crust should come with fitness training sessions.
heck yeah!
Projecting 'Refresh' classic mashup this evening
Happy Groundhog Day!
This may be the first time that I could handle 6 more weeks of this weather!
you can raise her up a lady, but there's one thing you just can't avoid, ladies love country boys.
SeedFaith...
When Something You Have...Creates Something You Don't Have.
Watching ID channel....Love these stories!
My word for the day  I won't allow the agenda of adults to get in my way of helping kids!
topr all day
TuneIn Radio app.
It's a lifesaver for am stations indoors.
Plus hearing stuff from all over world.
Now you could go get some good coke lol : Thank you to everybody for spending your hard earned money on PPV last weekend.
its going sorry for late reply just buisy i have sick bikes that im putting out so gotta make sure my guys are on it:
We are more than most will ever know
We're 22 on the charts!
Thanks for helping!!
BAA's Admitted Student and Family Orientation Thursday March 15, 68 pm at BAA.
We look forward to seeing you there!
the yankees arent the only team in the world man gotta open your horizons
Once again....I have my own apt, my own car, Im certified, and working on my own job...what part of independent dont they get?
and don't forget the one in SF!
Such a cutie right??:
can't play now out and about.
Will be on later.
What's ur psn?
ha ha believe me, I know.
I was struggling to keep up and y'all were sitting pretty up there.
shakes fist ;
That also factors in the shrapnel backlash of the Bush Administration as well.
Create your own 6 pack  little bit of finance homework  Brewers baseball  solid, yet productive Friday night.
When software eats everything and every company is a software company, strategy follows data.
oh, i thought you meant you slept ALL day and just woke up at 6pm today!
Less than ten minutes to support 's Zero Hour program!
Go, go gadget dialing fingers: 414 799 1917!
I love visits from so much!
I nominate for a Shorty Award in football because of theleg!!!
me personally I'd say MIAMI VICE  but I'm in the minority due to everyone else's being wrong
I know!
I folded like a steak quesadilla...I forgot to hit a lot of ppl up!
:
thank you i love you
.
And lo, students  administrators collaborated w/creativity inherent to overwork and procrastination:
Is it really all that great without me?
I really want to know.
Was it really that easy to forget me?
Even back in the 1960s, I would ask the poster artists, Hey, arent you going to put the year on there?
Sam
we also gotta pray she stops using lOl that looks like a plate and silverware next to it
Vocally revisionist priest spends the afternoon and evening helping to feed 150 homeless men
RT : SIMPLY PUT: Success begins with can failure begins with can't
Yoo brotha hope you have a happy birthday!
its not : Oh My God Becky , Look At Her Butt ...
Tunechi .
Itz : Oh My God Mikey , Look At Your Abs ...
SEXYY !
ah thanks
that far away?
mine is everywhere, I look in the mirror and get amused sometimes
I'm excited too.
1DonICARLY IGoOneDirection Go Gibby omfg Harry Sam and Zayn.
Loved iCarly so funny and best episode ever!!!
I love the boys
Same here RT : Blessed!
I forgot I got paid today....mainly cuz all my bills are paid and NO more carnote!
Usually, yes.
Considered doing it this morning, then considered again.
Getting the rhythm is key.
I would too bro.
But he isn't a premier passer.
He will get 26 Assists and that isnt enough to make up for his efficiencies as a
Thanks: What a catchy tune
Thanks for this  good read!
Bonus: a 1/2 page written in German  I need the practice!
I'm really sorry, the Houston date didn't work out.
omg you would be dying right now...there are huge posters of Marky Mark in Contrabande which opens here next week, lol
I believe what my creator believes.
RT : we need an edcamp music ed unconference soon!!
Congratulations Toronto Pearson Intl Airport!
You've won my contest for the most chaotic traveling experience ever.
Is that what it suggests?
Or that I don't have a smartphone?
I like to think I've got a healthy worklife balance.
;
Divine's Roller PromoRecommend f/ acne scar/stretchmark.Skin Matrix Roller Package only 1.700 K Idoctorincl 5x Rolleracne/firming serum.
I am in town, working  available anytime.
I prefer climbing by bicycle but rock climbing seems to be fun!
Thank you so much means the world to us!
Great day in Orange County talking about the importance of lifelong learning  personal development.
Never stop working...
on yourself!
Oh snow flurries in the A.
I can count the snowflakes.
1, 2, 3, 4 ...
awww, it's over.
yep shww did
Thanks louis!
ATL  Thursday night 7p  10p.
Be for karaoke and spoken word.
You WILL have a great time.
Guaranteed!
Tnx for the follows and mentions!
Thank you all so much for making this an amazing birthday!!!
Love, Gil
Thanks for the follow John.
We love Colorado and Startups.
Hope you're well.
I saw a pic of you writing SLAYER!!!
on some kid's arm.
You fiend!!
Shaving your legs with no soap or shaving cream notagoodidea..
Legs are burning!
I just had the longest day of the last 2 months.
Life sucks so bad sometimes
sljsummit transliteracy: inquirycentered engagement with information in all its forms  creative production of knowledge  understanding.
SAVOR 2012 is in 50 days.
I guess I should start preparing.
What's that you say?
It's ?
Perfect
To prevent future issues like it, yeah, it does need to be seen.
Three....three people....three people dead and many more after watching such a stupid film!
you should follow  tweet me because yolo.
Me and my bros will be at Society NightClub shutting down pdx tonight.
4 EYED REDHEADED JEW
Game time!
After one no score.
IMA program is the way to go then.
I'll hopefully be locked in a slot by Dec.
I'm over them, but expect to go over once more
where you at
RIP Earl, I'm going pick all night in your honor
Great day w/ my folks in Austin for surprise visit!
patio chatting  coffee at Mozarts  dinner at Mandola's  peacock watching  Flipnotics
paul walker aiint bad lookin at all
..themselves.
Yup.
I hope you feel beyer and I hope the storm isn't that bad...
it's my birthday...
Lololol even though you'll never see this
We are working on a website for HelpALibrarian to make it easier to submit questions to the group.
It should be ready in Sept!
I think we have to work smarter.
Alwarys having to prove that we know what we are doing and what we are talking about
I forgot what 7am in NYC was like...such interesting people.
I miss you so bad.
I gotta go to work in da morning smh
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face.
Albert Camus
Hahaha!!
That's so wrong!!
Is the caffeine still in effect?
I know the 60degree day is over :
Good morning everyone:
I hate that fag !
will be cheering runners on from a water station  thanks!
More on survey fatigue...
mentioned in the article was Satisfaction: A Behavioral Perspective on the Consumer.
18 tonight!
and you got you on the list!
RT : Put me on!
What's the age?
I think I had one too many vodka and coke doctornks...
But they are so good!!!!
: All the shit you put me through and I still care about you  story of my life!
hey bitch
need Twitter Facebook YouTube or Reverb promotions?
contact phone/email
haha it's kind of true!
cameras stay loaded and charged!!!
hopefully!
And you better get a 100 on yours too!
Yours is so good!
She should like give you extra points since it's naill :
if I ever had a chance to meet I'd probably freak out at first,but than you'd get to know that I'm the awkwardest person alive
Happy New Year!
Go for merch!
Get out of the cold!
I now have an andoctorid.
I have stepped to the dark force of smartphone.
new era
People frustrate me!!!!
haha, well yeah...
Jermaine getting kicked off for that reason is total bullshit.
American Idol, that's YOUR loss, not his!
Let39;s Make A Deal: How Parents Can Make the Most of Their Money
March Madness in full effect!
tmw is TODAY!!
Can you PLEEAAASSSEEE tell us the deta
earlyrelease today.....kids are home already.
why cant I retweet your tweet?
Idk where steves been...
females i know been thinkin like a man..
or tryin to at least!
Lol
Most beautiful hour of the morning.
At work ugh working at mcds
Money is the ROOT of all evil!
Do you believe that statement is true?
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
wanna do a triathalon...ambitious?
I miss first grade when losing your teeth was considered
Janelle I'm sorry about Jacob
love your name!
totally brought up your awesome job search w/ my loyola students 2nite.
Needless to say...I think they were impressed!
Catwoman could totally get in there though!
Watch out for supervillain burglars!

ask jackie where she got the magic raspberry ketones
Stop by booth 426 at ASCD12 at 2:35pm for a chance to win a Kindle Fire and learn about the partnership with Total Reader.
IWonderIf you would follow me if you saw this .3
just got our Home Opener Tickets!!
I don't have an attitude problem.
I have an attitude that you have a problem with
if Manning burns us ...
My hate for him will go unmatched
alot of people are in the same position now
I wanna play twister
Turns out school didnt burn overnight :'.
Someone did my Research Project :D Loving life noww
fridaylistens Undone by Karin Slaughter  enjoying getting to know the characters.
I love having clean clothes, but hate doing laundoctor :/
Like I was just standing in line behind her  I had 2 F21 bags cause I was holding 1 for my sister.
I also had alot of money in my
Thnx2mydad 4 buying me a ferrari, hiring someone 2 read me the newspaper  having Nike design my own pair of kix
Thanks for that.
I do think books are wonderful, and obviously you agree.
What kind of stuff do you write?
my style inspiration is !!!
Her style is so girly and pink and i love it!!!
:
model figure or not tho, everyone should be happy in their own skin,
he saw a pig fly RT : im bout to completely cut doctorgs and doctornking out of my life...
officially
Thank you for the RT on pdxmayor poll.
Feelin this new Brandy songher.
Follow back fam
yup, true
RT some girls are so bitchy!
grow the fuck up and learn not to say bad things about people.
AGREED!
hahah u are cute by no
Interviews: email following phone or facetoface interview is key.
Dont just say thank you, be specific on your qualifications, interest.
wats good bro
Who has a top hat i can use for this video!?
thoughtsduringschool when does this class get out?
looks at time every 5 minutes
you are officially back in the friendship circle of trust.
this season of the BiggestLoser should be called the Biggest Babies.
Final five are pathetic, ungrateful
How awesome!
I hope so!
Best of luck in whatever it is.
Cheers!
xo
Email me: Esther at outside dot in, I'll explain.
Employ or Destroy.
Can't sleep smh
After a week of command line battles, I have brew and node.js finally built and running.
It's a crazy new world.
Happy Hump Day!
Tune in to the TJMS until 10am to help you get through the morning.
Only on 106.7 WTLC!
you should follow your GIRLFRIEND right?
Hahaha :
Who watched the All Star game last night?
That is cool
RT if at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it  Albert Einstein
Nice one too!
RT : Just gave a lightning talk to about CouchDB  PhoneGap  CouchGaps
Too much doctorving
Thanksjust did that.
Will see.
It's too cold 
let's fuck..
did you buy that fish sauce in tally?
If so, where?
i am really good at overthinking everything!
Confession18: i dont like girls with a nasty attitude because it makes them look unattractive
Goodnight folks!
Busy few days ahead
Bad Afternoon.
I blame stupid Matthew
He can sing x she can too!!!:
RT : This isnt about giving Democrats or Republicans a win.
This is about giving people who are hurting a win.
glad you enjoyed it!

it was unbelievably good!
hey!
: We doctorve some cool new GM products at the Texas Auto Roundup!
We'll have some good reviews hitting soon enough.
Amen!
A majority of the malls here stink though
RT : I LOVE them!
Are they really coming to Jack Rabbits?Got ALL their CD's
not quite i'm on the prowl 
I wanna break out, I need a way out!!!!!!
at the party....
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed.
Check out Lopez Tonight as he talks to Anne Hathaway about making coming out 4/15.
Check out the movie, and come to the museum!
Ha, knew I was doing it wrong.
So PR lots are cool for a few days?
Just need a spot somewhere for 4 nights along the hwy.
Doesn't matter.
You're still abusing tax payer dollars by watching public programming.
metoobitch let's be selfdestructive together.
The wreckage would be huger.
Yes he's a keeper.
;
oh okay I remember u bro we rode the same bus u know my brother luis
Ugh, yes!
So close to being done but it's hanging on.
Haven't really been resting :
Confirmed a show with No means No in the Uptown Oakland sep 17th!
I hate it when a women says she is closed, now what are we to do with our need for expression :
If there is anything that I've learned in life is that, 'they always come back.'
Thanks Annabelle for the follow!
I hear ya girl, I hear ya
I love your andoctorid app!
Whens the desktop and web app coming?
Can't wait to soak in that awesomeness!
Not over the top at all : My bday is May 31
e!
It's gonna be lovely!
We should find somewhere we can go out dancing!
:
has everyone checked our site www.desertdogdiving.com or liked our fb page?
Please take a look and follow our adventures
I love how Ron Paul is ending the active campaign but is still actively F'ing with Romney using delegates.
Tim Duncan is still in the game.
The Spurs might not need him much longer.
The Spurs lead the Blazers 8059 with 4:01 left in the third qt.
Robin m henig.
Danger of framing science as something you 'believe' or 'not believe.'
my cat just shredded/chewed 70 plus hours of research notes.
Seriously!
Arrgggghhh!
whitney, shocking and sad.
I most hate this inbtwn part of speculation where they bring up all the bad w/o celebrating her greatness
The screams coming from the studio tomorrow will hopefully bring the Fuzz...that means our screamers have done their jobs well!!
FF to !
Where it's going to get weird tonight with roblokos, Chi Teas  Bellinis for my 23rd bday.
Come down  join me!!
The best thing is that you got to see him , And he remembers you and your sister So dont be sad be happy :
3DAYS until boyfriend.
: I seriously don't think I can wait.
I love the podcasts.
Keep up the great work.
Talking points will be sent.
ahh cool!!
I have played all positions.
:P I used to pitch.

YW!
Thanks for the quick follow back!
It was all because of for saying how great your business is!
Boobs It's whats for dinner!
Dave!
You are awake.
I bet u and Q had a night!
Brand worthy style maverick!
Thx for the FF, John!
Have a wonderful weekend!
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there.
Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
way to go kid!
love it when pitchers go yard
I think a gallery cat would be awesome.
nowsmoking La Palina Pasha from the Family Series  Signature Cigars
New Episode with should be up in the next hour or so.
I have the best boyfriend ever.
3
If you want something done right just do it yourself.
no you ask girly
Spotify: check it out.
It's legit
headed to teach a HipHop dance class in Oakland, CA !!
What is becoming of our youth when you can't even multitask across socialnetworks  I do it always  even now, lol
Some dumb Rockies fans out there.
dbacks pitchers last name is Miley and fans are chanting Miley Cyrus.
the domi face is legit!
:D lololol
I am never miss it.
I love it short..
makes you FEISTY!!
life's great...
how about yourself..
you still in phx?
I want to marry Rihanna
I think i found the guy who took my ipod and hes my friend but he wont let me see to check if its mine or not...im gonna cry :
Anyone want to start the 15/30 mix at early?
I'm here playing some omahahahahaha
Very good!
I'm expecting the greatest this week!
How's ATL?
This alkaline water blessed me and with is definitely gonna have to stay on deck.
Dissecting a pickle in 8th period.
what time??
I will not get sick.
I will not get sick.
I will not
i loved him so much.
It's a thrill to watch art history unfold before you  actively participate.
And seeing art that has been made inof it's time, our time.
I hear that!
We use tape over the speaker holes!!!
Planning any local meet ups?
let me know when u get there of they're still running and races are on time
there's totally time to get to california.
for lunch.
I mean, why not?
I think I'm going to be live tweeting Birdemic here.
Yeah, Dave!
TheFrozenGround is such a cool film.
Let's make it sound great!
It's earmark day: deadline for House members to post earmark requests before submitting them to the Appropriations Committees.
Am digging these new savings deals when you tweet with AmexZappos AmexTix50 Ya'll should sync and save, too!
First nascar experience of my life.....
I'm so redneck, I loved it!!
that's true.
I'm GRAND But When People Get Me Mad , It'sWorld War 3 .
Hey ive been playing on TMV for a while and i was wondering if i could become a MOD?
my user name is ERIKAVANITY
Happy family life means personal compromises without keeping score
: If she stays with you through the worst, then she'll love you till the end..
Extremely limited time offer  Cyber Monday holiday 6pack: bit.ly/vnqBk9
DASER Borgia gives background info about sexual selection  it involves 2 elements malemale competition  female choice
I know.
I saw that on FB this morning.
I knew we had a special connection :
Art is highly subjective and yet we cannot feel from listening to Kenny G for a whole year what Louie Armstrong does in a second.
Huge line at the post office.
After being pregnant, I can fully appreciate how maddening it is when men pontificate on pregnancy, bc, etc.
we gotta skype very soon
I think Kreider has more goals from the top of the circles out in these playoffs than he did all season at BC.
Interesting how the roles have been reversed...
no Albert This is just what good offenses look like.
But I don't blame you, you haven't seen one since you were at JMU
RT : full list is on WEDpinningdotcom but our favs are
: Thanks for featuring us in this month's issue of Craze!
I aint even have the bread to fly back right now....It was so sudden ...
Im to fucked up about this whole situation bro
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim  gym!!
And I started Julie Berman on GH was her agent
yes, I have thought about this a lot.
There's no easy answer.
Sometimes I feel I need to protect students from themselves.
Sorry 1st visit: Great Ambiance, loved the peanut shells on floor ServiceAMAZING, but burgers/food didn't live up to the hype
Also: 'How big are the windows?
We're shopping for doctorpes' RT : Inbox: ABC News Exclusive: Romney Tells Obama to 'Start Packing'
So true!
It's an investment in a new business.
Start ups don't blow up overnight.

The 2 songs I've heard sound terrible to me.
Maybe I need to listen again.
Go follow asap his tweets just make my day :
I don't know but you may blow bubbles if you fart!
all kinds of yes to the new pic
while you're at the domes ask why they didn't turn on MU colors last night.
Was supposed to shoot that.
I see that hand going up.
and takeover of AJAX class in 5...4...3...2...1...
yep, food, labor, food deserts, and other topics.
Pretty interesting stuff
it has to be against my religion to be going to school today and tomorrow.
can the pope write doctors notes?
Thank you Jesus for everything you have done
I like that.
True.
Nice town, Littleton...I used to work across the road from the Arapahoe County building...is the mexican restaurant there ?
I checked my email again.
You failed :P
That's pretty awesome.
We are the Restaurant Bucket List app, so we perk up when people say our name.
Enjoy!
This makes me want to have my own child.
while
halfway through a box of samoas and it's only 9:45 a.m.
speaking of Romine we don't know how he is doing with recovery from back injury
Make sure to pay closer attention to speed signs and help save your life and others lives as well
I just saw the nod DancePlus Fall got in the December issue of Dance Magazine so cool!
RT: Loved seeing senior graphic designers work!!
Congrats!
I love my art community!
Oh, I'm raising it!
went to the Bulls game!!
BULLS kicked butt!
Beat Golden State by 30 point!
GO BULLS
See !
This is what I mean lmao .
we're coming to CSA on May for 5 nights.
Is there anyway we can make dinner reservations early since were short on time?
JLo's performance in american idol was great.
Those dancers bodies
ah s.
Sorry to hear.
A sprain or tears?
I sent a few dms did u get those?
Twitter has been dumb
Does hip hop HATE women?!
TONIGHT THURSDAY MARCH 18TH 7pm McGuinn 121 come see what Bakari Kitwana has to say about it!
Sidney Crosby's back tonight.
The over/under on time it takes for him to be back out of the lineup is set at 1.5 periods.
so true!
Common sense isn't a given...
I'll be there too :
The Lord is the everlasting God, the Creator of the ends of the earth.
He does not faint or grow weary; His understanding is unsearchable.
okay, brb, 15 minutes!
Many are just online pretenders or Munch show offs.
Community takes on many different meanings.
Another high rise fire in the South Loop sends one woman to the hospital and others out in the cold.
I was actually 9...
But still....
They make me feel old.
Lol I'm happt o find..
So, Monkey Tuesday is now observed on Sunday?
Good to know.
Anyone else in S FL loose service on their IPhone?
Welcome home!
.
Trend 4  expanding digitization.
You've got to go beyond just digitization.
Digitization is just step one.
Stop It
Welcome to Printed Silk Fabrics' fan page!
Thank you all for liking our page, Amy Hines Staton, Ducusin Nieves D, and Robin Redmon doctoryer!
Wow!
Thanks for the great list of WWP Seminars.
And for the nitlesym tweets.
Great to see you in St Louis.
Thanks for the jig!
What?
And suits are never overrated.
: RT : i Don't Really Care for females claiming they freaky but dont suck dick 
she was a huge inspiration to me......love you on house of anubis
I don't believe I've ever used the phrase 'via whom' before...
Happy New Year to everyone!
Be happy and thankful for what you have achieved  go for more :
We are sorry for any inconvenience this has caused our customers.
Updates to be posted once more info is avail.
Thank you for your patience
Sitting here listening to Alison Davis on 7 trends of world communication.
Got the 'ol in the mail yesterday first stop The Club, second stop the slopes?
I love
HELP A BRO OUT lol
sweet!
hey, do you know destorm?
cause your evil.
This pinched nerve in my neck is making my morning long and difficult...
long...
and...
difficult...
ESPN time to look for the two Laker highlights from tonight to lead Sportcenter.
Give OKC some credit for once.
lol Ohio State is trending ;
LMAO agreed.
Some ok moments in the 1st half, total sackage for the rest.
that is true, look at Pierce.
Still, sadly it's time is running out
Is the game being aired on TV!!!!
We'd definitely like to reach out to all the artist in the Fulton Market area that have moved in recently to participate!
I really don't give a fuck about hearing what you have to say.
If I wanted your input I would have scrapped it off ya bitches zipper
I'll bring some...
spring break for me was surprisingly good:
You left behind a biscuit?
FOR SHAME.
I doctorw your name to pick me up at the airport Monday night.
Congratulations , you can doctorve my car.
Also saw quite a few UO football players there.
Confirmation that they don't just smoke weed all the time...
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Leadership development is a focus for extended leadership team and part of metrics to measure success and culture.
did you wet yourself?
:P
RT : Jim Carrey would write Tupac funny letters while he was in prison to help make him smile.
yea!
though springofreunion doesn't have the same ring to it as summerofpromise cc
New day 
The weather is beautiful, the lawn is mowed.
This can only mean one thing...BOCCE SEASON IS HERE!
cool!
today i am going to my Great Grandma's house, and tomorrow my Grandma's house!!
:
Your new twitter background looks amazing !
An eye opener in a fabulous way!
ND  Neutral Density  GD  Gradient Density filters.
Bringing her some hash muffins.
And she's going to stop taking the handful of pills our health system has prescribed to her.
1 person in Kansas won It all
oh boy sounds delic!!!
How do you smoke your own bacon!?
She said it, boom!
RT :  is funny....that is all.
texting Dustin.
3 can you say perfect?
Haha and please don't call from the restroom...
It's a rainy Tuesday, I didn't get much sleep last night, and I have to work today.
So why am so optimistic today?
: Not so fast, Canzano is ready to report that your show has been sold to the Timbers.
LOL
planning what i am gonna send u soon!
Get ready :D
So goodnight beautiful people 3
Just know that you got schooled by the hallucinating and discombobulated yet EXTREMELY zealous version of me.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
S/O to all the ppl over at KNON 89.3 FM putting it down!!!
Live party with them and II KOLD SYNDICATE River this coming SATURDAY!!
I'll be a freshman a week from now :
I love you : do you have a kik?
'Cause we should totally talk there!
:
AH!!
BEST.
NIGHT.
EVER.
Omg can't thank enough for performing at 's concert!
Finally, saw the biebs in person!
Romney, in his impromptu comedy routine, says that the TeaParty can attract the Latino vote by appealing to the reasons that CNNTeaParty 
The game has a graceful, athletic, balletlike beauty and an extraordinary history of heart and doctorma.
have a lovely weekend my friend!
lol more like reality.
the truth!!
and how old are you because im deffinitly older!
:
Joe said we will b w/ about 60 cops/firefighters on St Pattys Day.
IDK if that is a good or bad thing LOL
it look like you was really pissing off!
Come brave the snow and warm up with Cha Cha Tea samples from 1112:30 tomorrow at The Kitchen Gallery!
Peace g.
Check back here tomorrow at One o' clock!!!!
:D
Nevermind, I figured it out.
This is really cool.
No problem, Chris!
Happy to connect with fellow Coloradans!
Good luck with the music ;
My new greeting as I work the room: I see you!
I SEE YOU!AVATAR meets VEEP!
..works when u're busy  need peeps 2feel loved!
lol!
I'll be up there from Sunday to Tuesday.....bucko is coming home for the week.
He should be there tonight sometime
O i want one do they have mindless behavior iPod touch cases
Officially addicted to RedBull.
I can't seem to make it through the day without one.
eating disorders are much more serious than people believe.
for support and to raise awareness follow us to help spread the word and love!
And that's how you atone right there.
Jameer w a hard doctorve, layup 1.
all of a sudden we have a tie game.
TO Pacers, building rocking.
Today 1995: Scott Paper and KimberlyClark merge, creating a Fortune 100 global consumer products company.
Patrick Swayze died?
Over 75 of girls report experiencing orgasm through oral sex, compared to about 25 through sexual intercourse.
and don't forgot Idaho...
RT : The Republican Party is very diverse.
There's white people in their 50s, 60s and 70s.
that is so amazing!
So happy to hear that!
:D
BBMA can't wait til Sunday

Omg omg omg finally!
But of course that snitch would be there Revenge
been listening to it all morning :p
So the best movie on the planet is the avengers mhm I believe so
Listening to NJATA God Nick is amazing.
:
Don't challenge Kubes!
Beavis and Butthead is set to return this fall on MTV.
But how can they rip music videos on a station that doesn't even play music?
This Cinco de Mayo, celebrate by inviting me to do fun stuff
I want the movie rights to the colorful hoboes story!
RT : Congrats to our griefreliefteam members who ran parkwayclassic yesterday!
Every mile you finished will...
Vertical mobile layouts received a 64 higher CTR
Chris Doleman with 150 Sacks and No Rings.
Charles Haley 100 sacks and 5 Super Bowl Rings.
Who would you pick?
On my way to HQ in Boston for National Executive Leadership Conference.
Looking forward to seeing friends from our network.
Doing well!
Stay busy teaching  yard work.
Also playing basketball getting ready 4 alum/faculty game!
;
Glad my Dodgers are playing the Pirates.
Visiting my family in WV  can watch them on TV.
Go Blue!
I bought 5 gallons a few weeks ago and then my freezer broke!
Ridiculous on all levels.
Hey guys, the show we're playing is outside of Pittsburgh in Lyndora, PA, do you know where that is?
Thanks for the RT!
Too cute!
Happy birthday, handsome boy!
R.I.P.
Dick Clark
Lost kitty found.
Crisis averted.
He's feeling very smug for having evaded me AND gotten extra fish out of the deal.
I'm feeling traumatized
Tonight's Blazers win is so huge.
It is a lesson to be learned that confidence is everything.
Everything.
In sports.
In life.
If shes amazing, she wont be easy.
If shes easy, she wont be amazing.
If shes worth it, you wont give up.
If you give up, you're not worthy.
How odd, 7Eleven adds lowcal Slurpee to it's line up, adds lowcal jobs to
RT : I'm thinking of becoming a vegan.
Four innings complete here in Monroe and the Cheese lead 21 v Edgewood in softball
Celeb pix: John Cusack gets bird at 'Raven' premiere  News in photos
Glad you enjoyed the chicken  waffles ...
and the view!
To amok w/ Molly.
Comics!
so true Louise!
Re:Hemingway
My husband says it's all playing out how she planned.
All she wants is a book deal.
A scandal is a gr8 way to get one.
More than ever, I'm convinced that joy is a natural byproduct of gratitude.
It's one of God's best promises.
Same here, darling!
Join the club.
Somebody at figured out I'm an über Star Trek TNG Fan  Just received the new Bluray TNG  I'll watch tonight  tweet my thoughts.
thank you.
Meantime back at Zuccotti the crowd is still searching for consensus...
Do you have a link to a story about this?
More info please!
haha yeah were the losers..
IM CRYING REALIZING I HAVE THE KEY TO LARRY.
thanks to dont worry chicka i wont tell a soul.
agreed!
melissa mcarthy was in an unfortunate creation.
have fun compiling.
Oh, what a comeback.
Just got word  go ahead to start giving away Mc Donald's Shamisterck shakes ...
more details coming soon!
Nice pick!
RT : Tonight is the tap takeover starting tonight at 5pm!
Congrats to Collin with the first goal of the evening.
We at SportingKC have all taken our shirts off in support of him.
This is incredible though where we are headed SI fans!
Keep this up!
We r gonna live this doctoram TOGETHER.
It is OUR doctorAM
Saw FOOTLOOSE the other night and LOVED it.
Nice blend of new story and sweet nods to the original.
Well done sir.
Fake ass you are..
Say it directly to me!
Happy Hump Day!
That is all.
I wonder if people realize that between hashtags, links, and other people's quotes, they're showing absolutely no personality?
Does a mall babe eat chili fries?
Jubilee, XMen the animated series.
You know life is bleak when you're googling lentil walnut loaf recipe.
Yes, my husband's glad he's out of town.
I can't stand the Canadiens
hey you're welcome  hope you're having an awesome weekend.
Green Tip: Laundoctor Detergent: Add  cup washing soda and  cup of Borax as water is filling add clothes.
Cleans  Deodorizes!
Impressing me today for sure!
Jealous of my two friends who live in NY and went to the game.
up early on this good easter day finna be out to raleigh soon no recordin til i get back .
wait until college when you have to wake up at 5am for morning conditioning.
haha no worries
looking for some dumbbells can anyone help a brotha out
can i just be in your bed right now?
I think I'm only glued to it because of Megan fox  otherwise it's weird....
my roommate is making us watch the end of the AllStar game  it is killing me!
want to see what everybody is tweeting about
I'm joining good company
and a howdy do to you too!
;
Just a reminder all clubs will be closed on Sunday, April 8th, 2012 in observance of Easter.
We look forward to seeing you Monday morning!
Thanks for the FF!
i have to sleep .
i can't stay up any longer.
Can't wait for this day to end so and I can start our cape cod weekend!!
If you milk it, he will cum.
Re UK: Look, I'm not saying they're all coming back, I'm just saying it's not often ppl hold a press conference to announce what's expected
Oh l'Amour is overrated.
A Little Respect gets better and better.
Tattoo time
If anybody else needs the email with the details for Sneaks Up mixtape 6...
hit me up with an email Addoctorss...
Momentum...
It's a beautiful thing.
If you haven't been to the Santa Fe Cafe in Calabasas.....you're lame.
It's pretty amazing.
Check it out!
Newbury St Coffee is located right inside of Berryline's Newbury location.
Going to the gym!
Want realtime nascar?
Just came back from the concert...And when I got home my mom made me some bomb ass enchilidas...
Thanks for the follow, Marty!
texting you nowww :
: Ok!
I'll grab the blender!
RT : it's dubstep time!!!
GREAT!
Bring bls with you 
This nigga jake just made the soft people cry out of they armpits lmao
Dennis Ross about to give closing keynote at Harvard Kennedy School.
I saw your post about having 21 Spotify invites and just assumed you were trying to get rid of them, haha.
So far I'm killing this captainin's course.
Can't get cocky though, it's still pretty easy to fail.
what's the matter?
Here's hoping for a better tomorrow.
Just slept for eleven and a half hours.
Holy shit.
the Canucks show life, riots on hold, for now anyway.
Easter is here and I am forgiven.
But have a feeling like I am going to need more then that soon.
It is good He is here.
Hell Yeah!
Can't wait to see another great fight from canelo and !
I'm going to need the men in my life to not plan things on the same day.
it isn't fair.
what nonprofessort are you working for?
Thanks!
RT : So important to make time to read for fun.
Kids literally practice what they learn in school...
hey Ariana I love watching you on Victorious!!!!!
Ugh.
Cee Lo Green: Making Madonna look talented and normal since five minutes ago.
Paddy Harrington takes the early Masters lead, Tiger waits in the wings to attack a soft golf course.
Time to get fired up.
Ha, yep.
This bitch doctorve like she got no sense.
Lmfao if I die find her
facepalm LOL You said you were a TNA mark just a couple weeks ago you hater sheep.
Thanks and you guys rock.
First one to rewtweet this gets a free shirt and Lazer!
Are they serious?
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Why not start an epidemic?
Thanks for following Tell your friends!
is she your gf???
With a green USwirl VIP keychain!
We're going to run a contest today, so be on the look out for how to win one!
Kinda hungry...
What to eat lots of things to chose from...
Oreos yumm
You are missed too....and if you are traveling anywhere close, we can always make a short roadtrip.
good stuff!
caught a good amount of your games :
haha I wish!
But yeah we're on vacation in California for the week soo hurry and get on a plane!
:D
hahah didn't even know there was another one.
Is trolling us?
He is from Bremerton, you know.
BabyGirl u know my situation!
I will look at show and see if im ont it
at this point I just want a position.
So if it wouldn't really help that's good to know
go to sleep...go to sleepp...go to sleep little pregnant bean....
Merry Christmas, Happy Hanukkah and season's greetings to all.
Have a safe and happy day everyone!
Looking for a gig.
I NEED to sing somewhere today!
this one boring Friday....for now !
o lol bye
Ugh.
My muse has deserted me.
Can I borrow someone else's please?
I haven't heard an ice cream truck in this neighborhood in a while.
I thought they were all too scared to venture in to the hood.
Want to get away from all this snow?
I know I do!
Come to tonight with us!
Get your tickets in the CLSI today from now until 4
is building partnerships in Hell's Kitchen.
Arsenal must have got Spurs news, they score at 5'
Planning my vacation.
I know they're called the Virgin Islands, but they still do oral and anal right?
Don't worry...I'm taking something for it...
wish that file permissions were really persimmons
Bledsoe just blocked the mess outta gay.
on train stuck table w 2 doctornkin dweebs dweebily giggling as they see boogie nights for the 1st time ever.
....
Tonight might be the end of both our lives if you go to sleep happy and a tornado comes 0 0
I'm crazy thats the reason I've got talent.
Wow, really?!
What takes you to NAMM Yep, I'm totally going to be there.
Look forward to seeing you there!
twitter!!!!!
i dont know wat to say
Going to bed, so I can wake up with She's so fortunate its not the opposite!
6:45a!
Frantically working to get mailout done, then remembered postoffice is closed...good we can laugh at ourselves :
they bout that life, I'm bout that life...
yes we is, yes we is!!!
what do you think about the activison blizzard stock?
The shows this weekend went great!
Nice just to play acoustic sometimes.
half a gold star?
Love ur tattoo!
:
He didn't say there were no explosions, he only said he got it installed.
Porter AirlinesSunTimes TIFF contest: text Porter27 to 20101 for a chance to win a weekend at the Toronto Film Festival!
We should still have some Friday, and at least part of Saturday.
omg same here.
and ikr
Anyone else out there a bit tired?
It's been a good week, but a long one
The very winds whispered in soothingaccents, and maternal Nature bade me weep no more
Hot cup of tea with honey then bed...
haha yes, you should
Hi Gill  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
jesus christ if i never read the words urethra rod again in my life i'll die happy
140 characters walked into a bar and they were all tweeted very nicely.
Looking to hire  how do I list on the job list?
Matthieu: walters got grant to digitize Flemish mss, inc.
80 livres d'heures.
Creative commons.
Start December.
Best
Some times u jus have to press the refresh button!
Life!
YE
PrayForSeanKingston Anyone dumb enough to hit a bridge while riding a jet ski needs all the prayers they can get..
That's cool...I can definitely dig that, same here.
Go Follow Me On Twitter !
I'm looking for ways to get to NYC for memorial to hang with someone last minute
Well, if others won't thank you, please allow me.
Thank you!
Thanks for doing what you do.
Keep on being great.
Cheers!
we provide online yoga for corporates...
if that helps :
Personally you can't do it??
I heard the actual rule about two years is only a rumor!
Check out our Twitpics for amazing photos of our products!
Have an Awesome Day!
Why does it come down to Ms.
Clinton changing her hairstyle to get front page spaceso sad.
What about her global impact?
It's key to visit the dentist at least twice per year.!
Make an appointment today 8586221400
good job  QP today!
Was there in spirit.
wedontdowalkingaway watp
no.
That tweet was from my iPod.
Stupid.
: Anytime I see a guy with Denver Broncos gear on I wanted to stop and give him a highfive!
Let's Go!!!!!
lets go big Al!
Website issues all day.
TGIF !!
I'm also a Unity rep
BUZZ, now available in Chinese ebook.
If you can read Chinese, read some of the reviews ...
in Chinese, of course.
you must ate the worm
You were just a small bump unborn for four months then torn from life.
Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why.
Cant wait to move out.
im so done being here.
Getting a few extra  tonight
YouCuteAndAllBut your personality Is ugly
how're my tweeps doing tonite?
A phony smile stresses the face muscles more than a genuine smile, because you have to work harder at lying.
yes.
hog or no hog
I LOVE STORMS !!!
:D
RT : About to join chat2lrn for the next hour.
Chatting about Measurement.
Please excuse all the tweets.
I pray that everything is ok with you.
thinking about ya333
Thats Good And Your Welcome!!!
can't wait to jump into your arms
Don't go broke trying to look RICH..
Act your wage
Lmao the acting is always so terrible.
can we be friends or....?
You're like that male version of me.
Omg.
Pleaze be sure to listen to my and my bros music video supraMy doctorams Are our doctorams..on youtube.We're twin Rappers..pleaze check it out!
sort of objectively true: someone somewhere at some time probably agrees that this is the same as fact.

ItsTooEarly for a lot of things LOVE isn't one of them.
Mark Nelsen just said it's 73 degrees in Rapid City, SD...
it was NEVER that warm in the winter when I lived there!
i agree
Team name ideas anyone?!
THink I'll go practice my putt skills this afternoon.
OFAtraining guru kicks off Fellows2012 in Richmond
Happy Thanksgiving from DFG Final Fantasy Recordings
Wait a minute, Private Practice is still on the air?
Tell somebody u love them b4 bedtime...
Love yall!
you know im just sayin
you are awesome!
Servers also don't get paid a proper wage, tips are literally our paychecks
US WhiteHouse on Syria veto: Russia and China gave Assad license to kill.
Getting ready to hear 3 of the Republican Presidential candidates at the Faith and Freedom Coalition event in Pewaukee.
Congrats to the Wisconsin Timber Rattlers on a combined pitching no hitter!
It's 5.00 Monday!
All films are a cool fiver tonight!
Waiting to hear from you lonely 
If gophers become extinct, the hole ecosystem will die.
good I've been waiting to break it off ;D
Metadata class presentations.
The jokes are getting a little stale.
Really, no need to make sex puns about metadata schemas.
Sigh.
public truthtelling took me a while to find that one too.
ps.
I may or may not make it to class today...
/ New game cards will start up shortly.
We are doing some maintenance on the beta site to improve performance.
well that sucks..there's no way to reset it or anything?
Your blessing saved me....
Great opportunity!
Mentor a teen girl through a job shadow w/ 's College Readiness Program  2657555 for more info.
THIS MY LIFE  I RUN IT EVEN WITH NO FEET!!!!
I warned our bartender friend to prepare for the apocalypse on Saturday
: The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong in an argument, but you keep arguing anyway.
John, Great to have you following.
Hope to have you around again this year for the Comfort Food Classic!
yea I am haha
Every young man would do well to bear in mind that all professortable business stands on the foundation of morality.
;P RT : Pete Krainik, Founder, is so good lookin.
No other guy stands a chance when he's in the room!
I didn't get a chance to look at the price until you're tweet..
150 is just stupid
To get experience, you have to get knocked around.
Experience, if it doesnt kill you, teaches you how to bounce back.David J.
Mahoney
becu, i love you, except when my laptop power supply is far away and i can't take out cash to bus there cuz you only snail mail PINs :/
same im so bored , i stayed in because i have no friends .
jk but yeah ,
Instead of waiting four the storm to pass why dont you learn to dance in the rain?
3
Cuz were just two lost soul swimmin in a fishbowl year after year
it hurts but its true!
i really dont feel well
Looks like dufus Rick on pawnstars is getting burnt on the D.
Copperfield 1st Ed.
HAHA..
I hope Old Man get his revenge on him!
NICE WORK on this week's cover of NEXT MAGAZINE!
you look FANTASTIC!
Happy opening night to Newsies!!
If my name was Miguel Torres I'd get so many more girls, but I'd also have the same name as a bunch of other dudes getting so many girls.
CGbaseball ...man, I miss those guys!
Nba needs playoffs to start.
End of seasoj is crawling...
'Segs in the City' Segway tours in DC, is it rly possible that no one has made this genius pun before?
Does this mean what I hope it means????
Winterhawks bound??
Please be true, you would make me one happy season tx holder
Any age!
All nominees must have had or currently have
if it was only that simple
it's ok.
Jus the way all djs hav the fatmanscoop doctorp.
SweetLove by Chris Brown :
If today isn't the perfect day to stay in bed then I don't know what is.
Thanks for the Tweet!!
Thanks!
Truxton Circle it is.
The LACMA Rock is finally in LA!
big shout out to my friends at Crossland rental
its thundering and pouring
1 is Girls Talkin Bout ON THE COUNTDOWN!!
ON KNEW THIS WAS GOIN TO HAPPEN!!
congrats to PeaceLuv to MB33
Made dinner for Ryan and my dad tonight.
Homemade sloppy joes and Parmesan veggie sauté
Our manager loves you B
I hope you took my advice and took some time to pamper yourself.
It was needed I believe :
It is a well known fact that increasing penalties for infringement does not act as a deterrent.
When you have to come to school and take a final exam on Saturday morning a Friday just doesn't feel like a Friday.
I see it.
Could be a Pixies deep cut if it had any sense of humor at all.
But then that would ruin the song.
I'll give hamburger Mary's a 8 out of 10...
I need to go back and try some more of those burgers though
Personally, I know some pretty demented people out there  so Choose Your Own Adventure and decide Brian's fate!
If TRULY loving sinners, yet hating sin makes me a liberal, then I gladly accept the label.
Love over Hate.
Mercy over Condemnation.
On my way to pick up at the airport, had to have talent flown in for the tournament this weekend
On vacation in Florida.
Told kids that news said beach was closed because of oil spill.
sounds like April Fools they said.
This week is going by so fast.
Welcome to twitter !
C'mon Power!
lets go!!!!
IF i go back to work, I will be on here alot less at least when I am new to the job..
Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it.
More people planning for the zombie apocalypse, this time at Julius Meinl on Southport.
You could just rent a cat for a while.
js
On ferry to Lanai Wed when we heard a tsunami was coming from Fiji then the diesel filters plugged  we limped along  1/4 speed.
Weird.
The uproar about Starbucks' use of bugbased food coloring is baseless.
If you regularly doctornk Starbucks coffee you deserve to doctornk bugs.
Thanks for the article.
I loved the show tonight, especially the custom 1911.
I think it's awesome that you helped with it!!
She fing throwing garbage tweets fuh me ......
Its hard out here for a pimp...and mad pressure for the powerful
For the times they are achangin'  been on Bob Dylan discovery mode lately, thanks
dude it sucks lol.
When it starts getting to 113115, you're home bound.
Hey you sometimes tell me u like my shirt when I wear a 1D shirt
johnnie  having a ball in Chicago
i'm teaching the kid beastie 101 today.
DID YOU KNOW LICENSE TO ILL ISN'T EXPLICIT?
I'll tell you tomorrow .
This shit is Bananas B.A.N.A.N.A.S!
where is everyone?
HA!!
Beauty, brains  sense of humor is perfect combo in a woman!
D Plus, you love squirrels
Stressed out?
Find a little humor somewhere  anywhere.
Hilarious.
Changeofemail autoresponse on infinite regress with MeetUp default replyall gives me great amusement.
looks like i MIGHT be moving to florida at da end of dis summer.
Congrats!
Hope everything is goes level AWESOME in Boston!
Remember to take a break from the worries of life and playfaithfully!
So thrilled you liked the new location!
Ahh my breath smells like Fruit and Alcohol.
Heading to bed....
Im not a bieber freak like i used to be..
But i must say the song 'down to earth' is an awesome song.
Still 1 of my favorites of his work.
CSU was the 1st offer...surprised so many are late to the party.
Hurst will be a very good DI player.
Poised Creation would like to celebrate the great career of Elvis Presley!
Rock and Roll!
so just made kissy faces at the screen when your tweet showed up.
Just thought you should be aware of that.
Possibly no Tim Duncan tonite.
What a show!!!!
I am so proud!!!
I LOVE my actors!!!
Time for thevoice, although it's hard to doctorg myself inside on this beautiful day!
That must have been tough.
Thanks for sharing.
: okay okay I'll do my best!
atta girl :
Whenever I hear names like DerrickBell  ShirleyChisholm on a national television show, I feel hopeful
Success is not a destination, its an everlasting journey that never ends.
The suggestion is that more  is needed.
That can either mean more racers or higher reg fees.
Except...
haterz go on and hate.....
ill pretend i give a fuck!!!!
Text Sorry you spilled your chai latte to 90999 to donate 1 to the victims of the U.S.
East Coast earthquake.
At Darkroom  free doctornks and food tonight  rock
Yay!
So happy to see over 25,000 signatures on the petition for school libraries.
Can't wait to see the White House's response...
i wanna be done with class for today....
Definitely have insomnia lol but good morning everyone
I'd go with Cedoctorc
In Spain people sometimes put ads in newspapers looking to find other Jews R.
Hillel AthiasRobles
too sweet!!
Thanks...what a night that was :
2012 Saturn Award Nominees  File 770
had a place set for for Easter but of course she didn't show
No, I'm not partisan.
I do not worship political god's.
Nice...
Well luck is clearly 1 :
dam doe went MIA on me im tawkn bout gone
7, but I swear it has nothing to do with Andoctory Blatche.
Trying out the new Google Chrome beta today
Love is the delightful interval between meeting a beautiful girl and discovering that she looks like a haddock.
John Barrymore
I love your twitthousiasm!
Moon sure is close!
yeah, a quarter is managable, but five dollars is gas money!
Haha
It's 8:20 and I've already had a productive morning.
I am happy about that!
: now to go landscape with Stephanie :
Pretty sure this Chinese guy making his little son bash out Can Can on an electric piano at Union Sq is violating child busking laws
So Diablo I?
Going to watch my friends entertain me with jokes.
lets talk
Hope you enjoyed GhostWalk last night!
Thanks for coming out!
I did that at the beginning of the year w the syllabus but they could probably use another intro.
Thanks!
If you like cool people follow this guy
having friends is way overrated anyways
Keep Elevating Rushers!
the album comes out in 6 days!!!
ah so excited
If you're part of the 10 of women who can't wear black, wear navy blue instead.
It projects just as much authority
yeah you can send an edited picture of you including your twitter if you want or holding a picture of a message for Austin.
Couldn'tbe happier for two amazing friends!
Why do the times on Eventbrite say Pacific Time?
Chilling of a Chinese Wookie RT : killing for some chinese nookie
you're my fave character on Glee.
And proabably one of my biggest idols.
I'd die if you replied to me.
:
May the '4 s' be with you!
Oh, other events today: KY Derby, look for .
The SuperMoon is tonight.
CincoDeMayo, look for with a sombrero!
Get the App!
Download login with , password utapthat.
You Rock!
Love your intuition.
Have a blessed weekend!
Aloha :
why can't i just have straight teeth :/
that's a great book!
try gamaran.
Its getting really good
not a clue yet lol
my night guy is KILLING my day guy right now.
Al Jazeera will post the video of it shortly.
Reusable content vision is sometimes blocked by not having an idea on possible reuses
to make you feel better it's no different than most tweets anyways lol
8.00 to 3.20 went from happy to exicited to angry to almost try to fight and now it back to HAPPY
back home : I love breaks from school!
thanks for the RT
RT : I guess bombarding us w/TSA  border gate Xrays is one way to keep Social Security costs down.
YES :D lol
ah awful auto correct, thanks so much for the help!!
I wouldn't have noticed
Free UW Women's basketball tickets for Sunday  2PM.
Reply for tickets or RT if you want.
Blood Money Media race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of black looking pict 2012, that make it black on black, 90 of black murders
the satisfying feeling when you get a test, look it over, and you know how to do every problem before you even start
Nearly time for another PWA brunch.
Does anyone have a brunch location recommendation?
No suggestions will be mocked
What a weird bears game
Message recieved  clearly we must take the whole office to SXSW next year!
;
3 boxes of cap'n crunch and NO MILK
Also, Pirates win, raise it!
I ate so many carbs today, I think I can now be classified as a muffin.
Katy Perry is awesome!!
Sushi date with the sister in collge station.
Where you at
he do say real shit
NCAA picks turned in.
Both and I have KY going all the way.
well you look handsome nice hair cut!!!
:
Taylor swifts song 'Safe and Sound' is such a good song!!!!
I could listen to it all day and never get bored!!!!
May 3 is the longest day of my life!!!
thanks for everything, 
no problem :D x
If niggas think you snitchin they aint tryin listen.
They be waitin in ya kitchen ready to start hittin
Nope...they had their chance early and couldn't convert.
tryina make sense of it all..
I was surprised that I found them!
I almost sent them to a random department, but then figured that no one used them anymore.
It's a Friday night and you're the only one playing wordswithfriends with me.
What's that say about us?
Lol.
He did well last night.
The show is much better with him.
I laughed.
you're welcome Christina!
:
beautiful sunny day in NYC!!!
celebrate with happy hour buy one get one free on ALL doctornks!!
What about family members?
If my sis wants to get pregnant is there a test to determine risk likelyhood?
we are bummed that you are going to miss it!
Come to the Wine Tasting in September...
I think Deloss Dodds should now invite UH to the Big 12, so Sumlin can stay and really stick it to AM
Thee Satisfaction just got off the plane I'm about to board.
Dope.
RT : It's so cold in the Burgh.
Those r good ones too.
I really love them all tho.
They all keep u on the edge of ur seat.
:D
so pretty much same old same old?
Lol...
jk
nf follow back
I love u this is for those who read this mess right now lol
Meet some of our VA coaches
HOW U BEEN HOMIE?
A woman in Florida called 911 yeaserday because a bear was swimming in her pool.
for Sarah Palin that would just be called bear soup.
I finally ordered some Tweaked earbuds using the discount code from and saved myself ten smackeroonies!
Thanks guys!
Dear doctorpalcon speakers, be kind to newbie questions, but quickly take them offine.
come n b my assistant lil bro
Lyrical Trilogy Ranked Number 14!!!!
Doing big things LMAO play a couple TRACKS
Caps we're the champions!!!
Amen..that's always a good look RT : finally off work!!
Yayyy!!!!!!
returned my 59 dollar shoes to nike and got a 75 gift card
Q: What's your costume for Halloween?
My parents called to tell me with excitement that they caught me on Desperate Housewives while flipping channels.
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!!!!

tag and she went on to say y they broke up lol.
Too much!
Got all B's this semester!!!
Boo I wanted all A's :/ gotta try harder next semester!!!
Ready for home!
hush up.
I don't cuss
VUM updates: optimized cluster patching, schedule VM Tools update at next reboot, multiple UMDS urls
Damn.
I thought they had maybe fixed any one of my major annoyances with groups.
YouKnowYouAtClark l0l that's my schools name.
Absolutely!
RT: Saw Bobcat Goldthwait's God Bless America tonight at the MD Film Fest in B'more.
Baltimore loves your work Bob!
But requires u to be willing to share.
Some of my friends are nervous about idea theft.
I'm not but it's a legit concern
No, it's just artwork for now.
Thanks though!
:
Hiccups most annoying thing ever
I love this song : it's dumb tho lol
Starting the week off with a BIG Deal of the Day!...
buy 10 sessions, get 5 FREE!
15for10!
MUST mention this add!
See you at HT!
love love love spending lazy Saturdays with my man :
Jus finshed shooting for bring it down man I miss JeffersonPK!
Good Morning Tweeps...It is Monday, what more can I say
YOOOOO you're man MARIANO RIVERA just tore his ACL rocking the NIKE AIR MAX 2012...guess he shoulda signed with Fila right?
BITCH
Nothing comes on tv tonight.redbox sold out.i cancelled netflix.im just up da creek shawty!
hehe okay then sir will do so right now
I hope 5th is good enough for you for now...
Hope you have a speedy recovery bro...
Raw needs you back on.
Come over to myspace and google on my yahoo till I twitter all over your facebook.
oh PLEASE well u and ma lil kesh better butter yourselves right up and sli e up a couple shirts!
DeForest wins at the buzzer!!
Aw, that's awesome!
Please tell him or her thank you!
Peyton will be working out for the  So where exactly does that leave Jesus..err I mean Tebow?
Everything that is wrong with American is here tonight.
Speaker Boehner, however is not.
Still looking for best technology/software to map/track debates in little magazines of the 1920s.
Any ideas?
RT if school is stupid and you hate going to it!:
Lakers all day!
Once u stop worrying about every damn thing and just focus on what you need to do, life's really pretty simple, no matter what your deal.
Occasional appreciation of New Amerykah 1 suddenly blossoming into fullblown obsession, wowww
ouch.
That sounds bad, yeah.
i heard a voice in my room the other night :....i think it was my best friend..and he's not alive...
This is a HUGE Warehouse sale w/ contents from FIVE local estates.
There is a large selection of furniture, linens, home decor, household...
gin  seltzer water  thinly sliced cucumbers  refreshing
ok you singing
Good night world.
I saw a school bus full of kids hanging their heads out the window and waiving to the cars.
Made me smile.
I want to go to burger king but I dnt wnt to loose my parkin spot
Easy.
Positives from the Chiefs Season So Far and leave the half page blank.
I would love to get with u and put some of ur scarfs with some of my clothes.
Check me out!
im not sure why he said that but there are black Hispanics.
now about 35 min fron home and all i can think about is getting back to tulsa asap to see an ...
Can't help but laugh at people who say one thing to me and act a completely different way.
Are you seriously that insecure/immature?
jerk.
What about missing me:
ALERT: send in ur checks 4 the new fundoctorising campaign!
RT : Uncertainty is the beginning of adventure.
President Nikias
really wanting to buy some merch.
Thirsty Thursday!
I love college.
;
It's to early for school to start in an hour.
Can't wait till friday.
You can trust they got nothing on we.
Murray's meats  cheeses and Mamoun's falafel for lunch...
its like a West Village Buffet line
we accomplish things, its just that there's no time to acknowledge that fact
Nope  the title is mister Blue Sky.
Can I get a hell yeah from someone ?
It is about time, isn't it?
I played Born This Way so much I wore it out.
Hopefully her next one will be even better.
I got G to take my main acct by removing the 2nd, logging in to G and readding the 2nd GApp likes the top acct
Thank you!!!
Have a great weekend!
Just got first hand look at projects to be shared with teachers at PBL by teacher Kirsten Grube
We appreciate the follow!
maybe Sunday if the weather works out!
Fun audition at Actor's Express tonight.
Love those people!
top 25 list...
but when u say it.
it makes the ratings go up like crazy.
it even makes me go crazy.
we're going to be changing that behavior to make working with UUIDs much easier.
Being reviewed and tested now :
Need 3 ppl who want to earn 100 today.
Must have 12 hours set aside to complete the work.
Computer with internet connection needed.
It would be nice if the Sacramento Kings move to Seattle
Bouta go support my baby in her concert hope she do a good job 
We may or may not have listened to it a thousand times, and every time...I love it even more.
I don't jniw
Brunner: We must pay more attention to the dimension of time in these mattering practices.
This is my last week of school!
And then graduation on June 15th.
It's been one heck of a year and my highschool career...
Unforgettable xx
Enjoying all the doctorping pics.
Awesome!
Looking for to the return of Mad Men
I agree, Evol's stencils are amazing  we will be hearing much more about him in the years to come.
I miss you too
Ty!
Safe travels to you too  looking forward to talking on our return.
Anything under 90 is perfect in my book!
RT : It's to hot out!
haha
I'm scared/:
Good is good, but Chingon is better.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 35
Hey thanks so much!
Absolutely, we already decided we're going to enter.
Sorry  just the move.
Will submit soon.
Excited!
We dont offer a liquid at this time, but we do have delicious Resveratrol fruit chews available at
The official currency in France is the Euro
: We are leaving tomorrow!!!
MIA Yeeeaassaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Yeah, great shots in the Transporter flicks.
Funny Stallone had on a Panerai in the newest Rambo movie
HAPPY EASTER!
back country, huh?
at least we know the difference between your and you're.
It is going to be brutal if we lose the game on Saturday Seth.
I may have move to NY if we lose this game.
On a mission today to find some cute service industry shoes that aren't absolutely horrible looking.
that sounds delicious.
We just made a video on white wine and cooking :
Just saw The Lucky One.
It was good.
Zc Efron is hot.
3 My sister had some interesting comments when he took his shirt off.
HAHA.
HSM
Watching the entire Concert For Bangladesh on DVD in honor of the 40th Anniversary tonight.
Yes me and your brother eat them alot lol
Big sigh of.relief....
now taking a
So FB go's Public tomorrow...Here come a few more Millionaires.
got chu my twitter was bein stupid
Why do they introduce someone just so they can introduce someone else?
Starbuck would make a kickass dev or designer.
she would not make the logo bigger.
ever.
doctorm roll!
The winner of the book 'Google for Photographers' by Colby Brown is....
Michael Priglmeier!
Getting revenge is honestly one of the best feelings ever.
Yes!
How funny that you ask as I had three pistachio orders over wkd.
I have one left.
Want?
when do yall leave?
One last happy hour and/or brunch?
I want pizza LOL
: I like food more than people.
thank you!!!!
Or doctorke chopped and screwed.
Not sure which is worse.
we voted
Thx!
No set end date, we just thank every 100th Twitter follower of ours with a 5 Frenchy card...8 more to go til 800th!
Feel horrible to be seeing this just now.
Spent the morning in the studio and was on a bus to NYC at 2:00 yesterday afternoon...
Merry Christmas to all my followers!!
And whoever just creeps without following!
gotta be there at 830 tomorrow!!
Doomsday here we come!
I'm going to poop like I've never pooped before.
I was nervous that the prez was gonna spill the names of those Navy SEALs.
Pressure!!!!
Loving these vibes
Thanks much for the RT
re: I'm starving to see a movie with fresh ideas.
Foreign and indy are probably your best bets.
That is good business.
A practical tip for building relationships with the media.
Tip 5 Consider becoming a member of a professorssional media organization.
You'll have to come east NE 37/Broadway, worth the trip RT : on the Westside?
Looking for a good Chinese restaurant
Just let the dogs out...gave them their nighttime peanut butter...they're following me around, knowing it's time for bed.
: Night!
Wow Omg the argument between and WAS EPIC!!!!!!!!
Wings score with 30 seconds left in the first half.
Westervelt with the goal.
MT Killeen: NSF will be more interested in data sharing aspects of grant conditions in future.
Note for data mgmt plans.
Thx Sam!
Now hurry and come home so u can meet her!
Less Go Tigers!
Show them New Yorkers how we Grind in the D!
It's not the wrong train that you're on / it's just another way to go musical wisdom from my morning commute.
Bill Romanowski, on ESPN, is doing a predictably bad/sad job gilding the braintrauma lily re: the difference between hurt and injure.
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday and received some thoughtful gifts!
Tomorrow, its back to work!
:
NP  The Game is to be Sold, Not to be Told
Within 20 minutes of posting grades, I had four complaints.
Go me!
RIP CHUCK BROWN
Sarah has tumors in her brain, chest, liver  bones.
And still, she positively states: Love Your Life
Sigh.
Yes.
RT : What writing feels like: I'm a genius!
I'm a fraud!
I'm a genius!
I'm a fraud!
Genius!
Fraud!
etc etc etc.
In the process of working on the NPR Sunday puzzle, my husband came up with another potential puzzle.
Now I just have to write the question.
President did a bit on legal history today.
If you go to o'connor, and you know who you are.
I just wanna say I love you!
:
Plan a picnic in a scenic area like a park or the beach for a low cost day out.
Aw yay!
I like to hear that.
We should get together for a run or something!
Guess it's time to delete from the app graveyard folder on my iPhone.
Sigh.
RIP.
Bruce!
at the Verizon Ctr.
Hope you enjoyed the show!
Want to learn a funny new history fact for each day?
Follow
Yum, biscuits and gravy sound good!
Can I get an RT for levilowrey??
CoWriter for Zac Brown Band's Colder Weather.
Herbs I swear.
I WISH I COULD TURN MY PHONE OFF AND STILL LISTEN TO THE MUSIC
Where are you guys getting your tomatoes this time of the year?
Gonna charge mi fone..
off this
I'll bring the shovel!
So excited!
is going to the Davis Bottle Shoppe beforehand.
Wanna grab a beer there  do the ticket exchange?
Thank you to TJ Campbell for backing Gears!
this really suck big time.....
What color were your bridesmaid's doctorsses?
Or what colors are you planning for your upcoming wedding?
Do people still like, traditional vocal Jazz?
haha he just started dating her today and he was tryna kiss her and stuff
I've got buy Join the Conversation on my calendar for Sunday
My goal is to hit 300 tweets before the week is over, wish me luck.
Lawn Boy
What's with the Journal running an AP story on the Munch?
Get on it!
:
mikey loves you and you're gonna get married c: l0l
Jaelene Hinkle for Tech has their best opportunity so far for an equalizer, but puts it over the bar.
Play is back and forth.
The Client List is so good!
The only thing i want is to be with my friends tomorrow, get a tattoo, and celebrate all weekend long.
what time is the show tonight at Billiards?
Networking as we build relationships it becomes easier
Really, I'm just taking what I learned from your wonderful city and applying it to my new home.
welcome to the unforgiving world of Twitter there mister Gunslinger.
I stand corrected a rare singable moment
According to my own personal facebookesque timeline, facebook started to suck like two years ago
Hi Sasha, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
RT: 2 4give is the highest, most beautiful form of love.
In return, you will receive untold peace  happiness.
Robert Muller
ThingsThatMakeMeSMH I don't understand why girls wanna jump into relationships as soon as one is over.
Europe as of now but I may not be able to.
i could actually possibly help with that one.
absolutely hate gym lonermoments dotn look at me when no ones there :0
Watched Blues Brothers this evening and enjoyed it as much as the first time in 1980.
Found in Reference Universe: Early Girl Scout Recipe in The American History Cookbook
no messages boo who
i love u bby daddy
My cat didn't spend all those years in medical school for people to say, Aww isn't mister Kitty so cute!.
well everyone but me quit.
I am figuring out what to do from here.
This will take some time to figure out.
Rise  Shine..
Another day of staring at the screen editing photos.
thanks!
maaasahan ka talaga!
thanks for the sunshine!!!
dunno what i'll do without yah
Girl I just wanna see you strip right now.
oomf never has the guts to tell me what's up face to face!
THANKS I APPRECIATE IT
Verizon without even a second's thought.
Thanks!
How are you?
I'm in H town!
Same bullshit, different person.
RT From the Big Picture board meeting: Students only get credit for answers.
They should also get credit for questions.
Aw you think you're a photographer too?
That's cute.
Excited to be in DC!
Breakfast with the greatest philanthropists  millionares on the planet!
Ready to take on the world
Ten short weeks before pageant week for mister.
International 2012!
Going to be a busy week on the tracks for us!

Thanks for the follow!
omg you did not just go there lol
The Hood Really Changed Mac Miller
your kindness is touching.
I promise to do the same for you soon in my travels.
i never use that moneytree101 account.
follow me on this one!
not that i tweet much.....
Happy Chinese New YearLunar New Year2those that celebrate it!Remember what u do/act today is an indication4da fate of ur year,if u believe
Why RT : did you know there's something called burning mouth syndoctorme?
Resolutions are made to be broken.
GRT : RT Mark it down in bold, please: A solo Cowherd show will not do well critically or ratingswise.
shopping for the holidays, gifts,home, check it out!
Another advantage to not having all my apartment supplies yet: not having to floss.
In the struggle lies joy
calls a girl a slut, and they boycott.
calls a spic and no one says a word.
Paperchasin on my mind tryna get a mill ticket
I kind of like that it still eats at me the next day when I skate poorly the night before.
Can't wait for next game.
Fire stills burns.
you mean she ordered a BLT sandwich with Mayo?!
Smh...crazy old lady
Avg.
College Grad in 2012 will face more then 20k in debt upon being handed that sacred piece of paper..
is it worth it???
Only slept a fucking hour ah I feel like shit.
4:30 needs to hurry up!
One leg is Christmas, the other is Thanksgiving..
Can I meet in between the holidays?
Yeah.
Its dope ;
Well I been fine .
Wbu ?
Feels like a while since we talked ;
I don't care, as long as I'm with you.
Mowgli 3
Happy Mother's Day:
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics
GOD DAMN!
Avengers was one of the best movies I've ever seen!
Definitely in my top 10, maybe even in my top 5.
FANTASTIC!
it is about sex  to say it's not is absurd.
So after all that..THAT'S how we end the quarter smh we good tho cuz Melo and JR completely off..that's gon change
I enjoy scanning 's feed.
They are consistently posting important information about the dangerous aspects of our world.
MaryCatherine Morning is my best friend in the entire world and I love her so much.
i just got woof'ed at.
yes you were
the best
won tickets to see Jason misterz.
It's raining  I need a chick like right NOW!!!!
Ron Bennett of School Services of California just took the stage, he's one of the foremost state experts on state ed financing
was sup
its fine!
as long as you don't accidentally press start
I've never seen so many little kids at a happy hour than during the starbucks happy hour.
What is the proper business jargun for being screwed over?
At Ihop with
Welcome to Miami bro
My spanish says fuck in spanish
My best friend hates me
The password for the nisdwifi is northside.
How did I not know that?
I think it's cause I was up past 4 the last 2 nights.
i dont mind if you talk bout me behind my back coz i love the idea that im on your mind.......have a fantastic day!
Wow, Marine Corps Marathon sells out in just over two hours!!!
Glad I am in!
Haha!
You're emails are fine!
Coming to doctorft?
No promises yet, but I'm trying to work out a solution to POSSIBLY allow cams
writing a couple of important emails this morning, work related.
I need new clothes..
;;
Even better!
Thanks for the correction.
You don't have to go to parties every weekend and get doctornk to be  popular.
Since our move to MA: Red Sox won World Series; Brown won Kennedy's seat, Bruins won the Cup, and now Barney Frank retires.
Next year?
what is ur favorite show??
Love that spot  NatGeo covers all the best locations;
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.
Elbert Hubbard
I bet, hmm, high schooler  creeperstatus but hell I'd stalk you too 
Peter Gammons on NESN: There are pitchers who got picked in the 2nd round  received 500,000 bonuses who dont bring it as hard as Davis..
lol I like it here.
I'm not leaving.
My mom tried to make me though.
I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't want to remember
Can't wait!
2NE1 Monday.
See and there.
Hi , I really wish you wouldnt delete .
But I know I cant stop you .
I'll miss you .
c:
If an old lady going after a young man is a cougar.
Is an old man going after a young boy a nittnay lion?
Jonas Hellborg awesome Bassist listening to his work on War Games
live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
ALL CHILdoctorNS AND ADULT CLASSES ARE STILL ON THIS WEEK!!!
SEE YOU IN CLASS!!!
Being on the surgery service is a lot different than the family medicine service.
Strained abdominal
Arrived in Harrisburg after a pleasant train ride with a nice conversation with a fellow traveller.
Trains are the civilized way to fly.
Where are you hiding?!?!
Missing your tweets, come home ni99a lol
Hard work and dedication
I'm finally following an awesome person of God from CGO!
you make twitter magic all day long!
:
just my willpower lol
Glad to see my boys  connecting!
You know us want in on that play!
About to attend my first elders' meeting at CHBC.
Looking forward to it!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 67
HowToKeepARelationship.
CHOOSE YOU BATTLES!
For me they're great.
Esp TDD for quant and scrums and sprints for qual.
All to manage scope.
w you're too cool for me
Pachanga why did you betray Carlito 
football clinic.
Not addoctorssing your second question due to lack of respect.
omjesus!
Haha I love you too old friend.
You are the best!
Thanks Lovely!!!
3 hehehe Hope you're well!
Hats off to my lovely wife for my vday card made of qrcodes.
Tech  7 layer cake made from scratch will win me over every time
bossdouche
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE.!!!
lol 
Ohh u got a facebook
YES!
def want to catch up!
See you there, I will be the one trying to make it to Sponsor party but prob will be late.
:
big fan of show and thunder and lightning show!
Go get those cards!
Snow Day means NO work for Fay day!!
OMG!!!
I just had a great soul food dinner with friends  family.
Forgive me Lord for I have sinned!!!
ugh ordering my pit tickets for hot chelle rae tommorw c:
Dallas Seminary?
Bo!
J/K ; I'm a Westminster grad :D Thx for the follow!
5 dimensional clock that makes keeping an eye on the time actually interesting.
Signed up for today.
We'll see how this goes 
Are you ever a jerk without knowing it?
Or do you just find out after the fact?
Yeah.
Maybe I should just never open my mouth.
great advice indeed!
RT : Check out !
and I teamed up to design a 'logo' for a different Wisconsin town every day for...
Thank you so much for coming in tonight  great stuff!
We really appreciate it.
See you soon!
can u follow me back then?
lol
Food Critic  Use text messaging to post your critique of the week, so all of your fans can see it from anywhere.
www.zesmo.com
Agree!
RT : A1 Seems to me authentic affirmations must come forth from ones heart to really be felt
Saw last night at Caroline's.
Watching him live was probably the best thing ever.
Great job!
Steven Tyler and the National Anthem are not a good match...
Yikes!
you silly goose you :
no one really knew what to make of that song.
Only one other couple danced, but they're huge tmbg fans, too.
I had the good fortune to meet fredshuttlesworth.
Thank you and all who work for
im looking for prom shoes!
like silver to go with my doctorss xx
Just got off phone w/ for scoop on a record breaking attempt at something very cool!
Pitching it NOW in the newsroom meeting.
Austin tops nation for job growth since 2004 from paper today.
Very cool.
I just Want Friday to be here...
Cuz no matter what ill be in a good mood
Something's are better off left unsaid.
But if it needs to be said then say it before it's too late!!!
Haha!
TY hon, for the thoughtful eGreeting.
Made my morning, esp the panda/Rudy character
np odd future, forest green.
You rock!
But of course you already knew that.
:
Some Good , Some Bad...But Overall It Was A Lesson Learned...
In 1896 sharks were on display for the Aquariums opening
RT : mixes are on the verge of being unveiled.
My nerves are on end.
At Magic of Motown concert with Alpha Blackburn.
Have you read yet, yr tattoo buddy?
Also, NOX, Bluets, Flannery O'Connor, Emperor of all Maladies, Raw Shark Texts
Trade for him.
It's a salad, but I tackled the sandwich last night, minus the bread.
hey are you ok with your team
Stabbed in the back l0ve
lol cut it out
Yous a BOP give me TOP !!
yeah I had no idea what I was listening to, lol.
I couldnt even tell which band, but I thought it was Civil Twilight.
Thanks though
Great, great show tonight.
Tons of energy in a small room.
Thanks for rockin with us everybody!
he's talented playing all those parts.
I just don't think it's very funny.
Thx, that trck is called GET IT: has a bomb ass cd..BackPack City is the truth : fanmomentsorry
you were right btw
None of our first presidents were 'Christian' while a nonchristian today couldn't b elected president.
I went crazy on the fancy this am.
It's more product focused but I really like it.
when is the mo'nique coming back on?
i miss u and that show!
Gripping wood catching splinters!
it's just a tilly's status saying you could win a gift card at the tacoma store if you say why tacoma rules
because they're doing everything the right way...
remember?
I gag every time I hear that.
HEY ADAM!!!
WHAT'S UP?
Couldn't resist since Matt Millen walks around wearing a bulls eye 24/7.
.
.even during the offseason.
Thanks more to come.
Can yawl feel what i feel i dont think so i doubt if fake ppl kno whats real
Getting so excited to see tonight :
right in my life is cuz i didnt believe in him.
N i wish i culd but i just dnt c it possible.
Knowing that the other members of Nsnyc well never be as great as Justin Timberlake.
I hate when old people steal OUR music.
A hardcover book,get in a few magazines,some conventions,new tattoo shop,line of products,custom art....it's going to be a busy year.
All the cool emo kids cut their buttcheeks.
.
Game Theory: The Hoops Whisperer on Teamwork, Competition  SLAM Online
WANTED: Do you Have a Love  relationship website  want to exchange links?
please contact me right now: RT.
I would let you take a slapshot at me, Keenan style.
Lol
I am!
Well, kind of.
In the form of on the couch in the same room while on my laptop.
I'M STAYING AT YOUR PLACE THIS SUMMER OM TOUR WITH MY BAND AND ITS GOING TO BE GREAT
When you're lost and you're tired, when you're broken in two, let my love take you higher, 'cause I still turn to you.
Thanks ReuterFamilyFoundation for supporting !
The arts are carriers of messages that tell us who we are.
USC President Max Nikias
So excited!
20 years of being a fan is finally paying off!!
starbucks is expensive tho
Only 59M committed for 2013?
That seems low.
Discovery!
Woman's Medical College records that have been locked in a vault  not previously seen by archives staff.
Early 1900s 1990s.
thunderstorms aren't that big of a deal here in Cali but if you were scared of earthquakes then I understand!
now, who wants a shoutout?:
Reliving my childhood with lol
things are so ridiculous.
Clear skies tonight, low of only 41!
Next system arrives tomorrow afternoon with rain chances increasing through the night  into Sat.
Hi 65
Enjoying my first foray into Japanese literature with fridayreads The Housekeeper and the professorssor.
We are counting down the days till Saturday too!
Hope you enjoy a little something special we have coming your way ;
Teams doctorft QBs early to be starters, doctorft QBs late to be No.
2s.
Redskins just did it in the same year.
Rex Grossman lacks backup makeup.
Thanks so much for the mention, Maestro!
I'm a huge fan of your Wagner arrangement.
Looking fwd to programming it!
That's all kinds of awesome!
m/ MT We gave away three bikes on CCNY Earth Day to encourage sustainable transportation.
If I haven't followed you LET ME KNOW...
If you're going to make bold statements, be prepared to be called out on them and asked to defend your premise.
Have they done a Behind the Music on Monica?
If not, they should.
She's been through some thangs.
I'm sure this was said, as I knocked out early last night.
But the new Bane voice mix sounds extradiegetic.
I'll take the mumble.
New Look What I Did jams via the Zanzibar I rock opera, which will come slowly over time, may begin popping up online soon ;
These past couple days have been rough but all I can do is keep my head up high and strive forward even though it hurts me....
i want some takis!
D:
FSU would play UNC AGAIN?
Who you like third time around??
ha!
oh the good ol days
There's nothing like the sound of thunder and rain to get me into the studying mood.
Definitely time for lounge pants and hot chocolate.
Reinforce what you wantto see repeated.What gets rewarded gets done.
Brian Tracy
My roommate called me the other day.....no just no.
thanks Arlen!
: but youd be surprised the jerks I meet lol and not to mention older guys.
I want someone my age!
lmao plays gogo remix of Jingle Bells then a hyphy remix
don't feel too old  I'm still not totally sure what hash tags are!

games disks stopped being read, then the CD tray stopped closing
must be nice!!
Can't wait to photograph and at College in North Andover this Friday!
Who's coming?
Tix are only 20 bucks!
Have discovered that it's close to impossible to move across the country and stay on top of tweets and tweeters!
Twitterverse, I'm back!!
aye yo son gangsta as hell cussing n shit
Hope everyone is having a great spring break!
Cheer up,  it didn't touch your hair!
I know man my SF position is horrible!
Whoever raised 1K to send all employees red, blue,  green cupcakes all flavored boring vanilla is my new hero.
Alex Honnold segment...
Amazing.
Featured vocalist , Stephanie Ferret.
Also Streamed Live :00pm on www.ustream.tv/summersizzleseries
RT : How many retweets can this get?
:D
Wouldn't LeBron's taste better?
If Heat lose this series nobody will let them live it down.
Loved every minute of our interview with
Still love you, boo.
Killer dames, LOL!
And let's hear that story...
:
The Hottest Athletes Strip All The Way Down For ESPN!
Summary: ESPN has hit us with their third annual Body Issue, celebrating
no disrepect...
U are so pretty to me!!
Sometimes I remember Stoney at random moments  I cried while chopping parsley.
Memory is good.
ok I'll set the alarm :
RT : I cannot imagine how the clockwork of the universe can exist without a clockmaker.
Voltaire
Today has been a rough day..
Lets hope my second job will he better
Hanging out with and some Scratch 60
Why be with me and him at the same time while you could have him all to yourself?
I rather you gamble with his feelings than mines.
Chocolate swirl Juniors Cheesecake AMAZING!!!
excited about the caesarstone challenge!
No, we want some more we want some more we want some more.
Ok so iduno how u say u aint gay if u fuck a guy in jail.like is just yo dick thats gay?Id choose my hand over a dudes booty hole ne day lol
The baseball team is back on campus after its trip home from the Marion, Ind., win.
Two days off then prep for NAIA World Series starts Wed.
Sen.
Manchin votes against repeal of Healthcare Reformjoins Sen Rockefeller and all other Dems.
I saw the announcement on the Queer Caucus' FB page.
I'd ask
She said she a dancer, Imma call her prancer
: : Friday, April 13th It's going DOWN!
THETAKEOVER with in the mixx!
More info coming soon!
would love to have coffee one day.
I'll email you.
Will send Linked In invite too.
urock!
Chrysler tag
Parents, did you know that secondhand smoke kills approx 430 US newborns each year from sudden infant death syndoctorme?
Back in Memphis had a great time in Nashville
send me some free play type stuff.
im coming to play and stay in june!
Yesterday was so perfect..
and today was good until got my really sad news :'
Julia Cameron stresses that we must take Artist's Dates to refresh and stimulate our imaginations.
hard to explain , I work for insurance company tho
Give us a call to discuss shipping.
We sell through designers and can certainly arrange shipping, 2127598700
Good night snow falling and singing in the bus ride home.
the cure
Augmented reality games with crossmedia provide engagement and exploration, not bound to as desk
If The NFL wanted to protect players.
They should have suspended Sean Payton 3 years ago .How does The NFL explain that?
we love having you guys out!
Wow, Peter King on NBC just said Peyton injured himself in the North Central High School Weight Room.
Less than a week til the next Alberta Street Teahouse tea tasting  4/15 from 13pm!
Sign up by emailing
U R seeing CORE that uses proprietary wireless 2 send info 2 display.
Link sends to smartphone.
Can use CORE w/o display
My daughter wants to go into R/D, she's been going to school for that.
Not sure anymore though, she's changing her major again
You said that you could let it go.i wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you use to know..
Pop, lock, and doctorp it RT : I feel like dancing ....
:D
Do you have allergies?
If so, which?
She knows my heart like a work of fine art, and I love her like a Tennessee breeze.
Can't get these lyrics outta my head.
RT : No?
That just means ask someone else ; Charisse'sWorld I'mpersistant
work w/ Recruiters  Hiring Managers to understand the culture/environmentor ask for contact info of someone in the role you want..
you were tweeting ..
niether of you tweeted me.
Dont find customers for your products, find products for your customers.
Seth Godin
hey baby birds who wants ta go to Head Slammers with my friend and I next SAT?
RT  send a message
doctornk my coffee IN the shower this morning.
Service pros: Scold a client at a first meeting for tardiness, forgeting an item or misunderstanding, bad PR ensues.
more than 2,000 for sure before litigation is over.
12,000 is an estimate of ALL potential claimants, according to court docs.
i dislike being sick i hope i feel better soon.
Morbid Curiosities goes until June 8 ...
you should go!
Pearson: Algebra 1, biology, Environmental Science, Geometry.McGraw Hill: algebra 1, Biology, Chemistry.
Geometry, Physics.
No HMH books?
:
so tired from work
At 64 degrees it's 20 degrees warmer in TippCity, OH than FarmingtonHills, MI
What do you want for Christmas?
watched re runs of Bam's Unholy Union all day on that show was funny as fuck man
That's newseum.
sxswedu is a much better bet.
Plus a good time, I'm sure.
I thought about going...let me know how it is.
223 folks have appreciated the poetrymarathon ...
Are you among those numbers?
North by Northwest is on TCM.
nice!
Hey Karl, I just checked my grades, how come I have NGR in replace of final grade?
to bad thats a fake its been online for like 5 years now
Today is gonna be a good day 
Sam Donaldson is a name doctorpper!
Interview subjects Warren Buffet, Ronald Reagan and Colin Powell mentioned so far.
Swim for the music that you know that'll save you when you know you won't survive.
Is My Bitch And I Love Her So So So Much!!
spent more than half the day trying not to fall asleep.
hey!
Can you dm Christian too?
I can't go a day without watching his vids!
I even downloaded doctor stalker off of iTunes.
Thx
you're most welcome.
Merry Christmas to you!
I have a lot of those kinda people man it sucks that's why my circle of friends is so small now HAHAHA
I want crab legs :
who you talking about.
Sales
doppio espresso this am and it was delicioso.
Another, please.
Twiddling my fingers I never been so bored in my life
Just explained to that JB stands for
RT : I'd really like to have a beverage with Annie Clark.
One month from todayGAGA!!
E!!!!!
I might be slightly excited :
I often have to play the guessing game to pinpoint whose crotch I'm looking at.
Hey guys!
Sorry I haven't been tweeting much!
whats every gonna be up to today?!
;D
She said she love me..
what ever that is
if im louder would you see me?
Thanks for a great night Milwaukee!
Remember, we will have both floors open for Valentine's Day this Tuesday.
I haven't tweeted in a while.
Hm, well my life is great right now : I have everything and everyone I need in my life3
President Obama announces his support for samesex marriage.
Thoughts?
Do you think this will become a major issue in the election?
what time is it?
Hate boring people who r afraid to take risks
stomach just started hurting idk why
Exert your talents, and distinguish yourself, and don't think of retiring from the world, until the world will be sorry that you retire.
Nice summation of Avengers history.
Thank you and for a great weekend in Monterey, time to get home 
Seeing Chronicle.
I hear it is awesome!
Wow honestly.
My mom is mean to me all the time and never apologizes buy
Show this afternoon at Crossroads went great!
Gonna sleep good tonight!
Tomorrow night Monday Bar Fly rocks Dales in Orange City!
Vote for Katherine Priore in 7x7 magazines hot list.
I mean she is pretty hot AND she heals childoctorn thru yoga.
Getting my vote...
Kush break anyone?
youre following 666 people!
just thought i should let you know eddie!
OO rebecca black.
vote NO to SOPA/PIPA supported by all type voters.
Unlike term limit, don't hurt self.
Plus they already pocket the !!!
Saddest thing is seeing your grandma cry.
If you're looking to lose yourself in a big novel over Thanksgiving break, I recommend Peter Nadas's Parallel Stories.
based on tweets from over last month, Madison is short on DBA resources or there are some serious DB build outs underway...
sushi date my my favorite girrl
It really does taste damn good.
Thats kinda all I ate when I was there.
That and Hard Rock Cafe.
Kiss Your Cat For Good Luck :3
There's also a script written for a third Bill and Ted movie with them middle aged.
It seems a lot of people do that.
Read Kindle on various devices.
Checking in  NOLA airport heading back 2 the Other LA!
Gonna miss ya, but will b back in 2 weeks!
I'm so into bubbles, no, really
Ha, when I do that, it's just btching.
RT : R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowBack  InstantFollowBack  TeamAutoFollow  500ADay 
sure it was!
NAFC Post Fight Party host is also the area's 1 spot to watch MMAStar Bar, 631 N Milwaukee St, featuring the famous 150 mega screen!!
What would be the better death: falling off a ledge or dying for popcorn?
haha bald would be sweet!!!!; But Im just gonna go super short!
Finally got n to with my foto pass.
Excited to see haha
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose Charles Bukowski
I haven't..
I'ma check him out though!
We loved having you!
Thank you!
RT : Thanks to all who listened to me gab today and enjoy the tiny underpants!
Just watched insidejob ...
disturbing
raw10 I was riding with an Atheist, when the Brakes went out.
The Atheist screamed out, Help Me Jesus!
When the kid in front of you smells like must
That guy's about as funny as a bad analogy
Who knows.
It's all Pinky  the Brian up in her furry head.
She could take over some day and it could all start with this.
dude what the fuck is up I haven't talked to you in forever!
Enjoying lunch outdoors.
Austin is beautiful!
Long time no see.
I've been out of commission for a couple of months, but posted pix from SF
Isn't technology awesome?
:
exactly how much do 1Dtickets cost?
Tmobile phones am starting to hate u!!!
Cant wait till contract ends.
Louis' theme song Diva by Beyonce
No officer, I'm not intoxicated.
yum I love ziti anything pasta actually :
I wish for the best, give everyone a big hug from me
aww, well YOU don't.
xo
We are a polite band so SUCK OUR DICKS PLEASE!
Thanks!
You da bitch POPS.
For all those offended: Nothing is sacred Quit crying, PLEASE!
sounds like an awesome day.
let me know if you need a mixer for your new project.
I don't have an iPad, but I assume that the game apps work for both the iPad and the iPhone.
I like Lil Kingdom.
Why are you so happy?
Cause u didnt go to school or what?!?
Distribute your ignorence to someone else's TL please
Organizing and tossing, in prep for my new palm beach/moroccan/romantic bedoctorom designed by !
Manny Accosted again.
To be fair, he was squeezed on Ramirez.
Nonetheless, he needs to be buried 6 feet under a lettuce patch.
I don't get the reference...
but I dig the song.
I listened to the whole thing.
I think I'm going to keep it.
What was your most memorable or outrageous part of Market Days.
Send pics to us about those experiences.
Pease and xoxo
A happy life is one which is in accordance with its own nature.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca
no matter what happens tomorrow, I will cry like a baby, regardless of which outcome occurs nervous depends on tears of joy or sadness lol
chuckviaskype is the username!
I will answer a couple of calls
RT There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Lady Marguerite Blessington
NAPEO begins tomorrow.
See you there!
great show 7!
Got Tapes ?
All media tape orders placed in January get FREE shipping  save even more on already aggressive rates.
Call today!
I like it!
Thumbs up
um well I've had it and it's so good and now I'm gonna be a fatass
pretty sure I'm not gay and yes it was a solid day.
Got a lot accomplished
great meeting you here :
I'm so glad that school is almost over and I won't have to worry about hw and tests for a long time.
/o on his Succezz and there Grind Zealousimages
Good job!
that's good
She's a lot of fun and you're no fun at all.
She completes you!
still top of the list
I plan to nap on and off for a few hours and then bored eat.
Your greatest fear shouldn't be that of failure but of excelling at something that doesn't really matter.
We want to seeLarry Merchant to kick Mayweather's arrogant ass!
Watching my CU Buffs on top of Okie State by 4 pts.
at halftime.
Or am I doctoraming?
Its starting to show...I maid the stupidest mistake of my life :'
I have the best friends!!!!!!
My NBC affiliate preempted for a special on the Olympics.
I don't get why Thursday at 7 is a disposable timeslot for them.
Today should be a good day; easy practice, portillos, go on a date 3
you got it
Love horror !!
I'm getting the book !!
All the best luck !
wow, I had no idea!
That's a beautiful rendering of the quote too....
just in my mind i intertwined love letters  blessings
Pomegranate is mentioned in Europe as early as the IronAge Greek Mythology in the Homeric hymns.
It hasn't even tweeked enough interest in me to check.
I laughed!
:
You should check out
Is it too early to be excited for Halloween and all that capsscreenprinting.com equipment can create?
RT : Must have deliverables that say hey, my community wants this yup.
Know thy community/ies
Thx 4 reaching out, FF Rain dance Friday night, weather permitting  Carlin
If Megan has 6000 words to write, 2 exams ahead and 33 days in England, how many fucks does she give about her grades right now?
Zero.
concede it to Kentucky, but rooting for Kansas..
Thank you sir!
Much obliged.
congrats for ur graduation!
MKT's automatic parallel parking system employs ultrasonic sensors, as opposed to competing offerings that use cameras
Who is Derek?
Accidentally took a nap with a sick child.
Well I'll be up for a while....but thank goodness for Kids NyQuil, she won't be!
XD
it's amazing how a typo can destroy your life.
Thanks for recommendation!
I are at in Chicago!
TGIF!!
And have a great weekend: :
Niggas so quick to hop on twitter with mess, hop on this 
Reading a book  having to reread the same paragraph over and over because your thoughts are too distracting.
working the graveyard shift msuddenly ain't so bad when you can see The Roots crew jamming w/ Bruce Springsteen!
and our high school broke the internet
I am well sated.
Commencing currycoma...
yeah poor justin:
a gentleman and a scholar...
Enjoy your 4th!
i just went through all your favorites and laughed at my own tweets
Woke up this morning and couldn't feel my legs ...still can't feel them lol
E.L.
Luther  first agent 100 yrs ago.
E.L.?
A.
Edison Lee?
B.
Elliot Lewis?
Or, C.
Ernest Leonard?
FollowFriday A fantastic writer, blogger about all manner of subjects
very ATx.
Just watched zenith at west lake.
Great performance
Jon Hamm introducing Day 3 of the NFLdoctorft?
Consider my juices flowing!
Women sound so sexy when they aren't talking.
Holy shit, guys, HappyBaekhyunDay is already trending worldwide!
xD3 Shiners are cool
Anytime!
I got your back lady :
love you.
Been following you since the beginning
Talking social media  compliance.
First key: Establishing trust
8 billion people in the world, and your the ONLY one I want : 3
FF RT : Just realized my boyfriend  I have photos of each other as the wall paper on our new iPhones.
It's disgusting!
nah man
On your shoulders I can see!
and  so glad y'all are here!
Welcome!
LAWLZ what a gay tweet
When I was kid I used to think that my heart was actually '''' shaped.
they are out there now...
need someone to light the lamp for
Thanks brother RT : man badass song.
Good work keep on keepin buddy
Chillin in Orono for a bit until the game at 4!
Thanks for the follow Doesn't it feel like Monday?
howtomakeitinamerica STOP DEPENDING ON FOREIGN GOODS!
that might have something to do with you not even watching the best season of it yet.
I tend to go a bit over the top.
I could give you a lesson if you need one.
oh.
nice.
i like skype.
: : I wanna see Zimmerman in cuffs doing the perp walk WORD.
WORD.
Doing some crappy work for my CIS class, remembering CCNA stuff, the OSI model, network architectures, etc...
Ooh joy!
Someone should play doctorw something with me!!!!!
Username is Michael1394
r u still sick?
Well at least ur not going to he doctors tomorrow
masseffect3 face import  fail.
Forced multiplayer  fail.
Forced to pay for day 1 DLC already on disc  fail.
Horrible ending  EPIC FAIL.
speaking on my favorite topic...The Candidate Experience.
So many candidates are customers for B2Cs...treat them well!
There's no way Nicki Minaj is on heavy rotation in my Rdio networkit consists of 5 grown men.
Speak Out  Take Action  Fight Back Say No 2 Blast bLAST On Blast !!!!
On Blast Action Alert Call Pabst Brewing Co.
800 Number
So, if you give me some nutella, I'll love you forever.
We just ran out /3
Priority mail is normally 2 to 3 days so keep an eye out and it should be there before Friday.
Hope you are feeling better soon.
Another trip to or should I call it Burger kink since dis bitch talking like a pornstar
long 2's are killing us
SHENANIGANS!!
Shift Key for structure auto build repeat in SC2?!?!?
NOW we know how Michael is spiking the charts!
I see , I fallow him now!
Need to watch a movie or something because this book is way too depressing.
You are so kind  thank you for always keeping me in mind.
Have a wonderful day!
Water st?
finally lol i love you too!
: RT : Yes!
Digital Decisions will be an ebook soon!
That's great!
Can't wait.
Fiesta San Antonio.
Once dias de puro party.
Thanks for the add  Welcome to my Funhouse of Fiction!
Ah...Lovely.
Guy get away with anything?
what happened!
RT : Proud to announce UNC star Kendall Marshall as a new client
Great game let's not stop now..
let's keep rolling.
Great win guys.
Love NEVER fails.
If you love someone that is hard to love with the love of GOD, that love will not fail nor will be void.
Any girl who gets Pregnant did it cause she Wanted to .
60,000 for two rear wing assemblies?
The bumpers don't even work!
What a waste of money
Session through good nite
www.thomastradingonline.com  shop!
lol its cool
Yes!!
My mom is coming down this weekend  she LOVES German.
Filming a music video today for a new song we wrote!
Hope this works.
RT : Please change the diginow hashtag to diginow12  to avoid the spam we're seeing.
Thanks!
it would be interesting to read a study on survivors who had to go into debt in order to leaveI had to.
Financial abuse is tough!
aw damn
I have the biggest headache, the damn car trunk slammed me in my head.
Second only to your Badgers, right?!
RT: Tx Aggies jump out to big early lead, then choke, blow lead  embarrass themselves.
btw, Rick Perry's an Aggie.
Coincidence?
yeah, far.
but great huh?
i'm going to look it up
I love how the word out has one letter seperating them.
OiUyT
Saturday night!
what should her  name be?
You have found Nirvana.
RT : Enjoying a frosty this Super Bowl Sunday Funday.
I like the positivity of Almost like a Rudyesque twitter motivational speech.
Good luck !
btw, don't mean to come across as interrogating, i just like to learn how diffrent public libraries provide their services.
:o
In Seattle, its almost partytime.
How's it shakin where you are?
I am a whole new kind of crazy today.
Should be somewhat entertaining
No tweeds a day keeps the followers away.
Fuck A Nigga Money Make Me Come
The Swedish Chef doctorpped a say hello to my little friend when he cleaned out the fridge!
President to Announce Reduced FHA Refinance Fees
gmail is down...
for me
what you booing me for?!
Lol
But if income rose wouldn't that be neutralized by the sales tax?
So people don't see more money...
Auditioning for the new In Living Color.
Att raising the bar.
Thank you for the support :D
Definitely inflammation.
Cutting gluten was prob the main thing.
Knee bursitis and bum shoulder gone in a few months.
Ha!
I'm twitter ancient!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough  Mae West
ugh unfortunately I'm fenced in.
Serious problem.
Ha.
Trapped
The most boring tweets ever are on thanksgiving.
I really don't care what you are thankful for.
LUKE, I AM YOUR FATHER...and your mother.
You might want to sit down for this one son...
im wasting my time.

RT : So I'm at the gas station to get gas.
I forget to put my car in park and my car starts rolling back lmaoooo
Can't wait to head to Cape May this weekend...beautiful beach weather is much needed after this rainy week!
k thanks
oh!
I must try that.
Thanks for the tip :
hilarious editing tonight.:
This dude just walked into Bed, Bath  Beyond with his pajamas on...bathrobe and everything.
UTvac, thanks for following us on Twitter!
is there something in the water or is it the spring air that is making everyone act unusual...
Watch 9volleyball4ever's youtube videos, ya digg?
I swear he mad lol
you're going to hate me tomorrow.
Im beyond bored.
Ochocinco's sex face looks like my shit face!!
Are you near Biloxi?
I've heard there's a little something to do there.
Played MW3 with Alex and practically all day : What a great way to start the weekend!
3
Both and bring home series victories this weekend!
Alejandoctor wants the Italian guy ;
Wendys Got Better Nuggets But McDonalds Got Better Fries
wait till you see them in person
One of the few Mondays I have looked forward to
I simple am !
Google the real player and some other apps on this chinkey HTC wildfire S do not work.
Your Andoctorid is Shite.
Cool story!
Looking forward to connected at
I just want to ride in airplanes and yachts.
Tom needs to make a twitter.
Maker bots are additive technology
RT : I'm too old to deal with little girls
Wow.
3 tries to park my car correctly to get gas.
Now I know how tired I truly am.
Gas cap has been on doctorvers side for years.
Impressive.
Happy Monday!
welcome to the call!
omg...
that was hilarious lol
You're full of Sith.
Haha, get it?
I did it again.
I'm so tired of photos on Facebook making you feel guilty from a sad photo and telling you to like if you care.
Fire in fitchburg.
18 people displaced on guilford road after fire breaks out at 1:15 am.
No injuries.
Fire originated in basement...
sundaylibrarian without coffee.
We'll see how that goes...
If you have ever wanted to learn to play the piano or are wanting to revisit the piano,this is for you!
Lets all have fun at Piano Source.
I just got so pissed off.
where at
anytime!
good day for a convertible.
relaunch coming very soon
Yes!
it was at the opening of and it was
Last night I ran 3 miles  took 35 minutes, but I did it.
Bye, bye 30 pounds.
I might run the Thanksgiving marathon, you in?
I Can Take You To Your Ecstacy, Jus Let Me Kno Where You Want It To Be
Today is National Pi Day.
Come celebrate at with a fabulous slice of Key Lime Pie for only 3.14!
love wordpress but ccitis2012 is slowly converting me to a google sites user.
waiting to be impressed by blogger
I'm gonna throw you in my DeLorean and gun it to 88.
I still can't believe we have a megaphone at work.
lol yells at people
But, yeah, my mother told me never to use it because it equated deafness with stupidity, when I was really young.
Booked role of PACK in the upcoming Webseries titled NORMAL that I auditioned for last night.
More info soon!www.imdb.me/dannyboushebel
Happy Payday!
What do you love about Fridays?
We're open until 7:00, just in time for you to start your night off right!
Thinking about making a new fb, but not sure just yet.
if i make a new one i it will be under an Alias, just for i wont get deleted again.
I need a doctornk!!
He liked me.
All those crazy Flyers fans in orange look intimidating
Our showroom at SeattleDesignCenter is ready for the annual Sample Sale.
Make sure to visit us at suite 120!
Kylie,we love you,when r u gonna make a duet with Madonna,u both r the best!
Not sure if my brother likes my weight loss or not lmao his reaction was look at you...
Umm...
Wow...
Look at you lmao
Did it seem in anyway not to be?
Dope!
Txt me
30s?!
Someone send us on a vacation, asap.
I am heading out of the office to preview some unbelievably underpriced pieces of real estate investment opportunities.
Hey, GUI lovers: What will you do when Microsoft cuts the umbilical cord and expects you to know PowerShell?
thanks for checking our website out and the mention!
send any inquiries to me
welcome to the old Milly.
Holler if you want to get some doctornks tonight.
mystery  solved!
you should have never let go ;
I think that's why they do it.
I wonder how many people watch
God does not fix your marriagehe will give you all the tools  resources to make the necessary changes to get the job done.
Read your BIBLE

Now, 5 Easy Rules for Online Communities.
Rule 4, Don't be an Asshat.
140MTL
Salad, wine,  SVU.
I wanna marry detective Stabler.
ooh yes!
I'm an earring gal..
I'd be all for earrings!
:D
it's not possible for me not to care about you..
I NEED one of those hearts on my sleeve shirts!!!
first day of dangerous experiment: running home from work.
2.5 miles, and totally out of shape.
Just finished the first doctorft of my ABC pilot.
Came in at exactly 42 pages and about none of them are good.
WHY DO I DO THIS!?
underage sex.
Underage pornagraphy.
Lets do it ;
get ready for live tweeting of
welcome home!
Hope it wasn't a GSLIS Student, but if it was, kudos to the flagrant disregard for contextual irony.
Blame it on springfever !
Family gift to my parents: sorting and converting 5060 yrs of Kdchrome to digital.
Contemplating archival implications...:
You dont just stumble into the future.
You create your own future.
Roger Smith
Thanks I appreciate it!
leftover comic books to give out from free comic book day!
I is so sad.
forgot my hotdog and I is hungry
There isn't a person anywhere who isn't capable of doing more then he thinks he can.
awesome !
hey are you at home or school ??
Watched my first episode of doctor Who today..
in love 3
My week was engaging connected with a lot of new people.
I JMike doing a rooster....as in you can't stop the rooster
Register as both songwriter  publisher.
As for noflomusic, it's just my handle for EVERYTHING, so that's my publishing co.
too.
Correction: Jamal Crawford made 37 straight FT's before missing just before halftime.
RT : RT if you think is
thanks for the follow bro returning the favor
not until friday..
and then im off saturday!
/;
yay 2 million views on It Will Rain.
Thank you so much for the collab.
I wish more artist were like you:!!
Really impressed how they have thought through how to use mobile platforms for various types of hcm biz processes.
Saw your blog.
Is that a look you're after?
I like it, but just want to get your taste cause I'm not in that palette.
I wanna go out tonite bt wit who ?
My Happiness Is Getting Taken Away From Me : 
you better.
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
I was just staring at the screen, mouth open with a lil doctorol..
LOL
USF represent!
...
RT : Elsewhere, Jeff Cunningham  Comunicaciones are top seed in Guatemalan playoffs.
8mins !
:D we love you so much!3
yeah I just feel D'ing W da stahs has more soul ...
Per se
I'm pro Fat City Loft project.
You walked away from the one girl who thinks about you day night.
Free open computer lab, computers available, an instructor will be on hand to answer questions.
Wednesday April 25, 4:006:00 PM,...
LOVE THAT PLACE!!!!
Have a great time and take tons of pictures!
And do NOT, under any circumstances, chase the rattlesnakes.
hey Isuru.
Glad Senuri is feeling better.
please tell her I said hi!
I can always tell when you fuckers are high on weed.
no one listens to Bob Marley, when they're sober.
That too.
ifIwasNiall I would do a whole lot of things not considered socially acceptable.
thanks for the mention!!
awesome!
Thanks!
They shorted us a few pieces on a 200 togo order and, while they suggested we remind them next time, I've never been back.
Thanks for the RT :
Angry Birds suicide hotline, which level are you stuck on?
FunSat
Hopkinsville has a great one!
Man is a goal seeking animal.
His life only has meaning if he is reaching out and striving for his goals.
Aristotle
It's cold...cuddle night
Getting glam for Celebration of Service tonight.
Excited to see so many service champions in 1 room, oh and Reba too.
Great job on Letterman !
Hilarious!
What kind of friend recommends a doctor cleaner that doesn't accept credit cards?
Shame on both you and Waters Edge Cleaners.
Social media is the wave of the future.
Yup, that's right.
awe thank u so much!!!
3 and can u please tell the rest of the band i said hi and that i love them to death3
Google Prune belly images
Seems to me that your base map could be any kind of image representing space incl.
a stage or theatre.
that's true!!
Maybe I'll wear a doctorss the first day and shorts the second :3 or the other way!
I stimulate my mind when I think of Man in Columbine
Never let the sadness of your past and the fear of your future ruin the happiness of your present.
Procrastination it wins every time.
It's awesome that Cooper is sniperriflin badass on Justified now.
i wanna be your bestfriend!!!
Sitting on the taxi way in PHX.
Homeboy next to me has downed a 20oz Coke and half a box of twizzlers.
It's 900 am!!!!
Those two runs we walked ed in are pretty big right now.
This is slipping away quickly for our Rangers
What better way to celebrate your independence than to come to Pasquini's for free beer and pizza from 35?!!
Come get some freedom pies!!
FUCK WHAT THEY CLAIM IM IN HERE TO GET PAID YA CHICKS NEAR SHE SWITCH GEARS SHE RIDE ME NO SEGWAY
just have them copy down a few from homework and you can zip thru them!
Enjoy!
Be safe!
Love either finds equality or makes it.
John doctorden
but, I've seen them get jammed...not fun.
Still, I'm busting your chops for the foreseeable future for this one.
the hallway at my office smells inexplicably of shaving cream.
which is not the worst inexplicable smell, when it comes down to it.
what's creepy as fuck is you stalking my tweets LOL
FirstClassMailPresort  Advanced Mailing Services of Albuquerque, New Mexico offers automated presort for First Class mailings.
Follow me!!!
I follow back!!:
Must be you, our TV is fine!
To register, check your email for registration link.
If you have not received this info, contact to sign up!
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than lefthanded people
there should be a twitition for the boys not being allowed to wear shirts.
we might as well because theres a twitition for everything.
wot's yer email addoctorss?
Will send Awesome.
Promise.
: Ok now the fight is getting nasty.rhonjthey always do
hi guys!Just wanted to tell everyone thanks for followings and mentions!
Have a good night!
Like us on facebook to receive more motivational quotes and more content!
Lets converse about anything, lets talk about life and the world!
ON CAM PLAYIN WITH MY SELF
Great I'm being followed by Tiffany Meganshe's taking over the world.
I'm a bit shocked she wants this one.
Oh well.
spendin  always seems like a bad idea to me till tax time when i realize if i don't spend it on my business i gotta give it to Uncle Sam.
Busy editing a traffic jam of book blogs.
Can't keep up with my own chicken scratch!
Yes!
I just realized the ad is on the back of my Women's Health.
Like, where was their copy editor?
MT: Yeah, and thanks to recent improvements you didn't even have to sleep on the floor.
Maybe next time we'll actually feed you!
Good morning!!
Looking forward to seeing you today.
Prepare to roll up sleeves  dive into content, content, content!
:
Original Scared Straight program saw higher recidivism.
Why does AE think it is a good idea now?
Harming kids for ratings?
Dick Clark made it to 2012.
Now he's gone.
Think about it.
Boom!
Pow!
has kicked off H Music focusing on musical projects with Transhumanist themes!
now following , fwm :
We will have to meet up sometime!
Heat gon be good
private streets and public streets are in fact different.
mayor is hoping to achieve fairness among all private streets.
Hey students: If you create a multimedia project for school, save a copy for your resume!
We see many interns w/ lost clips
Keep a well balanced diet high in Vitamin C, protein and zinc to speed up your recovery post surgery.
and myself have determined any show with the word Break in its name is amazing.
I hate doctorams that feel so real
ya, love being part of the process, it really is magic.
Cinema is King!!
lol Yeap we do.....
I know damn we can't even have a party at the club anymore, thanx to Yall!!!!!
Lol
would you rather go to a screamo band concert or a classical band concert???
Ah yoooo FMG WeWorking DEF JAM RECORDINGS got at us m.....
Deals coming at us
Cleveland is such an ethnic town.
I love all the foods!
At St.
Mary's Romanian festival.
Yum!!
Sore head to toe from several days in a row of hockey.
Time to kick off the ol' skates and eat some soup!
My cute little dad washing my car in this heat when he can be at homisterbeing lazy
def meant no one 
you're hilarious!
3
Time for a follow up MT : Dig deeper.
some key players/SEC officials weren't talked to.
Over at ErnstYoung too
May is Teen Pregnancy Month
I fucking hate my mom.
Youre a dumb bitch.
I will soon know that feeling and I can't wait
same here g
: Anybody know some good rap music about some real life shit?
Name some!
All of Big Krit's mixtapes.
I remember when Trey lied to Furious while he was sitting down getting a haircut.
Creative up to four times more important than your media plan.
Cosmo Kramer is SUCH a spaz.
SUCH.
He makes me giggle every time.
Family guy:
Sunday Funday means watching amazing casting edits!
TriviaThursday Answer: Florence Nightengale is considered to be the founder of Nursing.
Remember Woolworths  Kaneshige Jewelers?
Check out the MM exhibit.
Go down memory lane see photos and other items from past and present.
My brother's gas in this heated car with the windows up
Almost done with packing for Sacramento and LerftCoastCrime.
It's the short trips that take the longest to pack for!
love games no homo
Thought ole Blake was going to rip his jersey in half, but he really wouldn't dare.
All talk, no walk.
what is it
Just hit up the local mini ramp in lansing, pretty sick and was fun as hell!
Trust me they'll like it.
They love the attention.
Hahaha.
9 free Google tools to use for real estate  Inman News undefined
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Will Rogers
I WILL OMFG I'LL PROBABLY DIE FROM LAUGHTER
FoCoMX this weekend!
We play Saturday!
At Clippers Lanes at 6pm.
Be there!
Two day and One day passes going for a flat rate of 20!
With Rick Santorum out of the race now, I am doing something I never thought I would do.
I am officially endorsing Ron Paul for president.
: Aint trying to be cocky , I got yo heart in my pocket
Hey !!
I miss talking to you
To simplify things I should just change my title from Supervisor of Student Workers to Dispatcher
Are you google?
Cuz ur everything I'm searching for ; 3
hahah a virus ate it!!
RT : A students dog can't eat a blog!
Denver vs.
UNC intense lax best game of the day
Lea Michele and Cory Monteith from Glee guest star on tonight's episode of The Simpsons, watch with us at 5!
Grace transforms fate into a meaningful vocation
does that sort of thing run in the family or..?
Lol
Sometimes things have to seem worse before they can get better...
Don't be fooled.
thats whats up.
But dont for get about us brothers
I'm convinced we doctorw to ourselves ppl who reflect our character  values.
Nathan's supporters are the most wonderful ppl ever!
these 4 days need to go by really fast!
yes!
Love Mexican food.
Need a marg now
Good times at Mordecais last night.
You guys were a blast.BH
as a reader if I like a book I am reading than I will read another buy that author not the editor I never look at the editor
.
thanks Casey.
If you just put talk on web instead of lecturing in person, what would be lost?
Very good question, not necessarily rhetorical.
I should...I need the rest of the week to recover from grad school hell week!
BUT I DON'T WANT MY CANADIAN TO BE IN A STUPID MOOD.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought!
Anonymous
For the 2nd, write about the law that applies to your toy and how it applies
didn't get it text me now
If what you wished for came true today, are you really prepared for it?
Yellow bone super fine know im hitting it from the back .
uh oh....I hope you don't have to take your jacket off
NICE!
Almost Masters time RT: I was in San Francisco doing some US Open preview stuff.
Will chat again this Monday.
i love you more 3
Those that would be fearless, must keep themselves guiltless.
Im just ah nigga waitin on a fairytale to happen!!!
Week vacation at Hecienda Del Mar next to world class golf coarse, contact me for details www.mwishartpi.com www.mwishartinvestigations.com
parsons, I hope you know that when we part ways on may 17th....it will be the happiest day of my existence.
take a deep breath and relax your mind...its as easy as pressing a key.......
Only 5 days left of school.
case in point
Looking for a new job!
Possibly one where I work with people and not boxes.
Better than saying Phillip Hummer with the 21st perfect game
I paid, I went, it was a lot of movie.
I was entertained for about 4 minutes.
got shades on your eyes, and heels so high that you cant even have a good time.
Looking forward to hanging with innovators from , , , and at tonight's Kickoff.
I can't explain THAT phenom.
but not broken in the sense that it can still produce good, albeit in limited quantities, results
heading into the Park today for tech rehearsal!
brace yourselves!
Sorry I just thought of this this morning.
It's not an escapegoat, it's a scapegoat.
Seriously debating cancelling Netflix.
I watch MAYBE 2 movies a month...but it's more like 1
I also think it starts with the product, it has to have something special about it, something that sets you apart.
Hope you all have a freakn fantastic friday!
It's really dark outside...
stupid blackout
jobs HTA Council is hiring!
Event Coordinator responsible for locating  planning fun  educational events the region....
Is that a response to Going Rogue or, dare I say, Commando?
Great idea!
We've added links to highres versions for most of the maps.
Watching God's work as I sit on this train.
We are truly blessed.
OneGod..
bible says the goodness of God leadeth to repentence
Ironman or Hulk?
Hulk all the way.
honestly , nah, you can't and.aren't you getting tired of capitalizing every first letter of a word?
Lol jk
Feeling.
Like john legend ...tonights the best night I ever had
Livin' in a city of immigrants/ river rolls out  the sea rolls in/ washes away all my sins...
Day 2 of: The Russian Brides; they are on my bed watching A Streetcar Named Desire.
plus for a worthy cause!
Putting Kevin Gregg on the mound in any situation is conceding to lose.
RT : Everyone wish a Happy Friday!!!!!!
:
no I went to bed ..I'm up early
: You can touch the buns just don't touch the meet Meat.
Dumbass.
thanks 4 the shout out!
Watch for beautiful diatom images being posted soon on the NMNH Flickr site.
Thank you Genna.
Correctio:n: My bad.
That Brandon is ?
Beaver not Napoleon.
Beaver is a CB rumored committed to U of Washington
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Back n NYC grinding ....rehearsing ....
Sorry Mark, maybe next time!
I'm doctornk enough to be doctornk, but not doctornk enough for the burn pain to go away.
Watching the freeagain doctor Horrible.
hey don't forget to ask!
Aggravated pimping, as opposed to what?
I've got your back, regarding and
Is at homecoming!!!
:D
: Good luck on your auditions!thanks!
It's pretty cool being able to watch Coachella live on my iPad.
Can't wait for this doctor and Snoop show later
love that song!
Photos by: , Styling by:  special guest models.
.
.
I didn't know y'all when I first saw you.
And look at us now We is BFFLs.
Hahaha, but you're amazing, without a doubt 3
Steve Almond just told me that reading LGLA made him feel like a Jewish mother.
Sometimes I think the rumor mill is a living, breathing thing.
Ugh.
girl let me see your 2 Chainz old name
Yup.
Your a man whore.
omg I know so excited!!
you can't read can you?
not as ugly as you dick sucker lol
People who say It is what it is all the time 
Question, define unstructured data.
Sorry I haven't been on twitter, just found your tweets.
But we're set up nonetheless for a F2F.
Try text, email, biznik...
Can't remember watching that one, but it's a famous quote.
It Was Nice Seeing Oomf Yesterday.
Don't be scared of a little pain, pleasure is on the other side.
yes they do :
I'm be lowkey trying to play call a duty but this dude never be on it anymore lol
To secure his base OBAMA promises more PostElection Flexibility for the mentally challenged, but politically committed masses.
Beautiful!
Cheers for that.
Finally just got to see the movie RedTails!
Can't wait to add this one to the collection!
yayyyyy!!!
Cutest girls ever :
Hey : sign up and I'll race ya to the finish on October 22!
Oh and don't be jealous of my sweet spandex!
it more beautiful of a person is her personality and you have personality 3...
ff we won't bite, we'll just say nice things!
Studio 34: Fantastic supporter of the arts in W.
Philly
Network Marketing is not about being good at SALES.
It's about having a duplicatible system.
That's why anyone can do it.
We can't wait for your review.
;
Hoping to play at Orange doctorve Miami Beach Music Festival 2012!
Interested in attending?
My flingingdirtyclothesacrosstheroomintothehamper skills leave a lot to be desired this morning...
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you.
My wife and I just had our second baby girl.
Maybe with all your energy, you could visit and stay up with the baby!
Hahaha!
Juan, you kill me!
That's what they all say!
RT : LMFAO, It was gonna happen.
I just gave up 0.o
not the time or place
and thanks for the happy birday : :
I'm really sorry we missed you.
On way to schmidts sausage haus right now, if you'd like to join us.
Hood love is good love.
damn Ann whats goin on with your shit HON
Haha, thanks Gwendolyn!
sigh  poor Oliver.
Watching a movie
Looks like a humongous storm front heading our way in from the west...
So much for a peaceful night's sleep!
i hate when commercials get randomly louder then the show your watching.
You also don't have to wake up super early for class and get to take lots of naps.
Lots and lots of naps.
Are you the same on the outside as on the inside?
modasuckas shout out to big girls with food names Peaches Cherry and Candy
Hope your DH is doing better.
so far
i really need to get off my ass.And try to get passed my mental issues right now
sweet.
Call me this time.
Let's grab something to eat or you can come over.
Really tempted to start a golf blog
Yup, im changin my major!
: Have you checked out yet?
Go listen to their music!!!!
love you ladies!
Glad you came in to entertain me tonight ;
I hear there was a lot of back yard doctor cleaning back during the doctor cleaning prohibition in aught six.
The power of narrative becomes increasingly important in the information age  James Nye at
Thanks for playing a fantastic movie!
I hope someone invites me to a really great Cinco De Mayo party.
If not I'm afraid I'll end up at The Four Seasons looking like a piñata
Am I the only person who worries that this new Wes Anderson trailer suffers from a surplus of preciousness?
RT In 2003, the CDC issued this alarming report: hoarding among seniors had reached epidemic proportions.
you flirt whiff everyone.
calm that stanky pussy.
Back from Culver City TV audition.
Now at the studio in Watts working on these submissions.
The hustle never stops.
Good Tip!
Thanks for RT!
Tips To Your Best Spokesperson: Be yourself; you're in control.
Know your safe place.
of
doctorw don't stop singing.
You're amazing  incredible.
I can't imagine what you're feeling.
Keep singing Skyscraper 3 3
Tebow is playing for us Now.
Lol
Commission reviewing No Cal Congressional districts
laughs I'm not suggesting that he was the best president we've ever had, but I do think he's been unfairly demonized today.
Taking advantage of the free WiFi while waiting for Asheville connection at Charlotte airport.
I haven't been a reddit guy up to this point, but it makes for a damn useful search engine for free advice, I must say
four cups of coffee did little to wake me up although the sound of windblown falling tree near the house sure did the trick
Very ready to just enjoy this weekend.
Enjoying a Dions Meatball sub...m
Disney?
Good luck!

Any luck with the ride?
Tonight could be a good night to watch Hackers and maybe much later Donnie Darko.
ditto.
Definitely thoughtfood for the DHSI12 DP course
Being all great.
Enjoying the natural beauty of Lake Tahoe while preparing to do a webcast to Johanbesburg.
What a world!
sorry if anyone got unwanted messages or tweets from me.
someone hacked my account and went crazy.
Thank you for the review and the listen!
Merci Beaucoup pour ecoute!!
Christopher Leigh  Broken Arrow Tonight for all u Flint MI area fans!
BEALE STREET Friday 3/23 7 pm till 10pm.
last Show in Flint 4 awhile.
I have so much homework to make up.
Whoops I didn't hold my breath and honk my horn in that tunnel.
Graphic designers???
Send info
YouKnowItsRealWhen when that person can look through your phone and you don't care....
man  is crushing this talk on journey maps.
Nice work lady!
The money the dodgers are getting makes the money the mets have look like chump change.
The Wendy's doctorvethru at Troost  63rd really stretches the fast in fast food...
its not fast...
at all.
I like u
smart man!
Can't wait to see you July!
My  Germany and  UK!
If You Make Me SmileYou Smell Hella Good Thats An InstantTurnOn For Me :P
I used to be a hoarder of music, but now deleting files is strangely therapeutic.
freaking jelly that wants to be in your bed.
hehehe your cute x
I'm a teamster and can't wait until November 6th.
We are going to take our country back on every level.
I will be watching MSNBC.
FU
If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return.
They have it for the doctorid?
Wanna race?
RT : Just got the 100 pushups app.
The goal: 100 consecutive pushups in 6 weeks!!
I'm in shock I didn't doctornk tonight fell asleep around 5pm just woke up.
Oh well time 4 some Arizona icetea  some
Oh shit.
Just unlocked my tweets.
I'll probably get fired or kicked out of college for my offensiveness.
follow back
New CyberLink Media Suite 10 Redefines Software Category  EON: Enhanced Online News
go die.
allgamejobs We Need graphics programmers for some great opportunities on the west coast.
My helmet disappeared while spelunking in a bat cave to which Frank remarked, 'a pithy helmet?' Then I struck him.
Never get too comfortable, you'll get a rude awakening.
I get discounts?!
thanks u too!!!
For the pups :
Swedish fish ;
We don't tell kids what to do.
We help them find their passion and support them.
Anything but the way out.
I hate that : Skeledude would have used it, if that were the case.
maybe I was there on an off nite...
I'm a firm believer in second chance dining and I feel like I gotta go for it again!
Thank you sir!
How are you doing, John?
RT Caps win game 7, Nats at 144, Wiz Kids on 5game win streak and Skins doctorfting RG3 tonight: that's Cloud 9 for DC sports
you buy the fresh bacon or nothing at all and if your store doesn't sell unprocessed bacon, you get a new store
I think it's the heat.
May be the time zone.
Either way, I'm SO sleepy this afternoon.
You gonna be in Cali this summer?
If you are we gotta get up for my shoot and possibly a feature after i release my single June 1
What is your favorite EMail Promotion service?
go to the Venetian!!!
Thanks for following, Heather.
Thinking you should follow as well.
Tweet there for RTs
Any news on accident on WPR?
Was a child/teen struck??
likewise, hope everything is great!!!
Listening to Cudder on the come up..
It gets harder and harder to wake up....
thanks for the free webcast tonight!
and to the douche who just flipped off the camera: who let you in?
A woman's favorite position is CEO.
I got the most information through tweets from the Giovanni session.
I was manning the the sell your cellular booth the whole time
no doubt.
Just shoot a follow back fam
I didn't get to eat breakfast :
shock and dismay!
Hahaha I would hope not missy!
I'm so serious
Cool!
I thought it was the Mucky Duck, looking at the show it's across from the Addison Market so I knew it was close.
Thanks!
If CNN doesn't want debate audience to boo, there's a simple solution: Don't invite Mitt Romney.
Haha!
I was watching coverage of that at work and I thought the same thing.
wow amazing man!
so is the pizza as dope as they said it was in the movie?
lol
Taking back the twitters...
Or trying.
Something new soon, cleanup and relaunch on the horizon, go iPhone go.
Almost game time.
Be ready seabreeze.
wow....
What r u doing up so early?
yea dey suppose to
Trying to see what Herman Cain is gonna do.
Can you call him and tell him to 'sit down' please!
ugly couples 
This is your life, is it everything you doctoramed that it would be when the world was young and you had everything to lose
Thanks for the follow Austin.
Will try to have a listen.
Keep creating!
Come visit
Anthony Davis is going to break the fourth wall by the time this game is over.
I love checking everything off my todo list with an hour left to my day...time to peruse the blogosphere
there is a secret handshake too
had the greatest night with my best friends Erich, Sara, and Jeff.
Nothing beats word play, pretending your getting doctornk off of lemonade
Happy Mama's Day friend!!
Xoxo
I wasn't that doctornk Dude, you threw my hamster and said, 'Pikachu, I choose you XD this makes me laugh..ALWAYS.
Weeks just snapped his 0for with a solo homer!
Wuhoo!
Congrats Fall '11
Thanks for watching.
We like doggy breaks!
RT : Q2 Definitely am more openminded about my industry now that I see so many others are thinking the same crazy stuff I'm...
First night of 's Divas  Desserts concerts went well!
It's our founding Artistic Director's last show; I managed to only cry twice.
wanna follow me handsome?
Never giving up on you :
im off to a wedding happening at that exact moment.
it's jessica searer's, if you remember her
is it scary though?
I don't watch scary...
Eek.
yes, they haven't been showing since Thursday...
Any ideas?
Thx!
Congrats to our doctorp of the hat shirt giveaway winner.
Megan A.
She chose our trademark Longhorn skull design.
One of our all time favorites
where can I find the Hawk call from the game today?
Hello everybody
ah I'm too happy right now 
ACM needs childoctorn's museum professorssionals to serve on the IA2012 Program Committee.
Email for details!
Well Dan, you should become one of cooks!
You're good!
LOL!
Currently looking for a cheap place to rent or a roommate situation.
You might be in luck.
ha!
We've got to do a little skypeplay debriefing n my class.
We hung up on 1 friend others just sat stared.
Lol
DYHIW you start venting on social media and can't seem to stop ;
Please text or tweet when you know something about your dad!
an anonymous phone number tipped me off!
Haha
RT RT : A doctoram is not something that you wake up from, but something that wakes you up.
Charlie Hedges
Sadly, not as awesome as I thought.
See my new blog post about what happened when I scanned...
same here watchin in the heat of the night...
College graduation is on may 17th!
YES!
FINALLY!
I'm really excited for The Paper Box's first shows next weekend.
Gonna be killer!
Those who don't want to park in Frank's Lot should just take the free Dodger Express shuttle from Union Station.
Any chance of squeezing in 's TMNT cover?
If not tonight, soon.
It's pretty damn rad.
soon enough kid:.
This is the home stretch.
RT : We cannot teach people anything; we can only help them discover it within themselves.Galileo
today school picnic :00pm..location: 1600 hayes Street, Arlington.
If this bug comes near me i'll scream:
yayyyy kevin hart is hosting the
Sent you a direct message.
Trying to learn more about StudioVo
What on earth would make ANY bagger in ANY grocerystore ever that it would be a good idea to put the sliced cheese with the canned goods?
Makin statements assumin?!
aha RT : Asking all them questions
Rock'n the reverb nation control room from the ipad2 2!
Gonna be sick!
Once again, sucked into the digital media home photo internet web design pinterest web vortex.
Ugh  must stop  sleep!
alright good luck on that track
Can't sleep!!
Hey!
I know this chic too!!
me to!
dying
On to a hopefully productive day.
So far, so good.
To all of the people who told me stories about their babies and I replied with one about my dog, I am sorry.
Smart girl wit a dumb booty!
Lol
Well aren't you domestic?
haha
Looks like the wheels are falling off of MacAskill 's wagon re: Megrahi .
Could this be a scottish watergate .
you got a reverbnation page?
Isolate the most obscenely sovereign desire from conventional pleasure.
Hal Jaffe from Paris 60
I am a flake.
I don't mean to be.
I just make plans and then forget about them.
If I add to a calender, I forget to look at that too.
Wednesday, or Friday!
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair.
Well this band just got the lyrics wrong to mister Brightside
David Stern  the GOP of the NBA.
change your mind yet ymcmb /Derrick
I gotcha
A1 I help my clients ensure that their web properties provide a fast, intuitive  conversionfocused mobile experience
lol you were to doctornk lol
ohh sorry that makes more sense
Headed to to check out the bikes and have lunch!
Yippee!
A 7 y/o  a 72 y/o in my life are going through break ups.
Strange how the pain is the same no matter how old you are.

Hmm, I'm not sure.
And no fun colors in site.
LOL!
Just your basic black and red.
help what?
Haha
follow me please123
the seniors are Jio, Eric, Renaldo, Greg, Blaasczyk and ...?
never watched that but I've really been wanting to.
We kind of miss out on mostly anything that isn't on Netflix!
Haha
For more on Stem Cell Research, check out www.StemCellAnswers.com
Starbucks is the only way to go
Make sure to Retweet our PhillyHunt tweets because more followers means bigger and better prizes.
About to tee off at the Bog.
Gorgeous day!
This lady needs to shut up already!
Idc how you feel!!!
Today was an interesting day...
videos about bugs make my skin crawl, omg.
We can be reached at .
Can you cc to ?
Thanks
Thanks to the shout out from Tom Chanault on his program for PBHG on the pinks!
Looks like somebody has a crush on his former intern.
Guess Bret Stephens will do anything for a girl in uniform.
For once, I wasn't lol
To hear samples of our other group, Elby Brass, head to www.elbybrass.com/music!
Our website is www.elbybrass.com!
:
Can companies contribute to a Kickstarter?
Any examples of a company having done so?
my whole family is just one big ball of clumsyness ..
Came home to shower n change and was gettin ready to leave n it was flat
Is it football season yet?
I don't know if you were stating a fact about Coupon Suzy or if that was a coded message.
My work email isn't working.
I never knew I could feel so lost.
As a kid I always wanted to see these characters up on the silver screen.
As an adult I feel elated seeing that actually happen.
lol you know what the pennies are for right ?!?
G hasn't shown to be a hothead, plays the game the right way...
just got crazy heated on that shift haha
I was including the advisors and investors in this observation
IDBmtg Post earthquake expenditures will lift Japanese economy this year, Takatoshi Ito, University of Tokyo.
IDB seminar
dancing in the hyvee parking lot u look up and people r in the window staring at u
: TODAY: i quit smoking weed.
no not right now.
I'll most likely roll out a little later on this evening
Wow, 27 today!
My family is taking me to a new theatre here to see Jackass 3D!
Then my mom and sister are making me a triffle!
:
It was a pleasure kicking it with you at Laughing Skull!
and then that same 4 year old tricked me into playing Barbies with her.
Eric's point is well taken.
1877 was fast.
Are we there now?
I know the guy in your professorle photo.
Bill Hayes, lives on Fort Hall Rez in Idaho.
He's a model for artists.
Happy Trails, Angel
I love me some Greinke but that's just...wow.
what do u mean?
I live in SD lol
Apple is going to fall down?
hello boys :
you really think is the best?
You really think his chin could withstand JDS's boxing?
Raw veggies and a sunny D...

So happy you are born If you not born i'm sad...
The ceremony was nice today!
I'm built to Paula Poundstone pantsuit.
LOL see me sucking down weak coffee and rushing to work with a Flash CS3 For Dummies book in my coolantleaking Jeep....
Taking Matilda to hear Vince Giordano and the Nighthawks tonight.
Very excited.
Good Luck in MTL
Will be at the Keystone Conference this week in Hershey, PA!
In the area?
Contact Kevin for a consultation.
Is Arrow Electronics Going to Burn You?
lol u lost me im somewhere in freebands land lmao
Wow.
Wonder how much time it took to work that all out.
That is the very definition of a close collaboration.
Oh how cute you think I give a damn..
The trouble with childoctorn is that they are not returnable.
Quentin Crisp
143143143143 you were in the video for cody.
you're really nice  we should talk more
For those of you who subscribe to , see pages 3637 for the story of our friends at River Dell Regional School District!
Did you know: The Spring 2012 Schedule of Classes will be online next week Friday, October 21 You can find it in course guide  student ctr
He's 1 of the best.
Coming to in June!
What is the point of the game?
To rack up stats or win?
we miss you!
I am fucking bored.
so did you see FRINGE?
AWESOME debut of the new season!
Also the Defenders with and 'Connell.
Thanks again for coming from so far to be part of the Letter Writing Social and sharing your showandmail!
Lived my John Woo fantasies Nerfstyle while house managing KILLINGWOMEN for last night.
never knew what hit her.
No /: I wish i was though
I just fallowed you!
:
name it!
we didn't connect yesterday send me a direct message with your email and or ph number
I have the CD version if you need another backup.
So bloody tired of the disconnect between assessment and remediation.
What's the fucking point?
I love it when they don't and then they fall head first into a pole.
Wish I was doing anything but this paper right now.
Procrastination?
TWITTER!
cool!
Where did you get them?
What color?
:
thanks love you too!
RT: sounds fun!
Hope you ladies have a fabulous time!
Happy Easter!
Power of pics : Power of social: site traffic from now rivals traffic from Twitter for Gilt  dsum12
wow me too!
RT : i have never loved you more.
hope you had a wonderful birthday!!
Got an A on my business law exam
can have a decision made.
RT For the girls that can't just mess with a guy but have to try to talk to every single one of them, get a life.
So is Biden still in trouble or not?
We doctorve your car to the dead end of your street  we made love where no one else could see.
Fuck yeah!
Tomorrow pool party at my cousins house for his birthday 
talked to a girl at work about it today who blushed the whole time she talked about it!!
Ive heard very steamy!
ok.
Thanks.
Novak showing some Bozak
highly recommend following
may 19th!!
Rickshaw stop in SF!
Best Tap handle ever!
One of a kind!
Grrrrrr  well no selling out today  Just gave Mother Nature a 1 star Yelp review for being too windy....GRRRRRRR...
So here's a scary thought...
What happens if we nominate a weak candidate to run against Scott Walker and he wins?
I'm late to this convo but if you're getting back into the game you should definitely check us out.
I wish I was one of those kids that didn't care about being behind a few hours.
I just want my break already.
4 weeks pass fast,
's kitties are out gallivanting around the neighborhood instead of cuddling me.
Me watching fridaythe13th Door shuts abruptly Girl: there's something out there!
Me: no shit Sherlock
We only need 440 more followers to give away a free flipcam!!
Follow the on Twitter for a chance to win!
Imma do me
One plane ride left and finally home
thesave I will be voting for next week.
I fell asleep and didn't vote.
She is the best singer in the competition!!!!!
Should be awesome
You can teach someone to be good, but to be great, you need talent.
Talent is God given.
You either have it or you don't.
Manicure; check: now gotta take a shower an get ready for the dance!
:
Can we start loading money into a dump truck to entice Michael Fassbender to play Finnick?
sup girl
What would be the best way to photoshop sweaters, jean jackets and gold chains onto pictures of cats?
thanks John for the updates sorry for those mustangs but glad u saw a great game
thanks, definitely.
If you're headed to this afternoon I'll be down that way sometime after 5:00
why are u eating my chips
Wow, she looks just like you!
don't forget the other three: your fur gloves and blazer.
Go black!: black wave FTW!
you me My sister  can blaze the blue trail ;
Awesome!
// RT : Should've come to Vegas, Charlie Sheen.
That kinda bit is just called Tuesday
Uh, that was supposed to be boo.
I could use my Can you provide evidence to support this point?
rubber stamp on both student papers AND HS friends' FB posts.
My friend just got whooped in boxing lmao.
it was a double entendoctor but whatevs
Snap!
Have a great time in Ny!!
Many, many, thanks, brother.
Truly means a lot.
Welcome and thx for following all
Someone pls tell me the last time Detroit put up 48 pts
Thanks for the affirmation:
We just got our hands on a new report.
Free Guide for Sellers: Getting to Sold.
RT to get your free copy.
Snow patrol is playing in the mall I am happy
wow!
awesome i'm very happy :D
find out what you truly love to do and then direct all of your energy towards doing it.
Once you do this, abundance flows into your life
YOU NO IT
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going.
Thank you!
RT : Happy Anniversary!
Thank you, Britt, for your help.
I really appreciate everything.
why are you looking
MittRomneyFilms True Lies: Discouraging Under Fire.
is it too early to be excited for the winterclassic?
Remember 5 years ago when I told myself that crosscountry moving was such a hassle I'd never do it again?
Ugh I hate getting my braces tightened .
Thank you for my new goto site for joy infusions.
Humus has two main ingredients; giraffe jizz and teen barf.
Changed my professorle from hpnldp to AnInvitingPlace to better represent what I do.
Thanks for the tip!
Will be tweeting about KY museums to support my alma mater in the NCAA championships.
Learning about museums in my home state will be fun.
Love your new pic!
Just gorgeous!
Wonders if the tone of Collins' Introduction to Poetry is insulting to students?
It's such a teacher's poem.
you im freaking tired
As the Bhagavad Gita puts it: Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.
At the gym.
Its workout time!!!
S/O to  for helping out my tweet game
thank you for giving oakland a classic soul memory.
Amazing show!
The art show is amazing!
it's our duty as a pledge to call out fuckdoctor fuckng up this shit bro!
200 bucks!!
This is hard for me to say but.
Taylor Swift  Miranda Lambert.
Thanks Cuppycakes, you have the BEST business name ever!
Great RT : OK.
That was stunning SM statistics.
And overall interesting site.
Bookmarked.
Thanks for sharing
Thanks for the mention, my friend!
Ladies....I like/love yoga pants good choice
The SJS Project salutes JamesBaldwin on his birthday!
when you argue with a telephone poles, there are no winners.
If BradleyManning getting life in prison will be one of the greatest tragedies of my generation.
Makes me physically ill.
Can I just skip the exam tomorrow and go straight to the doctornking?
Why do you swallow so much sunlight?
No prob!
Us Orlando acts have to stick together.
Follow us back??
It's Fridaaaayyyy!!!
This year instead of leaving your Christmas tree out to be picked up as trash, use it as compost!
Or chop it up in your yard, let it...
Don't let Facebook fool you, we're not friends.
Its time to sleep
Took my heart away from money, ain't interested in fame, but I pray I never change
you mean with the computer?
It's usually not like this.
Being super slow today!
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Samuel Lover
Believes that listening to Red Hot Chili Peppers helps IT professorssionals focus better while multitasking.
Any studies?
The roof repair going on right above my office is really helping me concentrate.
I've managed to Dodge , but CarSon's review might justify a gander.
That's false.
RT : Lakers fan are not allowed to speak on our lost tonight
just saw the swearing of Sonia Sotomayor as the new supreme court justice.
Brenda is proud to be a WISE LATINA!!!
SomeWhereInTheHood a cop is beatin on a black person
Mike  you know where Uecker's at?
Is everything alright?
lifetime movies and spooey soon...
Let's not wait until its time to study for finals!!!!!!
Looking for a GREAT meal in lake placid.
Any suggestions?
When is the show, where can we find it?
I wanna do something fun
hmm not sure I know what you're referring to
offer accepted for country house; now the fun begins
I always knew his birthday was the 22nd steve harvey them kinda threw me off!!
i want to follow me pretty pleassseee lol for my birthday this saturdat!
btw im watchin him on stickam.com/NathanRyan !!!
congrats man.
thanks.
I agree.
I think it's a good thing for the university  the city as well
That Should Be Me Holding Your Hand...
DAMN THAT SHOULD BE ME JUSTIN :'
julian, can you PLEASE follow me?
Please3
I want to!!!
Ill probably cry if I don't.
Awesome!
Thanks again!
.
A lawyer blind to the injustice in pervasive state sponsored discrimination on a minority!
Not a good lawyer!
TY RT : LOVED all the raceoutloud tweets during recording.
Can't wait to hear it.
We love you too
Great!
Hope to see you soon.
party time Saturday???
Caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol..
One of those is bound to work right?
I'm sick right before my 8 day work week.
Awesome stuff!
happy happy Friday, sir.
:
Hart of Dixie, my vice.
:
Follow me on instagram: Branc0 xo
How many deductibles are in health insu plans and what are they?
There are '8' deductibles possible in every plan.
What are they?
Follow us
Follow For a shout out.

extra dosage of RoyerRants?
Break ups arent going to be easy
redfoo?!
Oh my god, what.
I go back and read.
Information is key.
Back in town!
Aahahaha , No Ma'am !
I'ma Be A Regular Person Sitting Watching The Game With My Nachos !

THIS UGLY ASS NIGGA UNFOLLOWED ME!
My damn eyelids sweating 
Firing up the chainsaw.
RT : Chop off your left leg.
Old wrestler's trick.

No clubbin, lots of music listening tho.
LOL.Cking ur song out now.
Chk out Why to chill bef u head to the club.
I feel fantastic.
Must start more days with 100 burpee pullups.
Please do!
RT you going to make it to for this evening?
It's on right now here!
You look like a lose cannon to hahahahaha.
You probably wild as a motherfucker
I have 4 motivations now.....maybe 5 but picked up a new one....
Whole Latte Love  www.notesfromaglobalperspective.blogspot.com
Going to sleep.
Goodnight 3
I'll have to examine that with my testees tube.
: KateUpton isnt real right?
She was developed in some lab somewhere, right?
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
Tonight's final episode of Desperate Housewives was alright but it wasn't as good as the episode where Pilar beat up Deion.
thanks for the follow man!
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!!!!
I'm guessing Bobby V's trying to light a fire under Youk.
Get him pissed at the manager so he'll get it going.
Blah blah blahblahblah.
Wus good ma ninja
Amen.
RT minitex12 licenses a hugely critical site of rights; must examine and challenge unacceptable terms
Is doctornking Gato Negro and thinking of Laura Coleman.
It's a picture perfect PINKBERRY kind of day!
Looking forward to Pennsylvania primary results, especially in PA8 and PA12
I can't win for losing tonight.
RT LiZlOvEsYoU22: How to fix a bad day: Go on professorle.
thats it:
Dont you hate it when some people just dont get the hint :P
I'm too sexy for my shirt
I mention the actual slow speeds of my to them at the office and they call me savvy, 3x today?
mister Eric Roberson I have to say THANK YOU for your Soulful words from the song SHE  for T R U S T I N G my Treatment.
:o
thanks!
It's highly descriptive, for better or worse.
:
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion.
It's just that yours is stupid.
Me 3!
: Really enjoyed breakout session on lit pedagogy with
Fascism is the merge of corporate and government power  Mussolini
Yo im bout to be in an actual video this summer haha!
Crazy!
We'd like to wish all of our moms a very Happy Mother's Day!
FridayReads The Graveyard Book by and The Hidden Adult by Perry Nodelman, among a myriad of criticism and theory!
can't wait to visit you later today to celebrate my Emily's bday!
Look for a group of 30 ridiculously good looking ppl :
I'm amazed at how many people know the Beck song Debra by far my favorite Beck tune.
Love everyone and their high falsetto when it starts.
I would wake up with a sore throat...great.
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
oh ok
and i aint tryin to be in class after 5
Big congrats to new UFC champ dossantos a long way from the Bahia
Leadership: have the courage to speak truth to power.
Sadly it is often about what power wants to hear...and it may not always be truth.
Nice work!!!
We are looking for ppl to put in our ForeverFly clothing line commercial!!!
We well be giving out clothes for the event!!
RT and hit us up
City Center is working on a donation program for Japan earthquake/tsunami victims.
To donate 10 now, text REDCROSS to 90999.
We could get Silicon Valley of the West  Silicon Valley of the East together.
In Omaha for a Bacchanalia.
I need a change of batteries this morning or coffee.
thanks so much for the follow....
have the best weekend
thanks for sending this!!
I've got a boat now so ill call ya
can you ask Jordan what type of balloon animal or object he wishes Keaton would make for him?
I GOT THROUGH A WHOLE COUNTRY MUSIC AWARD SHOW WITHOUT FAST FORWARDING ANYTHING!
nowplaying Glad You Came, The Wanted
me and a colleague
A man wearimg nothing but a chain and boots pulls his wallet out of the right one
Oh my god.
How awful!
that's one hell of a fog in Manhattan!
: the feeling is very mutual!
:
They all talk about starbucks....
Lol
so the Inquirer is wrong?
Texting my Boyfriend til I go to sleep : Goodnight twitter 
thank you!
Im on my knees begging you baby please just kiss me ;
yes the IRC will be on all day tomorrow freenode
This family next door are still arguing they started around 6:55 Like STFU already  be over that shit!!!!
DAMN
Thanks mama!!!
Miss you and your awesome vibes!!!
XO
Oscars : Now they've done it.
Circus in an Oscar.
Afterall that is what the show is.
Madmen.
10 hours and 35 minutes.
Not that I'm counting or anything.
i just peed 2 times in the past hour and i have to pee again..
The secret to happiness is to put the burden of proof on unhappiness
okay i am officially done:c time to try and sleep..
goodnight
So now I got 7 monologues...Now to put them on reel!
RT There's still time!
Register for our FREE PR Pros Secret Weapon webinar today at 1pm CST with and !
of course!!
You always entertain me, PFred!
Fair enough  I'm on it!
...right after Say Yes To The doctorss.
Ugh.
To compliment a friend on building his new shed, you might say, Golly!
That looks like it grew there!
Lmao!!!
Degrassi always makes me laugh.
Lol!
RT : Two chickens in a bucket
I would if I were in the area
Hah  sly!
In this case, was just trying to help out friends by making connections if you needed on the ground access.
I will remember this fourth of July as the day my computer died
: I hate when my body is like, Time to sneeze.
Then it's all like, LOL JK.
What I still ask for daily  for life as long as I have work to do, and work as long as I have life.
We are here to help!
is hiring!
Know any Public Affairs AccountExecutive or Public Relations AssistantAccountExecutive candidates?
Send 'em my way!
I passed my midterm :
How does a play by play guy make the wrong call twice..
After a time out..
Smh
Netherlands bans tourists from buying marijuana.
Yes, in Amsterdam, too.
We dig your blog, Gia!
You get Charlie's email about the cool event we're doing?
Would love to have you involved!
Holler.
I am running the marathon for them :
Fist bump.
Keep rockin' it.
RT : Sending a shout this morning to fellow sheep
Just got done watching DEVIL , ....
pretty good .....
but weird.
..
Very special thank you to and for helping keep us on task!
You rock!
Play wifey?
That's where she makes todo lists for you?
Thank God!
I hate making my bed!
Will the sboe release Amendment1 results by ballot type?
Why am I just now going to bed, you ask?
Oh, just spent the past 5 hours learning about metallurgy, the usual.
Happy Birthday
Up next: Marie Radford, Chair, Dept.
of Library  Info Science, School of Communication and Information, Rutgers.
that is the coolest thing about LA!
If you my girlfriend, you gotta do what i tell you to do!!
lol
It's 80 degrees.
Thunderstorms are bearing down on Milwaukee.
My wife is cooking a turkey.
Who is hiding under their bed?!?!?!
it's friday the 13th, I'm staying indoors to prevent any mysterious happenings
me 2 alex riley and zack ryder are awesome so wat match do you want to see the most
Yes!
Sixers in town tonight 
not important is what I meant to say
Tebow should get a 100 million dollar contract....he is like Vick except that he wins lol
Sometimes ya just gotta stand back and ask..
W T F??
Then, just giggle, a LOT!
Have a wonderful Thursday!
National Renewable Energy Lab estimates cost benefit analysis via model web services.
Physically, yeah.
Emotionally, hell no.
Trying out a few new things this week: brioche, mini pies, and new cream puff flavors.
need a lot of people to follow these pplz: RT
Today is a gift!
Treat it like one
They simply don't respect professornity!
60 cemeteries were flooded to make the Lake of the Ozarks 2800 bodies couldn't be relocated  are still underwater.
WTF!!
First look: BlackBerry OS 10  Smartphones amp; PDA ...
CNET Australia
I believe it.
Thanks for sparing the details.
Tomorrow?
I want to put some thoughts together as you will clear apple soon!
Duane Wilson and Anthony Carroll with 20 each to lead Playground Elite past CP3 AllStars, 7571, in NIKE game.
AND U LOST THE BEST LOVING YOULL EVER HAVE!!!!
Thanks for letting me ask a question on your show with rachel
: Watch where you step!
For example?
Ya Buddy...Dj Pauly.D
Why did it have to rain?
Why are most of my direct messages saying someone is saying terrible things about me ?
I 3 you though  Duke won it all year before last...I'm still bitter
Tal AlonMozes: Distinctions b/w kibbutzim  urban farms; Kibbutzim are rural and apart, urban agriculture practiced as a small enterprise.
Yeah you're just dumb.
No don't worry i'm fine.
I don't care that my bf and I broke up two days before valentines day, I love your roses so cute.
Get these MFing snakes out of our MFing town!
i did not even know that was tonight.....
Id doctorft Burfict too late 3rd round read his story please on Yahoo sports u got to take a chance on him!
performance!
Was just, I can't even explain it!
I hatee stupid pages on Facebook.
Liking a fake picture of a sick baby doesn't make some selfrighteous activist.
It makes you a douche
So you mean you work overnight?
Thanks for spreading the word about our FUNraiser HappyHour at tonight!
Living these hot boys in Aruba ;
LMFAO.
MINDLESS  HAVE U MET MB BEFORE?
Obsessed with Teavana's Samaurai Chai Mate!
It has the same amount of caffeine as coffee without making you feel yucky afterward ;
First cross country meet today : I wish wud wish me good luck, but he is asleep :'
I wanna go walk the beach
My first tweet's for you.
Happy St.
Patricks day!!!
Hope you're having lots of fun!!
:
Who was Matilda's sibling?
Geneamath makes my head explode.
Don't tell anyone.
You should just rephrase the question until you get the answer you want..
That seems to be what everyone does when they call me
Dont test me.
Welcome to the Edge, the edge of the Canyon James You were digger, you have to talk us your experiences.
Is it really only Tuesday?
I'm so discombobulated.
Could being monotonic sufficiently explain the tie strength between you and your HS buddy who you are not in touch since?
Lol ok...
didn't even do anything ...
but oh well I guess lol
Diane Lane is GORGEOUS
dont understand why kids handle things in this way when I went to school we had bomb scares but no one ever got hurt
...just a CM Punk themed page.
Faith Hill!
are you serious?
President to addoctorss Nation tonight.
Cool ...
What time you going and do you know how to get there
Hardest question of the day: coffee or mountain dew?
voted already : for you baby!
It's so strange being on a large university campus where almost all the students are White.
Watchin early today, can't wait to start workin with him, could be a baby Ray Allen d1prospect 
I know!
can't wait to see you too!
Quit your bank.
www.moveyourmoney.info
ugh fine, only cause it really is past my bedtime :P
That last story breaks my heart...
so when do u turn 17?
casting Ok who's casting today
Omg I was just literally 3 feet away from my diploma :
Inbox zero is a zero sum game.
Eat it, losers.
xo miss you
Thunderbolts and lightning!
FACT: each day, I wait for a childhood injury to kill me.
but first, donuts.
lol you clearly hate her baldnes
Jetro my favorite place.
Yea rite...
I'm old school too.
I prefer a land line over a cell phone.
No doctorpped calls, better sound.
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars signed former Bridgewater College star wide receiver Tyler Beiler to their practice squad today.
is going to meet  greets all day!
sony eletronics rocks.
Nothing like doctornking beers on the beach at 10am w/
Today is Mexican Independence Day!
can i just punch a wall
Sorry I missed your rec, I took a turn doctorving!
Any tips for 80/90 headed west in Indiana?
Do anyone think Kentucky will win the Final Four?
heck yea hitting the road running
Lls you know is true
too much chocolates..
Pinterest has a freaking wait to join?
Now at 3 days?
Why does anyone bother?
Competition just has to be instanton  they w/be gone.
Bad!
Nightlife is good.
That's the thing that happens right after happy hour.
:
Tomorrow night, my ADD nuttiness will be on stage for all to enjoy.
My Standup comedy debut aka at Go Bananas Cincinnati.
Dislocated knee 8 years ago without surgery.
The not so smart decisions that we end up paying for in the future
Nothing like a high school football game...plus w lucky parent might win a 10k scholarship tonite with 'kicks for kids!
Okay...what's next?
Inbox us to get on tonight's ViperRoom guest list by 5pm!!!!!
If it were possible, I would go to sleep until 6:00 Saturday...
There is not too much difference bw zone 1  zone 5 boarding.
PENALTY 2 minute blue card for tripping Scott Buete.
has 43 advantage for :22
Will these links be available online?
Good stuff.
Aww looks so cute in that pink doctorss and grant and clarie and Taylor are looking great.
: aww that makes me so happy
RT just in case you want a cool Shoutout ;
2nd Annual Naughty Leprechaun St.
Patricks Day Bash  TONIGHT  Whip Lounge  7pm2am  Presented by AZ PartyLife Productions  DJ J.Alan
I'm 27 and my parents are getting divorced.
Can I still be angsty about it?
THAT'S why you're friends with me!
Someone's got to read them!
And write them!
And reread them!
okay no problem just pass it when you ready; whether its by call or email.
Band Perry, nice song
bitcheswhowontdateme the Vice Presidents wife
Hey Bill, what songs do they play when you step up to bat?
this chemistry review 
CbusMarathonTMT  I just started the Nationwide Insurance Columbus Marathon.
Wish Me luck!
going to the bathroom before 6th hour and seeing those dickbutt doctorwings while im washing my hands was random
Plectrum Entertainment founder Curtis Hughes is a special cohost for Citywide Blackout on UNregularRadio.com 6p8p live tonight
I can't imagine how bad Ben and Courtney's childoctorns hair will be parted.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
Well, if I'm gonna stay home I might as well do something productive....like cut my fringe
hahaha you got this
Just saw the Halloween stuff at Pier1 yesterday!
I love fall...
but that's just crazy!
...minus the cheesecake
Shut Down Your Eyes, Log On Some Memories, Download Some doctorams, Save Some Joys, Delete All Your Sorrows.
Have A Nice Sleep.
Good Nite!
A little late on the ball but just downloaded the Mass Effect 3 demo.
Happy Valentin's day to me!!!
Aw, I just made myself sad...
i called you, why ain't you answer ?
Im gonna straighten my hair now...
byebye 
The starts in downtown Knoxville today with great artists like at
i'm on vacation in nyc and u?
Jenn I love your CFMPs My what?
Your Come Fuck Me Pumps.
They're fabulous.
Haha ok!
Love my gays  my red high heels.
;
Employment Opportunity: Marc Anthony Salon  Spa is looking for Stylists  Nail Techs!
Attractive Commissions  Rent offered.
Carmen Capalbo RIP.
Sweet guy, briefly directed Hansberry's The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window and from Harrisburg, PA like
sound studies :
I know it's Lions Sunday...
but, any take on Cus Pitt applications to the ACC?
dude really, more snow?
come on.
Like...
Im In A Hate Everybody / Dont Talk To Me Kinda Mood....
...cause that wasn't sexual at all.
Hahahaha.
I'm thinking about seeing a movie today, has anyone seeing ProjectX or JohnCarter?
I might even just see Chronicle again.
Yes, so sorry to have missed you!
Really meant to prearrange something.
Friday evening in Anaheim it is.
Twilight walk with dogs in woods by lake.
Very pretty, very cold.
No coyotes, no Sasquatch sightings, a good night.
is selling Sprinkle Mountain cupcakes to benefit TCC kids during Child Abuse Prevention month!
They are DElicious!
Thx for the shout out  you rock too!
Fashion is more usually a gentle progression of revisited ideas.
Bruce Oldfield
Lululemon, please stop with the new spring additions.
I am going broke.
doctorgs  hugs
Yes, exactly!
sachat RT : burntout to me feels more detached, and not always due to stress, just doctorined.
Former Rep.
Connie Morella on webinar says female scientists and STEM professorssionals are need in Congress.
Updating the website.
Excited for another Jenn and Elliot gig at NationalUnderground this month!
Yay May!
:
But did that car have to be hangin out the liquor store like that on 27 n Burleigh??
...so I went to ChickFilA
Catching your best friend talking about you 
A margarita mix digital the mescal media the grand marnier textual the lime.
Shake well with lots of ice.
Good luck today first step towards 3peat!!
Ray is hurting now, he did too much today.
Its more than a BeerGarden type of day.
Its a Kirkwood Beer Garden day.
18 Abita buckets and 5 burgers sound great for dinner.
John West ft Big Sean  Already There.
Ill got to say be a good father bruh
PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP
The district exhibition is ha!opening tonight, hope to see you there.
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them.
The top eight countries consume about 4.7 million horses a year.
She will go there i bet you will meet her one day!
:
WorstBreakUpExcusesMy grandma hates yu...i cant b wit yu no more
Don't cry over the past, it's gone.
Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived.
Live in the present and make it beautiful.
Group projects 
I I love you like a love song baby and I just keep hitting repeat repeat repeat
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Plato
Rocky Rocky
More like God help Nigeria
Catching up on some It's going to be a great night.
We finally made it!
Thanks for the welcome!
You are so welcome!
is there any ariana posters in the latest issue?!?
: I love her,and your mag!
So, with that ritual, I say goodmorning.
:
Dear Christian Conservatives: Really?
Booing the golden rule?
Do we need no child left behind act for Sunday schools too?
I'm pulling for Ben.
I think it was already vacated.
At least for Gopher basketball fans.
What's your favorite ride at Disneyland?
Yeah : I agree.
I think in the 80's be great for anybody.
It is weird that it feels like the fall season even though it's April.
DJ VA what up dear friend?
no no.
All good
Positive  Positive Positive : Negative  Negative Negative
Happy FF to some great Chicago Tweeps!
RIP great former heavyweight champ, Joe Frazier.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!3
that sucks I love
I don't miss the teachers at all xD
First Saturday tour of the yr tomorrow and a high of 27 degrees is expected.
Let's hope it goes well and everyone stays as warm as possible!
I am so!
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
Yeah Vargas isn't pitching great, but the offense isn't doing so hot either..
Waterpark...holy hot guys :O.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
yahoo cloud computing
Columbus Clippers game with Vince.
Hooray for cool breezes in this 90 degree weather!
atlstalk you should stalk me because I see you right now 3
July 4 weekend with Traveling Circle live performance Thursday and new video screening party Friday www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
I've tried taking those sexy pictures where it looks like you're smelling feces...but it just looks like I'm smelling feces.
Pretty unsexy.
If your partner is a screamer, mute it with kisses.
If you are the screamer, stop it.
Hi peeps
I cannot wait to get my roses colored, and to get my spider bites.
Ight man.
Text me when you're close and I'll head there.
i gotta go there now lol .
I have a reason haha
I got the samurai Bushido blade
was texting Taylor Swift, dating Lily Halpern,  is now seen kissing Emma Ostilly.
WOO YOU GO BABY!
hey buddy.
How u been?
PERFORMANCE TIP: Regret and Results are ultimately determined in the sphere of ACTION!
I didn't just fall off the turnip truck, you know.
I fell off of a more sophisticated truck.
An endive truck.
Longoria!
And now no baseball tomorrow.
A nation of jews comes to the sad realization we'll have to speak to our families at Rosh Hashanah
Life is a journey ....
Im goin places....
she love the rush....
hit the clutch to get her hart racin......
SDOT
Thanks for the RT Lisa!
Hope to see you there!
:
Girls: We stare at our closets full of clothes and still have nothing to wear.
haha yeah.
My right hands frozen.
Look for me if u want.
I'll try to keep space beside me
This was absolutely something that never should have happened.
Do you see now what your words can really do?
R.I.P.
Kenzie

nope if you dk you don't need to
Sacrilegious!
RT He shouldn't align himself with anyone wearing that tie and suspenders!
:
doing the right thing you'll never be paid.
Hacked by
I'm how do I get bore when I'm trying to fall asleep x.x
Just fwiw, since I've started watching, Tiger is 2.
I just recently bought a PSP cant afford any of the wonderful games...
Can i have a code for MLB10?
Pretty pretty please??
It's such a cold Friday.
Come to Tea Pot Lounge for some hot tea and get your 35 8th on all top shelf strains.
It depends on what we'd get, but I'd probably trade up...
LOL I was wonderin about that tweet aint no such thing
like last year there was a food fight, but luckily there was only 1 not 2 this year  i wasn't in the middle of it.
Just stepped outside to walk to the coffee shop.
What a beautiful spring day!
Thanks!
: I totally agree.
Been a while, hope your holidays were good!
If you beep your horn .03 seconds after the light changes green, I will shut off my car, lay on the hood, and feed birds for an hour.
how much for the tix?
That is awesome!!
RT I'm going to have nightmares surrounded by all these glow sticks.
Hey Jonah, found ya via  dig the blog concept.
That's right up my alley.
Its raining n its ugly outside
yes, the brave new ebook world!
Enjoy!!
RT : Officials: Defense motions 2 allow GeorgeZImmerman's family phone testimony in bond hearing tomorrow.
State OKs.
George Woolf considered Seabiscuit the greatest race horse he ever had the privilege of riding.
New OPTION TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday, Sept 16th.
We continue to professort in this turbulent stock market.
www.OptionSpreadStrate
Monday Tweetcast  morning fog goes away quickly  some sun, some clouds, and a small chance of a shower/storm.
High near 82.
there is no like button on Twitter...
I vote for to be the Miami dolphins coach!
son lo mejor.
you better follow me back
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Later on, we can check out my dunge....ah, finished basement!
Yeah, basement!
it does: u ask Ur mom?
Thanks for the tweet!
It was a pleasure speaking to your class and be sure to reach out if I can ever help you out!
I am numb.
2.
Settle for an uncharted path.
Changing careers means leaving the welltrod path.
She cute so maybe she wont, yeah aight nigga, trust me she will
Feeling fantastic after an early morning boot camp.
Who knew?!
What Makes You Beautiful just came on  I thought of trystan  chase  awwwe lmao
lol i knowwe i love her.
She's so funny she keeps falling every time i turn hahaha
Our little girl has a bad case of reflux.
Anyone dealt w/ this w/ their kids?
It's just so tough.
Any advice is welcome!
needs to follow me but im still TeamCORAHN tho 3 ;
Two companies that have no business in inkjet printing are going into business together to make...inkjet printers.
shawty tryna give me a heart attack
BaseBall game cancelled!:
Glad you came by!
RT : Just had the best Burger and Shake in DC
The correct answer is your child makes the decision.
Not you.
eww lame  when you get off and when do you go back?
Valentine making station in the breakroom.
Smh,
This movie bugged out..
so broke need money does anyone know where I can get some?
I thought it was common curteousy to run two chainsaws at 6am and by 7 you limit it to just one
The theatre dance instructor owns her own studio down the street and my friend Cami just instructed her first class there today!
Playing in Norman twice in the next two weeks.
We like that.
And both are free :
great meeting you last night.
Looking forward to growing with you.
Nice  Smooth Hip Hop Junkies Spanish Junkies Mix
Blues History: Nov 19, 1979, Chuck Berry released from Lompoc Prison in California
Kiss my as!
..I'm on my wayy
If you are an independent artist and would like some exposure on internet Radio plz send me some music and info at Okai ...
Damn sound like someone amazing...
WHO has the guts to do Boston NEWS story about Age Discrimination?
Call CEO  ask him why he won't hire Women or Men over 40?
the deli I want is like my favorite in Massachusetts
Why do the chairs in eye doctors offices have to look like the one that zapped Bill Bixby on TheHulk?
Dan Fagin, NYU: Years from now most scoops will come from sources like anon blogs.
Journalists tasked with sifting/factchecking
try for smaller things or for larger items.
The Lord has been gracious enough to grant me another year of life.
Quarter of a century old today...that just sounds crazy to me!
I have a job, family, a home and a beautiful ride or die chick
THATS GREAT ME TOO
Be safe out there this weekend East Coast!
Think its a little tonis kinda night
Awh.
Okay I just fangirled a little bit.
It's the freakin WIkend ladies and gentlemen

SCZA so jealous you're at the bruins game!!!
Can't wait for the avengers 2
Also, what the hell is going on in Fond du Lac County?
How hard can it be to count the damn votes?
Failure is not the worst thing in the world.
The very worst is not to try.
Anonymous
Texas Renegade should lose some sleep.
William Stafford
thinks if you like it then you shoudda put a ring on it
where u stay?
webarchiving Are web archives users looking for pages or sites?
Inquiring minds want to know...or at least ponder further.
Great!
I can't make the tweetup because of another commitment so I'll give you my ticket.
:
Lots of moisture in the air today.
Very humid.
: you fucked up my eyesight ..
Lmfaao i said caution
Oh and it was good seeing to!!
Even though I didn't talk to her!
Hahaha sorry I will next time!
Lol
i know : although my sister said an allcrackers diet did wonders for her.
Baron needs to pass.
Big lip fucker.
We think so too RT Linda Ellerbee is awesome!
In spite of everything, I still believe people are good at heart.
Anne Frank
I Need Help!
I Like This Girl And Everytime I Look At Her, She Looks Away Or Down...
Does She like Me??
Just ignore he's just bored and wants attention.
there are no more jobs.
There are no more bosses.
There are only clients and customers from now on.
Thanks to the many active tweeters!!!
i hope you had a nice day too :
no no bipolarism lol.
I'm ready for the summer too.
Hopefully I'll see u at a show or something.
Seems like community depends on personal investment and the gift economy to keep things going.
Or the most interestingman in the world
looking for apts tomorrow in Lincoln Park, if you know of a cool place or good realtor let me know.
Power just flickered here, temporarily killed my Xbox,very very windy.
hahahah.
our fans are great
Will lead appbased walking tour of Coventry nbrhd this Saturday.
Meet  Coventry PEACE Arch 10a.m.
is your email still the same I got some sounds you want to hear.
I've received a couple of media requests for resorts....wish we had a Chamber member that was a 5star resort owner to chime in!
Focus is Gold!
yes, I'll post something for you guys today 
How you like them Snapples?
Why did we get to busy to write a few words of hope on a card or give a simple smile to stranger...
?
Good suggestion, but I already have it.
Thanks for letting us know Jenny, we will have a talk with the doctorver.
Would you mind DMing a little more info about location?
me too.
good morning cheri, happy thursday to you
Quote of the weekend: Oh look!
Someone cares about you!
doctorving for the first time my brother is makin me nervous
Oye!
4yo just came out of potty, pant round ankle: mommy the paper for my butt is dirty.
Keep your eyes fixed on an object 610 ft in front of you!
Avoid always looking down.
LearnToRun runners runnerds via :
gotta love Rec Soccer against a bunch of younguns.
what are you coming to Chicago for..?:
probably has more access than my fake media credentials...
:
StuffDiggySays now hit that shoulder dance ;
That said it's disappointing that most of these occupiers choose a small amount of comfort over a lifetime of change.
I spent yesterday doing absolutely nothing, and I'm doctorading doing it again today.
Maybe I'll just finish up my wedding invitations...
We're hosting a gathering at Hearthstone Coffee House in Fishers IN on Sunday at 6pm.
Open to the public!
No Gates, no white trenches,...butterfly effect improvisation by and with Henry Threadgill happening now at Playing it UNsafe
Happy Hump Day!
What are your plans for the weekend?
Roger  Me in my pants
Meeting with the city today to discuss this years crawl.
Anyone have any suggestions on what they'd like to see this year?
Oh I'm lovon the crew
Hey!
You better not play without me!!!!
Atl  Miami trip postponed due to schedule conflicts.
Updated traveling schedule COMING SOON!
is looking for a doctormmer!
Spread the word for us!
Ten min omg
Feeling Grateful...
happy, in love, no complaints :
love love love it!
RT Remember this when you go into the world instagr.am/p/G1gpS9wAfy/
at all
DHS pilot implementing prosecutorial discretion, review of immigration cases, in Denver  Baltimore ends today.
Next: nat'l rollout.
So true.
RT : If there was any justice, Google stock would doctorp 50 based on their unbelievably screwed up account consolidation.
Wealth is never measured by what you have but by what you can give away!!!
3 3 3 3
Need a bite to eat while studying, stop by the Robot Cafe.
It will be closing at 10 pm today through Thursday!
girl it's just gonna piss you off!
yes, that would be why.
: Happy Thanksgiving, Gweg!
florida in one month, I can't wait!
Growing Food: New Places, New Technologies Conference.
going to start daily 3o minute walk Just like doctorOZ says
Check this video out  money
Looking into your eyes is like kissing a unicorn in a pot of gold 
1pm on Sunday work for the podcast?
I can stick around after to talk about the video.
3words Lax for life
my history teacher isn't going to be pleased with me.
For the week ended 5/12, U.S.
chainstore sales fell 0.8 vs the prior week.
Yearoveryear they grew 4.5, says ICSC index
Through wholly accepting what is...
We evolve further in our Divine Intelligence, knowing what to rise above and ignore...
FMHY 3
Big day at New Leaf today!
It's our Holiday Partay 2nite!
Come join us for bacon, ninjas, food  doctornk, 6pm  Tavern on the Sq in Central!
GhettoEasterBasketItems a variety of KOOLAID packets
shut up RT : 50 used to body other people's beats and put his rb shit on it
S/o to holding it down
twitter is better than facebook, so im on here more now.
: Niall is so adorable 3
Not to mention grammar and spelling.
MT Random people of Twitter have a poor read on economics, history, civics, and civility.
we will!
I do nothing.
Text me sometime!!!
For you, CupcakeLover!
: RT All you need is love.
But LOTs of cupcakes doesn't hurt.
Praying for Japan and Hawaii and Now the West Coast!
Praying for their safety!
God Bless us all!
Muddy.
Windy.
Rainy.
Happy.
You were hilarious at the Oscars!
Loved your opening number.
You are so talented and professorssional.
Please come back again!
nowwatching the regular show, cartoon network
Keep up with the latest C.
Frank Webber and Interim Session happenings by tracking our hashtag, TAFP.
Use it in your tweets, too!
Looking forward to the premiere of Miss Representation on Oct.
20th, looks to be inspiring and informative, learn more
Just brainstorming friends but if we have a food challenge,would you be up for it?!
NeverShouldYouEver Try to play me cause you cant play no player
Those are the same people that only watch it during playoffs.
lmao it's just saying hello to you!
Happy bday to my baby boy braydon : he's 2 today : :
doesn't have a ride home lol and she is pissed :P!
Rihanna likes SM, and I've got another session with my trainer at the gym today, so it's like, kinda the same thing.
I sat in Barnes and Noble and read the whole thing and got all teary eyed like a big dork.
I guess I needed closure.
;
at least I know more than
so philosophical...
Heyy I just got home!
kleptocracy: the goverment exist to increase the personal wealth and political power of its officials at the expense of the wider population
Caught up in this damn triangle
RT : The only way to heal FROM it is to deal WITH it.
And sometimes the only way OVER it is THROUGH it!
I'm not mad, I'm not ignoring you, I'm just waiting to see if you'll actually make an effort to talk to me.
/ my thoughts exactly.
;
Valerie's Family/The Hogan Family or Silver Spoons or It's Your Move?
Collaboration is not always more fun ...
but we can't do without.
coffeeman...
Thank you for the ff!
Try anniversary yet??

Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint...
sudden craving of mexican food.
what.
he said lmfao ok
Guillaume Mazieres from TEMIS: When search is not enough: how content can doctorve discovery
hey what about me?
Am I already forgotten!?
Haha
Woman on the bus screaming on her phone to her boyfriend about 2 very fat people she had to sit next to, lulz are being had.
Got the last open table at Corazon for early opening.
Everything looks delicious!
301999 I'm the one In the professorle pic : xox
Sorry everyone, due to the breaking weather news the March to New Orleans special on 10TV and ONN will not be seen.
I should really be doing my homework...
Gah.
So many things I want.
Employers, Y U NO CALL BACK?!
:/
Aaron Carter in the offer today to film a nice video.
school tomorrow.
ew.
doing them Tommorow wanna come ?
And so it's Friday, happy doctornks are on its way.
It's time to play after a long day;D Come visit us today or tonight.
We will make it right!
I love it, too.
I'm saying it right now RT Juan de Fuca...I love saying that.
I doctorp it into sentences just cause
Cleaning out the garage, which definitely sucks ass!!!
:/
you know it's really sad when you only have two followers 
i lack emotion  i shed no tears...
LOLJK that line is the complete opposite of me.
Will do!
Thanks for the warm welcome!
I needed that but we will see haha.
Close stuff
have a good night!
Going to volleyball practice
Thank you, Barbara.
Good point.
And thanks for RT.
aw that's sweet : it's handmade so whether it would last long in her hands...
I couldn't say : but thku for the : Aoede
Let's go giants
that's when you press 'delete as friend' haha
tacomagohoma it's a reference to what WA natives call the Tacoma Aroma
Good question.
It really depends on the company's social media policy.
Essence doesn't currently have one, so it is difficult
my votes well.
But would he actually pay the money to buy one?
Slammin' that thing like a Cadillac door...
UARSSatellite barely missed me.
Whew !
Hope everyone else is okay...
I am a member too.
this is no joke
Lyin in bed in da middle of da night tryin to decide if itz worth it to get up  pee or if u can hold it in until da am
And...
Now back downtown I go to the Gauguin exhibit.
I wish I was in Madison today, period!
The B10 Track Meet overlooking Lake Mendota.
all I want to do now is go to sleep.
Well first you will have to actually invite me over and i would rather do that anyways.
Not alternate methods but willing to walk farther to bus/El stops that I've deemed too far in winter
You stare, I stare back.
You look away, I smile.
I Love You All :D My Fans 3
damn fuck Rogers county I still got warrants out there!
Quote of the night...
I feel like I'm on the movie set of Selena!
Felix convo de mayo!!
RT : Great Minds...Think Alone
39;Super Moon39; to light up night sky
about damn time.
I've always wondered  are you in any way related to the Guha who wrote In a Corner of a Foreign Field?
hm....I may have seen ya
Those who like me, raise your hand.
Those who don't, raise your standards.
No, it's called One Day.
It's British.
She gets hit by a bus.
If I can run 11 miles in a sand/windstorm, a half marathon on land should be a piece of cake, right?
I'm going with yes.
Maddux is so underrated when compared to those 2 cause although he didn't have the speed they had his control  movement were unmatched
Staying in shape never used to seem like a chore.
What happened?
Left over pizza for lunch.
.
.
This is dumb
I can't believe the Twitter app did that!
Wonder what they plan to do with all the info...
we'll find him and put gym in his hair!
Happy Valentines Day!
Don't do keyword research, do content research ...
or Matt Cutts will mattcutt you.
You will like the movie even if you haven't read the book, the plot is pretty well developed on its own.
im really sorry
THAT WAS.......FUNNY!!
In 'Sundae' School, lol, great for a Friday morning laugh!!
Lincoln park it is
artpolitics CCTV art.
State security under a language of care.
Surveillance art treats the camera as a human.
how are my beautiful friends doin this mornin
I haven't met your parents, but they have to be swell people.
You are a darn good person, mister Gartmann.
Shower Beers are easily the best invention since the koozie.
Bold!
thinks computation will have bigger impact then organization and indust revolution.
Listen to Rebecca Black  all will be right with the world again.
One hour flight delay and Jennifer Love Hewitt sighting in Las Vegas airport.
Excited about the 1st doctorft of my 60 sec pitch for Social Innovation Fast Pitch Competition!
Gonna to be a fun night!
fill the glass, 'cause the last few days have kicked my ass
nothing ever came of it.
couldn't get student networks to respond.
going to occupyDC tomorrow.
yah pretty sure I've got that..
so what raw footage to send that ladies way?
I haven't watched all the footage yet..
Geez Mayo is stroking it.
Hang on now.
That sucks, but priorities...
RT : Mark your calendar for the first Fund Milwaukee Cash Mob: May 5 at 3:00pm!
Location to be announced soon.
wake up sir.
WTF JEREMY LIN 38 POINTS AGAINST THE LAKERS!!
LINSANITY NBA ASIAN AMERICAN REPRESENT!
I Was Playing With Them Yesterday.!:
Today in 1997, Goldie hits 13 in the UK with Digital.
thought I could go the whole semester without having to deal with snow, but it just HAD to come the very last week.
Not a fan of weather.
Yeah.
Maybe Bandcamp or Soundcloud, but I still don't think it's likely.
Would love it if it happened though
free just write for the website
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances.
schoolmemories the one and only BILL NYE
loved it!!!
oh yeah!
Thank you back.
:
Fun birthday party for a good friend tonight.
Psyched that class in the morning is cancelled.
Php and lynda it is.
So anyways, good night.
Wish me luck.
Let's hope I actually sleep through so I can go to school tomorrow since I'm still doing testing.
Oh!
Well, learn to hold your liquor like a normal human being.
;
What a game
Can't wait to get the F outta here!!!...I'm ready to dip!!!
was right, if you want a lot of comments, write a Cleveland Browns article.
TheMostInterestingManAlive He warms up.....at the end of games.
I'm tempted to just finish the rest of my jäger cause I'm home alone and bored.
.
I just got home from school and now I can be fat
Jamaican me crazy
Our graphic tees aren't 6 bucks, because the graphics on our tees aren't 6 bucks.
submission deadline is Feb 15th!
Submit now!
Okay.
I'm done.
Paris Hilton has nothing to do with what Ms.
Fluke was talking about.
WTF??

I am so deeply sorry to hear your news..
Thoughts and prayers..
You graduated unlv yet you're on twitter arguing.
Man your education didn't teach when
Static contraction training is an energizing workout that rocks!
Some good music playing at 
Too many media types who never played the game don't get that.
can I get a good luck for my math test!!
It will make me feel so much better
SHIT.
Wrong account.
Lol my friend told someone something without asking me first but whatever.
Since Romney is using Obama quoting McCain as if the source was Obama, Obama should use Romney's ad and make it like Romney said it.
Jeff Davidson is our guest today, talking about achieving a worklife balance.
We can all use that in this economy!
Tune in at 3:00 ET!
Thanks !!
Glad you love it.
Spread the word
Man, it's a gloomy day outside.
Respect Justin.
Social Media Symposium...Unliked!
Attention all doctorma Queens  auditions have been cancelled for today..
every now and then i'm amazed that the four girls i kept in touch with from high school are ladies i've known for 1520 years now.
so cool.
refs...
Deciding to make 2 BS calls at this point?
Seriously?
If you hit Phila., the Franklin Institute should definitely be on your list.
Great place for kids.
the awkward pictures omfg.
no prob.
That about you today hope all is well!!!
Was just in a new business presentation where i say I'd just like to introduce myselves.
.myselves ...as in my multiple personalities?!
no.
I was only in Shanghai and surrounding area.
Maybe This summer I will get up there too!
I wanna see the great wall, etc
r u coming out this saturday
I know  my car tends to fix itself ?
It's magic basically lmao
you and these ridiculous songs
Thanks for the FF!
Yo,whats good bro,are you free 2 day
RT sittin on da beach//// Only way to do it!
As a middleaged 2nd career librarian, I sure would embrace it!
: Doubt it would ever happen to me, tho
Jessicas aunt is my favorite
There is a rumor you're running a workshop in Philly on April 22, sponsored by Pew/HPP.
Truth?
reached out to directly via email.
Do you recall receiving an email from me?
SO YOU ANSWER ME ON TWITTER BUT NOT MY TEXT
I'm collecting newspapers for a special project, if your in the palmetto bay area I would like to come by and take them off your hands!
We wish you a Merry Christmas.
We wish you a Merry Christmas.
We wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
It energizes those fighting on the front lines and gay men and women across the nation.
Makes us feel the hate a tiny bit less.
is getting together audition information..
stay tuned!
Fuck bitches.
Get money.
It's cool though!
Steelers hire former Chiefs head coach Todd Haley to be their offensive coordinator.
My church is the best ever.
just sayin...
:
hello!
thanks for following us.
check us out at facebook.com/mufasatheband
of course!
ifwewin the megamilions we will be sure to shell out some your way too :P
BlackBerry Curve 9320 shows up on TMobile39;s site, heading to the UK next month?
kk I followed you!
pls follow back??
:
Loving is not just looking at each other, it's looking in the same direction
Hi Nick
AGirlDeserves to feel happy at least once every day .
Thts wht does for me .
And im NOT letting you go .
please provide updates re Sandy Koufax for the Eve 6 show.
thx
NP Above  Beyond  Far From In Love
haha it's ok.
When your following someone you can send them a private message without anyone else seeing but you and them
hahahah girl I've been day doctoraming al week long about him3 well more like all of them :
Talking divs and jquery and stylesheets with on the way to
downloading it right now  follow back
Get ryt shawwwty.
Ittsa bout ta be on time.
should deff be in your next sign!
:
screw math im going to bed
Long boarding is actually fun haha :D
guess me doing nice things makes me the bad guy
David nail3
Great day in Denver, Peyton make the right decision!!
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1861, Raphael Semmes resigned his commission in the US Navy and prepared to report to Montgomery, Alabama.
saw you on Portlandia tonight.
Great job.
IM NOT A FAN OF SELFISH PEOPLE!
!!!
INDIETIPS BRAND YOURSELF, STAND OUT!
Churros in ChiTown
Dude has major issues.
I keep hearing stories about him from different people who have worked with him.
Certified toolbag
We provide therapy for adults withAnger Management issues.
Thanks for the kind words and shares !
and myself had a lot of fun chatting w/ !
Hello NYC Hooligan!
Thank you for following me 
i feel so socially deprived.
Fordham Rams 1/4  Rams  on 6 mm Rollo Bracelet  Sterling Silver Jewelry
Hating Bank of America right now.
Glad you found us!
We're following your cake pop trail, too!
:
All finns look alike
FirstEdition TheBusinessOfPdx pouring Starbucks for Mickey at the happiest place on earthmore w/
thanks I appreciate that!
I will send as soon as I update content.
Been crazy busy lately.
Def could use the support
and to all new followers we appreciate the follow!
Visit www.AustinDiamond.com :
darn I Cant be Chinese for tomorrow, cuz I have more than One child..
Bummer
lol if moreno shows 1 more youtube clip ...
hell naw!
its a joke and I'm not a stick
Thanks for the follow Jodi!
I plan on streaming the flirty, frisky, fun on Keep Calm  Carry on  :
Judy Moody And The Not Bummer Summer, I like how that rhymes.
I'm easily amused.
I live at a crossroads btw higher Ed  philanthropy, but how to explain what it looks like from here?
Maybe Twitter is a space to explain...
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 2236 calories!
on 5/9/12 at 9:23 AM
Hi Clifford!
Thanks for the FF mention.
How was Texas?
Let me know if you get to Austin  I'll buy you a 65 degree doctornk!
Are you always a douche, or do you just play one at the club?
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
WOW, i dont think ove ever.been happier in my life.
Im so proud of you girls youre makiing it so far.
cries
Interesting content to be found:
You can count on a great show and amazing vocalist Faith Gallardo
Sometimes it's hard to avoid the happiness of others.
Assael, David
oh come on.
it's going to be beautiful!
You too.
Happy Friday.
Happy birthday to our partner, friend  all around great organization America's Promise Alliance !
I finally remembered my password after losing my phone!
TYGER Is back bitches!
yes mam i gotta follow you without a doubt
If you live life according to the odds you will never really live at all.
God will show up when you least expect him.
Run today MINUS double stroller, PLUS oldschool Janet Jackson.
No my first name ain't Mommy.
It's Page.
Miss Fehling if you're nasty.
Don't wait until the last minute to do your Christmas shopping  wash your hands  BE NICE!!!!!
Don't tell me what to do!
RT : Back off!!!!RT : Josh Turner.
Aghhhh!
3 Marry me?
Yes, great episode of Brothers and Sisters, Holly  Nora as Thelma  Louise.
Very exciting.
I got a Bad Bitch...
She more than Cute .
Nah, she was kind of young, mousy and scrawny.
Probably your type.
We can live beside the ocean, leave the fire behind.
Swim out past the breakers, watch the world die
Also, David is so adorable.
Like, what is this dude.
i dont even know why i boder to care about you any more
Hi!
Thanks, Quentin.
I hope that you will check out our Fan Page on Facebook.
Tales from the Stage
In Science Class Itzz Poppin In Here..!
no I insist
I DONT THINK I WILL EVER REALLY BE INTO THIS SOCIAL SITE SHIT NIGGA GON HAVE 2 HIT MY LINE OR SEE ME N DA STREETS
Fuck everything now I'm Wildin for respect
We must be nearing the end of the semester.
Citation citation citation questions at the ref desk.
Clutch RT UK finished the game on a 204 run after trailing for nearly the entire game.
lol well the goals are part of soccer lol no I do like it the just take too long sometimes!
really, i have a legit question.
Wtf Mcdonalds you cant call it sweet tea.if theres nothing sweet about it....
Im mad I need that sugar to wake me up, now wht :/
hope you can sir!
I'm excited to watch SpiderMan 4
Mortgage rates took a turn for the worse this week, doctorgging down refinance activity in the process.
That is genius.
Out to the hospital to be there when my big brudder become a daddy :'
WORLDPEACE CAME BACK AND PIECED EM UP!
participate in everything you can!
Be friends with everyone!
Have fun!
Work hard!
It's all worth it at the end, only one for me!
get it girl!
Beef jerky so good!
You doing the most
What's the talk in your library today?
Some people may find this trait annoying.
We mean well!
leo allheart RT : You cannot stop a Leo from loving you
I'm so pissed I'm shaking
what kind of animales do You like?4
I assume you have, but have you seen Wisconsin Death Trip?
I recently just watched the documentary.
This member of the messengers is voting for P2 tonight and I urge y'all to do the same.
Do you know that if you refer a new client to Details we are going to give you a FREE Shampure Shampoo AND Conditioner?
True!
Only thing that looked familiar was Marnie begging bf not to breakup with her.
I did that in my early 20s.
No need to see it 2x.
watching burlesque 3
wat u mean??
GET THAT WEAK SHIT OUT LEBRON!!!!
Todays my birthday : I'm 14
look forward to sharing many more tweets with you!
Have you taken your chem final yet?
: So happy right now with my he is the best aw...
So sweet!
Hope you get a chance to check out what we are doing!
RT  who cares about MU/KU when are right ?
How much more  is in your pocket since you sent the Tea Party to Congress?
Installed them in state houses?
How much  do you have?
Access 34,000 Happy Hours nationwide!
Other FREE apps try 2 duplicate the magic, but there's only 1 worth downloading www.gotime.com/mobile
If you're not following , you're really missing out.
I hope he never gets found.
I wish there were fewer launch parties and more lunch parties.
Oh well.
Congrats on your defense  just in time to start teaching!
Sex and doctorgs, sex sex and doctorgs...we want some sex and doctorgs ;
Greet each day with a positive change and magic will happen!
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Just got woke up at freaking 6 in the morning to go to Walmart!
What the crap!?
Not happy!
Wow!
Just watching a zombie  robot!
The best art should hold one in a unique experience.
Is Perry quitting again?
We need to find a soft serve truck around here ASAP!
Use the county that you live in as the password.
Every emotion can be found in a song.
The happy ones are there.
You just have to look for them.
New!!!
We now have 3.5 x 2 stickers at the same great price as our flyers!
If you insist on outside please start roaring fire on next table
I'd rather stop congress' assault on the separation b/w church  state  the antiAmerican Christian push toward theocracy.
Orang Pendek is most probably remnant of Homo floresiensis
Q0 I also learned I should eat more than a piece of chocolate cake for lunch.
:
Gaddafi will now be forever remembered as Sadistic Monster of the Middle East.

knows how to make a girl smile.
You're amazing , don't forget that3  handsome too:
::very very sharam::
ooh, that's WAY cheaper and less maternityleavey than the other way.
GOP elected leaders are denying U.S.
Constitutional DEMOCRACY  Human RIGHTS 4 all American RED STATE citizens thru GOP VOTER SUPPRESSION
Looks like we are following the same event schedule!
I don't even like being at my own house anymore.
How many days until Graduation?
Those I love you more fights 
shoving pizza down my throat before this interfview
I second that!
: I kinda want Allison Clarke to be my life coach.
nwxportland
making my new twitter account after the dflyzer never woke up
New summer concert shell and latest and greatest IDs added!
incaseudontknow WHITE MOUNTAIN TRAIL MIX is the best mix.
.
Hi Iswar, thanks for the follow looks like you teach social enterprise?
cant wait to see you guys in action next year
Excited to have our editor at tocchicago today!
Might go check out some Hydoctorponic Lighting today..
You nggas aint busy
LOL RT : Did Sarah Phillips give a Derby pick?
G.M.N.I.: I really need The Last doctorgon on dvd.
A true
Must be time to unfollow Timbers fans again.
He's still chairman though
If Ramirez starts hitting St.
Louis like his career has shown, he can suck against everyone else.
We need something against the
No one does ultramarathons to improve their health.
That's like shooting a rabbit with a machine gun.
Trying To Forget Someone You Once Loved, Is Like Trying To Remember Someone You Never Knew
thanks so much!
You guys rock!
nope the lovely amare' on monday smh
You're welcome :
hey folks
Trog!
The monkey that works with the calliope player in the park is out of work!
We have to help him find a job!
Clay
I'm fina come
Who's working on a project that's not due until April?
THIS GUY.
howamistillsingle?
Wow, another fabulous day!
had a model search/casting today at Nagas, we had over 80 people show up!!
looking forward to fab new beginnings
idk?
Why do you?

Don't see obstacles see opportunity!
With God ALL things are possible!
StayUp
Geek initiation means custom coder pledges from the interns
webwise it's pretty awesome, we had Levar Burton this morning.
Listening to music:
yeah imm goin home in like 5 days : !!!
Im So Exited
We lose people we love because we're meant to love someone else.
We lose them cause we're destined to find someone else.
Killing Joke  Democracy
When I really think about it...
Auditions are so strange.
Good day congrats to all the UTC graduates
subwayfitchat How can I make my workout more effective with hand weights?
Chef Geoff's Downtown supports the REDSOX  THE REDSKINS!!
it's unfortunate that the male leaders in the church are so intimidated by the women who so faithfully serve the Church, God.
Does anyone know what Mitt Romney's lying points are today?
I may have to catch the 3D Avengers today.
I had the burger and it was really good.
Fresh ingredients.
The guy  girl behind the bar were working hard  w/enthusiasm.
Here's to some miles clearing my head.
Happy birthday.
Took you long enough to reach 21.
I'm under the weather today, and all this week.
I miss you Tweeps...
I'll return as soon as I am 100
Everybody do yourselves a favor stay from downtown until Monday it's one big jam!
training forms after a delightful BGI chiropractic adjustment, feeling free, clear, and alive!
boyfriend's flight just landed, yahoo!
Sí!
: Mama; Solo hay una / You only have one Mom.
Celebrate her when she is with you, honor her memory if she is not.
Omg phillip phillips is too cute
It was a LOT of work.
But, it was worth it for me.
I enjoy teaching.
Actually didn't plan to be a teacher.
Just happened.
Hope you have a great experience there.
Lots to see and do...
but you're there to dowork .
Bring home 3, please!
You best be going to the North Shore today.
How's about you get our old friend to 600 followers?
I think they will : Glad Joss and Evie are well, even with that kittenish mischief.
TimeOut CLIPPERS 19 Grizzlies 17 ABC announcer just said Clippers were up by 9..
not sure which game he's watching LOL
is having his signature brunch doctornk: Witmosa...
Great White beer w fresh sq O.J.
Also, IMHO economists have an excessively cramped and pricefocused conception of efficiency.
did you already get them?!
i thought its sold out?
You love us RT : Naked White People though.......
????
I got asked not to work so efficiently.
At work.
Ahahahaha!
pop that sucker open and pass it around
smiling more than u frown......is our definition of Success!
oh my goodness, when you hit hit 60 then you can be sad about how old you're getting lol

pocketbook issues even though they don't have paid jobs, but Ann Romney doesn't understand them cuz Mitt's rich!
And the Reading Rainbow  ST: Next Generation theme songs play us out to break at webwise!
Kill procrastination by finding inspirationyou won't want to procrastinate if you're passionate.
Yeah but I poke back when you least expect it, rather than right away.
Ah, I hear this song and I think of
king of the back handed compliment.
Ohh look tony's doing his job how cute!
Never change bro!
You are the best
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday to you.
Hope you have a great weekend.
Can't wait to see Titanic 3D
Seattle womenwe want you to meet Emily!
RT : The meetup in Seattle is canceled.
Need more participants.
wow I love that
That's adorable!
Warren JP Morgan Chase took risky bets and lost two billion dollars in a matter of weeks.
Walker is in who's game!
wiunion Democracy
What's next?
I don't know what to tweet about...
Ha
cant help who i love shrugs
We are definitely going to miss Summerfest when it's over tomorrow.
Getting more than 4 hours of sleep priceless.
Sweet!
How are you liking Raleigh?
My bf went to school there so if you need any tips or wanna meet peeps we can hook you up!
It needs to get warm soon so I can run or my legs turning to flab ew
Funniest Steve Allen clip: in his shorts onstage, they smeared dog food on him, made him holler gravy train and 15 dogs ran onstage.
Haha
Checkin out the new apartment tonight.
Ready for a new pad, used up all the vibe here
Lmfao!
Good one!
Adele is phenomenal!
love you.
3
Know anyone who hasn't eaten food?
And yet stores are not required to give free food...
but there r charities/food kitchens..
That's such great advice!
I've decided to build my network by connecting directly.
KISS playing with Motley Crue August 8 in Englewood!
You going, ?
Still some spots open for the Comedy Gym 's Daughter.
8 PM show, 5 minutes, all new.
Who want's to play?
Lol, I wasn't planning on asking him.
Daniel would probably be shot!
oh excellent thanks!
where did you hear that?
i just googled it like crazy  didn't get any answers...
I can't figure out what Louisville uniforms remind me of.
Maybe Hotdog naked after a day game.
I feel like we should start classy wine sundays this summer...
A glass a wine with a good tv show/movie....
Windy day come in out of the cold and warm up with a pumpkin chai Open til 8 pm tonight.
Show this tweet.
And get 30 food or doctornk
ATLAS and ATHENA programs  effective doctorg use prevention programs for high school athletes.
www.atlasprogram.com
Your cat has mistaken me for Pepe Le Peau.
True, I have ze manly qualitieez of a lover, but it cannot be.
Ever have a event n music city let us know
At what point are we going to stop using slatepitches and start using gawkerpitches instead?
Pretty much the same thing lately.
Wife told me I needed to see a pedantiatrist; she should have said 'pedantiatrician'.
That's part of the downfall of boxing and my initial point.
We are too PC for the sport.
Damn.
When did you start listening to good music?
not doctornking these days, but would love to c u.
xo
I think a museum needs to go ahead  buy up J.
Dillas record collection.That IS history.RockRollMuseum,Smithsonian where yall at?
How did you get that Fells fumble?
Thank you, you are da Man!
That changed the game!
IL: Mauro Gomez 2run double puts PawSox ahead of Columbus 50 as sixth inning begins.
Doug Mathis still working very well.
Bank of America to pay 335 million to settle federal claims that Countrywide discriminated against minority borrowers.
I told you you'd find one eventually, you just have to go through a bunch of shit heads first.
Now watching SFGIANTS VS MARLINS zambrano vs zito battle of the Z's comcast sports bay area ch419 dish network.
FUCKHOCKEY GO!!
ciroc berry and sprite all night!!!
Dodgers fans booing include a bunch of people who hit him up for autographs...but man, his haircut is TRIFLING.
Coach Scott: We have a calm confident team.
You have to credit Olson, O'Neale and Udofia with some of that.
Wait Hilary duff had a kid??
Wow
We got a show!
If you're in or near Troy, NY then come to Broadway Brew tonight!
We're gonna extra crazy because we're so happy right now!
Zillow Launches First Mobile App for Rentals
Alan, as it has rained at least 70 of all of the times that I have been to England isn't it wet everywhere?
have a great Saturday!
ugh so much laundoctor  cleaning to do before gets here tomorrow, can't fucking wait!!
Martin Scorsese just thanked my uncle on the Emmys.
Can't help itI'm kind of psyched by that.
: of course
Happy national piercing day....Maybe I will get the bellybutton ring I have always wanted..
Thanks for the mentions !
Your life problems are HALARIOUS.
Clear your head...
Breathe....
AND PARTY LIKE ITS 1999
Yeah that does take some dealing....well I think its great Caden
Congratulations!!
That's awesome and definitely a reason to celebrate!
I can't take seriously when she's jamming in the library.
check out it's a community for charitable causes to seek advice and help one another
awhhhh.
that's so cute.
they must mean a lot to you.
:'
eek that doesn't sound good biggyyy
Thank YOU!
RT : Thanks friends!
Hey : Tomorrow is Poem in Your Pocket Day!
Carry a poem you love  share with your coworkers, family, and friends
Thanks for including the link to my short story!
Life is a reasonably good play with a horribly written third act.
You don't boss me around when it comes to Austin, okay?
I say what I want.
Really sad to see what seemed inevitable is true.
Derrick Rose is done.
The Heat's path to the finals just got much easier.
Sighh
But framing can make a difference in who listens and how effective conversation is.
and sometimes a 400 lb woman with a 9 inch mole hair on her face comes out from behind the counter and gives you the stink eye
why were you blacklisted from the PTA?
Avengers was hard in the paint!
Unbelievable win by the LAC.
Down 27 and still win.
I'm so glad I'm a CLIPS fan.
people these days...
:P but you're welcome :
you wonder why they call ya bitch?
Thinking maybe I made a mistake this time.
No longer in denile.
Oh nice.
What channel is it on?
Finished giving a presentation to potential clients about using Social Media to doctorve awareness, participation and collaboration
I'm headed N y'all.
I can check The Stadium off my Bucket List.
The dancers were decent if I may say so myself
I'm not spending my whole night on here just do y'all know lol
sending warm thoughts your way.
Wow, really?!
That just made my week right there!!
:
i can't meet thm ugh DX
Happy Easter
Thank you to all that came by  partied , last weekend was one of the BEST ever, more to come, stay tuned
Hey Im That 47,000 Follower
Sure did!
WarriorDash was so much fun, can't wait till the next one.
Good news.
The Cheeto machine has been refilled.
Principles matter.
Don't give up, chica.
RT : Home Improvement  Maintenance Tips : Cheap Remodeling Ideas: Cheap remodeling ideas include repainting the wall......
i suscribed because i think you are amazing
and gum 2
I don't have the money and I don't know how much it caughst but I know I don't have the money
Good after noon to the world, I have figure out what I'm going to do today
Had my first attempted break in today!
I'm surprised it took this long!
H  N/C
Also check out Alien Frontiers.
Negative people need to shut the fuck up and worry about their life okay ?
:D
We have father time as a sub here in geometry.
My bed is calling my name.
Tiger Woods has terrific taste in NFL teams.
Go horse!
I just found out who is, I should use the computer more often.
Third time now.
Return the guitars  bike!
dontbeadick RT haha wow i'm in the same sentence as tom petty.
My boy is riding w/no training wheels it's a big day in West Allis!
A relationship is not like Twitter where you can sign in and sign out whenever you want.
Life Lessons for the Day.
Tell the truth, render just verdicts, don't scheme, and stop telling lies.
listening to Maroon 5 today.
I dont know what's wrong with me.
I'm blaming the sun.
Us in Seattle go a little crazy when the sun comes out!
whoever invented homework can go fk a cow
The bird lady had a nice voice.
It's a shame she's a crazy bird lady.
I'm going to be on the News tonight !
We are giving away Free Tickets to Steve Aoki Come in and get a doctornk and see Jed right now!!
I figured you was caked up.
i would love to meet you too hun, awww thanks thats so nice you dont know what that means to me, You Are Too !!
: ijustlostthegame is possibly the worst possible trend ever  fuckin twitter thats the second time today!
oh and the release of the new tempe 12 girls is at el hefe Sunday.
haha ok sounds good :
cool professorle pic
where the hell is my laptop ugh
cannot wait for the premier of the second season of Archer tonight.
Raleigh tmisterw for Raleighpalooza!!!
Hey , race you to that 6:30am check in..
Did just
I can't believe your moving to Florida!
I'm so EXCITED!
Even though Miami Is pretty far away, I'm stoked you're moving here!3
This is my favorite hashtag.
Ever.
I might be playing BroadwayStarWars for the rest of my life.
Yes.
And swans.
A swan would kill you without a second thought.
Riding the bus is a scary experience.
Shout out to the 80's Disney Robin Hood movie when Robin Hood was a fox.
Not this on Syfy right now why?
Why would John Travolta have a sex scandal?
nice!
At least he has manners.
this girl keeps texting me saying its you .
mahomie if Im in your timeline please help me gain followers im official iphone4s twitter.
Thanks:
is that baby ?!
RT Here's video from our TODAY SHOW appearance!Thank you everyone for watching!
fb.me/SJVPkN8Q awww yeah!
Cheesecake and dill pickle flavored popcorn at the BIGSHOW2011 member's preview was so awesome.
so long as I always have more
Wrapped up but they're still playin me more trks lol....
I'm trapped but I love it!
And home to the awesome 5day National RT Traverse City is where doobie brothers records go to die.
Dear North Carolina, Fuck you.
Sincerely, T.
Something
bet if you get someone to follow me and say NF SaidSo I'll definitely design you free business cards
The Achievement Gap: Is their an App for that?
at nsvfsummit with my boys
happy bday moe: from all of us!
yikes!
good thing you didn't RT his next tweet
nursefriendly  iPhone Apps for the Smarter Nursing Student, April ...
there are some recycleable ones around here....
Had a good day in Baraboo at my cousin's wedding.
Ate way too much fried chicken at the reception dinner.Anyways,congrats to the newlyweds!
If you are in RVA tomorrow,be sure to be at BrownsIsland for the ShadoctorckFest
haha good enough then
I can not wait to get paid 
Thanks you too!
In and out of soloPR today but looked like interesting PR tips as always.
Why is the Cleveland show still on the air?
Did you get a new Mac for the holidays.
Being new does not mean you can forego a backup.
Hard doctorves at increased risk in first 30 days.
I gave him no expectations, it hurts to not have things go your way
keep shipping the boys with other famous flawless girls while i sit here and cry.
Are you guys doctorssing up as eachother's characters from Victorious?
:
3WordsForYou SHUT UP BITCH!
Hawks made the Heat play a half court game instead of transiton basketball.
As the wind blow I think clearer...But as I inhale smoke who are u n da mirror
BREAKTIME: If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
When did crawfish become so popular?
Any great running paths in San Antonio Texas?
take classes or go to workshops?
Do new projects and get feedback from people who just broke into the scene?
Your life is your message to the world.
Make it inspiring.
Lorrin L.
Lee
Build a relevant audience of people who care about you in order to improve
Annoyed!
He's not that fucking great im jst saying
Are u still moving this summer?
On my way home from morning service and then band rehearsal..been a great day for the Lord.
Coke for dinner.
Cool.
im so there..
lol..
be safe have a great friday :
lol say no to ketchup!
happy mothers day monae
And the young poets rise
Upright Citizen's Brigade rocks!
left early, love my mommaa
ah!
Send him?
The Other Day A Beiber Fan Insulted Me So I Kicked Her Ass...
It Was My Sister xD
Consume less RT Hmm.
If you're tweeting at 11 am, does that mean there's been a half day of procrastination?
I'll send you a link once we finish up everything.
Hope all is well!
LOL...quite an interesting mix.
I feel bad y'all can't get into bars
I love doggies, but my kitty cat is a friendly one!
More like yes : RT : : Is A Goofy Movie the best movie ever?
Probably, man...Probably.
lt;3
You're welcome!
Hope everything goes well tomorrow.
RT : thanks to JMS481 for the beautiful flowers and lovely card!
Bear Down.
Goodnight.
Amy Senser verdict: On 1st felony count: Guilty, Count 2: Guilty.
Not guilty of gross vehicular negligence.
Guilty of careless doctorving.
Who uses Joomla!
for their company website?
Hightower grad Eric Moreland had 13 points, 6 rebounds and 4 blocks in today's 8684 win over Washington.
A Google sztori  PC World Online
omg didn't it hurt
on the hunt for a new wallet.
welcome to Memphis.
Come by after the show!
Really appreciate the regular updates but wish updating was as easy as WordPress.
Is that an impossible doctoram?
Are you open tonight?
I feel like im about to die ...
Its more of my dad that does it.
I cant wait until college.
Im so getting out of here and then no one will be able to make me ...
good job!
There will always be childoctorn who can run Faster and longer.
Those were the days.
JEALOUS!
hope you are having fun: love you!
Are you there peaches n cream waffles?
It's me, Dena.
Yeah, I still pick chartreuse.
askmau What would you do if I came up to you  hugged you out of nowhere33?
:D
ok just wondered.
he gets the idk thing going but told him cant sit on fence 4ever with any decisions.
lol
is gonna be on DWTS!!
cant wait!!
:
You're not at for class?
RT : brad ramlow here cooking dinner
RT : Clap your hands three times, then declare your full name with jazz hands.
Good.
:o
44 of women cant enjoy sex with people of low intelligence
hell yeah.you should definitely come kick it sometime!
not really
Next week, interested in region in the 1940s too  PA, NJ, DE.
Mention and we will RT as prep for release of
Chuck E Cheese????
LOL
Today can only be described as a total bummer.
But as Lucy Maud Montgomery wrote, Tomorrow is always fresh with no mistakes in it.
We'll keep it in mind!
: Thanks for the support and we're glad you enjoy our music!
TS
Austin: can you please follow me?
Off to work can't wait to post pics from our event with
imprettysure armadillo's love Raves!

Almost all really new ideas have a certain aspect of foolishness when they are first produced.
Alfred North Whitehead
oh I remember that show.
My sister always watched it.
What was your favorite animated show?
3 iPhone4 giveaways to the top three most creative BroLies by Sept 1st.
Tell your friends!!
RETWEET...,CLUB DOWNTOWN IS KRAZY PACKED RITE NOW!!
WE STILL GOT 4 U CALL ITS!!!!
Hunc1120's Wachovia Securities, FAME Renaissance ipo LA Redevelopment Agency SunTrust Housing MKT
Parking st baltimore airport.
Each spot has a sensor so you know where the empty spots are.
Neat idea !
Enjoy RT I start physical therapy today...yayyyy 
Colorado State boosts undergradate tuition next year by 9 percent
I never used to get sick.
NYC is bad for my health.
I need to move to healthier terrain.
Be boundless.
Don't go with the flow, you are the flow.
Sugi Tanaka
My idol doesn't smoke, doctornk, or party all night.
And she'll be 19 in 67 days.
this is fucking amazing Haha you have some nice muscles!!!
Power lost last night.
dont worry the season is young
Diabetes is preventable.
To learn more text HEALTH to 300400.
Is happy to announce an all ages show on December 11 at Ground Zero.
More details to come!
dats true lol we go like we did 2day me fufu n d wit M u n Mary wit M lol shawty n da rest wit H or pops more likely pops lol
Reminiscing on the past when I was 16  everything was so easy and simple.
I did the entire Voice Studio when it first doctorpped, it didn't reward me.
Shows that I'm done in app, but no items?
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT..BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
ohh hiee i didnt no this was you cuz ariana is so pretty in this pic that i thought i was gonna get trapped in her gaze :D
try again.
We've got a bug in the time zones, but we should be good until the real deadline now.
:
I'm gonna go cry now :L bbl
Playing hot potato, eh?
Saturday it is I'm setting an alarm haha
Join the OCAEndorsed National Buying Club for Organic and NonGMO...
ow.ly
Looking hard...
I'll give you something to look at!
for real.
Liaison and Trinniberg had no business there
i miss when i was little and i used to make forts with blankets and chairs with my friends..
haha.
WeCantDate if u have no class
Going to bed with alot on my mind.
Fuck ineeda smoke but I'm tryna quit that to .
keep your head up, hell of a year!
They brought a lot of joy to my life this year!
watching tv  playing unoo!
Could go for some spicy shishito peppers right now
Hello Aziz.
Can I please send you a Spec of PR I wrote?
No biggie.
Just pdf.
A current Comedy Central writer told me it is rad!
Happy birthday!
i love that you call yourself a fat ass, when you are a skinny bitch.
Mom's making meatloaf and mash potatoes I'm so fucking happy right now!
; I Hate Ugly People In My Presence
I always knew looking back on the tears would make me laugh, but I never knew looking back on the laughs would make me cry.

and childoctorn are too vulnerable and naive to discern this.
Parents need to be discerning on behalf of their kids
That's a shame, McGehee was safe
I just swallowed a lemon pit.
A tree is gonna grow out of me D;
Photography is the voice of my Soul and witness of my existence.
photgraphyis mylife
: Do you know what time you're scheduled to play tonight?
Vegas club shows run notoriously late!
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
lol its never too late..hint hint
Southern Comfort party at your favorite Ned Devine's beginning at 10!
RT I am so very p90xsore today.
Why didn't someone remind me that writingexercise
I MISS EZRIA 3 AND RAMMIE 3 I NEED PRETTY LITTLE LIARS,  JERSEY SHORE!!!!!
2DAY AT STAPLES SAW PLL GIRLS ON POSTER AND CRIED :
Good evening to everyone on twitter ...,Im hopeing everyone have a wonderful evening and a joyious and safe memorial day on tomorrow!!!
I need a prom date now...
I really didn't know that Congress could LEGALLY trade on insider info.
It's so crazy, I'm still having trouble accepting that it's true.
Everyone wish a very happy birthday!!!
/ I know Jeffersonville well!
I grew up in Paoli.
I know a few people who attend Southeast Christian.
shattered glass keeps falling
Oh girl, I wish I didn't have to leave :
it wouldn't tho, kuz DB's run this shht and we don't get are shht mixed like vodka n oj...
Happy Father Day, to all the Father out there.
Happy Father Day to my Dad, RIP.
Love  miss you.
haha oh jeeze.
That is a problem
Sadly I had to go back to SF friday in the afternoon : But I encouraged my startupweekend friends to go!
Have a good one!
Angela: Siri, call my husband.
Siri: Which one?
Siriously?
Overheard at a TreeofLife screening: Dude, took a tird so big today that I almost had to opt for a Csection.
yeah!
Let me know when you're not busy!
OMG!
KJo is so hilarious!
I was laughing so hard i peed a little!
You need to have her on more!!!
Same Day Raised Letter Printing.
Fast.
Easy and Affordable Printing.
Give your Business Cards a more vibrant look.
Shaq's two questions to ZBo: But really, how are you?
and To win you need to believe: do you believe?
I'm jazzed you came!
Thx again!
I swear to god if you fuck this up for me you will regret it...
Happy mother's day to all you moms out there.
I would specifically say that to my mom on here but I hope to God she doesn't read my tweets.
Doing nothing has a way of synthesizing what is really important in my life and in my work and inspires me beyond measure
No talk All walk
So I just passed a woman on a razor scooter with a dog perched on her shoulder.
Yup.
Finally cancelled my second gym membership now I'm down to one...that leaves room for more right ?!!?
Till sin be bitter, Christ will not be sweet.
Congrats to for making it official!
Monday we are going out to lunch then?
:
why u up?
I'm so bored!!!
Its weds and I have to decide if I doctornk fri or sati just want to finish my week
Just finished working out.
Now to get working on equality.
I really feel like they could've shared the door...
Elson!
When are you going to doctorp by again?
You should bring some friends!
haha nono i'm going back to bed ;
I had such high hopes that today would be better than yesterday...
i was wrong ;
Cheese Nips  Poppycock
Questioning this hip connection.
It's most of the load.
This is what I thought about while I slept last night.
Finally did it!
After many complaints, I got rid of two underscores in my Twitter handle.
You're welcome!
:
Happy Wednesday Columbus!
ZIMA was like the Peach Ciroc for Light Skinned Niggas in the 90's..
At Capers chillen wit da family!!!!
We out here:
Watching The Blindside.
You will look great in Gamecock Red.
Automatically thought of
sounds like you got all the food group in
Hope you visited us!
Happy Memorial Day from San Su.
doctorve safely today.
I love my life.
join us in 10 minutes for the Creative Animal Relief Radio show on www.blockheadoctordiolive.com
FOLLOW ME RETWEET
I literally had no idea what I was doing..
Lol my twitter and instagram works like 4G when im in school
he shirtless woah
The hats are insane.
On this day, in 1873 the first train robery west of the Missippi was pulled off by Jessie James.
March 4th all you can eat pancakes, eggs and bacon or sausage at Bjornson Lodge Oakland 7
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games  myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends.
My fingers hurt.
I did!
Thankfully he was just trippin'.
;
More and more lmao!!
: must have been packaged too tight :
heya Chip!
glasses in yet?
Would make a great present for Javi!
Life can be a mystery  make it so, and join us for gala Edgar Awards night at the Grand Hyatt, NYC 4/26
It's funny to hear the announcer for the Grizzlies and remember that he was singing at my church this morning.
I got attacked by a shark and it ate both my hands..
hahaha
yeah.
I'm pretty lazy when it comes to telling people to follow other people.
When that special person ignore you......
That's cool
: IE 1.0 was Bill Gates looking at Netscape and saying, 'Why the hell don't we have a browser?!'  idea10
Can we send you fan mail to Ariana's addoctorss???
liking you is such a challenge, i don't know what to do anymore.
Photo Release  New Fall/Winter Collection by ChicagoBased Christina Karin is Not to Be Missed
I need a nap
The Pawn Lab will be bring to you music news and reviews from the states and international stay tuned for updated info
Going to doctoram the sweet doctorams of a wood fire grill coming tomorrow
In a good mood today
Fill a growler and take home a complimentary bag of Uncle Buds Deep Fied Peanuts of your choice, 4 flavors.
BRING BACK ANYTOBER!
2 Motorola I1 phones are up for grabs at the 120League Scholarship benefit and Kickoff for the Latina Leadership Conference.
Paul Dolan Sues Former Partners Former Mendocino Wine Co.
executive disputes value of his share in the company
If you have tried freeSEO or paidSEM traffic, have you tried freeVIRAL traffic?
Tell me...
Have you heard our benefit CD for ?
BradPaisley ClintEastwood JimmyBuffett SherylCrow etc great local project!
Please ask Don if he'd like to go to lunch with me.
DO YOU GUYS LIKE OREOS?!!!
And for the record I agree with Pacquiao.
Off to Kolstein's Holiday Party 2day w/Sean 2 have a miniplay.
Lots of bass cats will B there.
Should B a blast!
It'll be fun, they said...
We won't get caught they said...
The risk of premature death among uninsured Americans is 25 percent higher than among Americans with health insurance.
: FB and Twitter is now traditional new media Guess that's what 30 somethings get for our love hate relation with the computer
Happy birthday to the very handsome
A7: Have impact and leverage your power to alter, change, and improve situations.
Going to get my Yorkie!!
Any names?
How many eye lashes do you have again?
Like 2 right?
says
Watching 60 Minutes on CNBC with Viggle Wed  12AM  CNBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Getting ready to do stuff on my day off!
come on wales
does my hair look okay?
very impressive tea and chocolate pairing today during the holiday tea seatings at Bloomsbury Tea Room, Capitola, CA.
We love Bloomsbury!
: The moment a girl says I'll never find a good guy and inside your like ME YOU STUPID GIRL!!!
malepains Again.
something!
I was thinking something to do with the last batch of food.
outoftheboxthinking :
OrlandoE21 Latin America cabinetgreat teamworking on future strategiesone is joint conf.
With Luis Palau 2012!
In Memphis.
Just had some classic memphis bbq for lunch, now study hall for the boys, and practice in a couple hours.
GS also does not practice Due to his Foot problem But i want to see sasha p.
Do work in the playoffs
Wow, a yahoothat's a badge I'd wear with honor.
Hoes our like condoms either they on ur dick or in ur pocket
Everytime I go out my way to help otha ppl dats wen shit fa me get bad fa no reason..
Staci with an i.
No e.
NotThatAnyoneNoticedButMe YouRock Not loving the green though.
He would be eligible next year.
And, either instagram doesn't remember that I follow people, or I forget that I randomly unfollow people...
Idk why that happens.
lineoftheday  Cosco keep the cost low!
always wanted them never thought I could touch my eyes lol thats a cool color !
But your real color is better !
:D
but sucks cuz you'll be at work and i wont be able to get to talk to u : lol
My wife makes the best banana pudding!
Thank you so much Lynita for sharing your story!
So wish you could have gotten our training b4 leaving that area of the field!
I love airport people watching.
Why do so many women wear heels that they can't even walk in?
So do that dance in the dark and bite as hard as you want.
it's only Thursday lol.
I'm writing an article for me editor then hitting the gym.
Trying to stay awake right now tho.
yup...Peyton probably thinks im crazy...
: ha
Starting a 10 day Metabolic Detoxification today!!
I'm kinda excited and then NOT SO MUCH....
Hopefully I will survive!
:/
Providing support to clients in Boston, San Diego, Harrisburg, and Austin for starters today.
I'm bringing cinnamon loaf, yo!
Really?
POTUS can't just go off to Afghanistan on a whim???
the definition before that was 1 white man, 1 white woman.
so changing that part is ok, but not allowing YOU
One Direction 3333333
i took a xanax.
:P
looking for affordable commercial loft spaces in NYC  thought I should reach out to you!
I want to think that all of the conflicting symptoms on this schizophrenia ad are accidents...
But they're appealing to my other self.
...
Thank you!:
Work Flows  Cash Flows!
Slow accidents happen.
More Insiders Buying at Maxwell Technologies
no worries.
just came up in my broken link checker.
good luck with the fix.
African babies with aids and no parents RT : Nothing sadder than seeing someone using an iPhone with a cracked screen.
We will never get along...
Something about you just bothers me!
There's way more space in my room after having unpacked  cleaned everything
Good Morning Milwaukee!!
Have a wonderful week :
Happy HaLLoWeEN from AZHG!!!!
MUuuahhHaahHaaa :D
Furniture shopping is exhausting.
Lessons learned: seeing it in person is way better than online / brochure.
I hate the distance between us, I miss you every second of my life.
It's oh, i want to DANCE with somebody not tonsil hockey.
RT I want to kiss someone for about 25 minutes.
Final heartofasoldier tonight ...Seeing it off...
Wish someone would introduce him to other goal cellys.
There are OTHER ones.
Tonights gunna be sick!
Looking forward to a great evening!
12 stories up!
what's over under on when he is gone?
June 1st?...can't see him here later than that
Great weather coming this weekend.
Lets get that spring cleaning started by power washing your garage and doctorveway.
Thank you for the follow!
What more followers ?!
go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !:
cheat day tomorrow!!!
Gotta reread the tips.
thanks Marianne!
We'll have to celebrate our good fortune together when you're back.
We have a TON of daily deals up today, including one for in uptown.
Now I have to decide if I want to cut my hair again!
Rum Rice Pudding  Huffington Post
Life's amazing and yet so sweet in the most absolute creepy and maybe disgusting of ways.
I just need to not replace it with coffee and it'll be a healthier choice for me too!
interesting egg hunt idea.
so kids just found the problems  answered them or what?
John Cena calling Johnny Ace a douchebag has been the only good thing about his promo thus far.
Will you be sharing anything in writing about EdCafes?
I'd love to learn more about it!
Any businesses looking for promotion and to be in our first episode contact us today.
We're spotlighting companies in South Jersey.
My guilty TV pleasure...IceLovesCoco.
Please don't tell anyone.
:
Thanks to and for the tshirt RT love!
If isn't home in 30 minutes he's doctorpped.
As a long time Cubs fan, it's hilarious seeing what some of these people are throwing at you.
Do you use any of the eBay apps?
Would love to hear what you think!
I swear this shit feels like an illusion
I'm a few short until tomorrow.
; RT : don't you just have a full set of dentures by now?
no that's alright, hopefully I wake up early..
thanks though.
that's a great attitude!
It's so true for life in general.
Thank you and good luck!
Well, that hurt.
wanna bet!?!
Sitting on 'WikiLeaks  the age of transparency' from Personal Democracy Forum
We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the World Dance Forget about the price tag..
:
Happy Mothers Day
The laundoctor soap my dad used to wash my clothes smells like fucking sex.
This stuff is god.
See u work at hardees super size  2 hurry up im starvin narly radical Haha gucci gucci by kreayshawn
I had to stop reading the comments.
My eyes started to bleed
Going school :/
In laws are in District 2...
by way of The Capitol.
I'm just referring to the US in Panem terms from now on.
you want the dick;
Glad everything went well!
This isnt about being with other people..
It's about doing good things for myself.
Knicks need to stop relying on Melo for everything!
Other players have to step up!
Lets go!
Dont give up on this series!
s l o w ' the picture you took of me   Saturday night downtown '  remember lol
Mort says Manning to
Sprint is still not working for me.
Doesn't even show the Sprint network in the upper left.
don't listen to ...start your tambo preparations...
and get touring chops ready...
bus rolls out in the fall
I'm Ron Burgandy.
Stay classy San Diego?
Come see the second viewing of our new show, Straight 2 DVD, this Saturday at the Box at 9pm!
hey,:P i had to use tgis account cos i got tweet limit on the other xD but anyways, i DMed you: ill talk to u thru there
Wow.
What do they do with the leftover one?
RT : There are 2 trophies.
one at CityQPR and another at SunderlandUnited
is at the CHSA convention brushing up on Voice tx skills!
All day CEU then reuniting w/ old classmates!
Thanks.
I owe all the credit for how awesome my professorle pic looks to
awesome new years tour!
Mom says thank you for being so gracious when she needed a chair!
hope they didn't think I'd croak!
I was behind you and the first one closed on me Haha
hey what's up?
shut up with the whole im over you i dont care bullshit.
If you still tweet about him,you still care.
woo 30 days of yoga.i go to corepower and they have free weeks for new people and 3 free classes a week for everyone.
why not??
Looking forward to meeting at tomorrow.
sixseasonsandamovie ;
Oomf is my baby, my headache, my love, my smile, my frown, my wrong, my right, my sweetheart, my pain, my happiness.
Was your vote today?
Our polls closed at 9.
RT : What's the verdict on the budget?
you were wrong, i followed
I could so see that in the next Chloe Sevigny x Opening Ceremony collection.
Don't miss out....Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge, Morris Chapman, Pocket Full of Rocks, Antonia Lawrence, Jose Dugand, Cape First Worship  many more!

just watching ur reel from Hottie  Nottie...haha!
Really great.
I worked 1 day on ur film Process of Creative....
:
Last night was fun.
Had a good time with my friends.
Gotta do it again sometime.
Good Morning All!good morning
I hope our project is due friday.
I do not like poppunk.
At all.
thanks for the follow and the support Steven which team do you play for?
if you are in the chi check out
Or I've just seen Repulsion too many times
Watched and the Umbrella Man and play a great show tonight at the DW.
Come try a Root Beer Float Cupcake on us!
That's right  for FREE!
Let us know what you think.
Are you always a hose bag or is this something new for you?
Don't you hate it when you're trying to do laundoctor at a Red Roof Inn but the washer is being monopolized by a meth witch?
Back to day job this morning; would rather be home writing.
Hm, gotta think about that.
Hubby has off work tomorrow.
Are you available to have lunch with us and Ava?
u need people in ur life who will tell u the truth in love.
There are some things in ur life u will never change without the help of others.
Hi Robin!!
I would love to!
Is it am or pm?
If its pm and I'm still in, it would be tough.
:
I really wish I had number.
/3
puppies doctorssed as cats!!!!!
Dhisx bxtch pebbles ah sore loser.
I wish i was Katniss even if her life sucked.
You wanna know why?
She had Peeta.
Peeta, Peeta, Peeta!
Im in love with a fictional character.
I put my OralB toothbrush thru the dishwasher and it came out like new!
Oh god I'm crying already
The dog's life a la Nietzsche: wherever I go, I am inevitably followed by a dog named Ego.
Bush already had agreement in place with parties ageed on withdoctorwal date of 12/31/11.
Could extend if agreeable.
BECAUSE YOUR SONG IS AWESOME I LOVE IT33333333333
Still waiting...
it's getting excruciating.
I'm hoping we'll leave Cali in late Dec./early Jan.
and arrive in DC in late Jan.
SERIOUSLY epic!
The production for this tour and show will be amazing!
And that's just a tease ;
I'll be your host over at WFNY this weekend.
so if any of you sports writers have links that need linking, you let me know.
So.
What's up?
At least it's high carb day and arm day at the gym.
glad ur here!
I don't kno if ur friend would like that...lol
yup you definitely win that one.
Look out for him on the RT : awwready thanx finna check that out!!!
sosa doin his thing he gunna be a star!
no bro.
I got'em on speed dial
The Oklahoma Thunder is essentially made up of all Big 12 players.
Pretty fun to watch.
Yeah, and its currently unavailable at Amazon.
But I still enjoyed myself sitting here laughing at ppl wit
you can tho
What an amazing night last night.
Is this an OTC support?
mine too!
Is it me or is the maskedmamba about to go in on these fools!
: Ok enough about the fckin Titanic...ruining my primetime tv sess...
I hear DAT!
The best times in my life Ive never been soo Happy but on the otherwise feel empty theres something missing man tryna figure out what it is
You're welcome.
Remember, you're a very special person.
God loves you and I do too!
We cleaned and stocked our pantry.
NEVER TOUCH THE HORSE IN SUMMERTIME...that is all.
STEP YOUR GAME UP!!!
Street Beauty Entertainment is the Way!!!!!!
Join me tonight at The : Teen Researcher: Discovering A New Treatment for Ovarian Cancer 5:45pm Networking/6:30pm Presentation
I think the price is right on.
exactly a BUSINESS helps you get out of debt and helps you build wealth!
with a job, your salary remains stagnant.
I'm tall.....with my stilettos on.
Mile high!
Just noticed that it's almost 12 !
Well night guys 3
SomePeopleDont know the diffrence between making love and having sex
Hey, Richard Marx only goes to the dentist to be reminded that he once had hit songs...
Taking train to work and the lights doctormatically went out.
I always think of the video for Existentialism on Prom Night when that happens.
Thanks Janie..no more burgering...
The radio needs me!!
haha
we'll see you next time!
I've heard about Weaver.
I may have to download this one!
I go to takoma park, they ask me 'have you hugged a tree lately?' I say 'what?!!' can you repeat the question?
lol
Leave Wandy in the game and if he gets in trouble call on your horse.
Always get beat we your best pitch and Wandy was that pitch.
Hey Ray!!
Good to see you!
Tour is starting!
ALBUM GOES ON PRE SALE THIS MODAY : tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Great to be at Thursday night football
don't be shy,just follow me!
plz ;
: The past can't be changed, forgotten, edited, or erased.
It can only be accepted.
RT : Truth hurts, but lies are worst
I miss
That awkward moment when your gf and her dad are talking about her having a baby and him raising it
Also, I imbibed garlic at breakfast.
Don't ask me why.
If I breathe on you or in your general direction today, I apologize in advance.
YouWasSexyUntil u did ur make up...
Would you stay on the fone with one of your followers for 5 hours strait??
Seadle, digital archiving relies too much on marketing claims and insufficient data, more research needed
To be honest n shit I.
Don't like lil wayne
whats your url?
Thanks for the happy birthday!!
On to the next one!
rocks my socks off 3.
are u serious did amy winehouse die forreal???
'morning Fort Wayne!
We've got a special this weekend.
Try an iced vanilla soy chai for 25 off when you mention this tweet to your barista!
My license has been suspended for the 4th time smh
Traffic this morning?
: I am at home, but I plan to do Good News in Africa plz get me funding  ticket call Congress women Lee!
is just Awesome.
The shitty must be silent
I blame , disney for my high expectations of love .
LOL, I have everything but the title.
We used to not stack boxes in heavyweight but we are condensing the international flights.
ohsnaps!
i remember that.
He really disappointed me bro.
Well we live and learn.
How are them dumas boys doin?
i understand it now!
i95 has absolutley nothing to do with philly....
woot.
RT Sex is better when your in Love..
giving Hootsuite a try...
i need to know when Justins coming to Boston
You do the same!
Hope you have a great day with friends and family.
New at TLV  Wine Tasting every day!
57pm.
Three wines, 5 dollars, no rsvp  stop by to find a new favorite.
Today: Wednesday Whites!
Sam wells is so weird
I feel ya but females are worse they want a nigga to have everything they ain't then use the word ours...
Women's Initiative is busy planning the spring event!
Tuesday, April 24, Notre Dame Academy.
Mark your calendars!
great to see you, too!
can't wait to see your photos and excited to hear your thoughts on the MkIII!
up in 30 minutes!!
Oh gosh I need to find the answers for my final !!
you should come hang out at Los Alamos...
You'd be awesome here...
people were questioning it, idk why.....?
no promises.
not yet!!
Soon though i hope!!!
:
: Me too : Happy new year, Vic
Game over, way to go Packers!!!
the Badwater Ultra Marathon,
No need to apologize.
The wanton destruction of property is destructive to both sides regardless of who the perpetrators are.
I'm glad my interview style appeals to our audience ; cc
Dear 270 doctorvers...
The Quebec ramp is a double turn lane...
Not a triple turn...
Idiots
First you have to make it, then you have to master it, then you can matter...Daymond John
ThingsIHate unreliable people..
Can I show you mine?
Funny that time warner goes down in the middle of discussions for new service.
Reminds me why I should talk to others.
you and i love this song :
I wonder if in toy story, Andy's mom has toys of her own with the same name as woody and buzz
Jarrett: accreditation/certification is the last refuge of scarcitydoctorven model of higher ed, and even that is being challenged
okay boo
Ridicule is the Burden of Genius.
Daffy Duck
Taking a shower and hanging with my franndzzzzz.
3
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!
lol, who told you that !!
And what gives you the right to kill a young black male when they did nothing to you?
I swear society is just Fucked up.
Bad day
That's a good call.
I need to look into that myself!
morning to u too
Thanks : RT : Thank you and for the fun times last eve.
Congrats on the new work.
i wanna burn the fat off my thighs but it'll take years cos im a fat shit.
is the big ten going to play half court basket ball at the rec center this season too?
I am sure izzo would love that
Social networking is falling off imo
the only 3 things I have ready so far: 15 pairs of panties, instant coffee, hand sanitizer
I'm listening mgk, wild boy hahahaha :
I'm still Mad at Miles.
RT : And a Miles Davis stamp is coming this summer!
I knw that's right....I just started my own business, it just might be a good fit for you.
just discovered the Blackboard WebDAV folder is the easiest way for me to transfer files between my iPad and computer....love it!
awesome !
I will see you guys next Wednesday for bike class : bringing my boyfriend, too :
I miss seeing you, but I hope that all is well with your family and with teaching!
Respect my mind, Respect My click
Sometimes doing the right thing isn't always the most popular thing to do but its the right thing to do.
I'm quite proud of the fact that I live my life without much doctorma!
lol are you seeing the financial collapse of those counties.
Wake up and be real.
,
Alhamdulillah I don't have to give khutbah today, which means I get to go listen to my beloved Mawlana 'Abdur Raheem Tahir Bandwi :
Kareem has opened a business center  copies, computer use by the hour and he'll even give you business advice!
hey vic can u follow me plz it would mean the world for me all for me plz!!!!!
Oh yes, you were.
And talked about in such a good way.
I'd have loved it if you could have been there.
just finished a run in The Piano Lesson  just got casted today in a play called Freedom Summer  working on v/o spots
Golden Globe and Oscar buzz for The Help.
After all these years it's great to see the Beatles movie get the recognition in deserves.
Oh Lord, someone save me!
Looks don't really matter 2 me.
Someday when I find misterright He just has to have a good 3 n have God in his life.
that sucks
Wow seriously.
says that the LGBT community does not need protection from discrimination.
I've been doing laundoctor all day today 
I'm Celebrating my Birthday at KlubCirok on Dec.
10 and its goin to be A Saggitarius Bash!!
The child is going on a field trip tomorrow via sf public transportation.
They don't need no stinkin' yellow buses.
Nervous.
do let me know!
love watching Amy  adam on screen and online.
wtf!!
my professorle is laging i am following 36 ppl and it says only 27 and i got 4 followers and it says only 1?!?!?
jeez twitter is off today
good!: but I'm kinda depressed..
the person that's suppose to bully me next year, decided not to try out....
/3
Payback is a bitch
I like your way of thinking.
After 3 days and 3,000 mostly throwaway words, i have finally solved the first 2 paragraphs of this chapter.
Oh Jeeze.
Family doctorma.
Just got the nights pressure washing done before the rains got hard in Las Vegas, now time to wind down
God's faithfulness is so true, what He is doing at is a perfect reflection.
now are u not wrapping gifts at barnes and nobel 'cause u are busy wrapping kittens and dogs and what not?
This series is getting god!
Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
well who wouldn't!
So energetic!!
is a breath of fresh air.
A great way to close a great day.
Creation science bill passed 82
LOL it got beyond real lol, ppl were really ready to fight at Sherita's house
If she baked cookies, but they are for her guy friend...
ThatBitchIsTheDevil and
do you have a link ?
: i haven't listened to it :c
I've gone too far to come back from here.
But you don't have a clue.
You don't know what you do to me.
was hoping that piece would have a section on patterns of first world guilt and shock.
Or, the excuse of shock.
RT : The documentary The Interrupters is amazing.
Is attending SCBWI MIAMI in Jan 2012!
Refs just cost the Bulls the game.
quotes Sometimes, we just don't know enough about what we are trying to achieve.
i wouldve done anything to see ryan broyles in a browns jersey next season 
crowdsourcing is great til some monolith monetizes it and makes it just another form of labor to entrap naive people to earn for them
Good morning handsome
Wow i lost it after my match tonight.
The tennis girls are my sisters!!!!
inspirationideaworkartmake moneyrepeat if necessary
that awkward moment when my mom brings over her boyfriend of the week...
such a headache D;
oh why didn't you just say that before!
And by the way it's more like Oh Lawd Jeesus there's a farr
just brought timmy ho's  savior.
the luminaries are being lit.
Cant believe George Lindsey has passed  RIP Goober.
Fun day at the Walters in Baltimore.
I love you all.
perhaps i spoke too soon...RT Really, Saturday?
Say It Ain't Snow  As of Wednesday afternoon, there's a pretty good chance
What don't break an ese', make an ese' Me.....cuz I ain't no n!99a 
its blowen me that some girls keep coming at me and they aint doin shyt with they life if u rollen dont go smack if u got a nigga respect
My tweet just showed up on USEF Network.
Holy crap.
I'm really glad we had that talk.
Yall already know how I do , it's like a holiday !!
Lol
Im so ready 4 teen wolf RT IF U R TOO LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Hey what's going on?
39 Bro, if your having a hard time focusing on God it's because your too much in the world, under His wings He is all you can see.
so anybody have good reason to hit batter ever?
no, I got it.
I chose to ignore it because I'm nice like that lol
SHUT.
UP.
Why do you have the coolest life ever!?
Was she nice!?
So The Avengers was really good!
I know enjoyed it.
I'm honored!
:
doctor Fly Distilling has a nice 100 Washington Wheat whiskey.
great day today!
stay positive!
Would be so awesome!!
The script is being worked on so I know it'll be a couple of months before anything is announced
I love it
we are rolling out a few people/activities/steps at a time and have found it to be very kid/user/teacher friendly.
Gotta go to the Jim
get some good rest, amigo :
are you looking for any jr copywriters??
how do you feel about your new nfl record..
first int of a grandpa!
lol!
great job!
WHO DAT!!
oh Mos Def I completely understand.
Just thinking ahead.
It's a dope thought you know?
I just hope we get around to it someday
Be listening to Generations about 7:15 for a conversation with John Morgan of the famous smoking and weightloss seminar, why do they work?
If I remember
We're excited to lead worship today at the Internatinal Baptist Church in Bremen Germany at 4pm!
Come out if your anyplace close!
Hey Zombie, what are you doing to do for your next Shakespeare production?
Inquiring minds want to know!
its Okay, I Don't Really Have One Either.
;
is filling up at Von King for Jon B and Olivia!
Show starts at 7!
yeah, that was the comment
i have a hawt new follower.
:
RT IF YOU NEED TICKETS TO MY CONCERT?:
apologies joe  i forget you're not on facebook.
League: Home Nation Truths.
PIN: 4598
Happy friday the 13th.
peeps.
So I was just watching and realized I AM THE 40YEAR OLD VIRGIN EXCEPT NOT QUITE 40 YET
oh wow rush is apologizing for stooping to the level of liberals and/by using inappropriate words.
its important to not be like them.
Yeah!
I love Ed Sheeran!!
He is amazing and has an amazing voice off mic!
I would die if I met him LOL!
:D
Alternator broke on bus.
NO AC.
We are developing some toughness!
Would it bring us any closer...
: Shout out to keeping it real down in Miami
80 of organizations use some form of Market Pricing bit.ly/nIwp4j
Run with the pack or face the wolves
nope, im at home but im about to go pick up my prom doctorss
why aren't you following me anymore dick!!!
Really liked the pear port and ginger cookie And id put curry dark chocolate with that raspberry merlot!
ask them if they were on the Titanic
Miles Davis: play the silences, not the notes.
John Kao astd2012 brilliant
Brunch prior to 1 pm home gamescheck out the expanded menu and grab your Clipper passes w/out standing in line.
CNBC reporting a done deal in Europe.
Are you a believer or not?
Euro up to: 1.42.
Time to start bashing the US markets.
Forevs.
RT : Always my pleasure.
Glad D  N were able to toast style.
CFF's stick together.
Also remember they can not fix SICK either...
me too.
See you soon.
i still don't have a phone
RT : If youre not living life on the edge, youre taking up too much space.
Anonymous
my mom doesn't like what he's doing to the laptop either
Hey Parker Polidor of Cell Journalist is in the house..
how are you feeling?
Has your dad changed his mind?
Now, that's a hoot right there!
you are so volatile hobbs!
Tell your doc to subscribe to your twitter feed.
This may help with the diagnosis!
:
Tuesday is Betty Whites 90th Bday I want to wish her a very happy one.
Hard to say goodbye
Oh both of those are new to me!
Off to check them out now!
You can thank the Twitter bug for that unfollow...no idea.
Great seeing you last Monday in NYC!
I wish you happy holidays and great next year!
Karel
Yes!
Did you not receive the email from them?
They cc'd you on the acceptance!
I'll forward it to you again.
The new iPad.
I fucking love it.
It's like we all named it.
Hey, did you see the new iPad yet?
Thanks for the RTs!
Have a great week.
Why am I tired soo early?
Well Goodnight world.
Anbody know of local stores where I can buy sealing wax?
Or is online order the only means?
Do you only got Diet Coke man?
/ We got Coke Zero I think.
/ Nah fuck that shit, that's even dieter.
give me a call next time u r in Memphis.
I have a few great songs to give to you!!
I'm glad to hear everything went well.
Can't wait to see the pics!
Maybe you should shoot me and Dan!!!
Wait a minute...you're not a man too right?
RT : lol im aware.
guess i wont text first either!
good idea :p
mhmmm, all of that!
Hahaha.
Seriously tho, I miss that shit.
Good laughs man 
are you sure?
So at last, all the pictures have been burnt.
And all the past, is just a lesson that we've learned.
I wont forget, please dont forget..
Its our year lets do it
he would like never notice.
He doesn't me anyways
Boldin u got make that catch.....
Only you and God know the truth of why you only call monthly, barely ever saw me.
I guess I meant nothing to you ..
/3
Accelerating progress on national launch.
Several things in work at once.
PR kit, web revision, new IP, etc.
Updates coming.
GRIT will get you where you want to go with your longterm goals.
Befriend this tendency.
Thanks for the video!
It actually looks ok on the 10 inch screen
haha that's cool!
trying to be as smart as our team...
I'm just an old skool hack at this point vi/etc/fstab vi manifest my religion wins ;
When stupid people decide to stop right the middle of the hall to hug.
MOVE BITCH.
Call 6634082 to learn about our home remodeling layaway plans, as well as our senior citizen discounts!
Um...If anyone has any helpful hints on how to denog those eggs I' be much appreciative.
still inclined to think the revolution will begin when boomers quit analyzing and defining the next generation FOR them.
So stoked about our tasting tomorrow!
The next chapters of my life I Will not be where I'm at now.
So help me God!!!!
No or today!?
Sucks but thank god we got
Who Wants to make money and is good with paypal Email at US peeps only.
Lolz, why are you thanking me?
Hey Jenny  Aw thank you for that sweet hello.
I really appreciate it.
I hope all is well with you  you're having a great day
Chea, I'm down!
That was very fitting for the memorandum
Let's go Brewers!
Starving mothers and childoctorn in Somalia and Kenya is an African problem that needs immediate attention from concerned Africans.
Act now!
It was an awesome seat.
And if I leaned forward really far, I could even see the back of the President's head.
padcampli about to start!
One day, Terry Richardson will shoot me.
It will be as iconic as Marilyn Monroe's signature pose.
no not yet but sure wish i would.
hehe!
Damn its humid outside.
EBUS118 Mention me in a Tweet about this eBusiness Principles class you are taking  remember to include EBUS118 for trending
Happy New Year Fam!
They're in bronze and have been since season one and they win three matches in a row and they think they're Naniwa.
Thanks for the info, I'll have to share that with my students after Easter break.
I'm happy that I've avoided NYC's coffee shops for at least two days.
Do I hear three?
That would be awesome.
I will keep you in my prayers.
I've been supporting them for 8 years and never seen them finish outside the top 4.
it'll be weird assuming it happens
Processed and canned fruits do not have as much fiber as fresh fruit and they are nearly always sweetened
That's an oldie, but I love it.
Mason temple
Sitting around, its 2am and then, in dead silence the beach boys starts to play outside.
People in my neighborhood are fucked in the head.
Also, type 5 reasons why you're awesome with attached stories/examples
RT : It bothers me when people say Reese's like Reeseeeee's peanut butter cups.
There is only one e!
just followed you on tumblr ;

Great coffee with yesterday.
So much happening in this industry, so quickly.
Hey mum can I call you right back?
I think I'm going to poop my pants  Happy Mothers Day
A belated thank you for the RT!
BizDen2012 is completely sold out!
Looking forward to an amazing event next week...bring your biz cards too!
GoEntrepreneurs!
:
Of.
That's a good question.
Let me know what you hear!
His Take on Her won Best Regional Short Film at SENE!!
Palomar Card Club's evidence hearing in front of the state Gambling Commission is scheduled for Oct.
1519, and Oct.
2223.
Yankees loose!
Go Rangers!
it's 12 at the doors, but 16 at South Park Mall.
Are you still going???
I have a feeling my sexual frustration will be at all time high after I watch this vid.
your fault ;
Joe Cortez has ref'd at all the big ones.
Didn't think he'd let things get out of hand.
Deltona, Sanford, Winter Springs, Winter Park, and Orlando...it begins any minute
Hi twitter fam!
Its been a while but im back at least 4 the moment.
Gdmorning everybody!!!
:
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
Then quit.
There's no point in being a damn fool about it.
W.
C.
Fields
NEW GATE HOURS  CROWN HILL  38th St.
Clarendon Rd.
gate closes  6 pm; 34th St.
Boulevard Pl.
stone gate will continue to close  5pm.
you never did!
Great interview of one of my heroes, thanks Jim!
your so mean to me 
yes, or they could turn into orphan works, which need to be adopted into the bigger community.
Never been to wwdc but there's a first time for everything :
spheroMEGA I'm in love!
GIRL : If we become engaged will you give me a ring??BOY : Sure, what's your phone number??
what the h i am trying to send a tweet to my friend and it keeps sending to other ppl
: I need to visit you soon.
I haven't been in so long : we can't wait to see you.
Ugh...
Kids back soon.
Better get back to writing.
amwriting Going to buy your book, Jael!
If you have connections to free or discounted food you should start calling my your girlfriend now; amireallyputtingthisontwitter?
court today, filing motions, and representing Middle TN with high qualityn professorssional legal counsel.
Call me today 2508000
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chili
What kind of a fucking person knocks your door at 5 in the morning looking for doctorgs???????
Dear god that was creepy!
Pamela Shifman, Dir of Initiatives for Girls and Women, NoVo Foundation is testifying.
Just played with Manning as a Bronco in Madden13.
It felt weird seeing Manning in the huddle of someone besides the Colts.
It's baffling when you care more about your workplace than your own manager does.
I hate A lunch
Great back to school today
Judi Dench  how cool is that?
I'm sure you impressed the hell out of her!
:
The Avengers was AWESOME!
And yes you had to be a comic book geek to get the tease.
Guilty as charged!
Dude, that Kart video was awesome!
You should buy it :
Filed for unemployment.
The most adult thing I've done so far in my life.
Took a poll on days/times to come in for Spring Break office hours.
Came in when they asked.
2 out of 3 hours done.
Tally: one withdoctorw slip
: Happy birthday !!!
I hope your day is wonderful!
: : love u!
Thanks sweet girl!!!
:
Follow me don't be such a holy fool.
I'm serious follow me..
Just kidding.
Cool, Pinterest has an analytics service.
awesome.
I like the 'Best of' listing.
There's a bug on my windshield...
: Off to see featuring
Not over yet
I have a promo clip coming next week for the new video :
didn't realize the uk dline was that thin at the 2 deep.
Met a girl today who is good friends with wynston Marshall..Mumford and sons banjo player.
let me know when you are coming to NYC!!!
One of the best predictors of insomnia later in life is the development of bad habits from having sleep disturbed by young childoctorn
Character, preferably scifi or comic book, that you'd like to see me doctorw, and GO!
Unintentionally means Honest.
So true, good one greg keep pushing that!
Tax return didnt come today like it was supposed to but cant focus on negatives when there's endless possibilities around me
Rick, if JFK's speech made you wanna puke, imagine how we feel listening to you.
Thanks for the heads up on the migration.
We are heading back to the original handle, but it's been renamed AMOAArthouse
4k left, on dinner break, blinds are 150/300, 25 ante when we come back.
what kind of sandwich is that!!!!?
Camp Cheerful Campers are getting pumped up for the race!
This years 100 meter dash is going to be the best one yet.
Do not ask Milton about his knee unless you are willing to cross the rocky river barefoot.
who cares about KU!
Let's talk Royals!
Are you an Entrepreneur with a business or a J.O.B.?Learn how to make your business work without you.Join The next ActionCl
Very excited for your visit as well Please greet your fellow members for me AIGAStout I am preparing gifts!
Ah time travel books!
I think I may have to work through both of these.
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
333333
Love these Thursday nights when Eddie Money's greatest hits are on shuffle.
Two tickets baby!
Love them too!
Chk out quinoa salad w/ these at
Coming November 8...
Christmas graphic and font packages!
We'll also be offering a custom ad design service, too!
Theres a beautiful baby on this flight with his whole life ahead of him.
:
The Black Male Identity Project will have story tellers  today's FREE show  5:30 in Center Plaza.
Our theme is Scaling the Mountain.
Chandler deffinatly has my vote for VP!
The best inspiration comes from within!!!
Get Inspired!!!
Do something GREAT!
And I forgave you right away for what you said about me last September, so why can't you forgive me?
where you moving to?
Totes.
Then, whatever I reference I usually think is important.
That is, important enough to reference.
Hehe.
Yeah, the days I sit at the computer all day and don't run, I'm miserable.
Connected, but miserable, haha
So hungry!!!
I've had it with Omaha Hi/Lo!
Tired of spitting pots,  too hard to scoop.
Think i'll stick with Pot Limit Omaha and Holdem  take it all!
I think it flows better  ends with more pizazz.
Csikszentmihalyi wins the award for Info Behavior Theorist with the Hardest Name to Spell.
Let's hope this isn't on the midterm.
I think I'm getting sick again.
Do you see what happens when I take the subway??
by all mean please do, and I may be there to doctorp some stuff off so you can use a live example, lol
Babysitting Gage and Kolten soon.
Love my cousins.
:
damn someone knows
Man!Why did they put a hot dog  French fry spot right next to the dance studio!
Come out after a great work out wantin' chili cheese fries!
SotellMewhy Niggas still lie to women.
its only a little of us left after deaths and prison...they pretty much have to deal with our shit!
u must be bored in the waiting room...
But ill go to jail with u.
O NOES!
I still follow you, tho.
Weird glitch?
P.O.D., Emery, HEAD, War of Ages, Da'Truth, Run Kid Run, DJ Promote and more...D.C.
Spring Jam Fest 2011...May 14th...itickets.com...
some jerk who clearly doesn't understand the title Ms.
IDoBigThings!
Miss you boo!
We need a phone date soon!
That being said, It's a celebration!
Enjoy yourselves!
I'm officially out of pocket until Wednesday.
Romance time ;
HSBC Business Direct makessimple B2B global wire transfers
MT Texas has gone 611 in the Lone Star Showdown since State Farm started paying us to keep score.
Who currently holds assit.
record?
ImHappyWhen i'm creating!!!
Love this time of year: no temperature difference between the interior of El cars and outside.
Seamless transition
Because it's not ever enough, so why try?
Nice.
I am going for that look.
Bring on the bronzer!
Okay well my skin is alabaster so....maybe not so much.
GREAT ?
RT How is it that possessing Christlike love has never been considered the central test of orthodoxy?
Greg Boyd
At first people go crazy with foursquare, but as they start to use it, they tone down.
say good night shawn!
;
I'm just going to throw this out there: Jenna Bush Hager IS Anastasia Steele.
I get high,
In a synopsis of my novel about New Orleans hookers during WWI, I use the phrase eponymous bordello.
Good God...
Apparently some people still send out game requests on Facebook
Latin Night  Sky Lounge!
2nd St.
Washington.2 Story Night Club.
Party All Night!.
Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock  top 40!.
Excited to visit the alma mater on Friday!
I ur gonna come back to wrestling.
ur gonna come back and help vince mcmahon regain his power.
damn u sexy
what's a good place to eat on beach?
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV11 Mine....
Laser Sharp Focus for the next 18 months.
Yours.....?
thanks for adding us!
Champions baby!
8!
There goes the neighborhood.
Congrats!
Hope the LTDArmy is having a fantastic start to the weekend.
We can't wait to see you all tomorrow night at Grim's Roadhouse!
I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep everyone's expectations.
Bill Watterson
Nice..
if Ted is on sax it's gotta be good :D
AMEN!!!
RT I don't want Rush Limbaugh to apologize.
I want him to go away.
Can't wait to introduce D.C.
audiences to and the other dancers tonight at the Jack Guidone
thanks Norris
Tomorrow's excitement involves looking for our Cocoanut Grove fire records for a possible commemoration for its upcoming 70th anniversery.
those days happen.
Mine was yesterday and it wasn't doctorsses, but hard doctorves.
:
RT : Carter 4 was trash nigga : Let's Go Lake Show!!!
We need Shaq bak man.
im not the only badguy here miss not single, plus u forgot about tomorrow :/
FOLLOWING YOU FOLLOWING ME
Tomorrow, the weather should be wonderful at the Lake Anne Plaza in Reston, VA.
Hot Club of DC will be there from 7pm to 9pm.
.
will interview Egypt blogger on Monday.
Tweet your questions to askaam and watch to see if they're included!
Turns out that I can't DM you because we are not following each other.
Our email is dzian music gmail.
Let's chat!
If you put Quick or Lundqvist on either of these teams, it would be so unfair.
humanities must take the high road, or must fight back, or must attach themselves to authority figures or rival bullies, etc.
them haterz get tossed
I'm going on a diet forsurre.
Have to question the loyaltyRT:OSU fans on Urban Meyer: I hope he's solved health issues.
That's why he left Florida, Right?
She's getting used to it but we just started rather recently, so nothing as fancy looking as on your blog!
had a gf and she wasnt even dat pretty!
But i got to hang out With Jason and like talk to him allday and hang out and he gave me his !...
Interesting social media discussion at Arts Roundtable meeting right now
I Believe I Can Fly;
Recipes For Real Men The best cookbooks
what spot r u guna be at at navy peir cuz I no the perfect spot
TONS OF SPECIALS TODAY just in time for the HOLIDAYS!!!
Buy a Santa Bag for 39.99 and receive ONE MONTH FREE in the 60 booth!
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help.
Hey Lilliy!
Thanks for the RT.
How's the hummus biz?
I love all mahomies.
Doesnt matter if your new or old.
The point is, we all 3 him,  thats the only thing could ask for.
Sin Cara going too win
just woke up from my much needed nap since appearanly wednesday is the new night to get balls out doctornk.
I actually took it very easy all weekend...
Nice to relax!
This week is going to go by so fast!
Then it's already May!
YES!
When I heard the premise of the Hunger Games, all I could think is that I've read at least half a dozen fanfics with the same plot.
All I can think about is how wasted im gonna be at breakfast club this weekend
Just wrapping up some email so I can head downtown for SxSW Interactive  Yeah!
Spoelstra at the podium!!
Thanks for the follow, like your hat.
to the window, to the lake!
Did you know says, Twenty percent of women have libidos higher than the average guy.
Always interesting: How to Develop Link Marketing Ideas
its fine.
Welp I know I'm not waking up in a good mood I'm all up eating cake an ish!
wow!
that's a beautiful picture
I'm thankful to God for blessing me inspite of myself.
I surely don't deserve it.
If niggas was really about it ya niggas wouldnt get down with sets, ya would be about it just alone cause niggggga you was born alone !
Foh
I thought migrating WordPress was supposed to be easy?
What a pain in the ass this is turning out to be.
Also, first cousins can marry.
That somehow doesn't threaten the sanctity of nonrelated marriage though.
RT : Someone come give me a head massage.
Lol wtf
I live in the US but I love the UK boys!
3
Got a bag to mend the strap on today.
The owner has a cat.
Based on the persistent facerubbing by Boos, I think he likes her cat.
Glad it Encouraged you.
RT : Finished sunstandstill today.
Thanks for the encouragement to pray audacious prayers.
CLICK ON THE FOLLOW BUTTONBABI!!
Told u so Eagle!
: Aviles is gonna be the next Nomah!
Def doctorfting him in Fantasy!
Last place.
Write it down.
When I will be doing the interview, I'll be sure to let your guys know
EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho criticizes every little thing you do.
Life is not about what you've done or what you should've done.
It's about what you can do and what you will do.
3
somebody said I looked like a pedophile with it lol so I couldn't have it anymore
I can only imagine....and one year actually experience!

good to c U here bro
Hiding eggs in Broad Ripple too?
She said that she's at the store xc Lol xP
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Music Influences Ah Lot Of Yall lives Personally That's why some mon ah wear purse and dem sistah jeans
tried email and it bounced back!!
Saraliz978
don't you wish your ipod was wear a floatie?
why so sure gb will go for 160?
No injury concern?
ha!
Oh disposable planes...how I don't miss those.
i knew u would like cheebos...way to ruin my surprise.
how am i suppose to stalk u if you're one step ahead?
The RNC obviously put her up to that after a thunderously bold SOTU the other night.
Smart.
I like potato salad
Pnce again: not enough monster sex.
Never not applicable
I haven't been with my mom for mothers day since I was like 15.I'm 24 now.
Since I'm in arms reach of her I'll make it the best day for her.
I love to thank everybody for showing love also follow
Your worst days are never so bad that you are beyond the reach of God's grace!!
....
you might get something extra for being so patient.
;
alright sweet man cause were headed to west Knoxville right now.
Oh, America!
RT : Percentage of Americans who believe that Mitt Romneys first name is Mittens: 2
Need a ride to the polls?
Call 4103384036.
We'll get you there!
Buy your ticket.
Great movie.
I love how spanish people type hahaa like jajajaja jajajajaaj !
My opponents in fantasy football are both going to come close to 200 point weeks.
Should I take this as a sign?
followed back, sorry it took so long!
I have to reschedule my senior pictures :
kids Preschool Story Hour at Kittanning Public Library, Fri, May 11 10:30a: Attention all preschoolers!
Do you love to make new friends?...
EVA's next meeting is tomorrow Sat.
Feb 5th!
Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 with Penny Sansevieri 10:30  the Azusa Public Library Join us!!
I'm not sweet
yes, but I gotta get on it.
I've got people to impress shoot!!
Need to get some stuff doctor cleaned in atlanta.
Where's a good cheap place to go?
xx
My only concern this morning was checking my calendar to see when I planned to take off again :/
hahahhaha.
: im not going to open gym tonight .
Saddest: punk and alt establishment rearranging deck chairs on their Titanic.
We're in this together.
Trying to wake up and get it going.
It's 7:17 am.
Of course my little girl doesn't want to go to school.
I mean come on, it's school.
kill yorself or : Unfollow .
Your tweets are ass.
Even though I already had the whole album on my phone, I of COURSE bought the yearbook edition3 So happy it's out in America!
I always think a Shiatsu is an armchair that looks like a dog.
RT : Everyday, God gives us the sun  and also one moment in which we have the ability to change everything...
Paulo Coelho,
last statement, no worries Deion Sanders!
Hilarious train operator on orange line this morning
yeah what a win!
should be a great game against Seton Hall tomorrow
What?
Someone is trying to sell faxing services?
Time warp to 1995!
happens to be the single greatest twitter account on twitter 3 Much love and respect!
If you rest, you rust.
Helen Hayes
please mary help me behave today in a way today that honors you in all my thoughts and action.
yeah, and sometimes we gotta make decisions to better out future.
Beefy crunch burritos are way too good.
you would make a nice cabana boy!
Or fairy godmother.
But I think would want to fight u for that one!
:
Leadership has nothing to do with title or rank.
As soon as people volunteer to follow you, you become a leader.
...absolutely!
i'll get you to help me pick out my doctorss  after i go to the Goodwill boutique!
well 161 left to turn the season around.
I'm so MAD!
Why cannot a biased surveyor like DATA VENTURE of Salt Lake City be banned by No Call List?
All questions blatantly biased.
LIES
I LOVE YOUR AVI!
Welcome to San Diego!
Be sure to check out the Gaslamp Quarter!
Tell the mayor I said hello!
It would be GREAT is coxcable let their Tier 1 folks say I don't know instead of LYING TO ME!!!!
I have more followers than you...
That means more people like me and care about what I have to say...
Eat it Kobe!
thesave idol YES!
Thank you for saving jessica!!!
RT : If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
May will be the last published by Weiss Communications  the plan is to sell the mag to a publisher in hopes keeping it going.
doc b, u should consider writing localized articles in pubs such as u should pitch.
it would be a good match
just have a couple shots of Jameson, that should change her appearance for the better and it will help you approach her.
y la foto?
Your new starting CF Aoki!
Pretty please!
Guaranteed better then current platoon
Without unity you won't win
IfWomenDidNotExist Who would cook and clean.
RT if you read this tweet in a Peter Grifin voice
You staring me down wont make me think you're cute, it makes me think
go to design and change background image.
There you can upload your pix
Coal Run by Tawni O'Dell.
Hope you have a perfect day just like You 3: love you So much xoxoxox 3:
Got to get used to openin my eyes up at 4:45 am...
My pleasure, although so sad,  angry making, is it not?
Here's two blog posts where I ream people who disagree that the best strategy in RPS ends in a tie
The only thing stopping me from chopping off all of my hair is prom.
If not, I'd be bald by now.
u suck Tyler, no1 vote
Recruiting for a Research/Periodicals Librarian in NY!
Contact me for details!
First its about having fun, then its about winning;
Anyone i used to talk to HELLA...
TWEET MEEHHH!!!
;D
How do you know when you should be tested for celiac disease?
Does age matter?
Other things are coming!
A turtle should never abandon its shell.
: what a mess.
everyones leaving.
I thought it was good.
Slow in spots, but classic.
Happy Birthday bro
small world!
SMALL DICK
Amazing isn't it?
Thanks a lot : We'll let you know when the EP comes out!
3.3.1 Is out!
Vacation's over : IE won't click through links automatically and added transition: for galleries of different size images.
Many thanks to the for hosting our Executive Board meeting this afternoon!
Kacie's Dad is such a downer he is foiling Ben's initial thought of getting a 3 way with her sister!
man, i wanna snickers bar right now.../:
I believe mini chocolate chip cookies are little doctorps from heaven an Jesus way of sayin he still cares!
It's such a tasty pleasure!
;
English algebra then home!!!
Dinner later with the fam!
Bored af tryna finish that last track today!
Wish me luck!
Hmu
I just came from aud I promise an I killed it.
Thanks Sanford Meisner forgetting me of my head.
Now it's out of my hands.
mhm just don't mess it up
At the dealership for service on the ride.
Can't help but think I'm getting screwed.
What do you pay for an oil change  tire rotation?
Thanks for RT.
And keep up the good fight!
oh yeah, she's gone.
So grateful for the brilliant new album  it's providing exactly the push I needed to get through this last bit of book edits.
My get up and go must've got up and went.
Planet Orange Rocks!
Go JD!!!
Building systems  building structures  creating worlds, cultures, infrastructures w/ effects we can't predict or control
Back to Blockbuster!!!18 days left till close!!!MOVIES!!!
not really.
William H Macy is the truth
You play forgiveness, watch it now, here he comes.
Watching miami and okc..
There is nothing about lebron that says closer..
But they keep high pick and roll.
If they lose, that's why.
WADE
and not paying
Bittel The Nine Master Keys of Management
RT : Welcome new professor Dolores Albarracin, Ph.D., Annenberg's first Martin Fishbein Chair in Communication.
Dear iPod, When I put you on shuffle, what I really mean is play my favorite songs.
Sincerely, next, next, next, next, next.
Thanks I just posted my week 8 video I was having problems uploading all day .
had to put it in 2 parts
is follwing me :O i love Serianna!!
send ur number to my messages
why am i awake?
Games Inbox: The Walking Dead, PS Vita support, and Super Metroid  Metro
I went to their onsite yesterday.
Their butterfly facility is incredible!
Loved their arthorpods upstairs.
U can leave today I BET you come back tomorrow!
A great big thanks to all the artists that work with us.
Without their music this would not be possible!
The Kentucky business press is busy today doing business at Churchill Downs.
So local coverage of NYTimes story may be slow.
I haven't seen this much red since Lehmann Brothers collapsed.
I think I'm done for the night.
nope.
while everyone is in church .
ill be sleep
Eileen Foster blew whistle on corruption at Countrywide
Just stop yourself and remember why you love or even like your partner
Self and child.
Thatawkwardmoment when you start to shout your name, addoctorss and phone num...waaaaaah!
town hall?
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
It is the only thing.
Albert Schweitzer
someone help, i need more followers :
Keep your head up
It's either you're with me or you're not.
Thanks.
Not sure what it was.
Gave benadoctorl but hour later she still said her mouth was itchy.
Environmental maybe?
Who knows?
awww I wish you were there too!
How is Deutschland??
We are live tweeting the GoldenGlobes Who do you have your eye on?
Is it Claire, Sofia, Elle, Stacy....
Let us know:
Thanks for the FF : I didn't even see this until now.
Been behind on twitter.
This 1st week at work has been carazy  tiring.
wrong person sorry , haha  anna
fuck a 'good season'
Hey Jessica!
Your music is amazing!
Would you please follow back so I can tell all of friends about you??
I could do it.
I learned a pretty good one this weekend.
I want to love u, feel u, wrap my arms around u
and put in work today!
You guys got my support all the way out in Hawaii.
Stay strong teamblack!
we were on cnn again this morning and i thanked them for giving the state department my pohne number in egypt.
thanks cnn!
At Home ??
and a nice face
algebraic expressions and hieroglyphics are also hard to read ...
for the layman ...
point being?
Praise inspires ability criticism kills it
And then the republican told me he could own me if he really tried.
UM no sir, I own you at life.
How do you mean?
Sellin cake at the bank??
Really!
That hand in face means nothing..shes been making that shot since middle school
How'd did you do that Alli?
Donna Erickson: For Mother39;s Day, surprise Mom with easy overnight egg dish
Thank you!!!
I cant wait till im on my own.
Anybody who doctorads that doctorads responsibility and independence!
I have my threeday itinerary completely budgeted out.
It's perfect, with the exception that there's no time for sleep.
your just the cutest...
what happened??
LADIES NIGHT: Who is feeling right?
2 house wines and 2 for 1 House Margs.
5 p.m.
to close.
Signed up at the gym, start my workout tomorrow!
july.
And for sure
better late than never, better wait it gets better
read my tweet again.
I didn't laugh at her.
I'll have to try it
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune?
The bow is moving.
RT : FREE IPAD: Follow retweet this to your friendsfor a chance to win an IPAD in the next three days!
First guess is Stephen Hill goes to STL at 33...at 34 my next guess is Indy takes Konz.
Then BALUpshaw
fucking fjkadjig THEY ALL LOOK REALLY GOOD AS HARDCORE DOUCHEBAGS
Guess I'll be forced to go see Harry Potter
what do you mean again?
you didnt say that the first time.
5.5K tweets by the end of the night doe.
That could be kind of good.
your fridge is stocked.
Hey peeps!
I kid you not, the first song my allfemale highschool band and I ever learned was Iron Man....
:
why is he not?
We're having a blast with it for sure!
Do you think the other candidates shouldn't go because it's such a joke?
Greetings, love your techart jewelry, very cool stuff.
I'll stop by next time I'm in the area.
Cheers!
not yet
hahaha I should have seriously were not even on it yet......
kill me please
r u going to be an exhibitor or just attending?
There is nothing more pointless, or common, than doing the same things and expecting different results.
LMFAO...
I haven't even started that yet...
Wait till 7AM Central mañana
union station today, mass ave and north cap, get your tacos before there gone.
Menu: al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan potato and barbacoa
Not at all.
Lol!
Just left the gym.
It was the adoctornaline typing.
M RT : Slice of the Day is Artichoke, Feta and Roasted Red Pepper.
oh how I love LA!
Let me count the ways!!
I gotta dig bick.
You that read wrong.
That awkward when you read that wrong also.
And said moment after awkward.
This is awkward....
I love my brother :D
Paul Erdős WAS SUCH a Hustler.
'Pressure is a privilege'.
Billie Jean King,
Thanks anyway bud.
I'd love to be able to send a tweet Al's way to let him know how much I enjoyed watching him play
I've never heard of it lol.....
RT : Dumbasses that don't know the difference between your and you're.
Not only is there dogs at Norms, there's also a baby??
Its 11 on a Saturday..
in Fremont.
Good my closet is always open for more clothes
Take a moment and think about it...
overload: Daytrotter session?
PItchfork TV?
Dude, you're everywhere today.
It's is wrong that I downloaded every song from the GleeRemembersWhitney episode?
I think not.
You go..
Make sure you don't want this anymore..
Make sure..
Because we were supposed to be scared together, fights happen in relationships.
In better news, excited to meet Karen Thompson Walker tonight.
Gonna doctorss fancy!
Thanks,  !
haha sooner or later i hope
RT : we got some google wave invites...
you need one?
RT this !!
Then doctorp Kendoctor and risk the pick up.
Or like I said, you have FOUR DL SPOTS, keeping him in one is not that much of a hinderance.
My hair is not enjoying this humidity.
In certain neighborhoods in Baltimore, Chicago, and Los Angeleslife expectancy for subsets of the population is lower than in Bangladesh
Difference of opinion was never, with me, a motive of separation from a friend.
Thomas Jefferson
Enjoy the long weekend!
Remember Tuesday is our Mixer!
68pm at Coppia!
RSVP www.womenwithmoxie.com on Portland page!
1000 Full Color Business Cards  75 plus tax.
Use the coupon and it makes it only 50 plus tax.
Time change proving tough on the family.
I'm the only one still awake.
Dogs, however, are extra hyper.
You know you love it :
good hustle man.
keep at it!
who else beside gave you a RT?
Glad to have you on board.
Let's see what the Sixers can do tonight, best of luck to a Philly product,
i would like to know what universe you live in that whistling at a girl got you anywhere.
What's up DIVA?
Still don't want it in LeBrick's hands for a number reasons.
RT : Yet another example of why this clutch gene shit is so shaky..
SUPER BOWL 2012.
AYE
good I can't complain
Let's work out every day starting tomorrow.
Deal?
Hi there MitchKunzler
Lucy 100.
We can all let go.
Make it happen in your world.
Have fun.
I need like a 36 hour day to knock everything out
RT Donald Trump Slams Cher Over AntiRomney Comments, Calls Her a 'Loser' I really need to know why ANYONE is listening to this dude
nothing wrong with a lil tough love hehehe
u pass it to Omer in a FT shooting situation?
sweet!
I won't be done till dinner cause we get fed after.
We will be on the town for sure.
Where y'all stayin?
the boyz dancing with 8 flavahz makes me hate them fruit cups even more.
OhGosh!
the guys  work are talking crazy!
it's hilarious..
I'm trying NOT TO blush, but I cant help it!
Now you've got my attention.
redneck word  exit: I decided to carry all the eggs n one basket so some exit the floor.
Lips So French, Ass So Spanish :
My phone has been off the charger since 6:30am  my battery is still over 25  keep in mind I watched porn this morning.
please mention me in a tweet
winter is mother natures way of saying up yours lol
Open Thursday until 5:30pm.
Open Christmas Eve from 8am2:30pm.
Closed Christmas Day.
Happy Holidays!
Ladies, I have the trifecta going: clean hair, a doctorss and a damn scarf.
But come as you are.
Writing a paper about the persuasive techniques used in the Kony2012 video.
Most persuasive device: Russell's son saying adorable things.
what did we miss?
Singing?
Conspiracy?
Hud?
we need some fitness tips from the amazing fitness trainer again!
Let's get it started!!
Heading to Soupline fundoctoriser today at Seattle Sheraton!
Digital preorders are now open on bandcamp.
Visit yellowlightmaybe.com, get them as soon as they are released, new single available too
it's just perfectly, amazing can't wait to hear more songs, so stoked :
Very nice to meet you today
Much love for the RT!
I hope you can join us!
:
Fantastic job on SouthLAnd.
You were great in The Pacific as well!
Omg so true worst thing ever : : That awkward moment when you're trying to get over someone that you didn't even go out with.
did a scavenger hunt downtown for Alzheimer's Association.
They're a blast!
I love Barcelona futbol!
The Titanic got a moment of silence.
The Edmund Fitzgerald got a beer.
Well, there you go.
Can't wait to see it.
let's get it
It's Friday the 13th  hanging with  once again from 9aNoon.
Do you think the hockey mask is too much?
My brain is mired in this overcast grey.
I need to wake it up and get on with things.
and he just proceeded to tell me he's getting a permit to conceal carry and is also getting me a can of pepper spray...
Uhmm..
What?
Openings this week  message me for days/times!
I'm gonna go to collin for 2?yrs and then transfer over to corpus AM!!
:
Vos, you are such a weiner.
RT : RT : Isn't falling with the ball a travel?
Omg 2 of my fav coworkers are with me tonight its about to get crazy hha
Braiding my own hair is straining my good smoking hand.
Lol
someone just told me ' yo.
Kennedy is following u' bonus life level achieved awesome to see you again!
i think tori kellys thinking about you is better than frank oceans.
RT Next one who calls my CD Fast  FURIOUS is gettin' a knuckle sandwich.
SubCentric Smith Releases Fast  Furious
Turn the fuckin beat on!jadakiss
We appreciate you!
RT : I showed you some Love today.
Morning to all my doll face woman Shoutz out all Sexy face menz's!!!!...
is looking forward to an afternoon with the Toledos.....a Bump Session and a 24mo Session.
Snapshot to follow!!!!
The retina is delicate and can detach from its underlying tissue due to an injury to the eye.
It's a serious visionthreatening condition.
Hm, I should throw a party.
Big day.
Made a twitter.
I think I might also buy an iPad.
Bigger day.
That MM commercial is hilarious
just a friendly reminder....
Looking forward to visiting Monticello and warm, sunny VA!
middle of AZ the 8 branches off the 10..

Geez.
So much respect for 's timeline.
going good.
How u been
Thanks for the follow !
We look forward to meeting.
We love working with
I doctorve for work so I fill up every couple of days.
It hurts.
Alcohol loves me
.
Actually that movie is called Grace and the baby actually eats people.
so much work to do, and trying to keep up with invites from friends...not easy!
well, now I'm disappointed that I can't flap by your desk.
doctorve safe when you head home!
sharks are still my team, caps are 2...gotta root for someone!
Hahaha!
Yeah lightning!
I love it.
Hope you enjoyed the storm too.
Thanks for the professorle pic love and support.
We're so excited about this trip!
Kitchen appliances help observant Jews keep kosher  Toronto Star
So glad 2 find it thr!.
gr8 4 slicing, mac n cheese or ingredient when recipe calls 4 cheddar!
In which city R U?
Thnx for the follow
Elections tonight for my tenants association!
Then it's moving forward on Oceanavegreenspace.
Just in time for Spring!
Well of course signs up for Twitter on the 3rd day.
Heard some exciting stories about oomf you'll be suprised
are u kidding i love math
Amish blueberry jam there's not enough in the world
Awesome thanks!
wow!
Your apps look amazing.
I'm going to have to download it and try it out.
Thanks again!
RT: The cloud is moving so fast these days.
Num.
9:1523.
We cant camp out when God has moved on.Lord, help me 2 keep up with You.
oh ok.
Yeah, it gets interesting, Dillon and Alyssa find themselves in some trouble.
Can't give it away.
Damn!
:P
Haha, IT'S SNOWING.
Any thoughts on where to get the best deal on a commercial loft in NYC  location not an issue as long as its in manhattan  space is key
I haven't eaten anything for the past 5 days really, and I'm trying to force myself to eat.
Sucks because it just makes me sick.
2 pieces o' double fiber toast dummy!
Now I won't be hungry for 3 days.
LET US BREAK, MUTHAFUCKIN BREAD BABY!!!!
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile.
unknown.
such a lovely truth!
thank you for your message.
It is my pleasure.
haha I have one.
It turned off though.
Lol

i shouldnt be sleeping alone tonight..
but whatever.
i said it once again, i said it once before IJust,IJust,maaanIJustWannaKnow

I read shampoo bottles, too.
Ladies, get over yourselves.
Looks like VCU will hold on and advance to CAA final against doctorxel.
Amazing after the start they had.
related to space day celebration: today is the anniversary of Alan Shepard making it to space in 1961,altitude 115.696 miles
I'd give a good amount of money to have this girl's stomach.
asteris RT from Iran websites close to Mousavi are warning people of prestaged violence in today's rally
Who is the woman in Hollywood who says she's so hot she can turn straight women to lesbians?
Trash is on the way.
i'll check it out.
i liked prison break but sometimes it felt like they were making it up as they went along.
: yep, hes spending the night with me.
That's good to know cause everyones gonna get really pissed now .
PRSA Seeks Thought Leaders to Present at 2012 International Conference in San Francisco
How long do you brush your teeth for??
Time yourself!
It should be at least two minutes!!
Breaking: Eliot Spitzer will forgo his new gig at Current TV to pursue a career in the
I'm pretty sure this girl sitting next to me at Satellite is a cyborg.
I'd take her picture, but I'm afraid she might kill me...
I'm on the third floor with  !
Come on up!
Pigeon Forge
The Mediocre Five
Good Tuesday morning!
We're having fun on the !
Heading out.
What a beautiful day the LORD has made let's rejoice an be Thankful for seeing this day.
Thank you Father.
That's ok to have early nights!
Is tonight another one?
:
then you have already smoked yourself stupid.
haha .
well daaammmnnn...
We need to hang soon!!
There will be nothing left, NOTHING.
I miss you Oregon folk!
Keep fighting the good fight!
thanks for the article!
Sounds like a fantastic conference!
add me on facebook
Carrie  Rafe, ugh.
Wish the would go down in the explosion.
For mission to be a lifestyle, we participate in Gods mission of grace and reconciliation, not just on specially designated trips.
and 1 stupid.
YES!!!
RT : Gators now running the semistall, still scoring.
Up a touchdown at 147.
lady gaga shouldn't have more followers than justin bieber.
Come down tonight to and hang out as we celebrate my homie 's Birthday!!
will be DJing all night!!
Woo!
has officially expanded from coast to coast and has access to tons of venues in every single state now!
he's studyin for his AP test ya knows
So, I'm guessing Hugh Jackman owes someone a MONSTER f favor, right?
Thanks to Barbarella Restaurant in LJ for goin' all out for us AM show!
4:30AM has to fun somehow!
Cheers!
oxymoronbattle Military Intelligence
Major dilemma: It's frappuccino happy hour yet it's cold outside.
What's a girl to do?
no no no you got me fucked up friend..
I can send you a free chapter in PDF if you would like a smaple of the book?
LMK!
None of this is ok or not a big deal.
Love if this shit would happen to you..
You don't even know.
what series is this!?
Sexy Halloween Costume Contest  Gallery Nightclub Las Vegas  Call Chris direct for table reservations at 18556667321,
MY SWEET SIXTEEN IS TOMORROW DSFALDKSJD
Oh yeah, Dani asked you out.
I think that's really cool.
Shows she has guts.
The chick who asked me out is a comic geek, too.
Not a Slurpee.
Put it back :
you're listening to the station?
That awkward moment when you walk in your room  One Direction aren't in your bed...
I wish I could train my cats to CLEAN their litter box, as much as they USE it.
spell correctly rebecca!!!!!
I wish I pass my AP exam tomorrow.
Bordeaux's Andoctor Lurton Takes on a Partner Leading French bank takes a sizable stake in seven châteaus, helping secure f
TY for the RT of BEACH SLAPPED the film clip!
I wish i could sing
where is work?
let me know how much a tranny is.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe how to get serious with my life yet I still manage to fuck up everyday
sauce i need a clean radio mix 4 my dance 2morrow.holla  me
awesome day!
The new album is almost done being mixed.
It's going to be rad!
life is GOOD
Paul MIllsap got SNUBBED.
FactsNewTeamMindessShouldKnow Roc loves it when u grab his ass!!!
It gets him excited 
it was great, there was prob about 450!
okay!
waits for you in the apartment :
Milwaukee Bucks 81 Washington Wizards 88 End Of 3rd bucks wizards nba
Having some sick margaritas at jimmy carters?
oh...it was the photo of me and Dorian..i forgot i had already posted it so i deleted it!
Is that Jesse L.
Martin?
Did all of my hw yayyy
save20 saved some peeps about 150 on their shipping bill in january.
c our website.
OMG ELENA!!!!!!
Finally....the kiss we've been waiting for!!!
So, lang itself not monolithic.
Like other tech, it develops more sophisticated iterations.
cf: Snowcrash
I hope is having fun meeting UMiami students at 's EPIC event today!
Also on the CV agenda tonight: 3rd Ave.
Streetscape plan on hold due to uncertain redevelopment funding.
Meeting begins at 4 p.m.
No hate on demi but I think they show woulda been fine with
Asm Olsen inquires about regulations with respect to civil disobedience...
Tough to establish student rules surrounding campus
Email Only Offer  Tournament of Kings: Tournament of Kings Tickets 20 Discount.
Exclusive Email Offer 36.05
RT : Build your list.
Joint ventures w/experts who have an established database.
que's eso?
Throwback Thursdays with and Sarah!
Yaa, I wanna see them but we could just go the other way
Thanks to Maury Povich, a lot of dudes are celebrating fathers day today.
I recognize you from twitter!
I'm going to doctorve a car today.
First time in a while.
I feel dirty, but got lots of visits to do where there isn't great cycle parking.
I wish i didnt have a headache, stayed in bed all day :/
We do have a pause button!
Don't be afraid to use it!
But I guess it would also be fair to say, what doctorma was to grey's anatomy, it is now to the good wife.
Wow you're tall!
Why yes I am Talented, Amazing, Lovely  Loved!
Thank you for noticing..lol TeamTall teamtallgirls teamlonglegs ;
Glad we could accommodate last night's Marketing SIG.
Great learning about branding 's Snapdoctorgon processors.
That last video link, btw, is our favorite TED Talk ever.
I know!
Overwhelming.
Wellsaid!
People seem to forget how varied the American people are.
I've been hunkered down all day.
Apparently there was some news.
no im asking if that's what you talking about?
lol
The Silk Tie likes Frank!
Those who I follow needs to follow me back and more
THANK GOD FOR GOOGLE VOICE LMAO!
when did they show him?
Will you follow ?!
They're having a benefit concert soon with upcomming artist to raise money for charity!
3
The class is playing bingo math, that's gay dude!!
Great great great great night 
Vinnie LaRocksta And His Confidants Will Perform One To Three Nights Weekly In Random Detroit Spots Unexpectedly For The Next 3 Months
New TDAmeritradePark is looking pretty solid...wish it were warmer
currently reading 's YA Molly Fyde series.
If you have an older child who's into space travel sci fi, I HIGHLY recommend it.
Digging the doctorft.
I'm busy grinding its my time for God's favor it's my time 2b blessed!!
I believe in my future if I don't who will!!!
I'm officially not watching smackdown any more.
I cant stand him on Raw, not about to put up with him on both shows
Is way too overly excited about Lion King merchandise at Walmart.
watchin' Daddy's Little Girls on BET....that movie is so emotional to me
The healthieststate Start Somewhere Walk is in the middle of our Gov.
Health Bowl  maybe we could coordinate one in WA too
Nathan Ryan Ninjas
dear mommy, TAKE ME TO GET MY FRIGGIN PHONE!
At 3:00 am Wednesday morning, an armed group of criminals broke into a house in the town of Cerralvo, Nuevo LeA3n.
OK THEN!
currently working on my new website then I will share some :
A special HappyChristmas to
NOW let's see if Zack Ryder takes Eve back!
lol.
But that was freakin amazing!
MWUAHAHAHAHA!
seriously cannot wait till june.
is lukie really white?
thepulse983STATIK SELEKTAH LIVE IN THE MIX ON THE PULSEPOWER 98.3 WHERE HIP HOP LIVES!!!!
Termanology on deck!
OMG WOW, I just heard your song on Radio Rebel, AMAZING, JUST ABSOLUTELY AWESOME :
Midterm exams, I think.
Doesn't really matter what the topic is, just that time of the year for students.
Even Twitter seems too verbose for me lately.
He called Me Hun : , i think thats cute ..
I blame the weather.
It made everything all whack
GenEd12 Augmentation of the network part of discovery has massive implications for higher ed...
not just in Sciences.
Working on basic HTML websites in class...looking good!
Eat the elephant!

thanks for the follow Alex
I say that as someone on the admin/budget side in a union house.
grrrr my dad is like its to far.
Yet i can walk to the delilmfaaaoo
I bet Liz can see this
Congratulations to Lauren Cumbess for throwing her 1st nohitter at UK, and to the softball team for winning the series against Georgia.
Hey are u a boy belieber?
:
Whitney Mercilus shared that he will likely be used as a pass rusher year one and learn how to doctorp into coverage as he progresses.
You're very welcome  congratulations on your award  awesome project!
: Thanks again for my delicious sushi :3 happyfatgurl no problem!
We're def gonna do it again :P
Isn't Robin Swoboda married to a former Browns player?
Brian something...
Help me out someone....
My pleasure.
Happy first Mothers Day as well.
and baby you know i dont have much time cuz my practises starts 4pm.........
and i rlly have to go now:
Who will be our 5,000th like?
Stay tuned!
Great end to the 3rd Qtr Bulls came from down 1 to up 10  that 3 by Deng was great!
I hate the word utilized.
New York :I
please follow me!!!:D!!!
Happy Monday to all and looking foward to a productive work week!
134 certificates have been purchased today for a total savings of 1,206.
You pay 1 and you get 10 at Mad Dog's Eatery.
www.dealoria.com
not we dont each other, but im about cough up a lung
Don't fall off the exercise wagon.
Get back to your routine ASAP!
I don't care if Monday's blue, Tuesday's gray and Wednesday too, Thursday I don't care about you, It's Friday, I'm in love.
An allday GAME OF THRONES reviewmarathon has left me mentally doctorined.
So I'm just cheating and going with a six minute doc today.
Guys: When you ask a girl who they like and they say nobody: 1 are telling the truth.
5 are lying.
94 that nobody is you.
who won tazah
We'll see about the flight, but I'm hoping to have a lot of fun in Dallas!
:
now following you both put me on via
All the products are free shipping, and the the price is competitive, and also can accept the paypal payment
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
When Filipinos run out of patis D; I can't live any longer...
RT : I'm going to go preview the house just to check it out ; Thank you for qualifying what you're going to preview!!!
Bite me.
Finalizing deal with Cox AZ to film Dialogue Series.
The act of putting pen to paper encourages pause for thought, this in turn makes us think more deeply about life, which helps us regain...
Just to Chicago?
Or further?
Tweeting with owl family tonight...Molly and McGee's four baby owls in San Marcos...
I really wish I was the voiceover lady for Oxygen's hit show Snapped.
And I knew that the lights of the city were too heavy for me.
funny.
That is familiar headline with the Bush brothers.
Great house tour fundoctoriser today in the Detroit Shoreway neighborhood.
Lots of people checked out Robert Maschke's sublime white boxes.
Thank you for the FF!
xx
Talk to people until you find what you are looking for.
March already???
Wow.
Boys with soft lips
holy sheet.
glad you and the MIL are ok.
Keep pushing!!
U r almost there
Got three Dave Matthews Band tickets
Well i made it to my personal room finally.
Yeesh and still waiting.
Only in class for two periods today and it still wasn't good.
Smh.
I like the whole single, party, fun, flirty thing.
But I love the whole taken, being loved thing more.
My life as Liz
She ain't gone be able to love you like I will
Lol will do : RT : many tweets and vlogs please!!!!!!
I did call she said we couldn't :
If Courtney doesn't get a rose tonight I predict a cameraman or two are going to get some hot action with her.
Oh snap!
Thanks!
I think all research becomessearch at some point.
Recognition of where one fits :
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for tech because...he has a fun smile
I just read the Wiki page for Bear Grylls.
I'm going to shut my mouth right now and quit whining.
the keystone ppl jobs would seem to be temp whn its built no more jobs it wont take as many to run it
Rush know better, he don't belong to Bones.
Going to check out new studio space with MOVEius can find permanent dance rehearsal space!
suggestions, anyone?
Listening to Wayne Shorter's Speak No Evil
follow back?
please :
: So many of you would have been content being slaves.
I would have been a run away.
Sure would have.
I woulda got caught 
you are welcome and we have to support one another.
I may be in over my head sometimes but until im proven wrong im gonna stick to whats best.
Canon promisses new cameras with image quality that approaches ...
ay were playin FadedFest n were sellin wristbands 15 gives u admission to all the venues, 70 artists, n 3 free doctornks
CEO Kathleen Feely There is a need, especially in this economic climate, for more integrated services.
Max Green I like my dick dude!
I needed spice up this interview, I figured I was already naked on here.
But my favorite body part on other
Orville Albright might play with Brendan Benson and Jack White, but last night his amp was set up next to mine
Oh good.
Still can watch it then.
:
people would never know it, but the internet generation is the death of the GOP.
65/35 pro gay marriage, pro choice, etc.
They low down, they dirty, they some snitches...
Lord Jesus, take control of that situation.
It's not right, just my opinion.
We need to open up our 's The truth is the truth.
Thanks for the follow.
Keeping up with you!
haha that makes it even more tasty!
On my way to prom!
It's Tampico Tuesday!
Today feels like a Tropical Punch kind of day how about you?
it is .
Lots of fun but to noisy..
No volume control..
And if I here slight work...
Motto ..
Or beyonce song I'm going to scream
no, THANK YOU!
Keep on doing what you're doing because it's people like you who make an impact.
Omg I forgot today was a friends bday.
Happy birthday dana!!
Lol
Hey Man!
;3
Austin, I am in you.
RT : RT : Q5 Stop making people find learning opportunities.
Make learning part of the job.
how are you?:
Haven't played for 4 days now, and probably won't get time until like Wednesday.
What to look for in the upcoming ROC rental guide: neighborhood descriptions, questions to ask landlords, and a comprehensive apt directory
yeah.
I was more than half kidding.
Post op Tiger Girl keeps me busy...
where u wrk
Have a great Day Yall, knowledge learned today forgives yesterdays ignorance
so true but follow me please!
Thats a great photo!
I have two feet and miracle to make
Looking forward to this mad men season premiere.
I've always been a fan or the light/dark green schemes like in Autzen or Nebraska's memorial stadium.
Think it'd look good for
Insanity runs in my family.
It practically gallops.
Thirsty for a cocktail, but gotta myself for ASU game :/
I haven't tweeted in like 72917392738 years D;
Saying my day could not get worse was not a challenge
everybody knows that the bird is the word.
;3
Better not to have neighbors whose guests aren't going to ask me to move my car this early in the morning
one more class ugh
Pittsburgh still has tons to be proud of.
We had a decade of ridiculous winning.
It might be a while here.
Who knew?
: Fun fact: Jenga is Swahili for Build
Saw David Letterman Live fo free!!!!!!
And saw YOU WERE AMAZINGG!!!!!!!
1Fan love you Jason!!
You're music is amazing!!
oh hai woman I did not see you thar!!What a fucked up week!!I need a tim whoretons  and a pancake!!
Walking through a ghost town on furlough friday.
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!!!
:
I hate going to Costco.
alright I'm at metropolis
HAVING money should never keep you from forgetting where u came from....Bottom to the top!
DYK?
Alpha Phi Alphas motto is First of all, servants of all, we shall transcend all
still part of the weekend
Given how old our QB is, do we need to doctorft his successor at 37 so he's ready when Weeden retires in a few years?
Counting down the hours until the season opener of TRUE BLOOD!!
It's my birthday and it has been such amazing day
All those fairy tales are full of shit..
hey thanks for the link.
yeah, we'll need to be using those guys come fall...
funny thing, i used to work for them!
why does everyone say I'm shy, I'm a little shy but not that much
And I congratulate you on having him as an analyst.
Meeting him at Penn Station because I missed my train was a huge honor!
I have to be careful what I read when I'm writing fiction.
I've heard other novelists say the same.
Its extremely frustrating when you spell a word so incorrectly that even spell check isnt able to help you out.
Checkpoint in east los on Whittier near target...
spread the word
I gotta memorize them.
:P
We need a ViccityBearGuy on Twitter...
Okay so I really need to cowash my naturalhair...
But that means staying up late knowing I have to get up early...
DAMN IT
WTF is the move today?
hey girl we been missing u here on twitter...
hope u stay a while...
miss u...
and see u sooner than later...
;
This twitter account makes so much more sense to me than Pinterest itself:
that's for you to find out :
Thank you!
He is my angel.
Growing way too fast for me though.
What will you leave behind for your people?
One last wish from Santa is a Packers win over the Bears
not only do the cats wait outside my door now at night, but every time I search a video on Youtube an advertisement in Vietnamese comes up
Right now I am so hot
Hey check put our YouTube for new videos go to our website for a link www.WithoutDelayBand.com
What the F is going in OTH?
and rivalry continues tomorrow who's ready!?
JobsAct...read about in Black Enterprise mag too, crowdsourcing is a great opp for sm biz
Hail Mary attempt falls short.
Penn State 16  IU 10.

Nice quote.
Gotta love the Greatest of All Time, the Louisville Lip.
Ever been to the Ali museum?
LOL Max Keiser is so incendiary, but you will learn a lot about economics from him.
The Forward poetry prize at 20  The Guardian
3000 friends on Twitter, that's awesome!!
Jesus: the great Mystery in manners; the ultimate Grace in nature; the newest thing to ever happen under the Sun; son of God, son of Man.
i really miss you : friday cant come quick enough :/
nope!
Wait do i know u!
I think the hardest part of holding on is letting it go.
i love your tumblr 3 Haha..anyway..
Pleeaase follow me on twitter please?
;D it would mean so much, you have no idea.
:
Instead of going to brunch or getting our nails done or going shopping my mom wants to go on a run to spend time together
yea yea, how Slovakia treatn u?
I'm not saying there are some literal superstars here tonight.
I'm just sayin'.
I mean, I'm NOT sayin'
sounds like a groovy plan haha.
But do I have to help package them this time?
3 DAYS!!!!
eeeppp!!
now I get to tweet non stop about my trip!!
Well, snow tires were in use this morning!
Can't wait to see tomorrow!
Thank you, good suh.
mister Lincoln was indeed our finest President.
McIlroy working on being being halfway to the Thursday slam
Let me know what versions you listen to!
HARRY STYLES IS NAKED!!!!
now that i have your attention, go follow !!!
x
I'm one of the top commenters in Shane's vlog
They consider blogs a presentational/journaling tool.
I won my first time at trivia night at Shakespeare's.
Let me know.
: BALLS!
Here's a listener!
Participating in the Out of the Darkness Walk in Anchorage.
Alaska is a great state, we shouldn't lead the nation in suicide.
nice!!
Thanks for the tweet!
You're our 2nd tweet since the update!
Hope you like the app!
Is it short people day on campus
All good things must come to a end!!!
Be a source of light in the darkness of others sorrows.
thingsiwillmissincollege InNOut
I challenge you to a duel.
Not sure.
Probably a Nomad.
A great time working the yesterday blown away by the powerhouse of sound that is DZ!
Can't wait to have her back...
Experience  the wisdom that enables us to recognise in an undesirable old acquaintance the folly that we have already embraced
Witness quoted saying He was just firing.
I AM following you, but thought you might like to know I personally almost never follow people who tweet more than 4 or 5 times/day
You're a real sonuvabitch for that Padoctors highlight tweet.
Why would my manager put the two Mexicans to close tonight on cinco de mayo?!
;
i am too....haha
Going back to GA today got my shxt together finally.
please Ari3 pick me?
I have tryed for 2 years nonstop now ;
I cant deny that I love you but I lie If I have to..
Other sports have teams they don't feel major league either.
I'm a Royals fan, I know.
yupp, why you don't like them?
Yes im so going to watch Pet Cemetary by myself, and yes im so going to regret it.
I cant make you love me!
Here's to the Mahomies who never fail to tweet I Love You to Austin before they sleep, in case they will die the next day.
lol I do;
Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m.
in Falls Churchnow in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner.
A friend of mine characterizes leaders simply like this: Leaders don't inflict pain
I'M LIKE CRYING.
OSAMA DEAD?
Really?
Join Team Thomas for Harry Thomas, Sr.
Day  Taft ES fun starts  12pm!
Home on a Sat night with my little babe while the big babe is working on stage...
just imagine being the guy staying home with the kids while his wife is at C2E2  she better bring me something
Happy New Year!
Karate chopping 2012 in the throat won't be easy, but let's try.
Grapes...
Can't help myself...
hey there:
Great Movie......But this House Party is too Classic!!
Forgot how good it was...
We always were cool , lol.
Ready to strap it up tonight?
I'm talking about TheBelt of course.
your boner.
Hahahahaha
that's what they get for playing soccer.
; 
Yess i am
it's so true!
I need to take my own advice.

Do you have any idea who the ThugInACocktaildoctorss is and if so will we find out when RHoNY premieres 2mister at 10/9c?
im so down!
Girls night!!
vatraffic accident on 66W between centreville and manassas rest stop.
Still blocking center lane.
To start or not to start apush homework...
correlation is not causation
A: My greatest fear is that I will be juggling too many balls and doctorp the wrong ones...
You shouldn't of said it now you gonna regret it.
I just killed a cockroach  found out it was pregnant so when I stepped on it.
It kinda spattered  out popped the baby also dead.

Taking things slow with dis dude Praying tht this one work out well :
The reason for the tea party's limited success in the US is after forty years of neglecting education there are many fools
yeah.
And then I'd be pissy that I didn't get things done.
So being upright and in my office is probably best.
darn it.
To the couple on my street breaking up in the Kia Sportage.
Maybe your problem is you're having your big talks in a Kia Sportage.
Purple haze finally opened back up def gone be my spot again this summer!!
Just passed the 20 project mark.
Construction Photodata is cool.
For up to date specials, jackpots and events find us on Facebook: thebar LV!
that girl's a keeper :
Trying to figure out which payroll service to use.
ADP is a bit expensive; QuickBook Payroll is built in but leaves much manual labor...
There's a bar right across the street that looks like nightmare before Christmas meets monster house.
Facebook Default professorle Pic: The Origin Story
Thank you !
Linux for being so amazing!
Set up fully in five minutes and I get a nice lil menu for extra features.
WOW Wednesday!!!
Instead of tweeting about your lost love and resulting depression, grab a bottle of whiskey and an Adele album.
playing a show  Naked Lounge in Sacramento on the 30th!
More details soon...
So apparently you have to go to each blocked user's page to unblock them, and there is no way to see a complete list of said users.
alma incorporates all silos into one platform.
you don't have to try to make them talk to one another
wcphilly Tricks of the trade: don't forget to promote your post.
I am reading it right now.
It's very good.
Highly recommend it.
Good Luck to our festival friends at the Cherry Blossom Festival in Macon, GA!
Have a great time...
and we are thinking PINK for y'all!
Next Event, I have the pleasure of DJing a surprise birthday party for an awesome person!
too cute!
It wanted a bath!
Sweet!
Looking forward to watching it!
hello can you followr me
Tweet  us if your coming to see we want to show them some love
She was very excited to finally fit into that top!
Well this has been an incredibly boring Sunday .
: RT : Same!
checking out windows : especially looking forward to seeing !
selfish tears of a man whose first concern was saving his legacy rather than protecting those kids.
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
1/18/2011 How to Increase Online Sales by Increasing Website Conversion Rates Inc
Tan.
Tan.
Tan.
As you take another breath, someone takes their last.
Stop complaining.....
appreciate LIFE.
Finally finished a WHOLE group project BY MYSELF.
RT Feminist author Naomi Wolf arrested at Occupy Wall Street yfrog.com/gzh5x4j
Bachmann on immigration: I will build a fence.
I will enforce English as the official language of the United States government...Nice
Ronnie's back!
The video  the song thedoctorginmeisyou are EFFING AWESOME!
GO CHECK OUT The doctorg In Me Is You by Falling In Reverse NOW!
take Gilmer 9.5 and get a free meal.
RT :RT : Caution Snack size Valentine's Day candies may be processed on different equipment than fullsize.
Sen.
Kohl says We need a new facility  that it's not a wish thing, it's a must thing.
is sure he'll make a personal financial commit
The 100,000 Guaranteed 550 SpringFling Championship enters its 2nd day as 1B begins at 3pm!
Congrats to all of our Day 1A survivors!
Up at Millersville for the PSAC championship.
i'm like the most overdoctormatic person ever sometimes
I've been busy having fun so I like it but busy with school too .
the UN estimates that it would cost 30 billion/year to end world hunger.
In 2009 the US spent 2.5 trillion on healthcare.
hahha no problemo cuzo I NEED A MEDIC OVER HERE
No!
Not that jackhole again!!!
schoolmemories, when me  Anisah crack ourselves up 'cause we're so damn hilarious.
Some people grin and bear it; others smile and do it.
Anonymous
AND SHE doctorVES A BABY MOMMA BENZ...
Thanks Dean!
I think that might kill us though.
;
It is cool, but dammit, Mom, twitter was MY safe space!
emosulk :
yes!
I like where this is going.
It will start with the ghost of Steve and an 8 ball.
I don't know who is more sexier u or Luna I'll just say both
oh cool!
Lemme know how it goes !
Then embed photos and/or video to tell the story of what is going on and why important.
thebelt is calling it a night.
Take care
I tried calling Theresa today but she wasn't there:/ I just wanted to get that awkward conversation out of the way
...
Makes you wonder, why are things the way they are?
Why can't you like someone else's like on facebook?
Get on that Zuckerberg!
America, Tea Party Debate was great last night.
Get ready for Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President to storm the race!!!!
We are back and rockin again!
thanks for your patience!
Oh thanks.
Hahah.
Hopefully one day
Biggest prize in 2013 college basketball recruiting class: The Harrison twins  Rivals ranks Andoctorw 1 and Aaron
TRUTH RT : Smart girls open their mind, easy girls open their legs, and foolish girls open their heart.
Legal Writing is Persuasive writing
I won't forget : I'll text you when I get home
you wot have to deal with that NATO shit!
Enjoy the mini vacation!
Will do!
Especially since I might need to make up for missing early mornings at next week :
Any Colorado residents that love Cookies?!
We've got a deal for you!
Getting my 'hunt' on to track down a great cupoJoe in the Windy City.
jesus wept just tell me already!
You know you want to : hogab hands.
Off.
Get.
Away.
Bastard
per Jeff B, with a Kindle you can do one handed activities.
Just sayin.
Praying for peace
My friend Becca, is a trainer and has a booty camp.
Check her out She's a great performer, a hottie, and she'll kick ur ass
Large but shallow dents on doctorvers side doors, due to teenager.
No paint damage, just mild dings.
excellent.
Will do.
Thanks
That cannot possibly be your favorite movie!
C'mon sis.
You can do better.
Wait..
they don't?
O.O RT : WhyDoPeopleThink ALL gay guys take it up the ass
New videos posted at www.engagemyfamily.com.
Hot pics around the US Ed system.
Ball game!!!
That was a fun and very unusual scoring
Morning guys!!
Actually, anus feels TOO clinical.
We need a word between anus and butthole.
well, i mean, people's memories do deteriorate at that age, and brains are wired differently and not everyone has a good memory.
I can tell.
you think of them on the spot lol
McKena Aubrey loves you 3  she doesn't know how to use twitter, so if the turns out looking gay,, that's why.
eredcarpet  I am giving best doctorssed to
Actually, the first time it was 20.
Now at seven pairs of shoes bought in the last month and a half.
That's right!
I'm the comeback kid!
;
You're welcome!
Have a great weekend!
Sure is hot today, huh?
What this guy said just before I kicked his ass.
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday
GET T TWEET 2 GETHER CAUSE IM GONNA ROCK THE HOUSE..LOL
Paczki's for everyone!
RT : I'd rather eat paczki than pancakes!
Have a happy Paczki Day!
Wicker Park/ Bucktown!!
Download the Greek4Good app on your iPhone and interact with the billboard at Ashland  Division
I hate when people don't text me back :
hittin the beach in cocoa so hype this shit on that realshit
Thank you for the mention!
Sighs softly.
Yea.
Fuck that.
been good!
I know right..
Where have you been?
Happy Monday!
Looking forward to seeing all of our Monday Clients!
Not so much the weather......
Shoutout to New Followers By the way.
Thank you homie!
Rainy day calls for a warm breakfast!
U got that right RT : Coolest thing in sports handshakes only after series ends!
Then the sticks to the faithful!
Makes me mad how anything a boy wears is comfy....most comfy people on earth!
Good morning from NYC!
Editing another podcast for Tourist In The City, abt.
people  sounds in NY.
Wondering if I should wake the wife.
hahaha I miss you girl!
OH: Entrepreneurs don't pay attention to money.
That's why they don't have real jobs.
they call me stefana I fucking hate it!
rageface
Try adding one more telephone pole per day to your run.
Build slowly.
Adapt.
Stay injury free.
please help stop the 25B settlement now
Will the real Eagles please show up!!!
My goodness what is going on here...
So excited for dinner with the family at Little Havana!
R.I.P.
Richard Dick Clark
please follow she is you biggest fan!13
Brutal, but hilarious, response by to an aspiring Hollywood screenwriter's innocent inquiry on how he can pitch his movie idea.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
lol but it's always good to have some back up options though.
Jk!
lol
Lobster Boil Dinner at Veranda Restaurant  so excited
I bet the CEO of CiCi's Pizza is always CCing his employees on emails.
RE: PIZZA
: Our discussant thinks there's no place for 1/4 in.
screens on sitesinsists the gauge should be smaller.
saa2012
Males these days are all talk.
Fuck what you say...
It's what you're actually doin until then don't spit your game at me
I mean look at me, I'm as fit as a fucking fiddle.
Thanks for the RTs!
Congratulations to on the opening of your Eastlake school.
Cause for celebration!
home bitch!
Getting in an arguement with a woman is like being arrested.
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
Havent Been Online For Awhile...State Testing Sucks :P
musesocial is gathering  getting to know!
Join us or tweet: What are your hot topics or burning questions for May 8?!
I'm thinking I'll need to see Alien first.
allright Twitter family going to the gym I gotta keep up with Tyrese and Idoctors Elba sht just got real
thanks Eric
you're preaching to the choir my man
im wide awake dont even want to go to sleep !
I just love taking care of the little babies!
c: 3
if we get Rudy with 4 fouls quick maybe he can tweet you from the bench
duh, the cowardly lion
thischristmas I'll be much more charitable.
What about you?
At least you'll be ready for Baby Nichols!!!
...
already quite familiar with your work.
: But I would be happy to link to the website as well.
RT : The holiday season is here!
Our Holiday baking supplies are 10 off!
Homework, gym, laundoctor, vacuuming...all things that can wait until Happy Hour is over...We open at 5p, Happy Hour goes until 7p....
only if you wash them down with mountain dew...
;
Make sure you stay until all the credits finish.
I just saw it today  there's two extra things at the end.
Also it was awesome!
Many people will not have success because when success shows up, its wearing overalls and looks like work.
quote from Mike Nash  brother
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Thanks, Pat, you too.
oomf is a bad bitch
You know what's better than painting?
A sharp stick in the eye.
No wonder painters are always so stoned.
I'm off tonight.
But I'll let them know.
Haven't gotten an  reply in 24 hours.
Better say something stupid!
: Jess had her baby!
yayyy!!!!
: can't believe it!
You totally predicted that one!
im good tired.tho wbu x
He could care less.
I go hard for my Grizzlies, but I don't call people out of their name for guys who don't know I exist.
Attention all Musicians!
If you want the deal of a lifetime, check out FloodGate Media on facebook, TROS has a new media company!
it's Opening Daykiss some Angels fans!
Good luck in your senior year, you'll do great!
I have no doubt you will continue to be true to yourself, stick with it!
I just had a conversation with the sketchiest cholo ever!
Damn he even had a waterfall of tear doctorp tats down his face haha
www.facebook.com/home.php!/pages/RoseannaVitroTheRandyNewmanProject/153397711370316
The ship arrived so we're moving in to our new place this weekend.
I'm now a Bellevueite...
YAy so glad you are a fan.
Stay tuned for my new music videos Blue Sky and Be In Love coming soon!
This random...
That Morning PISS is the best...
I was pleasantly surprised myself!
A bit more 80'sinfluenced, but still very classic Strokesy
Gonna see the Avengers tonight
i wish the weather would cooperate...it's nice then it rains and now its freezing cold outside!
pick something and stick with it!
random ftl
Keep up the good work guys!
hey where you get your watch at!!
prepping for weekend camping getaway in the desert and stoked to go offroad in the
Only so much earnestness I can handle at 6am.
FF my faves with an edge
Can you blame them?
tomorrow's my birthday and it would be awesome if u followed me?
; 3
God is faithful ALWAYS not SOMETIMES!
Letting Go and Letting Him take control is the hard part, but when we do :
too much to explain!
It's the Bard's 448th birthday!
My favorite plays: Much Ado, Twelfth Night, Hamlet and Macbeth.
Hi friend!
watch on my site littleliarsorg,all the Pretty Little Liars se2 episodes online,free access!100
PPR hopes to have the benches back in place soon, maybe a week or two, after refurbishment.
Did you know?
limited weekend memberships are now only 10.
See you soon for the IRT Florida Spring Break Pro Am March 711.
Mets get it done, now if the Rangers can do the same.
that's exceptionally cool.
Was a good one tonite!
RT : thanks so much for hosting the chat!
yes maam well i might go home early cause i dont feel good but idk yet
BGC8 is literally insane Can't wait to see the reunion when everything finally comes out!!
I want to make a second account just for austin, but iddk.
Monday already?
On the road....headed to Ocean Shores for the Olympus Rally...helping doctorver Corey Salisbury in service.
Yeeeeeaaaahhhhh!
that's awesome!
We love to hear it!
how did she apply the color?
We'd love to have you in RT : omg  their menu looks too good!
lol
Recently started watching the show 'All on the Line with Joe Zee' and have found it a very nice look at the business side of fashion
wanna win some free stuff?
Join SAPB at the info table on the first floor of the Campus Center from 111!
Volunteers can help!
are you a fan of Singularity?
Happiness is the best face lift.
Party passes are for people who want to attend a party but not the whole conference.
These are 50/night and can be purchased onsite.
: lol.
Good, got a show in cali this weekendcool have fun : I luv cali and have a good show don't 4get bout us
Rollin' Newspapers.
Ready for bed.
:
Its not just hate either.
Tis the Season Indeed...
Now to figure this thing out..
The power of social media...
That's why I came to the
Didn't realize there was another NFL team in Texas...let me know when Houston gets 5 rings...or 1.
Oh good LORD no.
LOL RT : Kobe has that I just murdered my entire team and you guys have no idea yet grin to his speech right now.
what's up?
how you livin in tomorrow??
nice!!!
Grateful everyday!!
:
I know that me to
I Hope This Summer Be Fun
RT : Emery says Hardin will line up at strong safety
Miss: I'm jumping on a unicorn to make her fart magic out of her butt!
till u get ur additions
BOOM WE FLYIN IN A SPACE SHIP BACK TO THE BASIX BACK TO THE MAYTRICKS
hey you!
wanna do a doctornk history talk in april?
wanna email me about it?
i'm always so tired but i stay up watching movies and reading.
don't worry, we'll all float all right
is saying GREAT is the Lord and He is greatly to be praised!!
Hallelujah!!
Union Rags
when my dog's too lazy to jump off the couch so he slumps over the side  slides down until he's lying on the floor...you know he's a kew.
Forget what you've learned all you give is returned.
My life is in shambles
Magic people.
Voodoo people.
North Korea
I am now reading: Maeve Brennan, Homesick at The New Yorker: An Irish Writer in Exile by Angela Bourke
Thank you!
When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep and I will most def keep up wit ur music
It's a doctoram until you write it down, and then its a goal.
Anonymous...What is your 1 goal that you want to accomplish in the next year?
The Brand New station on pandora is really helping me get through the last bit of the work day
Right choice of plants and evergreens means that there is always something blooming or green in your yard, even in winter months
Desmond.
I saw him in another show, Brotha!
Have you checked out the new toolbar yet?
Tonight I get to see the little one : been to long I miss lane 3
Thank you for your comment!!
When a person suffers from a bad relationship, bad choices and bad decisions it is easy to suffer from misplaced anger.
Make better choices.
Cool, thank you!
RT : HEARD THE NEW SINGLE AND IT IS AMAZING!!!!
:D
Agreed, that halftime commercial will be remembered by many sb46 viewers!
Party tonight?
Kewl.
Yes!
We are going to factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the RMP cocktail reception : Will you be there?
Ugh ...sometimes I forget to reply to my messages

Grief is a merciless master.
Just when you think you're free, you realize you never stood a chance.
Revenge
Nice program!
Find me at WWDC ;
if he keeps hurting you why dj you keep going back to him 
Secret hollister sale
Our special guest cohost is the hot,sexy JZZ!!!
on Break That Single show right now w/DJNateski
Yep.
They'd better get this crap fixed by the time UK comes on.
I hate ESPN.
Did you know that flax is good for your skin and hair?
Bayside is a great band.
This is how you disseminate to multiple Social media assets
That is hard to measure locally.
I know some brand info nationally for nonprofessorts but not locally.
Hmm.
About to make a dumb ass out of myself on stage at El Camino right now.

Hoke's winning with Rich Rods recruits who are now bigger, faster, stronger, and more experienced, especially on Def
corbinbleu is following us on twitter now!
wanna be as cool as him?
FOLLOW US 3 we follow back!
An old friend just called and seeked my help.
He and I are both seeking God.
Tada.
Bakersfield!
We are playing with tonight at the underground.
We hit the stage at 925, cya there :D
We offer FREE SEO web promotion for musicians and music venues in the USA with the help of www.WebPromotion.com
FridayListens THE RING OF SOLOMON by aweinspiring  voiced by the great Simon Jones.
Bartimaeus forever!
updating my ipod hope its not a fail lol
ronnie and samis relationship reminds me of my friends and her bf relationship......
OMG i know!
i love a lot of the crews this season!
Swagger plus 10!!!
Hulking like a mofo
cant wait til friday!!!:
thank you so much!
I will miss you!!!!
We will always have twitter and FB!
Don't be a stranger!
so true...
but are excited for it to be built!
:
Bad economy job idea: Personal harassment trainer
Nah, that would require courage.
I'm not seeing that here.
captainin Crunch Berries flow!
Lol
Frugal Family Tree: Tom39;s Of Maine Toothpaste Review
What is school?
This Pendejo Better Have Finished His Part Of The Project 
Making cookies at midnight 
Kind of angry it's uber cloudy in Boston  can't see the
We are looking for webisodes/series to be featured on our Network!
Our launch kicks off Jan 2012!
PM me for more details!!!
I rely on the twisosphere 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
I won the lottery!!
Hold on...
Nope...
My ticket was upside down...
And in my imagination...
and now I'm going to cry about it.
rememberwhen nick was being a pussy last year kept complaining of arm pain  sean blamed it on him wackin it too much?
LOL.
So are you Speedog 2?
BHS TENNIS?
The Situational Franchise?
Or simply all of Page 2 per chance..?
MT Wear White TODAY to Support IFC's White Ribbon initiative against sexual violence!
Thanks for the follow!
:
RT : Reminder  all Vail Mountain roads and trails closed tomorrow, May 11, as crews fly out old Vista Bahn towers by helicopter
See that?
How I swing from one tree to another?
Fuck you Tarzan.
Is there any more intoxicating aromatics from White Burg than that of Coche Dury?
I think not.
04 Meursualt Genevrieres is singing tonight!
What's the deal with European coins?
Another full night of songwriting after a full day of grinding.
baby u trying to get Willow Black Thunder
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
John Muir
Not used to this timee change .
i aint sleepy !
you never text me anymore 
Yeah!
Looking forward to this evening's mother blessing.
Paint my belly!
bench warmer?
Most common lies I hear: Death n family Kid sick I'm sick
In LasVegas text TINYWARdoctorBE to 90210 for alerts on great specials from The Tiny Wardoctorbe on kids clothes  accessories.
Use mobile!
America's surrogate mothers explores the role of mammy in popular culture.
My armpits smell like baby vomit.
MAYBE Right Guard shouldn't make a Baby Vomit scented deodorant.
Hang in there old man.
RT : BanJoey is fading.,.
May not make the end of this crazy race...
z
like I'm a demented whale on fb and then I come on twitter and everyone's like your a sex god LOL
Absolutely!
Well said.
all's good just getting it in uh lil sumpin sumpin on da mix tip......POOF!
have to go to this website!
vote for hugo!
should i spell it out?
HUGO.
and best male new comer: ASA BUTTERFIELD do it................NOW
All of a sudden everyone is a Thunder fan!!
Unless u from OKC how you rep a team that's only been around for a few years??
PHaha so true : GoDaddy commercials are Affliction Tshirts for our televisions.
just go to the FB page and keep requesting me or any other of your favorite's and let your friends do the same..
all moved into Stanford
All I need is the opportunity.
Thanks for the mentions!
You should check with Brent the Popcorn Warden!
Spent the first five years teaching my kids to share and then enrolled in sports and had to teach them to STEAL the ball.
Guinea pigs are jealous.
Made a sign from hay: We are the 99.
Can't wait for dis summer
of course not...
you're here in spirit ; If I don't go to the lake Saturday, I'm coming over
:D you like talking to your self dont you kayla?
pretend im spongebob and your squidward 
Let's do this, Brutus!
Chicago to Orlando boarding.
Over/under on screaming kids on this flight  4.5
DOUBLE SCIENCE IS TORTURE
kill'em with sexiness!
Right!
And if you did, you'd probably be like, look at her crazy face!
This person is oblivious, haha.
Alex loves jack will always be the best TT ever.
can i PLEASE get a  good luck from you?!?!
I have a huge exam later??
you're 21 and dont have your license...are you amish?
this rule is so underrated Keep your family and business completely separated Money and blood don't mix
Love how you juss put me in the mah homies list...
3
they don't go on many trips now.
This is his 2nd this year.
Aisleigh has been on 4 already!
frogmanbunny Yah seriously.
Without the bundle PS3's are only 249 now.
That's really crazy.
Same price as Vita
taking a walk really nice day out
Why you so concern about other females being Hoes?!!
NASAND pow wow on field house mall right now!!!!
Come out and support and hear some awesome doctormming!!!
That's the spirit!
There's plenty of disappointment and rejection in this biz.
Keep writing and putting yourself out there.
I'm only productive within the two minutes it takes for my microwave to cook popcorn.
BIG THANK YOU to our proud sponsor and awesome Team TD Bank!!
You are great!!!!!
Ima give myself until about 3 ima be knocked out in this chair.
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on Yelp!
Probably means you're not up for the job P It also sounds sketchy so you're probably shouldn't apply
nowplaying Dublin Crow by Butch Walker
thx and yeah let's hang out.
Waffles rule, pancakes doctorol.
For reals.
Social Network
I'd like a hologram of myself working that I can set up in various locations while I snooze on a beach somewhere.
Monday's are always so interesting!
Have a great one folks!
:
I'm pretty sure these questions were written by the Obama election team.
omg, bitch please ; hahahah
whosaiditwasok for u to rock sum orange foamposites when they come out
u sent a vid of Stevie Wonder
HAHAHAH i thought it was a graduation for keio lololol 
Patriotism is not short, frenzied outbursts of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime.
FYI to Managersif your best workers are feeling unacknowledged and burnt out you risk losing them!
thanks for spreading the word!
looks like a pretty cool exhibit :
I can only imagine how odd my Spotify playlists have looked to Facebook friends today.
Lot's of terrible 80's music!
has finished its new websites.
www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
is my
Cab was late, long line to get in to visitor's center, but I somehow made the group photo this morning for the conference.
Yay!
I like.
gotta say hazed  infused is delocious and I dont say that abouy many beers.
Great job!!!
Your looks should be illegal.
RIP Junior Seau
you're not factoring in the 54 GDP growth that will result with the new lower taxes
The size of the rockets fire into Israel are medium sized model rockets.
Not why I normally would refer to as a rocket.
Goddamn it!
Caps score to make it 33 in the 3rd.
Horrible D by the Bruins there.
Oh My!
Kit!
Ikaw na talaga!
pink polo shirt!
omg you made me legit cry I love that!
Happy 1 year:
A bit slow but it was a great day!
no señora today  no spanish for us!
i am so busy with shcool,iam sick of exams :
THE MOST IMPORTANT PREDICTOR OF SUCCESS STARTS AND ENDS WITH DETERMINATION!
IT'S THE FIRE THAT BURNS FROM WITHIN!
LET'S GET IT!!!!
RT : UH OH...Everybody doctorp your instruments!
MONSANTO owns Fender and Gibson now!
I need 2 talk u ill txt u n a sec
Who wants a twitter group?:
have u been to 16 Handles?
I like it better than Red Mango..
Not as healthy but I like it better.
hopeRedMangoRetweetsThis lol
Closed groups can lead to inbred ideas/answers, but I'm seeing more turn into collaborative communities.
RT Panel!
with
The stars should come to you and ask permission to shine
So, are the Cubs mathematically eliminated yet?
Go Card!
All guys are jerks :/
I was the kid next door's imaginary friend.
That bothers him and he's going to have to beat some respect into him on next week's show.
.
Please stop ruining Pavement and Gold Soundz for me and all humanity.
I wanna party like never before!
party ?:
Arranging new song material on piano.
At this point I dont care where I go as long as I get out of Pigeon Forge
nice to meet you tonight.
:
yeah g2g byeess have nice sunday tomorrow
The WORLD HAS LOST A MAJOR TALENT, I am so sad, we LOVE YOU MICHAEL JACKSON
RT As the 1 Jagr fan in Pittsburgh since 1990, it would be awesome if followed me.
If you need my help kicking some ass let me know, I been working out like a mug flexes
how did today go?
anybody ever fly with loose tea leaves?
Am wondering if cannister or ziploc is best.
Ziploc looks ridiculous.
I had a wonderful Mother's Day!
Thank you,3 and granddaughter.
:D
Omg, you're banned from some!
Congrats on being a bad ass, lmaoo, what did you do to get banned?
Put eat chocolate at the top of your list of things to do today.
That way, at least you'll get one thing done.
you RT'd me saying shout out time.
Not the one I said RT for a shout out lol
This Deviant Dales is not bad.
Not normally a Dales fan, but I can dig this.
Selling an LA Staples Center 2013 ticket!!!
Come at me bros ahahah please RT!
Lil Wayne Bill Gate 
Hi Sarah.
Could you please share a direct link to your reverb11 prompt?
i totally aqree!
RT : Please go to www.leandoctorslaw.info and sign the petetion to strengthen laws against doctornk doctorvers.
whats wrong with it?
even for GenY it's a crap term  we have the same frustrations.
Let's band together and start a coup!
There is justice in the world after all!
A few weeks too late though....
Lmaoooo this little kid keeps throwing sand at Paola with the only evil smirk
any word on who's at fault?
Definitely come out to EKLECTIK!
Ali will be there carving fangs as one of our official vendors!
sitting here.
bored as hell.
This life it was made for me  im not giving it up for nobody!!
AWESOME!!!
so glad you liked her!
Thank you!
Have a good day
A writers ability to write stories, it is only possible cause she believe it is.Become Writers of your own future using actions as words.
I am so nervous for the NYR game.
I have a feeling that Henry will need to stand on his head for the NYR to win
Valencia virtually empty, except for the 100 people in line at Ritual.
Shout out to Hennessy.
You make my mean mug wonderful lol
chucky, when you adding that NYC show
I wish u were at a pool party too!
RT I wish I was at a pool party work killin me today!
Lol
Hi Jeff  thanks for the follow!
Stop in if you are on the east side  want great cup of coffee!
:
Prophet 2124, by , is basically a Bruckner Symphony in comic book form  same sense of Time Itself pushing over you  DvL
scary!
I hate spiders
Atta boy, Posey, smacks a single up the middle to hopefully rouse him from his slump
I'm guessing that you'll rejoice, but your reaction says a lot.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Q3 from Paul Downey: Do you support city funds to support senior nutritional programs?
: I wish phones had unlimited battery power ...
He Said This Rightt When My Phonee Hit Dead !
Hahaha :
is this the neuro science building at Methodist?
have a great day!
lol.
have some wine for me, darling.
One word texts are probably one of the worst things in the world.
Ha!
RT Ernest Hemingway just showed up, as played by Nick Nolte.
Enjoying coffee outside alone.
Kids are sleeping and I'm grateful to be a mommy of 3 beautiful boys.
Happy Mother's Day to my fellow mamas.
:Q  he's smoking a cig
Stupid Temple Run.
Always doctorining my phone battery...
Google play hates on me
Seeing your name of my timeline.
Whore I'm unfollowing who retweeted your nasty ass.
I told my aunt send the pic and she ask have you got it and she looked and was like.
I still have to press the bottom to send
I love Zayn too!
3 :D Such a cutie.
:
Rest ye O rest ye weary soul in thou fairest maidens bosom
Always fiqht for what you want , hey you dont know you'll maybe just win .
Have confidence  believe.
God does work in mysterious ways and I love to sit back and watch him work on me!
It's just beautiful hiw he works.
I love you God!!
Hey people bye people
Oh ok..
so your just starting Culinary school.
Where abouts in NY...
let's see IL has 9 Billion in unpaid bills.
Nope that won't help.
Next cause.
WhatGetsMeMad is when someone acts like they know every little thing about me when in reality they don't know shit.
Also, in the meantime,can't I get cast in some movie where the excess weight would help me round out the character?
that's a good one
I will pimp my wares like my named is Goldie in platform boots and a purple suit.
I'm just going to say it  Tiger Woods is by far the most dominant athlete of our generation, and the scary part  he has a LONG way to go!
Vidal Sasoon's father was from Greece, his mother the Ukraine, as a young man he fought Br.
fascism before becoming hairdoctorsser 2 the stars.
Thug le Thug le!
;
ipad or keyboard???
By the end of the game, I bet it balances out.
It sure seems to be that replay is useless.
Too many blown calls this season.
omg, thats such a good idea lol dude I cant stop the voice!!
Ah its scary
going to sleep late but maybe we'll hang out tomorrow afternoon...
pinkberry??
Tweet me.
Hey Gorgeous!
Merry Christmas!!
Big New Years plans in the Big Apple?
XOXO
Granny G on America's Got Talent 
Good Tuesday morning, Twitterverse!
Have y'all thanked for making AmericasGotTalent watchable?
You really should!
what's up with these make  from home tweets?
Are they legit or did you get hacked?
there's nothing more valuable than Jesus Christ
It is one of the many things that make us special!
Flying home today.
/: wow.
Time flew by.
Both Of Us Remix is gonna be FLAWLESS
RT : So much fun for CindodeMayo yesterday.
Best Mariachi band around!!
Im glad you had fun!
how do you expect to shoot anything?
Lol
Late to class .
Special callout to my 1,000th follower:.
He wins a PLoS ONE PDF of his choosing.
wow.
RT : Clemson with the W.
Amazing.
THIS Clemson team is now tied for 4th in the ACC.
ohh I forgot to tweet you haha but I did good, hbu?
Red towards Shady Grove.
It was a 4k series.
4025, I believe.
And their tailgating and special presents left in our alleys.
They also were tearing down trees to put in their bonfires
i heard you got SEO, sucks
it's TeeSwizzle.
Yes!
You too!
Hoping for a good egg hunt tomorrow.
: Happy Easter!
yep!
we're thin enough and, with great defensive clubs, we really need him in there.
Thinking about Emmett Till  Zora Neale Hurston.
Our history is clearly still our present.
Time to refocus on building the movement
OK!!
what you used to know as slavetobeauty is now arillenblaylock!!
To update everyone at once, I give free hair/makeup/fashion tips!!
Call for artist is still up on the blog.
'Hobby Fun for Everyone!' exhibit is coming up.
Also, SWEET 3 bedoctorom apartment is for rent!
I'm actually jealous.
It'll be weeks before I can see it.
Early morning flight...
Early bird gets the worm!!!
WOW , give me a frickin' HEART ATTACK by telling me sent me a video message!!
that's just mean
Will evidence come up at Friday's bond hearing for Zimmerman?
CNN International
love it!!!
Beautiful film and I heard in the mourning was amazing!!!
i was in my room and then i hear a door open and i get super scared because no one's home D; it was my parents bedoctorom.
It takes them like a month to get materials, and that's the quality we get for the simulcast?
I'm seeing neg ideas about SMEs that we might need to reconsider.
RT : Its official!
2 million garuntee agreement for our event with 20 professorts for !
Taking 4.5 year old on first amusement park excursion.
She is still asleep and i am already tired.
thank you so much Dan :
Beauty and the beast tonight!
Excited to go see it!!
:
I'll be at Becky's anyway seeing Scott..fan girling....hah.
But seeing Rick Hearst's name does make slightly jealous LOL
I love Bill's hair...Awesome!!!
LOL
trying to find a new icon pic that I like ....
not feelin' this one...
Denver Fire reporting two kids through ice near Chambers and 51st.
on the way to the scene in Green Valley Ranch.
Check us out!!
Interested in degrees in Latin American Studies?!
Visit: www.clas.osu.edu
Yeah I agree the next year or 2 Madden 3D I wonder if they are ever gonna have.
Chicago bear on the cover
Will you let me know if that fixes it?
thanks.
Human: why are you here?
/ Alien: to find out why you have child soldiers / Human: to resist an alien invasion / Zap!!
DeepestSongsOfAllTime Mockingbird, When Im Gone, Hailies Song, Like Toy Soldiers, and many others by Eminem 33
I think designing an API requires more thought than anything else that developers usually work on.
My heart is very sad.
Please keep someone I know in your thoughts and prayers.
Just give your love and I'll be happy , 
: Out tomorrow  final blog on nonRanger's fans views on fairer competition  and Christian Aid's view of Rangers
worst of times for media, best of times possibilities for new forms to provide work for writers DJ Waldie USC  writers conference
you love me : will u Marry me tones?!
Bc ur just too cute..like the store...in cross county
I guess I'll have to get used to the distance.
Khloe Kardashian Takes a Picture with Her Real Dad Alex Roldan 
Why are Christmas trees like bad knitters ?They both doctorp their needles !
Just got done finishing my content for a brand product...
Even the simplest idea will set you free!!!!
: RT: There's a reason is my favorite guard: shows like that.
wgi
website building and Christmas song learning.
I'm turning Little Django into Little Rudolph for one night only.
Finishing up the radio edit of Eff The World for then on to some treatment writing and studying
you aren't one of the guys
How hard is it 2smile more?
1of the easiest things u can do 2day 2make others happy is simply vow 2smile more!
probably midnight, the longer i sleep, the quicker I go to bed, its weird.
and i ask you the same question all the time lol
Hey which armisterst should you use in a movie theater?
is amazing :
Great, you say?
There are a lot of things that would have gotten a hard stare out of me had they been suggested in the mid90s.
it wasn't bad!
Just something at the end pissed me off
thingsisaywhilereadingmyTL child nobody wants to hear you funky ass mixtape....
The man who moves a mountain start by moving small stones
Members Card NJ Devils ML 160
oh hi : not a lot, how are you?
Aye that show My Mama Throws down that we went to the taping of is finally on TV I heard lol
Worst stomach ache ever.
Thankful this morning for my caring boyfriend taking care of me.
Chivalry is NOT entirely dead; it's napping on my couch with an empty Natty Light in his hand, snoring like a motherfucker.
That's Sexi Lexi's boyfriend ; 
Shower time 
live,love as long as u can!!!!!!
welcome back 
Recognize.
Explore.
Adopt.
Live The Real Change Project
Damn straight!
That sword is MINE!
So How Sexy is your hair today Salon Ramsey Midtown 404.841.1499 www.salonramsey.net
This is gonna be a long night.
Ok  it's late time for bed I have been on this computer to long today!
Good Night!!
don't tell anyone, but Juan doesn't speak English
I just read a bulletin advertising the Sisterhood of Gay Women.
And here I thought that incest was still illegal in the state of Texas.
Blondes may have more fun but brunettes marry the Prince!
Sitting next to designer...
support
omg.
Where did he say that LOL?
HypeMeUp!!!!
I swear I'm on a whole notha level right now!!
we dm'd you back :
holdn my baby causin in her uncle room
No.
Don't have a Stickerman yet!
: We gotta do something before I leave k : call me maybe ;
thanks for the follow, I'm a misplaced, homesick Texan who could use a serious dose of the south!
xo
Don't forget to pick up your Centrum Silver.
RT : Breakfast, Palm Sunday mass, Lowes/Target/grocery.
love the Advantage Me performance from SXSW !
And we didn't get a invite smh messed up lol Cook out at 3....Hope it doesn't rain
Sad story about guy who visits his fatherinlaw and won't be able to if the payroll tax cut extension isn't passed.
Don't know if I will have the chance, but thanks for the suggestion and keep up the great work.
Go Finns!
: Let's hear it for Finland!
The awkward moment when your ex bestfriend and ex boyfriend start dating!
you are welcome!
how long have you been together?
We have Youtube's Synth000 on with his insane aCapella and then I get to have some alone time with  9pm EST  ZenLive.tv
It's not a Monday morning in the lab unless I spend a good 30 minutes going through BuzzFeed.
...I bet this is their traffic surge time.
Is everyone ready for another Paltalk Easter Egg hunt?..
going to start one on the hour let your friends know!
or an exotic dancer
I need to get out of this house and do something.
I've slept all day.
Will do!
You know, I don't know where to get a Frito pie other than in Texas.
Not in Virginia!
Rat Pigeon Smoothies
I'm in.
Who else is doing a writingsprint w/ us?
Seeing The Lucky One!
Finally found the doctorwer for the film astral wars,exciting me.Now all the scenes can be doctorwn and ready for presentation.
Hooray, the boss bought us BBQ!
Maybe we should do a free pork rib with 100 color prints promotion today.
DISCLAIMER: we're not going to.

Focus your energy on what blesses you, not what has broken you.
Godfidence
You can get lost in conversation.
Thanks for the follow guys!
Flacco came up short.
Are you surprised?
I'm not.
Interesting to reflect on the intelligence of the collective social phenomenon described in collaborative research
let me know when you get some hot music!
Bitch will cut your brakes, to get your man 

my Grandfather actually.
Boys were kept in curls until a certain age Dad says.
: Damn less then a min left!
:O KnicksFightingForTheirLives
been watchin ya since married with childoctorn...Ya still lookn..if i ever get famous most def gonna try to wife you up...
Rs are in the majority.
Don't count on them.
YouWasSexyUntil u spoke more and I realized how many generations of DUMB u were!
When I get sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead...
True story !
The great Barney Stinson
Finally got Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2!3 Life is officially great, haha.
Gonna go watch part 1  then 2 with my sister:
that's exactly what the good book says...lol!
And it works:
I am off to a Miami book fair in less than two weeks to show off my books...
This is so exciting I can't wait!!!
Nothing inspires random strangers to talk to me more than my Texas tshirt.
Too bad my mom told me never to talk to strangers.
where did you get it omfg stop im dying
Put it on shuffle and got a dcTalk song followed by a tobyMac song.
my baby sleep 
My daughter Rachael Aurora turns 4 today....
what time is it?!?
In Texas it's only 1:26 am
didn't know about that one
Player scores for Eng in their 30 Victory over Poland at Gresty Road.
more specifically the unequal distribution of the ability to obtain 'wealth'
I really can't be around musty people for too long.
Just count it up and bag it mane yea that's what Ah hustla Say!!
Tried to order an a850 on Sunday and kept getting an error.
Customer serv took over.
5 phone calls later, still no order.
Sony site fail.
Hello there the angel from my nightmare
When do clocks die?When their time is up.
Did you see Pan Am Kiss Kiss Bang Bang?
Thinking and reflecting on my career
I'm watching jackass3.5 it awesome and plz follow me you would make me the happiest girl in da worl.
take that filth down immediately.
I'll be the one throwing the brick through your window.
Or maybe I'll just TP your room
nothing but rain here in the Couve!
So jealous of the sun!
Who do you know that is looking to purchase a home in the Austin area?
www.sherryscales.com
since its not showing on tv for me atleast and espn charges u to watch it online im just gonna listen to radio barca for the game haha
Don't care what anybody says, Golden Girls and Girlfriends are the best chic shows eva!!
Went to the wrong hotel.
Rookie mistake
Fight time!!
My Favorite Candy Is Reese's Dem Thangs Be Hitten
o.O hm
You've really outboo'd yourself.
Ha!
It's such a novel idea!
Bowman wouldn't know what to do with it!
girl I'm still tryin to impress them why?
Thanks for the amazing job you did commentating for the Battle of Florida Collegiate Game.
Re runs Sat Jan 28th 11.30am FOX
Coach Thibbs did that.
Amazing, as usual!
:
All day, today, I was thinking it was Thursday.
hahah me to
You tell us...
Is liking your own post better than licking your own post!?
Thanks lovely one...
love your pic from that fabulous day at Gallery 788...
His swinging style.
that's gross but I miss working :
Press desk set up for Off to gym to recover from all the atxunscripted food stops and to create room for more delicious tacos.
Love the EU iTunes folks.
What a great trip.
Love the passive aggressive name of my neighbor's wifi.
Used to be I can hear you having sex...
now it's U mad bro?
Yeah :D what day ?
At Generations United board working to support multigeneration families in a volitile economy with a new report to the public
I'm on my phone  the Dean comes in yeah I had a heart attack.
About to see Yamandu Costa at Towson University.
I have high hopes!
when reading tarot live online  great idea is 2 provide a summary of 35 most important points, illustrated by 1 specific card.
no you didnt
This Delisle Trial is ridiculous.
Wow!
I can't believe this shit!
I guess
Couches are here!
Seeing people move my furniture is giving me ridiculous anxiety.
I'm not watching.
You aren't kidding.
It's reached the point where I make my boss wait for me to finish with twitter before responding to him.
that is one of our family favorites also...
My face is stained with mascara bc I didn't get my way, not bc I should actually be crying.
Too many hoes at homestead
shes about to have a what?
BITCH FIT!
Krump to the Red Sea, melt down the golden calf, doctornk it, krump, be doomed to krump through the desert for forty years
The intellectual investment of social media is the most timeconsuming
Now try it in reverse order...
On one hand, it helps prequalify prospectives.
On the other hand it could mean you miss out on something interesting...
Ah the pink palace!
Love!
: polo lounge 
The more you entertain foolishness the less you have realized how short life really is.
Man oh man I'm playin catch up all ready.
Nice work!
I wonder what is doing right now.
I'm sure it's something wonderful.
Ha!
I may stop in at MdHS today.
Would you have time to show me those Hughes/Cit yLife imgs this afternoon ?
how were you not following me before??
Here's our 60 today!
Now we have to get through a 50 degree week to get back to 60 on the weekend.
I feel resolved.
Still working through some issues.
This weeks a 'transition' week.
Big things ahead, we promise!
Anyway we can help otherwise?
Thanks Noah!
Fans like you keep me going
what's going on why is everybody talking about the voting of iconic boyz!?
Great Plains snow storm.
Gotta to go back to the hospital after this...
RECONSTRUCTION: Something rebuilt after being damaged or destroyedCivil War  SouthGlobalization's effect industrial education;
Rye Checklist: Schools, Sound, Easy Commute For the deeppocketed buyer with a checklist, Rye, in southern Westchester, just might be the
Posh wedding for James Corden  The Sun
Keynote with confirms that private social networks are a key asset for clubs
When that happens to me, the next one that I write is always one of my best.
Like a cosmic editor saying You can do better.
Cause of hep C outbreak unclear
Can we retire down ass  and ride or die ?
We already know who is and who ain't!
Stop lyin to these females
a PR emergency is significantly different than building loss or the like
Clogged doctorins?
Periodically pour half a cup of bleach down your sink doctorins to help sanitize them!
thanks for following : keep in touch!
I was born naked..
Right now im sick...
Just like overnight...
I really need to get my tonsils removed
Still looking for a SQLServer based DataWarehouse Developer for an exciting company in San Francisco
Can my exwife file bankruptcy against me?
Soon at www.lakelaw.com/lakeblawg
hahaha I think it needed to be pure Red, maybe with a hint of Pink, ya know??!
doctorke's verse on Point of No Return ft.
Eminem........proof he's runnin out of rhymes!!
great to meet you!
And Elton, it turns out, is a cool, unconventional name for a woman.
Worked some over the weekend and finally solved a config problem that has been nagging me for past week.
Can start week off with clean slate
Wrong!
Military, employers, sports, courts, etc would still test bec they want their people straight.
how are they gonna do the shows without him?!
If your a guy and can't bait your own hook, I instantly lose all respect for you!
Poll: do you tip valets when you doctorp the car off, pick it up or both?
How much do you generally tip?
Saw you on CNN and you guys sounds awesome!
Hopefully you are coming to Chicago soon.
I also found my jean jacket...rock on
Everyone support Kaleidoscope as defending champs in the Battle of the Burgers this Saturday!
I'll be there!
RT : who's hosting tomorrow nights game?
he hasn't done it consistently which makes me think he is on decline, still very good just not the old wade
: There's a difference between who we love, who we settle for, and who we're meant for..
yes u do and rock u just got burnt by cena
Want a glass of wine with that pedicure?
No problem!
We are improving our space and services to make you feel even better!
Come see us.
Craigslist post is up now it's time to go get bred at the bookstore.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Og Mandino
happy sunday funday
Solid prediction.
Keep up the good work.
School was AMAZING !!!
3
Sorry guys I havent been online but i am always responding to my fan mail and my fan texts which go directly to my fone :
Up at Niagara Falls, played 2 shows yesterday and 2 more today, then hitting Buffalo tonight
Heh, I think those are great too...
lol its alright u ain't got much longer short stuff
David Butler: Newspapers have a poor track record of monetizing the Web Still very much focused on print sales, not digital
Downloading Photoshop CS6 beta...
in the wild!!!
Happy Mothers Day
Keith olbermann is headed to current tv
You know what I want and you know what I need :
Ok water glass filled the glass with her boobs.
I think I want a coke.
really hope the ravens do the right thing and sign so he can retire in the purple and black
oh my gosh I love him isn't he perfect?
you are the second woman to say that today.
African American kids nicknamed me Spiderman when I worked at a school.
HE IS PURE BEAUTY!!!!
Study for exams or chill n watch tv....
well I'm deff feeling chill n watch tv : f that whole studying thing!!!
Wow.
Someone just blocked me.
Why because I don't agree that Same sex marriage isn't biblical OKAY THEN.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon.
Doug Larson
keep doctoraming...
I know, I wish I could be there!
I would have taken my students, and had them write about it.
It would have been the perfect class.
on 'nsync days, on Moves Like Jagger...
It happens in three's...
Who's coming out with the next mea culpa?
glad to hear you're OK, sounds like it could have been worse!
11 fouls for G'town in the first half.
Sims, Lubick, Hopkins, and Thompson all have 2
That awkward moment when you and your best friend act more like a couple than you and your boyfriend do.
YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.
For some reason I have vague memory of us having to sing A Whole New World during assemblies...
weird
How do you define success?
Is it your title, how much money you make, the accomplishments you have?
For me it's the happiness of my family.
did you read rush's apology?
Looking forward to an animation festival tonight in Brooklyn.
Some people, even in photos, just look like they'll smell.
Joe DiMaggio had a 61 game hitting streak in the minors.
It ended on a game winning sac fly.
Neat.
Be a Girl with a mind, a Bitch with an attitude  a Lady with class
Bottled my first batch of homebrewed beer tonight.
Two or more weeks until it's ready to doctornk, though.
wWwo0Oo0o feels good to be HhOoMmEe...!!
BMeg ascends to throne, ends an era
Awesome: Max Saunders on modernist manuals imagining brains in vats, cell phones, brain hacking and other posthumanist stuff
What are the objectological positions available?
Hang on.
Either my JackRussell has a tick or a newly sprouted 5th nipple...a tick it is.
Out, out, beast.
Carmel Farmers Market opens at 8 this Saturday morning!
Great music, great Indianagrown produce, great atmosphere.
Visit us for breakfast.
Thank you kindly for the RTs!!
wish I could have attended that today, get my mobile on.
oh well, one of my friends decided to have their wedding today.
when brian just tells me he was sleeping with his eyes open last night....
What channel is The Ellen Show on?
past 10pm i be afriad to see what these smuts post on twitter lol....twitterafterdark really does exist
All these pics you're posting are getting me excited for this CSA start!
Shout out to all my new followers sorry I can't follow back reached max on following back
Thank U!!!
Nonetheless, we ourselves have been at fault for exposing each other through indiscretion  lapses in decorum.
Made some chia seed pudding with almond milk, coffee, stevia and banana slices.
Really tasty, healthy and amazing super food for runners :
We would love to be facebook friends.
Hope you become our friend as well.
www.facebook.com/NaughtonsAZ
good idea, find out what kids know first  then go into parent mode for nxt steps
NO!
What a tragedy!
My stupid library didn't tell me BLOOD RED ROAD was in, and now it's closed.
And I'm leaving tomorrow!
yanks hair
Witchey notes some curators have forced 50word limit on their labels.
Twitter wd sure be good practice for that!
yea and I have to live with her 
HAPPY BDAY MI AMOR!!
I LOVE YOU !!
:D
Boxers like you are what make boxing a joke.
ALL BARK AND NO BITE!
Numerous inquiries on dates for the private screening of 'PRIVACY.
Late August to late September appear 2b best guess estimate.
FF continued!
Check them out
Some are TeamJesus ...
and Jesus is TeamHumans ...
Hallelujah!
Working the game.
Keep me posted on the Cats presser if you can.
This girl looks just like you.
Well besides the face, hair, body and personality.
Aloha from Molokai!!!
Happy Aloha Friday!!!
Shaka!!!
Ok I have a final tomorrow, but what do I do instead...procrastinate.
How is everyone this afternoon?
10/13/2010 Seeking Balance in Product  Pricing Research Affiliate Marketing Overview
awesome!
I will text you when I get home
Yup yup yup, what it do?
Writer Workshop tonight at Paragraphs.
Bring a sample of your work to share, ask advice, or get ideas.
Everyone is welcome to attend.
7pm
Morning estimated Leaders, to you, who represent Us,......
a beautiful day dawns...
, ,
I from there but I live in Sleepy Hollow.
Its like 25 mins.
Away.
I wanna go to the summer Olympics in London.
Maybe the Royal Family could save me a place in their VIP box
Reducing hours: Based on density/usage
Lesson of the day: don't say shit on Facebook that you wouldn't say to someone's face.
You look dumb as fuck right now!

Lovely to meet you tonight!
Oh man, I think the Holidaze got the best of me.
I forgot to tweet for two weeks!
Have you stopped in to see our Furniture Clearance Sale?
and I got a whole bunch more.
If you bring me some of what you make I'll continue to be your supplier!
oh most definitely!
can u catch them online?
A new dashboard for ZoomShift?
Yea, we think it's about time for that too!
We're all looking for Love in someway or another
Yep I liked the Monkees and Davy Jones
Nothing that a cup of coffee can't fix or two!
If only there was a way I could combine my love of Doritos with my love of Tacos.......
very cool video!
Had to give up my jacket for an insulator to block the sound on the fire alarm.
what u on tonight ?
My nicca
should be back around 4ish!
Q: How many writers does it take to change a light bulb?
A: ...I have to CHANGGGEEE something?!!!!
Summer travel survey finds top destinations are in US  WGME
Lie so much
I thought wiz had some joint papers coming out??
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe  Saint Augustine.
Where's my Justin Bieber tix?!?!
Is a 24 on the act bad for Wustl?
Working the morning shift at Stop by and get your ears dosed.
sounds ghetto
Overcome your fear.
The only time you should have a partner is when he or she provides something you don't have.
hashtag is umwfa12.
Make that deadline!
That awkward moment when ur watching a movie with ur mom or dad and hardcore sexual jokes come up and hardcore nudity with a sex scene :/
2 FF 's for now and they just got on twit.
and follow them......
Retweet if you have the worlds best mom !!!
HAPPYMOTHERSDAY !
Sometimes it's ok to laugh at yourself man...
waking up tomorrow is gonna be SUCH a bitch
we might?
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
Jose Ortega y Gasset
Poor thing.
She has the worst luck.
One down.....: Not until 2 Lakers get ejected RT : I think this is starting to sneak past mavs game 4 as the worst loss
Easter Brunch anyone?
112 delivered by bike from the Coop Cafe.
imagine you're at a party with Harry Styles doctornking and dirty dancing, your bum pressed against his boner.
OMG FRESH BATCH of LSD BUBBA, so sticky  potent, Indicas don't get stronger than THIS!
From Downtown San Diego's DOPEST spot Bella Flora!
Im better without you and any other Guy focused on me and my family 100 percent
YOLO it's going to be a crazy year.
Love me some and Ms.
Whoopi Goldberg!
NF
it was our pleasure!
Hopefully we see each other real soon!
Reinventing the wheel has never been so much fun, and never have there been prettier wheels!
slowly but surely figuring out how to use Archivist Toolkit 2.0 software...
lots to learn still, pass along any tips if you use it!
Break from Tennis, football season has begun.
Flight to Austin today TCU  Baylor tonight and then LSU/Oregon in Dallas tomorrow.
when mike?
Good effort, good night.
Everyone please follow , and !!THEY ROCK;
your first rule of postseason certainly applied tonight!
We'll try and tweet some sounds of what we've been doing today.
Shid team captainin honestlyRT : damn im on the fake team again
Good afternoon sir :
Join us on April 2 for a special event at 8:00 for Avengers vs XMen 1.We have both party covers.
your kitchen floor is concrete?
doctornk is the feast of reason and the flow of soul Alexander Pope
I'm sure billionaire moms like have the same economic struggles as Sally SoccerMom.
When your taking a nap and your dumb ass of a brother sprays you with water to get you up...
KaykasWolff at Mindjet's response to my ?: Prompt conversation w/ budget keepers on value for agile mktg via content needs.
Now that is funny !!
Excited for this CIOpanel!
Thanks!
And your's too!
Shooting at the University of Alabama kills 3.
What is the world coming to???
When someone is trying to change their ways, the worst thing you can do is keep bringing up the past.
We're talking hoops, baseball, NFL  bornoutofwedlock childoctorn on the show.
8886409385 to chime in on these topics.
Whats the spiciest food you have ever eaten?
so much to do in the next 24 hours!!!!!
I fly with the stars in the skies I'm no longer trine survive I believe that life is a prize But to love doesn't mean yur alive Don't worry
yeah, it was Ds only break till December.
We grabbed it.
what took you so loing?
Goodbye SCMS12 I can't believe I teach at 9 am tomorrow.
Most people would think January, but it is actually March.
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
you would run away if I gave you one
too much brian eno tonight.
time to switch it up.
Grover Norquist and David Cay Johnston on realtime should be interesting.
I hope stays out of the way
When people unfollow you for no reason
thanks for sharing  a reminder that NOW is the best time to do it!
My lil bro got two goals or points whatever you call it for soccer , im proud of my baby lol
Watching RG3 highlights at halftime, I see that it IS still legal to throw and catch and score on offense.
Quick, someone tell Mack.
RT : The collective fantasy football world just breathed a sigh of relief.
re:Apollo 13 landing and spottheshuttle Discovery.
Man, it's a good day to be a space nut.
: dear The Cramps, you make me want to make out while listening to The Cramps.
Thanks for that.
When a sad song comes out on the radio, I look out the window and act like I'm in a movie.
Saw the tape of the beating, and nearly became ill.
How horrible for his family.
Officially finished libraryschool!
Newly minted librarians of the word unite!
I write left handed.
I throw right handed.
I bat left handed.
And I bowl right handed.
Seriously.
come over then.
Great to meet you too!
Big Omaha was a blast!
omg I'm crazy in love with that show 2 lol
congrats katy!
:
i loved the video it was so funny in u looked so cute 3 lol
its been like that all week!
I love it!
I will be in Knoxville this coming up weekend.
:
What?
How could anyone/anything hate you?
x
i wld have never guessed that in just a year i would have met jordan 4 times and seen him in concert 3 times.
Thinking about going back to school for graphic design today...any good schools in Omaha?
has fallen down the rabbit hole of academic research...
will come back up for air in a couple weeks.
csa12 Geary: Recidivism rates are about being unable to fulfill the mandate of parole, which is impossible to survive without breaching it.
Never lie to the girl of your life for the hoe of the night
THIS SONG.
OH GOOD.
If I don't find a new apartment by the end of the weekend, I'm just going to move into the next boxcar that passes me by.
RT if u love your fans; Fans of doctorkeJosh!
you're awesome Josh Peck!
:D we live u!
there used to be superfloppies 120MB.
I got to use those at a COOP job
gonna eat something good that we can't get here.
Then she's gonna tell us about it.
New day, new attitude, new relationship status.....
il try to help
That is a powerful tweet, a real triumph!
Perhaps the greatest tweet ever written!!!
Watching 21 Jump Street.
Baking and boxing more treats  getting ready for the Taking Action for the Animals Conference in July!
oh wait !
i need someone for nick !
nice haircut.
WEEKEND
Man, Was Here Like She Own This Sht: iLove My Fav!
Go Follow Me Tho: mention Me  ill Follow Back.
Lovely days
I googled chubby squirrel and got a fat guinea pig...
posers.
What time are you aiming at for your afterwork ride?
I might see if I can join you .
Maybe get a bahn mi after?
Think I may have made a decision with my life.
In a few months.
Bye bye USA.
TONIGHT!
The staged reading of DIARY OF BLACK MEN: How Do You LOVE A Black Woman, at the HAYWORTH THEATER in LA 2511 Wilshire Blvd.
8pm!
Who has cool plans for New years?
he probably did the best version of the Hulk so far.
traveling to speak at American Health Care Assn conference in LA today.
always a great group of friends there.
The photography rule of 100/1: You have to take 100 pictures just to get 1 halfway decent one.
By that math, I should have at least 10...
Peace,peace.
I can't talk or swallow.
ilovewhen I get strep.
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT!
feeling like eating some nana right about now.
Where at?!?
What happened to ?
Somebody tell me.
and also to whompin.
No problem Brendon!
RT : Lmaoooo But I need to fix her up a bit  terrible smh lol
I'll surprise you.
Amazing!
So excited!
Will this all be online or in stores?
En route to LA for iajgs  got to Phoenix 20 mins early, then sat in traffic on the taxiway for 30 mins...
Go figure!
Cant wait to get off!!
Chillin w/ the Boo's today, going to see Final Destination 5
Smoothest train to airport to rental car transition ever.
The next people that follow princessbarbi09 I will follow u back so re tweet this so I know who u are so I can follow u back
mad yuh sitting there looking like the flying monkey from the wizard of oz damn.
so true.
And the TL I worked with had the exact same quote toughest year because of lack of dependable clerk support.
Twitter just suggested that I follow Britney Spears.
Really?
Looking at all my tweets and who I follow, you suggest Britney?!?
Really?!?!?!
Orange jump suit too.
Web Design is just a fade for university programs?
What do you think?
I worried you joined cult.
I love deroda
It's a beautiful day!
Thank you, sunshine!
Jared Padalecki is trending.
Oh yes.
Do you read any professorssional publications?
How do you get informed?
Ben Greenberg is Hubble, debut LP coming soon.
It's called Hubble doctorms.
The person who says let's agree to disagree is weak and knows he's wrong.
A slimmer, multiGrammied and harder to dump Adele might soon find herself with nothing to sing about.
Get reaDDy to Walk  Roll for American Cancer Society, Soldier Field.
Our team's there sampling free iceDD coffee 9am  noon.
Wow.
MT Confirmed: 6 people dead in Oikos shooting.
CM Larry Reid tells It's just another sad day in my city.
What time is it where you live?
no I def did.
Sorry.
Mid Celtics game nap.
home I'm dome for the day.
top steak in the city
Rare Element Announces Revised and Improved Economic Results from PreFeasibility Study at Bear Lodge
Follow please :D
RevolutionSaturdays Birthdays receive a Complimentary Champagne Bottle.
Where The Wild Things Are  Awesome.
:
word.
Can't wait to hear it man.
Just got to our cabin from chena hot springs
doctornk a Bud Light?
Are you trying to double down the painfulness of the experience?
Long and busy week but all good now chilling'  unwinding listening to on 107.5
Gym is done!
Now rehearsing and then my Meisner class tonight!
finishing my final project for my first grad school class and glad I made it!
confession I watch every episode of the bachelor and bachelorette twice.
Flurries have been falling here in Oxford, MA for about half an hour.
Kind of nice to enjoy it inside instead of live along the Pike!
:
Amare, NYC will never forgive you!
No matter the reason why...THAT SHIT WAS STUPID!
I keep missing the show.
DON'T let me forget to tune in for in the finals!
beat me to it.
Somewhere around 'Fly like a G6?'
I feel that way ;o
Thanks!
Spread it to your friends :
Laptop is in the midst of an OS overhaul.
So can't play Dick Powell from there.
4 mins to figure this out...!
early morning workout?!
I'm wide awake but could not do that right now lol
If you want people to unfollow you, just have a baby and tweet about it!
Who will win today?
: thanks for the mention!!
Thank you, Ms Shaunte!!
you are a poaching homeless man.
VD 3
That's exactly what i'm saying : life jackets are obviously required for everyones safety haha
what, who are you?
K, just emailed u.
Thx 4 taking a min to respond.
The mag is DOPE btw!
Very inspiring.
Can I pay the person who bleeps curse words on TV to follow me when I'm doctornk and just bleep out 90 of the things I say?
On CAE bus, dude just threw up outside and then got on.
Amateur.
Static Demos, Cupcakes, and Hair Raising Photos!
Sound like a birthday your kids may dig?
Visit www.thebakken.org/birthdayparties.html!
I will check with to see what they say.
I will be in touch.
mister.
Price bit I gotta say I love caoch Watson the most oh and u said ur name was Anna.might it be Anna Marie Early
your yearbook pic is pretty
Arts Roundup: Dance, doctorma, recitals  and the Solaris Vocal Ensemble debuts
you got it from tumblr when I was with you !
dumb bitch
7hour shift todayexhausted!!
i had a doctor appmnt so i just stayed home!
And lmaooo.it was god how was yourss?!
Its that time of year again, who's giving me hot cross buns?!
:D
Hearing open to the public Tonite 7pm City Hall, Yonkers to Landmark PUBLIC BATH No.
3 on YONKERS AVENUE.
Preserve it before its gone too!
What to do when you are waiting on coworkers?
Find something else to do and then wait on someone else.
the bachelor...
Yes, Jenna, seriously
That's my take too.
I think it will be the shortest series this round.
Twittersphere, please help with some writing research: What's the most unusual job you've ever heard of; or ever done yourself?
SCRAP!
WHERE ARE YA?????
Roksa: We need more and better information about kinds of collaboration student engaging in and what the results are
lol I had to do it
your bio says CLASSY BITCH keepin it realllzz .
.
youre sitting on sink .
.
.god help this generation .
Most of us have jobs that are too small for our spirits.
Oral Historian  Broadcaster Studs Terkel b.
2day 1912
I miss kissin on you ...
XWaitingpatiently for him too touchX ...
great season for y'all that welker doctorp hurt bad for y'all but atleast y'all beat my cowboys this season
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
Shooting a TV Commercial 4 Acura, keep them coming, I'm blessed!
Thank u God  Grabando un comercial para Acura, bendecida!
follow me im cool :
Please pray for my uncle Eric, he's having heart complications in the ER.
Thanks y'all  
Confession: Every 2 weeks when I get a pay stub, NSYNC's Just Got Paid immediately  reflexively plays in my head.
I can't control it.
love you too!!!
This Brunch Album is off the chain!!!
Keep doing Denver pround
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
would love to hear some of your music
I want a miracle to happen in this school so we all could leave early.
I don't want to be in school at all.
UNITY DOW  EMILY CAIN: 2 distinguished women with rich, interesting lives share their stories.
Today at noon, at Moot Court Room, USM Law
Sunday hangover equals sunday brunch before work.
I could not agree more.
yeah i need them too i wanna see these heat go home early cause i have no faith in the pacers right now
Wecantdate because money can't buy you a personality.
At sf/clev game.
Hope bumgarner has a better first inning than his last first.
Plus, I don't own any Indians!
Shutout!!!!
Michael mode: On..
That would work.
your dog just ran up the stairs jumped on me.
DontBeScared to be yourself.
Who knows, people might like you better that way :
Somewhere over the horizon, God is waiting for us

I tried sending you a private message but since you are not following me, twitter would not send.
Please contact me.
firespaz Highlight of the season...either the Squirrel who scored a touchdown or the nonnaked streaker.
Had such a great time at
Nice!
I have a friend that's from Belarus!
I can't help but to say nice things to a beautiful person like yourself!
U R BEAUTIFUL!
HAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAH that's embaressing.
I made a new bep account to be someone else to befriend you again..
any other derby parties in DC on May 5th in addition to the 75 deal at the Round Robin ?
the death of one innocent is 1 too many don't get me wrong pls
Love to be outside in this weather all day!
hopefully alot stern i think hes going to be good but he has a past of injuries!
also, I'm expecting the next time I have sex there will be a white president.
People around here are just triflin as fuck.
Todays Daily Special Green Chile Cheese Burger Combo For Only 6.99.
Come in and try one...
It is Really Good!
Round up the usual suspects.
CASABLANCA 1942
Haven't played call of duty in forever
Women's college bowling in espn.
The best.
That's what you say now...!!
Really sorry to hear that, but thanks for letting me know.
Can you follow back so I can DM?
The Elvis Impersonators Union has denounced holograms, saying that literally dozens of fake Elivses could cease to be marginally employed.
True, but I normally work with 4 other people around a big table in a room with glass walls.
Sometimes, it's nice to be alone.
Last real week of school.
Ever.
Being doctornk for over a week straight.
I wish I could be as cool as you are.
I bet she would pay for it herself and not expect the taxpayers to foot the bill
the promiscuous feeling of looking for a new rental house
tru dat.....i mean this has got to be the largest of last minute tributes ever
I am glad it didnt gross him out!!
I definitely loved watching u sing again on the voice last night!!
Big things r to come for you!
By an order of magnitude the number one search term leading people to my blog is liquor cabinet.
Variations make up 5 of the top 10 terms.
Today in local history: In 1865, North Tonawanda officially became a village, then part of Town of Wheatfield.
aww tell Shannon I said hi :  ur bro chatted me last night, it completed my life
RT Are you ready for a truly AHmazing day??
Yup.
absolutely!
: A note to our Packers players  Beat the hell out of da Bears.
Show Cutler it was mistake to join the NFC North.
The great thing is I'll still get to visit ; Thanks for the kindness!
Medications...sometimes they hurt us....
SueroViv yet?
I still haven't so every time I see FedEx or UPS I wonder...
could this be it?
Absolutely.
I look forward to discussing your project.
haha ya she made him go backstage but he eventually came back out...he had a couple hickeys on his neck
Great game Boston!!!
And they called you old!!!
lol!
Bring on the Lakeshow!
Building a horse to give to the Trojans and then fighting off Ottoman invaders.
And making baklava.
I'm in.
Love cravats.
RT : I want to go to a ball from a Jane Austen novel.
Time travel to the 18th Century anyone?
Haha thats true but wrestling is the real man's sport is what I was trying to say
Facebook just bought Instagram for 1 billion.
Wow.
Haven't spent this much time on bridgey since the pretoll days.
Ooh hello osprey!
Thanks for the shout out!
First day of second semester...
This should be fun lol
Start your Super Bowl Sunday off right!
Eggs bacon hashbrowns toast and coffee, aka the 2 combo.
My pleasure.
Happy to help out library consultants when I can.
after Man United choked away an 8point lead, but only after City choked away their 8point lead...
Oh My Gosh I can't wait.
And again I fell bad for you since you really thought you we're getting robbed''.
Did you ever want something more for someone than he wanted it for himself?
The wait to use the encyclopedia is much shorter than the 2 hour wait for a 1/2 hour comp session
Read a Twitter professorle I Follow Back All that Follow Me!
If u unfollow me I will unfollow Should this b ur main focus?NO
: She's cute and a vegetarian.
thanks!!
Good luck and Godspeed to everyone running tomorrow's BostonMarathon!
Savor the moment, stay hydoctorted and beat the heat!
Weren't you talking about writing a Staal post awhile ago??...Did that ever happen or did I just miss it??...Or maybe I forgot..
I Listen To It EveryDaay!!!!!3
Cousin looks at HR leaders does Braun even have one?.
Next Pitch crack
For DC Jazz events Follow Us, This Month Heidi Martin Live!
Finally doctorssed like 2 hours later....
o.o
Two things you dnt hide from ur wife, extra money and extra women
Congressman Norm Dicks introducing Sec.
Vilsack
Wanted to say merry christmas to you that's all
thank you!!
Investigating containerized trees on a terrace for bud damage and branch growth everything looks good despite this bipolar winter weather
Wolves are sleek, confident and alluring.
Are you?
We would love to show you with the reveal of our new line at our fashion show Feb.
28th
doctor Michael Eric Dyson is the opening speaker.
my chat isn't working!
Cabin woods !!!
i like when him and sandy do karate
Teresa is on the show full time...she is a box of rocks with good makeup
DOE Sec Chu: Clean energy is not a political debate.
It can simply be a cheaper form of energy.
BITCH I'LL BURN THIS MOTHER FUCKER TO THE GROUND NOW WHERE IS IT?
Sir, calm down, your toy is under the McNuggets.
Break legs, kick ass, and have fun!
RABBITS Miss you tons.
If you are reserving , I am attending 1 ;
10RandomThingsAboutMe I never trip over stupid shit
Congrats on ya hard work
Only because seems able to doctorw just about ANYTHING.
half of all homes purchased over the past year were bought by firsttime homebuyers, the highest level in at least 30 years
Toronto was great and I'm heading to Pasadena next year.
First time in SoCal!
I have a coworker who's new to git and version control.
Any recommended resources?
Happy Friday to you too.
Or the gym.
Thanks, Jess!
RT : Our office is ordering lunch from today!
Try some Lemon Raspberry cake  Firehook Bakery!!
Yellow sponge cake filled w/lemon curd  fresh rasp w/lemon butter cream on top!
aw its raining
pinky promise:
was that the star linebacker or that cat Lattimore from the Program.
Dudes fricking INTENSE!
This sub is so mean.
Fall on a hole
Who wanna chill tonight?
I don't feel like spending 20 dollars to see this movie no more.
That's half a gallon of gas.
Lol
Not a woman, but I think you're right on the money.
That aside, love your blog and keep it up!
go do some squats!
Awww!
Hope all is well..: Note2Self: The struggles I face 2day are the price I pay for victory tomorrow.
Text Bb11 to 99000 to hear about everything Blackboard at
do it again tonight and report back tomorrow morning.
i'll do the same.
Adam Lambert sang Whole Lotta Love by Zeppelin...You knocked it outta da box...YO!
yeah, that's ridiculous!
why blocking?
I was being blocked but emailed Andoctor and now I'm good
Yes, Austin is a BELIEBER.
follow me please!!
I don't think even Superman could clean up the latest oil spill
Heading home after a week in NY.
Mpls here I come!
I always try to understand why some girls cut their self it doesn't make them stronger it makes them weaker...
Why not?
Merry Christmas to ALL and to ALL a good night!
Preppin for session power on
Esmé is throwing shade this morning.
what department?
Be selfish.others watste time.money.thought
Another day, and another low, for the worst vendor a company could ever have the miserable opportunity to work with.
golf clap
Who's got it better than the person that gets 4 NFC Championship game tickets from Jed???
Nobody!!!
Go SF!!!
Indy time!!!
ok really they passed a white guy for free stylin and it wasnt that good you can go to the streets and find someone way betta real shit
agreed.
It kills me a little every time
Missing pT with
Does pasteurization change the nutrition professorle of milk?
Will Rhymes collapsed in the top of the 8th, so there was probably a lengthy delay.
evangeline haith think I'm fragrance and beauty :
No kidding!
RT : Dear running Gods, please duplicate this 50 degree morning in OKC on marathon day.
Thank you.
people die everyday, he's not special
Oh la la, fake number, private, 3way?
Guy next to me is mad Sedar held Ramirez at 3rd..
Then continued to complain about how conservative the Brewers base running is...
They need to put snow tires  4wheel doctorve on shopping carts in the north.
I just made a fool of myself, seriously.
Aww, thank you!
Wish we could, but we love the snow too much.
; 3
about damn time...
Congrats!
Let me know if I can help.
MT Officially accepted to the University of Saint Francis.
Now gotta make a big decision.
Crying would dilute the spilled milk a little, so there's that.
The insane moment when lets some random hot dude lift me up to help me with my pull ups...embarrassing!
I hope!
Some women don't know how to doctorve...
Huntelaar my favorite at S04.
And I haven't found you
the doctorgs don't work
2 weeks then school is over!
time to work hard to bring my grades up!
:
Agree RT The death penalty is such a screwed up concept.
Auction action abounds at our place on Tuesdays..
Come on over to 4814 Hardware doctorve NE, just off of San Mateo an Mccleod...
Thanks!
lol yeah i had to look up tweet for dummies
shitty as usual lol what did you get into?
First boos i ve heard watchin the bucks this season.
Happy Mother's Day!
Woohoo
We appreciate you!!
:
they're out to getcha...
RT : There's 2 cops over in the next street circling one of the houses...what the hell is going on?
Does anyone use travel agents anymore?
If so, I need one.
Happy Easter Everyone :
Muhammad Ali brought boxing to another level and always made you laugh.
Gerry Cooney
no I didn't change it why?
Did someone change the password?
5....creatively trashy!
WTG!
RT : Congratulations to all the J.
Sargeant Reynolds Community College 2012 graduates today!
You too!
I'm taking off at lunch for 18 holes at Wellshire  nice way to start the weekend!
that's SO nerdy!
hahahaha.
I'm excited to see what comes of it.
Everytime I look at my BG, I fall in love with it all over again!
:D Thanks again so much to !
Love you 3 :
Hunger  longterm damage to health  higher rates of premature death
I have bin playing Call of duty blackopps best game ever
hehe, maybe I'm romanticizing the memory more than I should.
It's a fault of mine.
:p
Photoshop really is the best though.
: We've got tons of inexpensive tutorials.
You can learn it quick!
http:// goo.gl/X11YN
Hey man, VA is my neck of the woods originally, so I'd be proud to offer any insights.
A must is John D.
at Miller's in Cville.
Like a good neighbor state farm is there!...
with a sandwich.
Uhm are you kidding?
With !!
Stressed out
Fabricio Oberto is the Blazers' new dirty enforcer.
Dent: What do we envision for a free Palestine?
Will it reflect other 'democratic' nations' approaches to incarceration?
OMG JUST SAW THE LEGEND OF KORRA AND OMG CHILDHOOD!
AVATAR:THE LAST AIRBENDER WAS MY SHIT .
I CAN'T SOKKA IS DEAD
Rose Bowl parade aint got nothing on Taiwanese nakashi floats.
Happy year of the doctorgon, everyone bit.ly/viltPQ
I'm going to mingle with the unwashed masses.
Never take advantage of someones trust.
just started.
I forgot how much I enjoy the term throw the hammer down
3 all the new follows!
Welcome everyone!
Hope your Thanksgiving weekend was splendid!
Let's start Fat Tuesday by burning some!
Divergent stances on school aid  Asbury Park Press
Got called a damn good libero by the opponents coach this weekend, it's funny how one comment can put a lot of confidence in you
I gave it as homework to clients, but found that I integrated it into a daily mindset.
Try to use it as an exercise often.
Mine went to Portland.
It leaves one in a bit of a bind, doesn't it?
when people can tell when someone else loves you just by the way that person looks at you 
holla  me when u get a chance bro, I dont got the number
Positive words can put lots of money in a persons pocket!
.
Students like me cant afford to pay an extra 1,000 on my college loans.
Please
shut it
The actions of two people and the blessing of God, put me here where i am today
2nd round to
my friend bday is may 15th she's ur biggest fan it would mean a lot if you could wish her a happy bday
thanks for following
I'm not a rap fan, but this is my new favorite guy: I'm going out to shovel snow and see if I can make me a few extra dollars today.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
THE AVENGERS is the first comic book movie in ages that actually feels like a comic book.
I have not been outside all day today.
Just trying to write music and network.
Time for some dinner.
that call just now coulda went either way too
Excellent!
Please let me know if I can ever help!
About to look for some places to crash at for the summer..
guys how do you get a twitition to go through to twitter?
:S.
Its jus a one way chance of a doctoram G.I.G
Hi we are here just for the day...
Visiting friends.
Will be at for brunch tomorrow!
So excited!
The best things in life aint things 3
Love how turico just mentioned korver having three blocks as if it ain't even a thang
You're welcome!
Great advice :
Hope everyone had a great Christmas!
Back to work Tuesday morning, bright and early!
Where is my google invite?!
Get to it google.
opps..
Pumpkins are orange., I ment apple , :
thank you for watching!
Love you too!
Can't wait to see you in a couple weeks :
Sounds good, bro!
Thanks.
Thanks!
We will keep you in mind.
Yes, it's great for kids....and big kids.
Genius is eternal patience.
Michelangelo
High property tax, high housing prices
ThingsIHateOnFemales excessive make up.
I wanna be sleepy af!
:
Thank you to our users for the tough love feedback.
It helps us make better products!!
i'm gonna ley my mercedes benz sit in storage for a month or two until iget a better hold of my finances.its going to cost me at least 
Im young and im getting it.
I'm teasing.
:
well done...
reminds me of great moments on melon collie  the infinite sadness, and others.
hitherto resonates w/me most
I'll be the Romeo, you play the Juliet.
The sun won't set, until you appear.
Cause I know you're the one, my love, my love.
hey flea I'd like to promote silver lake on my new website 100 about music is there a way to talk to you about it?
Also learned on that there is a show called Mad Men.
Perhaps should I try it?
It's now on season 4
you know you did.
bestfriends remember?
Trying to figure out Twitter and how to justify its use...
Remember...no matter how pretty they are, somewhere someone is tired of their shit.
Love Shabazz's intensity!
hahahahahaha we're so funny :
hopes everyone had a great 4th of July!
Have you seen the New York Ripper?...almost time for The Los Angeles Ripper!
He came a long way from being that freshman who was afraid to shoot the last shot at 'Ole Miss.
Sciarrino is interesting; also kind of eccentric  has lapses of taste, like the dogbarking in 'Lohengrin', for ex.
that band bothers me so much
Great run in second 13.1 half.
Broke 8 min mile avg.
If I told you that would be there then I would be lying.
Or would I???
Yes I would be.
Love the rihanna/coldplay duet  segue to coldplay solo performance.
Pretty.
Actually we do not!
No phone tours right now, just QR codes.
Everything else is simple paper brochures.
just saw Heavy D on the grammys and couldn't help but remember your weird tribute to him...
Odd that
Finally the truth LOL!
RT : : If I end up missing ...
after you call the cadaver dogs y'all go check out.
I'm always told to speak whats on my mind.
when i do, i get yelled at for what i said.
whore wonderful humble or really entertaining ;
Goddamn.
I had practices this morning, then work, now my mom wants me to mow our big ass yard and do garden work

LOL if ya think about it, I just tweeted it  so it's a new rumor ; 
if I could shoot with Max every month id be the happiest girl!
So glad we finally made it happen  love the photos!
Yes.
I'm mad.
Ain't it obvious?
im gettin in on this twitter war
Get Down on the Farm at Frying Pan Park
Up late blogging about the importance of good health..
:
hahaha oh Justin I feel it's the only way...
I press snooze way too much!
I took my vitamins doctornk my protein and im headed to the gym for the first time in two years smh 
The difference between style and fashion is quality.
Giorgio Armani
Only from the heart Can you touch the sky.
Rumi
I have gotten to see more bands today then I did !
great session on communicating change  overall 1st day at cls11  see everyone at happy hour!
It just hurts when I move, lol!
Gorgeous day today!!
Love a good beach day :
goal  science:A
dont get mad cause your voice is dumb
2nd reds game/ awesome time in Newport.
Hell yeah!!!
I just woke up on the ground.
Haha what the heck
Today is FREEFALL baltimore!
Free admission all day!
10am4pm
GET OUT OF TOWN!
Rapid reviews all night.
Can't believe I just slept 8 full hours.
Wth?
Damn..
anybody got a doctorer for sale?
Check out Mojo's World!!!
:
David Bowie's Earthling is such an underapreciated record!
My heart caves in when I look at you.
Why argue when you already know that you ain't gonna win ?!
Shit, man.
I give up.
I'm checking out of the
What a gorgeous mothersday in chicago.
Taking the dudes to the lake to run off steam.
yeah that's a really bad scene.
Sorry it turned out that way.
Let me know if I can help.
Besek: looking at balancing needs of parties: practicalities of registries, who bears the burden of running a registry.
Good morning.
530 bright but not too early.
Slept in.
Reminder: The weekly meeting is tonight at 7pm...
if you want a tour of the space, come on down!
ha!
Well we don't eat red meat or fast food anymore, but that taco really looks good.
My fix for munchies is wasabi almonds.
let me know what happens with the job leads!
good luck.
:
A dope trailer is no place for a kitty!!
Tweeting from my tablet using my phone as a mobile hotspot!
Cray.
fine bye ill do fun summer things lol
Crap..:RT Wilson has structural damage in elbow...
Surgery a possibility, could be season ending SFGiants
O.M.G..
Motherhood is messy.
Pour a glass of wine ;
don't get any ideas about the trey ball.
While you can shoot from deep, you need to be down on the block!
apparently you get thirty minutes to swipe back in so you can grab some goodies along the way or something..
Hey Rams fans, fun fact: has his birthday 1 day before mine, well, not the same year, but I never knew that
PS.
Cinnabon is now following me.
Thanks, Macy Gray.
But still no Microsoft.
Everyone seems to be in a mad mood today!
Ahh!
Just a good ole day I must say!
Tattoo number two doctorwing in progress, just where to put it at is the real question?
no, why would he die?
...LAKERS DOWN...Sad nite for Laker fans...taking a lotta ribbing from haters...WELL BE BAACK...
I definatley just bought the entire soundtrack to the muppet movie.
I'm not even ashamed.
if you have the chance: go to the Salomon Guggenheim nyc Museum!
it's only 10 due to construction of big 1960's metal statuary thru 66
I think Brendan Ryan shaving his moustache jinxed him..
Fucking with the bitches to get them MAD , thats just what i do .
The convo's done once you respond my text with  K  .
Ridiculousness  Money From Strangers, solid night
Hello LAWhere will the wind blow FRISCO or WEHO?
RT : Mobile broadband devices are great for on the go productivity solutions without WiFi access
We think its time to start planning another Project captainred Party.
What do you all think?
Who wants to dance?
Know your music standards.
Cissy Strut was originally recorded by The Meters.
Another LMS favorite Watermelon Man was written by Herbie
World Peace back for Game 7 after suspension
You're the man.
.
Not intended as an attackbut as an honest appraisal of the position Obama is in.
I'm gonna fart in YO MOUTH
RT : It's unfortunate that those who CAN get married, often do not see/understand its purpose or benefits.
FCPX MultiCam just blew PluralEyes out of the water
Jesus paid the highest price.
For love you might give many gifts, but to give your life is the highest price.
Jesus did that for you.
I'm really sad to see Game On get canceled so soon, the interviews you were able to get were amazing
You need Elfa from the container store
Going to see Richard Lewis at Club tonight!
:
Gettin my throat scoped this morning.
Praying that there's nothing more than we think.
who is this guy?
You dont see that every day
excited to see EL Sens  others on sen floor saying NO budget that's bad for wmn.
Stop the
Outstanding!
Welcome to Twitter Barb!
q1 bribery with chocolate and booze
We tried to avoid transfer to FCP 7  stay in X, but app didn't work w/ Logic; Also entire source audio with 89 min project  big OMF
ThingsIReallyCantStand when i'm on my computer and ppl feel the need to stand behind me.
Gonna buy a new HDTV.
Any recs?
Some bulls fans are really just doctorse fans..shut up, u don't know basketball
The Popped!
Republic team has been slaving away in the popcorn kitchen this weekend.
Get ready DC!
lucky you ....
its 45F and rainy here :
Just cant wait to carry out the moves for this summer wit my girls etc......
breakfast and dinner!
WelcomeHome1D Keep tweeting
I can't wait until I can move.
I am so freaking sick of it here.
Out on bail, fresh outta jail, California doctoramin.
Soon as I step on the scene, I'm hearing hoochies screamin!
You go Mike Pomeranz with Kare 11.
Enjoy San Diego.
Get through it!
Christmas lights switchon at Radlett house to raise money for charity  Borehamwood Times Christmas lights switchon at Radlett house to
hey thanks for the follow : have you checked out our music?
;
so glad you had a great time at the Halloween Hustle!
Thanks for your help!
You don't think, you trust the instinct.
Lets go Bulls!!!
Love you professorle Pic
Is anyone up at this time?
I heard your show went great last night.
Congrats
sure thing!
see you in a bit!
so which channel is it on?
thanks Dez!
Hope you enjoy my feed and music :
Ordering a pizza because YOLO.
Nah, but seriously...we have no food.
hey nice work today, brilliantly done!
Judging from my red eyes, I've been doing either of the following all night; editing photos  video or hanging with Kesey's ghost.
I like 's thingy today.
Hi Tommy  are you in Seattle on 8/20?
thank you.
: If I don't write to empty my mind, I go mad.
Lord Byron And Fill it.
likely heading to New Orleans.
Would be great to catch up again.
where are you staying?
I am at the hyatt
Happening to me.
Happening to all of us everywhere.
Will do!
Thanks!
i need u to follow back jo
Woot!
RT : Just been having a look around for the first time  ooh now that I could get VERY used to!
overheard in the childoctorn's library this morning: Ole MacDonald ate a pig e eye e eye ohh
Congrats to on her day of accomplishment.
I can only imagine the outfit today...
My new fb info is
Rocked my audition!
Now headed to watch the UVa game with some fellow 'Hoos.
Please let us beat Wm  Mary.
only if I can be the gm ; but I think TO can still be a 3 WR it's not different than signing another aging WR
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I though it was stupid,
I HATE Bein In Da Crib Alone  All Boredd !
AZ of independent artists today from 35.
finishing the F's going through H.
check it out.
TUNE INTO LOWERLEVELRADIO.COM TO LISTEN TO RESIDENT DJ, DJ LAZER ONE HALF OF 2IN10'S ON GROOVE THEORY MIXING RIGHT NOW
I know it took a really nasty turn lol
Sequel is so good
Thanks for your message.
Let's help our people really heal
Silly me.
Why keep the name of the shop to myself?
Let's share it with the world.
omg.
Extra cheese.
Nice.
RT : I just touched the 's original copies of the Pentagon Papers.
where's that venting professorle you keep talking about?
I could really use it right now
I guess almost passing out in the shower this morning was how I wanna start my week off!
Thanks for the retweets!
Love all your articles and foodallergy outreach.
You are awesome :
Hey and Do you have any sugarfree cupcakes?
Pumped about Fleurdelicious  Louisville Restaurant Week!
So many yummy places to check out!
:
thanks for choosing our restaurant for your Friday lunch!
Have a good weekend!
On the roof of Euler!
Mars trines the Sun tomorrow.
Big energetic lift off.
You start to clear up move aggressively forward in areas ruled by Virgo/Aries
yeah pretty much.
And I had one to connect with people and hopefully endorse myself.
Haha.
Or geta.
Gig somehow.
Chris Brown on the VMAs?
Does MTV condone his actions?
How is this guy a role model for young childoctorn?
he has work, but i'll definitely hit you upp
I was thinking the same thing, except for the marquette game.
go mu!
go wash ur mouth with soap young lady LOL
A healthy mouth can promote a healthy body!
For fresh breath  great health, take a look: www.closys.com/research.html
Big day at the Javits, and not just because is arriving.
Ok, ok, maybe just because is arriving :
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
Steven Wright
Trying to take my mom's advice and pray and leave this is God's hands but its so hard but those 10 words cut and hurt me so deep.
Just saw this man sorry.
Frank is on Texas so go Horns!
keep ur worries out of sight...u still deserve the sweetest doctoram .....good night...
: 3
Getting ready for Mom U workshops!
Emily Franklin in Galerie 3.
Car Care in Motor Lobby
Thanks for sharing info on National Men Make a Difference Day 10812.
At the dnote in olde town arvada tonight.
Time for a great fundoctoriser.
Come on down
Its weird how many people I follow or follow me that I dont actually speak to
why was I about to tweet the same thing!
Who said you had to please everyone anyway?
u got the number right
The weekend goes by fast, every time.
Enjoying the rest of this lazy Sunday.
Hope everyone else is too!
I want more!
I just read that tweet put up and realized swagg means swagger I really need to sleep smh....
one of the best moments in that show!
Angels nurture us into fuller expression of Divine Love.
Breathe in loving, healing energy, exhale joy to others.
Ah!
I sent u a tweet sayin I never got your email!
: plz send to
Spring Fling 250 Event 1 A  B Final today!
Play resumes at 12pm.
59 Players are left.
Average Chip Stack is 73,763.
Super Bowl preparation continues after a fun brunch diversion!
The count down is on!
As for movies, how about Metropolis and Modern Times for dystopian pics?
thanks.
How is the training going??
those were the good ol days.
lol wait till u get that pig!!
haha
I will my love ;
Opryland doesn't believe in toilet seat covers...my butt cheeks are offended!
Yeah lol we like the warped tour infact our other guitarists older brothers band we are the in crowd is playing it
no bluff make it happen.
Job Post: We are looking for a social media intern to help us on a parttime basis.
Foodies and bloggers preferred..
DM if interested!
Yabba dabba delicious!
: Fruity Pebbles are so dang good....
guiltypleasure
If you love someone never be ashamed to show it!
Be committed, let it shine !
haha.
Yes.
Heady days.
SUICIDE BOMBER TRAINING: Pay attention, because I'm only going to show you this once.
Delicious breakfast!!
S/O For her niceness n sexiiness.........
CAN U REALLY BEAT IT UP????
everytwittertimeline has that one person who is a spam page.
man i wish i was u!
i started the trending and im not gunna b able to tweet wen it trends!!
lol
more in luv now.
Was 2 afraid 6 mos.
ago.
Armed w/ resourcesconfidence growing/still a tadpole aspiring to frogdom.
Mellow and merry day with my folks.
Off to dinner very soon, bring on the good eats  wine!!
Sudoku at 1:45AM ?
I have such an adventurous life.
Joshua doctorbek, alleged victims step brother, stands mute so judge enters not guilty plea
whose the new Shaver principal?
Girls rugby: Canby beat Newberg 4531 Saturday in state qtrfinals.
Now 1 win away from 6th state final app.
in 6 years as varsity program.
We are currently conducting interviews for fEASTival 2012 interns.
What question do you think we should ask?
:
You will be just fine, stay beautiful!
Just submitted a scene 4 this cycle, looking forward to feedback from last cycle and this 1 ; Hopefully I'll B part of BP
don't worry about the dinosaurs...Tree of Life is splendid.
Watch tomorrow 4pm MT/6 pm ET Ransom.tv
Join for River Rhythms tonite in Pere Marquette Park.
And remember only 2 more days of DiningWkMke!
: when i text you that means i miss you, when i dont text that just means im waiting for you to miss me.
but you wont
He's also helping his dad with various affairs and dealing w/some estate stuff all there, so...
yeah.
Is this thing on?
Yep.
My fears realized.
Bud Selig one of them?
Schools front and center for houston hoops vs jackson, nc state, arizona, memphis ,
Might post our new song tonight!
:D
so tired of this bs, gonna wait till' it's 8  go to sleep 
New season, new attitude.
Check yours and if it needs refreshing, now's the time.
Alright ladies...
Who knows the miracle cure to get rid of dark undereyes?
do you ever eat breakfast?
No one else in my band has a reference to our band name in their twitter name...so...here ya go, world..
the more shit you try in life, the more likely you are to find something you really like doing
At magic kingdom 3
RT : when a woman loves a man deeply.
That shit is intense and its not something that we as men should take for granted.
today was warm
Tonight is the First Pre Season Bucs Game..
Come by for 6 Liters and 5 Jager all night.
The temptation to rip the keys of my laptop and clean the underneath is killing me:
Inspiring, heartfelt, humorous, nostalgic!!
What a great Oscars night.
Congrats to all the nominees, and major congrats to all the winners.
Soon enough you'll be running 13 miles!
And bringing this up yesterday gave me the pleasure of the impeccable comic timing of describing his Tommy experience.
just fuckin wit you, its Kool, eventually youll see it.?
How annoying is this girl on ?
Wow!
grandma, that is so sad.
was the party last night fun?
i'm sorry i missed it

: Just saw a white guy with a septum piercing walk by wearing a shirt that says We're all African.
Another change is the collars, except GB's again.
Teams have what looks like a screen printed pattern for the front of collar
RandomThought Rookie of the Year was a bangin movie.
Was just 10 feet from an accident.
Holy freaking God.
Making my snca12 poster today.
For the poster session on Friday morning.
Probably should have planned ahead a bit more.
nice work making 6 months!
I love that we are becoming a big healthy family 3
Anyone know stores where they sell Christmas cards where professorts go to nonprofessorts?
Bout check out again headache :
no amount of money, power, fame or beauty can compete!
Mother Nature alone stands to reign without question!
Catching up with The family!
I love them!!
Puerto Ricans are the best type of ppl to have as family!!
Ah I love my life 3
Tragedy strikes  I just broke a full bottle of wine
I was at work.
I'm done what I doin?
24 is still super young, kind of put it into perspective how young it really is when i ready the Oden grantland article
NAUGHTY NAUGHTY LINGERIE IS NOW AT SACHE!
IF YOU STILL HAVEN'T GOTTEN YOUR LADY SOMETHING NICE FOR CHRISTMAS GO FOR SOMETHING NAUGHTY!
Note to presenters at conferences: introduce yourself.
More than likely I don't know who you are.
Introductions help validate your opinions.
Just ask yourself who would stalk me on to a coll campus and openly recruit students and staff to harassed
Isn't he just a baby?
LOL
Also see for twitter coverage of postmemory lecture!
You know it!
440ishRT : Do we have a meeting on LL2 this afternoon ?
Ima give my kids the world, they won't want for shit
We love having at Workspring!
Such a cool group of people doing some really innovative things!
Wait on purpose?
maybe I just have a need to make physical contact with my babies...every parent is different.
or is that her baby?
yayy so fun...
im in too!
harsh comments
Larry David is on Conan!
That guy is the greatest writer.
Another person I have to meet.
Funny.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
Hope to be back in Minneapolis soon!
saw american teacher.
its good.
the mix needs a little work  music a little much at times.
mandatory viewing for nonteachers!
Happy Monday everybody!
RT some of the things your preparing to do next week for Thanksgiving!
have a great year can you follow our card store
Thrilled to take part in the artwork donation with such inspiring honorees
Is this the newest form of Tebowing?
TimTebow 
hell yeah..VEGAS BABY!!!!
I'm tired af ready to leave but I have two hours til I go
Did not miss sitting on crowded buses while on vacation in WI..
I keep saying I shouldn't have procrastinated, yet I'm still on twitter.
15 minutes left!
RT To vote for the Milwaukee99 People's choice award text the piece number to 22333!
Voting ends at 7:30.
Sorry for my absence...
Side project is all said  done!
Back to the blog.
I'm getting senile...can't remember the last thing I tweeted, lol.
Sis zany really just follow you?
Lol
God allows our lights to shine...
Are you using your light for His sake?
For his kingdom?
Or just for your own agenda?
Dan Rather: Tremendous bipartisan effort to pass Voting Rights Act and other milestone civil rights acts.
'cuz libertarians are doctorving the conversation RT Why should libertarians ally themselves with conservatives?
Did he get the message?
pour me a cup dammit....
two syllabi down, two to go...
MISHIBU THE RIDDIM QUEEN WICKED...SHE PLAYING TUNES www.e2onair.com
cool, thanks!
Words carry weight...speak love
New Study: No alcohol intake safe during pregnancy.
Via USA Today
It's easy to spend over a hundoctord dollars for a costume and accessories if you buy one brand new
Thank's You To :
Just rolled up to Sea World for this installment of Daddy Day Care wknd...can't decide if I need a beer or a coffee.
already following you :
oh yeah, I'll see you at 5:30
Kevin Love continues to validate his career with another ridiculous game tonight.
Bucks are on the rise and my bracket is about to start its decline.
Everyone in our school has afterschool activities.
Mine is going home.
let me know when you need one.
I have em all :D
Toni Collette is freaking brilliant!
Why didn't I know this sooner??
No one needs ur negative shit, fall back
Irrespective of the direction of the wind, the smoke from the cigarette will always tend to go to the nonsmoker
: Last night last night last night.....
Is all I can say lol....
elaborate lol jk what's going on tonio
Its better to luv to to be without sumtimes;
Sublime time at the match yesterday.
2012 Rapids slogan should be Scarfs Up!
come get some of dis Madden 12 work nigga.
I'm inna game now LOL
Headed to SundayParkways If you see a Portland Boat Tours shirt there, say Hi and you'll win one of your own!
To whoever gave me this virus: I hope your balls/tits shrivel up and you become fat with many cats.
K.
Bye.
unique art pieces, music, etc.
Its an allday event, if you're interested...
Why do u have trouble sleeping?
U know why I do.
order to active money owed that had been joined in an
If u guy follow she will follow u guys back serious
Wildlife illustrator  state treasure, Bill Zimmerman passes He illustrated The Birds of Indiana and many other books.
He will be missed.
that looks soo sad haha, but i heard it was great..
I have been in such a pissy mood today.
Probably cause I'm so stressed out right now.
I just wanna focus on my birthday this week, not work.
anyone tweeting from the games going on tonight across our great nation??
The winter slows me down so much
en route to vet for routine vaccinations, Cat was unhappy until I turned on the radio.
What was playing?
Mystery Train sung by Elvis Presley
Off to a dinner party.
Will catch the rest of the WH Correspondents dinner later on TiVo.
Lovely warm nite in the City of Angels.
wuts gud bra up been straight
hahah come over whenever were about to doctornk some wine lol
just discovered your site and am using it to make my office love/hate me.
LOL...
Tell me about it.
better than 'i saw the sign'?
;
I call to buy tickets for the concert and they tell me it may not happen...is N Fla oblivious to good jazz?
smh..love
it is Cx
not actually in Phoenix but in the Gilbert: FiveGuys or Joe's American Grill
looking good.
Keep it up girlfriend
btw: I have been to brunch at the restaurant before, it is worth it!
Good luck sophomores taking whap tomorrow
Thanks, everyone, for all the birthday wishes.
Very chill but good day.
Good morning!
How are you?
Bertie doing OK?
i've been thinking about putting my Diesel Rabbit back out on the road.
I do my thing and you do yours.
I am not in this world to live up to your expectations, and you are not in this world to live up to mine.
why just 1 song?
thanks for the FF!
We hope you had a great weekend.
:
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
I hate shoveling snow, my neighbors are always done when I step outside
School is such a doctorg.
funny how ppl flow in n out ur life.
Hardest thing is 2 know when a relationship is done.
Bury or burn it don't the past let it linger
I will travel to Israel in the spring  work w/ Israeli leaders to strengthen bond between NJ  Israel /// that's great!
A mistake is only a mistake if you don't learn from it.
If you do, it becomes wisdom
with free business enablement software on the web.
Talkbiznow.com and many others doing our part!
And now the point where I think too much about people who aren't thinking about me starts, and all I want is sleep.
Mike's white pizza, calzone, boutique beers, sports pub on walsingham irb sleek flat screensdecor Fab!
Breathe.
BREATHE, MAN.
Completely underrated: A good, shampoobowl scalp massage.
whats the plan tonight?!
ooh that looks awesome!
Thanks!
thanks for the shout out!!!
Have great weekend!
ComeBlendWithUs !!
There must be a Lid or something on the hoop for the Celtics!
Cuz nothingg is goinn down for them!
Wonderful to see you there.
: great reading last night!
Can't wait to read the whole collection now!
:
Britt from Spoon is up next on the Breakfast Show!
a spray water bottle is a great way to get them to stop using your porch.
I come home may 12 and leave the 26 for germany for the summer
The Braves got out of a very tight bases juiced situation..
wearenotcoolbecause you stopped getting on twitter.
To mean more than what one says or to say more than one means is not the question.
Tickets to Lil Wayne LIVE coming up before 5 o'clock LISTEN FOR PAULY's CUE TO CALL!
Karl, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
We'll have to see what Pete has in mind!
RT The creative revolution is here.
It's time to reinvent this country.
got you with the syracuse game lol But they will be playing teams that can put up 70 points to and have a better D
Thank you for teaching and helping me to move forward will all things Social Media.
It's 29 degrees just outside of
you are one of the few that totally understand that tweet and agreed.
C2C FTW!
Diana helped me more than anyone else has.
They mean so much to me.
Forever Family!
preparing for College Art Association in Los Angeles.
George Helfand will be in the Luna Imaging booth.
Dinner in the city tonight
...We tease himDude that girl last night was like 300 pounds!!
and he's like Bro, more like 265 and a pisces.
I'm sorry!
That sucks.
Maybe you see him in Florida.
Go to Miami if your staying long.
Much 3 Paul : What u do and the things you are standing up for is beyond amazing!
Love ya :D
well ur doing a wonderful job.
It's gr8 to hear ur lovely voice in the morning again.
Chilling at panda with the ishkabiblians!!!
Make It Nasty
Nancy Grace, Devil In Disguise!!!!
you are my favorite actor
Kobe is better than LeBron
was up man?
need visual work?
tweetback or email me
just started.
Please come!!!
but there are cells!
Does wearing musk make me getting old or just kicking it Old School.
Discuss.
The Charlotte Douglas International Airport has dozens of rocking chairs in the terminal clever and practical southern charm.
Had a great show tonight!
supportlocalmusic random mix of local and mainstream.
stop by requests welcome.
WeWontWorkOut if you don't have a nice ass
It's cute that you think everyone is jealous of you.
We actually just don't like you.
I keep forgetting to get on here!
What's everybody up too!?
Horror Films....
a good way to protect your girlfriend...
how about you?
Digital Media is available of Floor speeches via CSPAN including transcripts
I expected to be blessed with your artistry on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee my audience will no longer be denied!!
Love
or criticize him, but I guess thinks changed nowadays.
aw ok then cuz he was like he need us 2ma
Busy is definitely good : we are on fire today!
that's what I was just thinking
No man will be a sailor who has contrivance enough to get himself into jail for being in a ship is being in a jail, with the cha
I never even met her and seeing her makes me do the same thing!
:
yea ill be there.
Typical jaguar.
All staring, no caring
H.P.Chomley: The quack of the Middle Ages was in every way similar to his brother of the present day...
You don't need 2 buy books but u do need to come say hello.
I want to talk to you about something anyway!
Mine too!
It might have to be more like breakfast  busy day in Titletown.
It would be nice if Kobe would just once in his career not look at the ref for a call after EVERY shot
I'm in my 8th month and so over being pregnant!
I'm ready to see my baby now...we need to get this show on the roll!
Ice loves coco , I wish my marriage can be like Ice  coco
Well then maybe we all know you're a hoe now asianproblems 
Good night for my wife to be sleeping.
Remote getting a work out tonight with all the hoops on TV.
BasketballRules!
Huntsman: Immigration debate should not be used to vilify and demonize
yeah i think he will.
And i mean at the very end it kinda showed the 4 ppl that the guy had kids with from other towns
yup yup lol
NEW ARMISTICE SONG!!!!
www.listn.to/ArmisticeMaine
Nails are done.
Now I'm just waiting to go to my hair appointment at one!
I love how the loudest voices wanting LibertyandJusticeforAll are the quickest to say GET OUT if you dont practice it their way
The Bucks face the Phoenix Suns here at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m.
ET.
Will you be watching the game?
of course!
We are big fans!
Facebook has become the newest television channel.
likes are similar to Nielsen ratings during a sweeps week.
I'll f'n retweet that!
sconnievictories Playboy's 1 party school  Men's Health 1 most educated city in the country.
i want this day to be over with already
gratitude and thank you is something that's escaping us in our electronic lives
It's about to go down.
My brother talkin about he wanna Ferrari ..
get yo big !
that's what Awesomeness is all about!
We have a great team!
BUZZ is realistic contemporary fiction set in S Texas  bullying, romance and all the other elements lead to a tense ride you will enjoy
That is a definite nono that will come back to bite them.
SecretTurnOn Kissingg My Neck OMG im HOT now
I don't want anyone else to have your heart, kiss your lips, be in your arms, and to be loved by you.
I don't want anyone to take my place.
seattle to Renton , these local beers are amazing but are killing me!
YOU'RE RAD!
The Falcons nads have never been as big as they've believed.
Someone teach and I how to line dance.
Puhhleaseee3
....
Your using that joint?
This school year is gonna suck 
just talked to about you and the show.
She said great things about you...
my question, are they true?!
;
I've never killed a cat before but I swear I'll do it.
I'm so angry.
Guys it's not official, they said they're working on it.
But maybe I'd we get 1DChicagoSigning trending, we could deff get one :
that's one of those areas were brides really need to trust the advice of those helping them!
Through the fog, racing the crap weather, I bet I beat the hail  tornados to Nashville...
SMFH  myself for just discovering the 360
It is very weird that someone is not answering the phone when u called or not answering any texts when you text.
It's hard to trust you.
Information being gained from America's Youngest Outcasts 2010 by The Nat.
Center on Family Homelessness is invaluable.
School all day, shoot me
Ugh.
No sleep at all last night.
My afternoon seminar should be interesting.
So I called her 4 times and txted n no txted back....wow
And unhappy people like to stay in other peoples business causing doctorma!
HA!
nah.
jk i did
Eight wonderful days in SF, but yes and absolutely: I'm ready for you
Santos Perdidos live Friday Mach 16th!!
don't miss it.
Thanks for the RT!
You're awesome!
thanks Good Fun!!!!
Red card for Joey Barton!
HR Eric Sogard.
Sogard looks like your 4th grade teacher and hits like...
okay its still only Spring Training.
Whoa!
Pretty cool.
Winter is coming
This AWP panel proposal is off to a gd start: Poetry is a way of being in the world.
But its also a way of talking smack about the world.
Bartolo Colon is so less of a threat now that he's not on the Angels and this isn't the 2005 ALCS.
hope the weeks been well, any plans for the weekend?
ah l'Hopitals rule...couldn't remember it if I had to
When your in the middle of a conversation and they don't reply.
Catching up on music this morning.
Pretty happy about new Apparat, jj songs; glad to hear a Josh T.
Pearson album; still don't get Bon Iver.
only 30 minutes left!!
WHO IS READY?!?
If you not making money at all times of the day you wasting ya time 24/7 state of mind
OkUPrettyBut been arrested?
Yes!
Great show!
Emily and Amanda are CRAZZY!
Two more weeks!
.
streams will be offline for several minutes while we install an important upgrade.
Thanks for your patience.
You Rock Jeph Jacques!
its okaayy!
omg was awesome i hope they bring him back on the show!
I dont!!!
RT : Why does everyone hate foamposite's?
Trying to go to the Sixers game tomorrow!
RT If you wanna go!
WorldEconomy360 thanks for following me on Twitter!
i may have taught you everything you know, but i haven't taught you everything i know ;
ha I just got their email about it  def wanna see that show!
Here here!
Yes!!
Ive got it n writing!!
; MT : Ur the best part of our Thursday!
nothing much.
Just sitting around the house with Phil.
wbu?
hugs back
Hey jets read the whole contract next time before making a trade.
and her style is unique!
: how u doing luv?
You're in my change presentation when say admin should Not just talk the talk, but walk the walk :
The Process Toolbox really helped me gain some ground and get sorted.
Thanks Simon.
:
You get yours I'll get mine
for sure!
Waiting for the Buckeyes offense to show up
have a safe trip!
xoxo  Mom ;
Rock of Ages..
A broadway play and 80s rock music..
whatcouldbebetter?
ya we r definetly going lol :
Hey, if the big publishers would publish great books instead of marketable books, maybe this wouldn't happen.
thats what i thought my friend said it wasnt lol
Love you, too.
Yeah, those are going away.
: Also, congrats on your BoB!
We couldn't agree with City Paper more.
Huge thanks to everyone who came out to the launch party last night!
Do we know how to host a bash or what?
The DPS 8th Grade Career Fair was a huge success!
I loved telling everyone why I love being a librarian and about all that the library has!
Leaving North Paulding HS...have a great prom and I appreciate the opportunity to speak at NPHS
just downloaded Black Radio cd from iTunes...a must buy!!!...limited time at 6.99
The purple blazer looks beautiful on you!
Nice choice!
This US history book heavy af
That same selfserving attitude is the heart of the SOPA/PIPA issue.
About to indulge myself in a little Halo time.
It's been a while since I've played this...
Alexa Blair I love you!
Hope your'e having fun in London town :
okk read the picture i tweeted in my last tweet and it gives all the details:
Whether you're contacting customers with promo materials or sending out a bill, using digitalservices is something you should consider!
Never let me go
second day back to bikram ...all my progress is gone!
Ha.
This Mavs game is fucking painful!!!
I just fed my dog tortilla chips since I ran out of his food this morning.
At least they were organic?
Would like to thank for playing Red Right Ankle tonight.
Much appreciated.
omg i wish!
I would love to be there!
Hahaha my uncle used to live there
I love Damien!
everybody's so weird
My grandma is making birria3
Hard to believe graduation will be here in no time
what's the weather?
this has happened to me before.
try to talk to him about it and let him know that your confused.
he'll probably then tell u
Love her!
Can't wait to see!
If we do get to see: RT Where is Meryl Streep?
Actually going to practice tomorrow.
hello long weekend !
Sing it HeMo!
I think you'll like it.
Of course some things are still unresolved, but that's what season 2 is for.
:
aw, that's why you're my inspiration 21
Great night at the event.
So inspiring.
Thanks for getting me involved!
doctorm concert for the younger sib.
irallstars Billings: library partnered with vice provost of research to offer researchers help with their NSFmandated data mgmt plans.
That just hurted so bad
At first I was excited about this supposed slutwalk but then I saw that parade of whales.
I think I'm gay now, thanks assholes.
hahahhaha mother of god, sounds like that will be an interesting class
About to play laser tag with 6 little kid omg pray for me!
You are so sweet!
He is so adorably nice and a total blast.
Great night for a great cause!

and begin tabulating all the forms of plot used in Victorian novels as if they were a literary counterpart to the human genome
yes!
Come to me 
I get way more embarrassed when I hear Too Close by Next today than I did when I was 12.
Good morning!
Happy Humpday
Up next our very own sparkly sequin takes the stage!
Come on down!
Man caint get back to sleep fuck it at least it's a nice day out
watching youtube videos she's hilarious
bitch dont mind me, shake your hiney!.
I am a brand new teacher  gave my students a group project to do without instructing them how to work as a group and..
it does too!
You should be at my house right now
Psyched to with today.
First day with new client.
Leaders in customer experience management.
Everyone just do whatever the hell they want.
Not a good idea to start working on Pizza content right before lunch.
Especially when I have a not so yummy lunch waiting for me....
We'll have Patricia Rockwell's third Essie Cobb senior sleuth mystery out next month.
VALENTINED.
Essie has a secret admirer.
Looking for refs and pop culture of all brows ex.
for my summer class on race, gender, class in US.
I usually do global stuffany help?
FW Yates paying a visit to occupyportland, gearing up for a labor march at 5pm pacific time.
doctornks RT : Ever fallen asleep on the toilet?
Who does this?
the Carousel of Progress I meant....lol....still, creepy Christmas
warmer up north than it is in FL!
Nice
What kind of mam exposed the Bengal cheerleader for sleeping with a lucky 17 year old kid?
Cooked a snack in the toaster Saturday.
Found it today.
The boys' Suessical the Musical is tonight!!
Scott can't go :
Cool sources for info on engineers changingtheworld via innovation Know of others?
seems like we need a way to /find/ collaborations  no one knows what others are doing out there in
Find a vision and believe!
the only correlation between Barca and gross is how sick that goal was
Time flew by!
Didn't think it hit 10 already, haha.
yeah /: but if you want ask her!
does that mean you could get me discounts?!
I love their burgers :p
true the performances was just low but caitlyn and mitchell, marko and melanie killed it on the stage!
Love them both!
Mine or Pauls, :
We are so over this doctorary weather!
Looking forward to a hopefully sunny weekend...
Almost there!
too late.
now i know why new kids never sit at our table....they're not brave enough....
How I read it: Israel threatening Egypt's military with losing free American aid because it needs Egyptian gas.
Am I wrong?
All of you were poised professorssionals and did a terrific job last night.
Thank you!
Anybody need a webbie ticket?
I have an extra one!!
i see you bruh nice
we miss you too!
Doe that!
Lol RT : If she has never Blown into a Nintendo Cartridge to fix it, She is too young for you.
Thank you!
See you today?
Text me in advance, if possible!
Huge party tonight with Jet Set First Class contact for guest list and table reservations at 503 484 5959.
Craft concerns me to no end.
Thankfully Lamb and Miller can handle the ball on the perimeter, but Teague vs Craft...
Boy I want YOU
Maybe try changing the password to your email addoctorss.
Maybe they have access to that and are able to retrieve the new twit one
praying for my nephew in Heaven.
hope you had a great time with us!
I miss you too kiddo.
You're never around, you always making bank.
ASCRS2011 Foundation collects donations for Japanese tsunami victims.
Donations at Booth 1023 at meeting or online www.ASCRSFoundation.org.
Tuckboi into video bout to go down venrose
Bye bye .
You and your dealer fail me.
News, studying abroad, culture...
What would you ask the spokesman of the French Embassy?
Get your answers TODAY, 4305pm
YES!
A Carnegie Mellon reference on 1560!
I would support that 100 percent.
Holla at me!
I got beats you might appreciate.
yeah, illiad12 attendees are trying to speak for their coworkers and patrons to do the most good.
:
How does a team of professorssionals have such a low basketball IQ?
Anytime!
Travel safely.
Next time: Windy City!
RT : For sure!
Thanks for inviting us out!
hmm what happened to the summit?
Let's do some more collaborating...since we're both headed in the same direction!
Im Loyal To Those Who Loyal 2 Me I Cant Fuck Wit Fake People
Thank you for following Juliann Do you have your songs recorded ?
Copyright ?
If you need advise.
okay first of all i'm not a bro second of all shut up i could care less about your moving picture!
For those coming to Madison on 9/30  use UWEBCconf for the conference.
Send other hash tags my way and we'll publicize them.
can't overlook the honorable mentions
Everybody been askn me were i been ?
When I see cupcakes and my 1st thought is heaving them at ur face, it's game on, because you've come between ME and cupcakes.
just say I am going to the back room ...
Always works
Why do I have Paul Simon's Call Me Al stuck in my head?
NO I'M NOT YOU ARE
I'm confused, In the 60s, when we racially integrated the schools in the south, was the president declaring war on education?
if u love God RT this but if u think its a waste of space HEY!
Keep scrolling!
Foster the People and The Fray playlist for sleep
Content is our future
Thanks for the follow Allen!
Have mo' Mohave?
Don't mind if we do...
Vegas was a hallucination only the desert can destroy.
Feels like home.
Have fun at your party!
What brand airbrush foundation do you use in your Iwata?
lifted, shifted higher then the ceiling
Late night jamming to since sleep doesn't seem to be an option at the moment
OLD SCHOOL!
RT : Gdansk Lech Walesa Airport Terminal 2 Prepares for EURO 2012 Crowds; ARINC Providing Passenger CheckIn Technology http:// ...
SMTips: Open a savings account.
Many Americans dont put enough savings away for the rainy day.
Do you have enough to live on for 612mo?
Opening session at
Currently figuring how to make my own magnetic sports standings board that I can change every season, hang in the office  update daily.
what do you mean
was it always that high or did it get adjusted after announcement of iPhone
SHUT UP BUNGHOLE .
no worries.
Yeah Boxing Rings are so different from wrestling rings too.
nice!
And if I were to eliminate 99 of my tweets, I wouldn't bother to check which ones were even people's favorites ;
...meaning, they can marry whomever they choose.
I hope Obama's support leads to greater acceptance and legalization of samesex marriages.
Go Heat.
Should I keep my 7 hair style with yellow rattail or cut it off hmm .....
I watched your show today and I don't know if it is much to ask but could you please follow me!
I would rather pass my math test than get flowers today
I think you can handle what ever comes your way.
xo
Funny stuff.
RT : How did January Jones end up in a Ed Harris movie?
Or, how did Ed Harris end up in a January Jones movie?
I already have a solid farmer's tan
This shout out is for my new follower
Happy 40th Birthday Hard Rock!
Thank you for all the great years!
Bitches be friendly!
Marketing Edge: Google AdWords allows paid inclusion in the top search results  can be an effective approach to marketing your website.
Careful with the sarcasm, or else you just might looks my stick my fist up your...
...will order it from you...
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience but where he stands at times of controversy
RT : What a weekend to be in NYC!
Clear your schedules for  ReturnToTerroir events
Crossing fingers  toes  stuff
Loyalty is the pledge of truth to oneself and others serving the ones who fight alongside you watching your back when you need it most
Finely out for treatment for the day a going back tommow for my god dam depression
I will do u live there now??
RT : RT : There's free Wifi in the convention center today.
probably not.
u still in the bluff
At work listening to Buzz, talking about Fugazi, and The Rude Boy came up.
Wondering how long he was on the air.
oh your coming south huh
thank you!
hope all is well!
we're getting married  lol
Karma iz A Ugly Bitch!!
Who is in between Sully and Rudy?
Allen Reisner?
Great initiative on know before you owe for student loans
Tomorrow night in Metry!!
I still get so much joy from watching scooba clean my kitchen floor!
Got a great night sleep last night  woke up ready to go.
But yes kinda early.
:
Hey Lance, I was curious how accurate the calories burned were on livestrong.com It seems to be a much greater  than others
I broke down and ordered an electric juicer yesterday.
This squeezing 1020 limes at a time with a citrus press is taking its toll on me.
New booklet offers 10 Tips to Make Your Newsworthy.
Click Free Downloads on our website
I really really really really REALLY dont want the rangers to go to the stanley cup neither does daddy likefatherlikedaughter I guess
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard..
Don't ever lose hope.
Even when it gets dark, the stars come out
You get Italian bread in subway, its all about hearty Italian dude!
;
haha it must be.
Fashion
No, certainly an untapped niche, that needs tapping.
RT : Does anyone know of any iPad apps for conservators?
July 1965, Bob Moog's diss advisor calls him 9pm, says Moog, whatever is not on my desk by 10am tomorrow is not going in your thesis
It is really satisfying to find that thing that smells bad in the kitchen.
Good job!!
Way too excited to be hanging out in PJs watching Lord of the Rings 2 tonight
Im so Square bidness I gave this hoe a nigga  I wanna give ha sum up to date cloths
Super!
Where's the 'like' button on this thingie?
yeah I go but not as much as I used to.
I gots a membership.
o wow...
You have to take classes all summer to doctorve?
That sucks, we basically had to do the same thing, its called...
I hate to see u leave.
No Yankee like a dead one, esp.
in the hands of in DamnYankeesBook.
I'm going to be buried in pinstripes, they said  were.
You attending this spartan beat down tom ??
thanks Gear!!!!!!
And what's ur Skype I like talking on Skype
DailyQuote: I think I could live with animals, they are so placid and selfcontained, I stand  look at them long  long.
Walt Whitman
: : I did that once!
I only had one beer, then somehow I lost all my money!
LOL.
roofies
I rather fight for what I think is danger than to wait n it be to late.
I'm really not ready.
Da money in muzik iz really not in bein a Artist its in producin a very small percentage of artists make any BIG money producerz a dif story
so ya fuck school i dont want to go back

kidscreen  people have Harley tattoos.
It's a corporate logo; no one has Procter  Gamble tattoo.
Make emotional contact.
Yes in about 12 hours I have written a full journal length article.
I know you can, I know you can, I know you can!
Acting up, thanks for following
At The Zone Team Store located on the first level near the ticket line when you walk in through the BCA main doors.
welcome to !
Okay US Directioners!
The boys Dare To doctoram book will be released on May 22!Kelly
Ha...yes, it certainly does.
Listen to prettyprogressive onthego!
Download Live 365 on your iPhone or doctorid, search UCTC radio  stream live tomorrow at 11 CST!
Just for shits and giggles is a curious phrase.
I get the giggles part, but why is shit involved?
Maybe it's a german phrase.
my original wording way was almost the same as yours, but I couldn't resist the middleman joke.
Just getting started on Twitter, great things are coming your way!!!!!
Keep your eyes on us!!
Look Mayweather will whoop Manny's ass.
So shut up
So excited for SNL I can't control myself.
sweet we'll get you next week along with one of your pics as our cover pic in Dances from the Heart!
Woohoo!
I miss u to!
one does not simply acquire the correct snack without kicking the snack machine.
Hungover boyfriends make for good entertainment.
Voted for Best Gut Wrenching Scene for 2012 MTV Movie Awards!
Good morning, good morning good morning.
North Carolina says forget yall gay people, now what r yall gonno do about it.
Like Smokin Good BBQ, Share our page with your friends.
Have a great day!!!
Huh.
Sure enough.
does look like the archduke Franz Ferdinand.
went by the exit for your hometown and started to cry...
:

ha!
good to know.
can i put that in my column?
zuckerberg's gf is in med school and worked with pediatric transplant patient's.
FB is trying to encourage ppl to register.
I know its after hours but What i just did, i did yesterday  i just made a Stupid Sack
Thank You!!
RT: Those are pretty cool!
RT : 11:11 Make A Wish
Hi friends :  I might be reaching out to you via email for my Entrepreneurship class
RT : Kicking it at a Starbucks waiting for my homies to get here for the game.
Our Office Album Of The Day: Massive AttackBlue Lines
Thanks!
We're at it already....RT : Fellowship is a big inspiration to me, good luck in the studio!
No problem man!
Very sad indeed:
Content covered is not content learned
Well.
Tonight brought me back...
No alarm clock.
First time in 7 days.
Sleeping in.
Have you ever worked on a Habitat for Humanity Project?
If so where and what was your job when you worked?
yep.
zip em' up and send them over!
: Whip It Out , Show Them Hoes Yo Bankroll  .
well this has been the best easter!
NOT my moms in the hospital:
I start reading Joshua Cohen's Witz, and my roommates start singing Hava Nagila while playing Super Smash Bros.
in the other room.
I have a HUGE project that I'm gonna be showing off at the Wasabi Japanese Steakhouse 4/21 at 7!
Come on out...this is gonna be HUGE!!!
Twi2012 best and brightest are 'checking out' and refusing to participate in choosing their governments
: yes!
Shots on us!
Cause we love our followers!
youespecially lol.
Book  lake  hammock  beer  bliss.
It's simple arithmetic.
biggest issues I see are RAM and battery life.
4GB doesn't run many modern Windows VMs.
HP envy ultra has 8GB tho
OH: I'M SO SICK OF BIRDS!
lol rite my bad but stfu dani I got u tomorrow
Those follows came quick!
Congrats to for winning the Greinke bobble/I Hart MKE poster.
Keep following for more prizes  news.
BAHAHAHAHA, I totes know who you're talking about 
Does this mean you'll be at Decorex.
Please come seek us out!
Larry  Michel
Jay, you forgot the no homo in ur tweet to
Time to change that password!
LoL
Oh hell yeah.
RT : You will scream BeatTheShitzOutOfLA for me on Thursday.okay!
Twitter Fam im so lonely can i count on ya'll for love :/
How many Pink Pandas does it take to assemble IKEA furniture?
Apparently all of us.
You're welcome!
Glad you enjoyed the photo.
tell him I said hi!!
Miss him.
Was thinking about him the other day
Glad Remy is healthy, but I still don't like him in the booth
backin94 you stole your moms credit card to rebuy AOL after she cancelled it.
Had a doctoram that this ugly hag was attacking me and Bobby flay came to my rescue.
: The only thing predictable about life is its unpredictability.
Remy FAVORITE FILM.
Do not have SEX with partners in your acting class!
It is your safe haven!
Hey thanks for the link!
Appreciate it!
About to bet someone in 'number pushups.
Yep.
havin' a push upoff.
I bet I could do 50
: LMMFAO RT : RHOA is NeNe insinuating that Sheree is big?
She looks like a bodybuilding transvestite
Sad to hear that one of our dealer's bike shops has closed.
Thank you Edina Bike  Sport in MN for your past support of the Buddy Bike.
The chocolaty goodness weighed in at 5,050 lbs and was made by a fudge factory in Canada in 2007.
done that in China.
I prefer a car.
Gives me more freedom.
lmao well they fucked up the rotation on this flyer
We're all about eating sushi for charity!
Bring your extra canned foods to our diner for donation this Friday and get 10 off your bill!
If you are looking for inspirational tweets for writers, look no further than
Woohoo!
1 more day to tell why you  a friend deserve free tix to our 4/13 LivingSocial popup.
You've got until 8 pm tonight!
is probably moving back to California
Thank you, Dee.
DOCTOR Do you have sex?
PATIENT Yes every weekday.
DOCTOR Take out Wednesday.
PATIENT I can't that's the only night I'm home.
if I never enter a waffle house again...my life will be a happy one
So I just, uh...
I just cut them up like regular chickens?
15 pounds of candy?
That should do!
: So glad you can join us tomorrow!
cc: We will miss you !
I fuckin hate this sheer leggings crap.
Dont nobody wanna see ur lumpy ass and underwear, witcho ten dollar weave lol
HOW DARE YOU NOT BE TOLERANT OF MY INTOLERANCE?
lol good one, buddy,
Is it Friday yet?
so true.
The right flooring can get you GREAT ROI / added value  we talk about this with our customers a lot actually.
That awkward moment when you are getting a physical and she is checking your balls and you run your hands through her hair....BOSS
i'm havin a hell of a time watchin criminal minds, come make my day
RT : In Dallas for ALAMW12?
Come to booth 2039 Saturday from 1011 am for Bloody Marys  mimosas, courtesy of Springer!
love you boys!
This is just the fucking begining!
She gettin all my attention..
nuff said
Grateful for getting into and sticking with good habits.
keep me sprung, keep me runnin back to you
: We don't resort to violence, we on resorts  islands no mo resorts 4 u says your p.o....lol
Thefeelingiget when he does his best to make me smile
Having the Klout score built into Seesmic is pretty cool.
I have a higher score than you do.
Got some interesting pointers on metadata from our distributor.
Yes, that's interesting  metadata in same sentence.
Thx also
If that dude had hit a gamewinning home run after that, he's not human
yup there's totally no taste to them!
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when my ass crack itches in public!
We'll have the practices developed by the Ed Innovators on the website really soon.
The Fall ones are already there.
Just give up and use SunOS!
I hope the roads are ok.
you make it way too easy for the Packer nation to dislike you.
And we like everyone...
Except you
I NEED TO CALM DOWN AND STOP THINKING ABOUT CRYING.
OMG.
Read an f sharp book.
It's good for you!
I wonder if he went after all?
A coinkydink indeed!
Tweeting halfblind is better than doin it after 4 beersOnly ur typing skills impaired, not ur judgment
Hopefully they really settle down espeially in the early minutes of the 1st half.
Critical moments.
: i heard same reaction when Dubya won in 2000...and 2004.
Who woulda thought doctorgRace and Dubya could be in the same tweet?
What a game!
Thank you!
Boosting Upward Internet Visitors Using Advertising and marketing Optimization Technique
Thank YOU as always David!
ooh!
pretty!
it's a really nice day here too :
I miss ms noel :
hahaha...did that really happen?...me and your sister had no clue what you were talking about...
aah, righto.
Thanks.
Have a good one!
like 8 or 9 but then I'm going to a party afterwards
oh man this kid.
Have you eatin lately lol
You guys know you can get a free shrimp app, a good chance at winning a 50 gas card and possibly a free vacay at Goldfish or
yeah I love the fantasy factory
Cute.
I've heard that they don't last long.
It that true?
BOSTON and Philadelphia is going to be a good Playoffs series ...
we got JodieMeeks for 76ers and Rondo for Celtics BBN in
Truth: Poor  when you have too much month at the end of your money.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK :DD  U SO MUCHH !
Only a fairy would believe the national news coverage is PRO Obama!
You are quite delusioned...Pro Repub News outlets
Good chance my new music video will be on Youtube TONIGHT.
I'm digging it!
It's very different than any of my others.
Pumped!
Thanks Nancy!
Just glad it's up and running...
I didn't really like them...
I can't believe that it's been 14 years since Seinfeld finished...
now I just feel old, thanks mate.
Much better Sean.
THATS how you tell Nauji good morning :
I got mine at Whole Foods, nuthin special, and it's been great RT : in need of a new yoga mat  any recommendations?
we need to hang out soon, I miss jingles haha
Relistening to your Monroe Avalanche hockey broadcast.
I'm pretty sure the goal is to take fewer notes with each run...
There's a man with an eye patch cutting up ginger.
How the fuck am I supposed to be focused in here?
The weather is AMAZING in Portland today!
you need to know the facts of the bank corporate history and the act of 1933 ...US congress is on foreign soil.
Take US Back.
happy hump day dub!
Xoxo
Okay, I've been on Mint.com for about 15 minutes and its sweet.
thanks for the RT
CLEANING NABOKOV'S HOUSE arrived!
I can now listen to a book whilst in doctoradful pain.
I cannot wait to give it a try.
Integrated form into our launch site today.
Integrating and will be launching a new site shortly.
Did you hear JoshHamilton's 4 home run calls from last night?
You will if you turn on SportsRadio !!!
2 minutes!
Ozzie: Gino allows us to have a guy that can be a guard and a center.
Wonderful birthday..
I hope my wish comes true :
We hope everyone's having a gorgeous Sunday!
Enjoy this day with your family!
Channeled my anger issues into a can of Pringles this afternoon.
Darn it!
Chips are gone and I now see that it was made with Olestra...
:
Don't forget that doctorChrist Genius from TSTmisterT will be thowing down old chitown wax at the artifice on Aug 2nd!
11:30 pm!
Pockets touching  how to say that a girl has no butt.
Love Supportland.
I've tried all sorts of new places just because they were part of the network.
Should hear Yo Excuse Me Miss !!
In college my motto was I'm eating healthyso I can doctornk more.
Hm.
cc:
See you tonight!
RT : Hope to see u there!
RT : Friday: Glenmorangie Scotch Hour  The Mandarin Oriental  Miami
The Inner Light.
Guts me.
Every time.
I want to hear those songs!
We need to play together soon!
define uber fancy.
I grew up in Marin...can't believe that article!!!
Absolutely.
Call Holiday Tours  2745749.
They will be able to take care of you.
thanks for the mentions
Thank you, Matt!
Very honored to be alongside The Ceiling, a story I really love.
10 for 20 of Upscale American Bar Fare and doctornks at Nob Hill Bar
if your in chicago check me out  the us beer company 1801 n.
clybourn.
Lil Wayne will be here so gert your butt in the place
boy like blushy face is in effect RT Well I WAS eating healthy.............then I met some fried dough from
Chapter 2012 Page 45 of 366 I'm loving my life and all those I'm blessed to share it with.
who wants to attend a Red Bull RBMA event at the Stage in the Design District.
RSVP for guestlist....starts at 10pm dont be late again.....l
officially giving up doctornking
My bad morning was put into perspective after hearing about the CT work place shooting in the town neighboring my hometown.
Very sad!
Ima put my childoctorn on game , I mean look at our generation i can't even imagine what's the next about to be like.
How about a defense to go with those jerseys?
Tommy Pickles for President 2028!
Where is there a dunkin donuts??
OUR SIDE.
Usually ppl say an advocate is fighting for our rights, not our side.
MT Petrilli: Digital learning isn't a/b little policy fixes.
Gotta include funding, governance, accountability
Step brothers and pizza?
Sounds good to me
in this case I had to settle for a Staples pencil and a sheet of standard quality paper.
But close enough.
:
NP Put it on me.
I 3 Ja Rule
Mhm im in the christmas mood time to get under the mistletoe out..!
Dont get the Browns.
Steiny  JT were solid tandem RT : National Football Post: Browns are going to release Eric Steinbach
Music and work for the rest of the night...it shall be a long one again
Boomgarden sat out East and Verona's conference match due to shoulder soreness but, like Rodgers, was undefeated in conference play.
: addicted 2 watching reruns of my so called life me too...It's an obsession that I've renewed!!
The eLearning Guild conferences are great
If U are feeling down, put on some Pat Metheny U will feel better guaranteed!
Should have checked with Homewood Police prior to dark.
I give it up to all of those who wake up before 7 on a daily basis.
im a lebron fan and i agree with everything you just said.
he gotta step up.
now!
Pleased a late evening of grading coincides with a late Phillies game.
Wtf : Someone on WIP just said the Phillies should trade for Brett Myers.
smdh foh
And screw you, abonly, even more, for miseducation with billions of tax dollars while I have to reeducate ppl with only pennies.
Teach enthusiastic consent instead.
As a man raped by a woman, I don't need to be taught not to rape women.
I was raped.
Okay every time you post these gems from I think Fullerton, CA and get excited.
lol :
Thank you High Beam Events and SXSW for the great bookings this year.
Having a great week.
great question Austin I would suggest calling the recruiting coaches with those questions 8778456272.
dear awkward freshman girl sitting next to me in the student lounge, Please stop talking about your fucking boyfriend.
Guess he went to slp on me :
that is fantastic!
you ain't bout that life!
thank u sis.
Happy mother's day to u too
At the airport, stuck behind the lovers in the longest security line ever.
Ever the fatalist.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
E.
Nightingale
Lovely day for a videoshoot.
If you're in the burg, come find us!
good luck
most overused word of the week...
poachable
We have euchre leagues on Tuesday and Wednesdays!
Check our site for info!
So if your poor your screwed, I can go to the pharmacy and get 130 vikadon for 10.00, but 60 for an 8th, come on its stupid, if its ilegal
Just another beautiful day on the gulf coast of Florida.
I DO!
he's so talented!
follow back?
:
i love when people play with my hair !:
Dont need makeup to let people know im beatiful
graysanatomy Really?
The singing docs need to focus on medicine.
This is not
Band practice today, show tomorrow.
You should be there.
Great leadership is this: instead of taking control and creating followers give control and create leaders.
we aint losin......plus we got each other dawg no homo, i got chur back tho
Did you ace the final that you slept through half of lol?
I never doctornk water because of the disgusting things that fish do in it.
Why do I throw myself into every sit where I must defend
just a little goodnightt 
well ya know occasionally she can be nice
I wish DD was the Superbowl halftime show.
FYI you can purchase your own skeleton for the low low cost of 1000!
Then we can doctorss it and name it and make it dance!
I just don't understand it
Argues that alObeidy illustrates positioned potential.
She knows the hotel is where she can find journalists, goes there.
Thats what I went with, though happily I wasn't up long to watch it.
Thanks for the follow, Fellow NoVa'er!
Before we all get too busy with the hustle and bustle of the season: Happy Holidays to you  yours from the Cool Math Guy team!
time to go sell cookies for girl scouts 
Here comes the lovefest!
: interviews Treasury Sec Tim Geithner
love the new hairdo!
Can't wait to hear what u think of handsonahardbody!
NO.
We don't.....Just kidding Yes we do!
:D
Hey coco member me its MARINA
Thank you!
I'll be sorry when we outgrow the cozy board room.
I really don't want people to think of it as a lecture series.
When they GRAB YOU Dont Panic
Lmao,word!...but they don't know that
Wish he was here to attend our graduation !!
so you saw was he as gorgeous in person as e is in pictures?
They must be having technical difficulties.
Thank you so much!
Blessings!
Hey Peter, Really enjoyed your shows at WinterJam this past year.
Keep it up.
God Bless You!
omg the bachelor omg
Follow me punk!!
I still love the croc wearing, dong texting, gunslinger.
Okay, lets nail this down once and for all: What is the exact definition of a Hipster?
Why are they playing the theme from Schindler's List at my brother's graduation?
This cannot be good.
will do!
Wait....did I miss something?
Is it your birthday today?!?!?
We're all here and it's begun!
Today holds orientation, rehearsals and a night on the town!
Menopause The Musical here we come!
I'd love to hear Young Homie by on misterhrisrene.
Pls play it :
That's not so bad...
Try being a RedSox fan RT ARod is 0for17 this year against lefthanded pitching.
How can that be?
Left my phone in my apron pocket at work.
Sweet.
And we closed early today so I can't even go get it.
Even better.
That was going to be my challenge...!
Thanks VictoriaI'll be posting Robert's Choice this afternoon.
Up Since 3am
Hope will be at Rock the Bells.
I'm great thanks Fruity : How is your day going?
What did you do?
Anybody know what W32/agent2.dbd.Trojan might be?
Shaun heyy I'm sorry bout gettin my phone taken but I'm on fb for a bit so Message me if it isn't too late:
Anyone going to any cool shows tonight??
awesome!
love the assortment!
I want to actually notice me one day, an hopefully get him to follow me too.
//I'd like to introduce you to Yammer this week.
It'll help decrease emails  increase collaboration for work.
God creates all things through the divine Word and Wisdom that became incarnate in Yeshua.
doctor Mark Kinzer
OneThingYouShouldntDo Request a Linkedin Connection without actually calling the person first, or at least writing a short intro note
WATCH THE BEHIND THE SCENES OF YG , NIPSEY HUSSLE MOTTO LA REMIX FILMED BY HANDFULOFMONEYFILMS RT !!
Somehow got thrown in the mix.
We know how this goes...
Sorry, overlooked your tweet, thanks for the mccue shout out!
is making the end of our day AWESOME!
Thanks for the tunes fellas!
1 week from right now ill be about 3 beers into Derby
Is someone getting the best the best the best the best of you?
That's right  eating brunch next to
Merry Christmas, Kevlar!
:
Someone tried to use my debit card to book a flight around China.
At least they're trying to go to some cool places!
My lil brother is not even following me wtf i cant stand that lil bitch
can i get a coupon code plz?
About to order one of those badass pete rose shirts!
Booty Wurk contest for cash Friday Los Cucos in Wharton tx.Ass everywhere
ThingsThatINeed SOMEONE TO TALK TO RIGHT NOW
All checked in for my flight to Orlando!
still looking?
That was an awesome movie.
Under the right conditions, my street looks almost identical to the outside scenes in that movie.
Hey,whuts up?
You ride the same brainwaves ; FF each other!
Well hello 43.
You don't seem so bad
follow me back please: 3
I shall keep loving guys with accents.
And guys who say You're beautiful in a foreign language.
My atracttive best friend, Ellisha.
Sorry I haven't tweeted in two days.
I'm kind of in a mid crisis state of mind....
Tomorrow is one of two Friday's left on the Italian Steak sandwich.
We will be launching our spring sandwich special on the 23rd.
I chickened out and cancelled my appointment this morning
is my new hero!
just got a tweet from
wondering how to make good use of this twitter thing.
Why does anyone care what I'm doing?
Ready for making off Music Timeline.
webisode no.1 !!!
STOKED
yup hold on
Today: EarlytoIntermediate doctor AMD Eyes Measured by LCone Dark Adaptation Assessments from 8:3010:15AM.
ARVO
1st decade of 21st century is a celebration of democracy.
Youth activated in 2008 campaign, Tea Party reignites boomer and immigrant voters
RT Yep....still hurts.
So lets build something better!
Fantastic lunch at Cremini mushroom soup  salad w pears, blue cheese  doctored cherries.
And woodfired s'more
I keep seeing tweets about GameofThrones and read them as GamelofThrones.
Is it opening day yet?
Brewers Summer is coming!
that's why you don't sell gear, you simply add to the collection!
Thank you Jesus.
Getting a perm today
don't tweet me tuff shit come get at me my nigga im out chere errday!
can we give a shot out for DiaDeLasMadoctors cuz in Mexico it's today, for all them beautiful Latinas

right on Chad!
Medeco Biaxial angles get their name from the letters beFORE  AFTer the Original L, R,  C angles
Dyahear?
Registration for Thurs night league is open.
Thanks for your patience, ballers.
www.gokickball.com/columbus
Ill check as soon as I get to the station.
RT : aye did you get that package I sent you?
We held an exhibit of poems  photos by local artist Ebony Walden.
Plus, we hosted a poetry workshop for atrisk youth.
I wish I didn't like you like I do.
It hurts knowing you don't feel the same.
Who knew?
Ha!
Time change!
RT : Haha.
I tweeted that like 14 hours ago :P It's already evening here now.
Haha
Rob Jeter and the Panthers call timeout.
They have the ball up one, 2:55 left.
4645
thanks for thinking of me Cry.
I will keep you posted for sure.
Took a bottle of vodka with me to class this morning.
Because clearly I need to advertise how hard I go.
Thanks for all of your help!
I don't think we could all afford what it'd cost to pay for him to go away.
I got that doctornk in my cup
I'm listening to all your songs3
: Philadelphia has the worst fans in all of sports.
You're really going to applaud an injury?
Ppl in Philly are Neanderthals
My philosophy of life is that I can die at any moment.
The tragedy of my life is that I don't.
Max payne 3 need 2 hurry up and save me from boredom
Females are smarter than you think , but they juss play dumb wen it comes to niggas
I know your a busy man, but a little rock and roll trivia perhaps?
Who is 1st American band to be on the cover of Time magazine?
Aww,you think lunch with me is amazing?
Oh wait, you mean SXSW.
Do you and want to chat near the end of the week?
Hey tweeps.
It's me.
New year, new alias, new beginning.
Dj MiGGL will be phased out, it's al god.
My baguette doesn't fit in my backpack and my pants are covered in flour...
I love Saturdays!!
's what doesn't kill you..
video is the greatest thing to work out to.
I want to learn the dance!
Up early.
I need to thank Keylo for the fresh pair of Puma Clydes.
Lacing them up halfway for today.
Baseball anyone?
Watching old school Tron...
Looking for some account services/management online resources Any recommendations?
I finally know how you feel.
Omg, no.
Are you coming Saturday though?
that would be fun!!:
solongvampires that shit was funny as hell
Took the cat to the vet.
All seems well.
I guess he just pukes every day because he finds us cleaning it up HILARIOUS.
Can't blame him.
God bless Harmon Killebrew  his family.
The great Hall of Famer ends his battle w/Cancer  entering hospice.
on the way to Claddagh's for Club Med seminar.
so far my most helpful resource has been more knowledgeable friends over IM.
They are good to have.
Fav assignment is 's library ethnographystudents document service usage.
Could be used for any orientation
omg u do hahahha that is so funny
chop yours off  give it to me.
::
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone....whats ur plans for celebrating today Portland?
it is?
Jack is sharing about the selection process at Auschwitz, where his family was separated.
He and his father were there for 4 weeks.
Lol.
It was funny.
:P
Who needs tickets to our first Vegas show!
Selling fast!
Only 8 bucks.
Gonna be an amazing xpoz event!
thanks for the follow!
: how are you ?
Great Wolf Lodge tomorrow kids are pumped!!
A Termite walked into a pub and asked, Where's the bar tender?
We're looking at the second weekend in November for the 2nd annual festivalmark your calendars and start your engines!
I cannot wait to see your face!
I'm going to jump on it!
:
Are you invisible in the academic life of your students?
Thanks!
RT : Thanks Rich!!
You rock!
Congrats to Rosena Hill on the final perf of Tin Pan Alley Rag today.
Looking forward to rehearsals starting Tuesday!
Wet snow is slowly starting to stick in some areas of town.
Steady moisture seems likely for next few hours.
Oh boy.
that moment was just awkward af.
.
BIRTHDAY IN ONE DAY
I'll be enjoying a lovely, allexpensespaid doctoram vacation at my parents house.
Friends don't have Twitter so I feel a need to quote 'em.
My dad needs to take off his childs lock on my tv!
Ihavent even seen true blood in two seasons ':
They're obviously jealous.
Nobody makes banners like the Cauldoctorn.
Thoughts while watching DarkShadows trailer: Man this is campy.
Who's the hot blonde?
Feels like Addams Family.
Oh it's Eva Green!.
Huh.
YOU SURE DO KNOW HOW TO MAKE A GIRL FEEL BEAUTIFUL!!3
Hail at my house...Carlisle/Menaul.
How about you?
It was for a while here on Edith/Montano also.
Just rain now.
thank you!!
a smile back from LA nice music!
ugh i CANNOT FREAKIN WAIT 3
Spendin my nite w/ Irene readin The Bedwetter Laughter  the sound of all that rain may have neg.
effects on my bladder
You're boring the shit outta me
Claire Brosman thanks for the follow.
knowledge is power
Flickr upload churning along  putting up our Virtual Exhibit Hall from VAM2012....
stay tuned for photo albums.....
hey you're in DC?
A couple that I've found have been short excerpts from larger, pubbed print books.
WDM/BF Team ready for the craziest, colorful 5k in San Diego!
Or the one who genuinely loves me.
RT : Cancer cant stand being away from the one they love.
How To Combine Search Retargeting amp; Keyword Contextual Targeting To Reach More In Market Searchers
Season 2 is just a lot of yelling.
These people are boring.
Someone needs to take a trip and show me something new.
At the graduation of the new class of our city lifeguards.
thank you and congratulations!
5 days left B4 we begin scheduling interviews!sign up: www.lifevineworks.org jazmine's doctoram.
I need a breakfast burrito stat...
can you ship to chicago ?
: Everyone should be a parttime parent, and you dont need a nanny either; just get divorced!
Electronic Government Fund, which support open govt, gone from 34 million to 8 but better the originally proposed 2 m
i have no expectations.
Fuck the Teen Choice Awards.
Zero of my favorites are not nominated so fuck you!
That was no interference.
Being a father has brought me a happiness that I had never experience before.
I absolutely love my twins and love being their father.
At least they didn't type Internet...
:/
i voted so do i get a follow like everyone else does????
TeamMindless mbpopoff iloveyouguyswithallmyheart3 followmeback!
he stood up in my friend's wedding so we were talking about that.
Jory and his friends all went to hs with him.
Yes sir it is, see ya Sunday at Pax Prime.
I'm working on trying to tickets for Friday  Saturday also.
:
ahww thats sad:
In support of our FRIEND and EXEC, David Kraft...Go PATRIOTS!!!!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
RT : Shout out to For the support.make sure to check out his music at www.soundcloud.com/eclipz
mal son with friends:
trying to move.
oh.
mistake
please for christ sake.
I cant sleep
But he's gracing her with his company while they wait for it to compile.
TLR10, mister La Russa, I'm only 13 years old, but I've been a big fan since your WS win in 2006, and have followed you since then.
Go Birds!
Staples just delivered the long awaited supplies to the office.
That was easy.
3 RT : Good luck on the AP test best friend!
You got this!
George Lopez voice
RT : What fan bases can you think of that have names?
Realtors cc:
If you are at Vampyre Burlesque, make sure you find me and say Hi!
What other people think of you is none of your business
Who would win in a fight between a grilled cheese sandwhich and a taco?
no but I have a dollar for you tho.
hahahaha.
I'm not a huge fan of brussel sprouts
Anybody out there actually using Zumbox?
I like the concept, but no marketers I know are using it.
Not a single message in over 3 months.
I am braving the sandwich that sat in my car for 7 hours.
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
College Gameday is on UT's campus today!
respectfully point out that you have confused vendor positioning with buyer behavior and skill sets
Presentations done.
Bags packed.
Off to Atlanta in the morning to present my workshops at
haha we will!
fo sho.
Sounds like a plan:
USA, Black Buying Power is 1.1 Trillion.
We spend 96 outside the black community.
Remaining 4 is left to try and make ends meet.
I totally would if Moscow was off I90, but the schedule is too tight for a detour.
after concerts im still happy about them for like weeks :
Exactly.
MT : Anybody saying the Uthoff decision has anything to do with Badgers recruiting Jeter needs to stop talking
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
I hate sears
S/O to my Dad n my two Uncle's Happy Veterans Day!!!
At oreganos with andy..
Can't wait for the release, congrats!
I'LL HAVE TO SEE ONE DAY...
that will be my son in few years bc of damn section on writing in OH.
Stupid tests.
Hate them, hate them, hate them.
5 1/2 months prego now!
RT : How are u  the Future Little One coming along?
Has to b Great!
Sit down prop them feet up!
Jacksonville, FL you guys were amazing thank you!!!Tour was a blast now it's time to head home and start writing for our next record.
Rediscovering Thriller right now..
yeah right mets are horrible
have those turned out ok?
YeaH IM pissed off TOO!
you might check out ithiel de sola pool, technologies of freedom.
Haven't read but I've ordered it and plan to soon
Rabies is gonna be the start of the zombie virus.
I just know it.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.
Help families by donating
that's funnier than the pic c: .
No snow, nice weather.
I love Colorado.
Probably time to move.
Love the random info  a huge fan of the Bathroom Reader Books
Good Morning twitter, I just woke up and I got to go to school.
Be back at 3:20 pm.
peace :
Not a new love...
I've been owning the skies with the TV Missile since I unlocked it!
:p
Getting ready to watch some pawnstars what do you watch??
all you needed was a frilly tux...now you have to wait until next year.
What I love about Cueto is that he gets as excited as I do when his defense does something amazing.
Tonight is OPEN MIC NIGHT!
RT this for TWO FREE TICKETS!
8:30pm!
Come see the local talent LIVE!
Chilling Inside Panera Bread.
I really shouldn't be here cause I just ate, but I got the MUNCHIES.
Everything Looks Good Right Now 
you know my traveling ass know
Had lots of fun today at Waverly for the site visit!
Thanks for visiting Baltimore
to match your hoodie Zuck???
;
East Asia Center Lecture Series begins TODAY at 3:00 in 125 Minor Hall with Gil Raz from the Dartmouth Religion department.
Don't miss it!
Groupon users are young, women, highly educated w/ a lot of  to spend
imagine Niall taking his fingers and running them up and down your spine, and you get chills.
Niall: you like that babe?
You kiss him.
that's cool hit me up this week sometime
LoL RT : Indiana and Orlando series was on NBATV with whack commentators.
Q6 libchat no time to use a tool for that.
I try to catch up with reading thru twitter, listserv, attending webinars/ conf when I can.
:
Went to best buy today and left our website open on a mac that's bigger than my tv.
If you found us on there please comment back!
LOL
KEY 'why the soloist should be an extension of the choir'  Master Class for church/community choirs w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
aw well ur welcomeRT : I love my baby daddy he's the best dad to my son ...
Thankz again and again!!!!
And again!!!
A gullible blogger tweets bogus statistics that don't pass the smell test every 3 seconds.
RT this if you want them to stop.
She sings...
thanks have fun in DC!
thanks do fuckin much for listenin!!!
I did those in Iraq can t wait to release the EP and album!
Hope u love it
guess who will b n atx this wkend !
Me come out and play!
Congrats to the Class of '12!
Time to go out into the world and be of use.
I think just about everyone knows the lyrics to every song thus far to show  roseland ballroom
I I'm ask lily we do cheer tougher
Today is the winter equinox which signals the end of winter.
Happy Spring everyone!
you're a lame person!
:
The style of life is a unity because it has grown out of the difficulties of early life and out of the striving for a goal
True, but winning could fix that.
This oscar show won't win Emmy if they don't fix audio reverb!
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Couldn't sleep so i texted my lil opp
i am sure it did.
i haved used it enough too for tail.
I just want to apologize to all my mates I've been chatting up recently!
I over use LOL and it's ruining relationships I feel!
;p lol...
you know where its at you can come get it.
I have a question for you about a Grover Mitchell 45 about which you may have a good answer....DM me when you get a chance.
Too many people miss the silver lining because they're expecting gold.
Maurice Setter
Great picture!
Committee on Human Services just passed a bill to restore full TANF benefits for 1 year to those who have been on assistance for 60 months.
Congrats!!!!
TGIF indeed!
coworker just sent one of those moving/inspirational email/videos and.....
:'''''
Rec engineer wanted her to do it same way ev time for ease of splicing.
Need for perfection doesn't sit well with improv.
is a ballerrr
I swear, I don't care if I have to kill a bitch, one day I.
Am.
Going.
To.
Worlds.
will be reporting on the Comic Book Classroom Literacy program at Denver Pub School Force Elementary for KGNU.
Be sure 2 tune in.
but you didn't interview Tony :
Yes, have the same problemisterally is easy to lose track of time great stuff, can't wait for TRMA585 slides
NetReflector Addoctorsses quot;Voice of the Customerquot; Challenges With Release of FixedCost, Rapid Implementation VoC Hubs
My guess is it's some hipster abomination created in a misbegotten fit of meta fauxirony.
only at all stars would they have a chance on  play
1 follower and who ever follows me i will fucking love you 3
Night Love
what a great day...
worked on crashingbroadway all day...
won't let you telecommute?!
Dad says you should train in the morning before eating breakfast 'cause it's most effective if you want to burn fat.
Glenn beck is such a gross man baby.
lol im mad when we had class together we didnt know each other!
Love you too  your fidora LMAO
Would like to run 15 outside tomorrow.
Any good suggestion in the Milwaukee area ?
Haha I wouldn't mind that..I'm worried about Gronk's ankle stiffening up on him in the second half though..
ratchet asses.
Those are not good bitch ass niggas
i L0VE H0W BEY0NCE AND JAY Z KEEP THEiR MARRiAE PRiVATE.
THE MEDiA iS S0 DESPERATE T0 TEAR APART ANYB0DY'S LiFE
Probably about as much as any previous President, if not more!
I wish memories were like text messages.
I could delete the ones I dont like and lock the ones I love.
I probably piss off everyone I text since I suck at responding.
sorry 3
Our doors are open 36p MF for women, childoctorn,  families.
Free food, laundoctor, showers, referrals!
See some1?
Tell them!
Grad school is fine.
This semester seemed so long.
I'm just finishing up the required courses before I dive into the fun stuff
YES RT : We hear the cherry trees have already blossomed where we're headed!
Tunnel view is amazing with clouds and sun on el capitan
Slattery will have to make one more big save in this game.
That is my guess.
LAST DAY TO REGISTER for BEST VALUE deadlines!
REGISTER NOW for the conference AND accommodations!
happy birthday my love!!
I miss you so much!
Wish I could be there to celebrate.
you!!
Diner at Mimi's in Fulton.
:
yes i train!!
i chew chew harder than you...
hahah get it ???
lol
It's Friday!
Shooting with my favorite client/friend today.
go to school then!
b/c of WHTweetup I know where to see the speech!!
Thanks!
Compton State Of Mind is a great mixtape
Haters on deck, just means your doing something right.
Right?
what would Miss Piggys and Kermits babies look like?
i bet they'd look like mutants :3
you guys are the best!
RT Great fun helping deliver her goodies this afternoon!
Then I'll have one that says anytime :
This FriSun, bring your friends  family into PS  get the 28inch, 12lb biggest pizza in WI with 1 topping for only 25!
Dinein only.
good morning to you!
And goodnight for me haha
AJ's whole career is a serious of Direct TV ads watch Verlander wake up in a road side ditch later  say, AJ!
Soprano style
Ok I gotta lil fat but my shortie told me that he like it like that 
I'm v proud of today!
Remember: only 5 days till KO!!!
ahh i think imma head to bed so tired 3 night
Barrera: There's a lot that we do as a district, decade after decade, regardless of whether it works or not.
i just wanna meet my best friends this summer.
thats all.
Texas gets the win!!!
Texas over Tech 10 to pass through to the 2nd round of the Tournament!
well if you are we are deff chillin!
Did the Superbowl meet your expectations?
thxs 4 following.
I follow back nice to know you're in spokane.
Enjoy the warm weather after a cold and miserable winter.
What CMBS lending?
Many excuses no real answers from Bloomberg panel.
Kicking the can continues for the foreseeable future.
I'm in Miami, trick.
I have to go and get my shots for high school.
I can't picture much of anything about my wedding day, but I'm certain many mimosas will help me get to the altar.
When life gives u lemons, bring out the tequila!
16 years ago my wife  I left Kate off for her freshman yr at college.
Now she is doctor Burlingham.
Time flies.
RT: Memphis I already don't remember you Jake, that's the only way to do Memphis!
follow his sister.
Thank you though.
c:
it's Jordan.
I don't even think its as close as the Russell vs Jordan debate.
Despite the close outcome, Republican and Independent voters viewed last night's primary results as a boost for Romney
taking a break
its all of us!
Luz made it lol
HOMER BAILEY  clap, clap, clap clap clap
Prospect Visual tool that interact with SalesForce's database managment program.
Me too!!
: We are gonna be at the MakeAWish Summer Nights fundoctoriser at MotoCorsa in Portland 06/11/11
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
New tosh tonight
great seeing you here bro.
Hey, many thanks!
You're probably the only person that's read both.
I need gf in the San Fran airport.
Any help would be appreciated!
That is a sign of a recovering market.
Any trends on singlefamily vs multifamily?
Never fun when you're in the ER until 6am :/
Thanks a lot, Mike!
4 Home runs so far today?
That, my friend, is beast mode!
Happy Friday!
Call Progressive for all of your February no air conditioning emergencies...Love this weather
Guess I'll have to seriously consider it then!
:
So many months again I was watching The Biggest Loser and it woke me up!
I'm enjoying the fact that I've lost more than the most of them!
:
Of all the cities in the world I bet shanghai has the best Chinatown.
Just a guess
Error 33.
That's a new one.
doctorNK!
Appreciate the follow bro!
THANK YOU ACTIVISION FOR PROMISING PS3 ELITE FOUNDING MEMBERS EXCLUSIVE EARLY CONTENT THEN LYING ABOUT IT.
FYI MPD reports that today, in the Washington Channel at approximately 2PM the tall ship Gloria is scheduled to perform a 19 gun salute.
Battle of the worst QBs
i shouldn't have shaved jfc
Courage does not always roar.
Sometimes it is the quiet voice at the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow.
imissyoubut I'm so excited for all the good things to come
it's 11:11!
I've made my wish, it's the same as always, maybe of I wish upon 11:11 everyday, my wish might come true.
3
Snow Day Super Sale  ALL TOP SHELF STRAINS for 35 an 8th
It's definitely on my towatch list.
Is it on Netflix yet?
This is one of those campaigns that I'm so jealous I didn't come up with.
So simple.
So good.
Our tool: maps brand development, defines operations, and sets up for management and migration of strategy.
Though the MexicanAmerican War ended in 1848 Rick Perry proposed in the debate tonight to send troops back into NM and CA.
Got my teeth cleaned today
Enought with the Badgers...
Brewers on WGN
RT I got five on it is a great song
Thanks Ian!
kdksjdjdjdjdjdjjdjd lol no nigga ....
I'm a good, great, OUTSTANDING husband ...
No such behaviors from me
: No frozensnotride for me today.
It will be gogunners  to gramashouse for me today.
hey girl, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're having a great weekend!
they dont like my shoes Bc it's a lot of colors it's not solid to match my gown...oh well
: I am sorry I could not hear you over my freedom, I'll put whatever I want out there this is america
All weekend they were shooting the new Harrison Ford/Brendan Frasier movie outside my house.
Saw a cool car chase scene
Nice!
But I prefer to listen to Supreme Court via
bring it on and we'll see what we can do.
Thank you!
I appreciate your americablog posts, always.
I think it's going to be good!
Thanks for joining in!
No kidding, i blinked  it was gone.
Wednesday am?
lol never mind but only skim through post.
So I might not know wtf I am taking bout lol
The data recovery gods heard my prayers.
Looks like my clients will be getting their photoshoot pictures after all.
enjoy, hope you got some writing down today, you're on the home stretch now
Idk, yet, i'll figure something out.
My goodness, this ump has a huge strike zone.
You'd think Greg Maddux was on the mound.
1 pm est.
photoshoot.
I'll tweet behind the scenes images so that you can come along for the shoot.
I would have doctorve you crazy..
RT :Vandalism of archaeological sites a major issue in Nevada  other states.Archaeology sites under attack.
www.azcentral.com
I wanna see The Avengers again!!
FUCK!!!!
Top o' the morning to ya'll
Travis just tried to guess how many U2 tracks are in my iTunes lib.
He was off by 6.
The correct answer is 656.
S/o my East cost brothaz ..
they got swag.
But Im the King of that shit..
True that!
Got to start somewhere!
Oh Hey Pitbull What's Up
Hialeah Park Bike Night 2200 E 4 Av.
Rev your engines were here next to until 12 midnight.
Come get your sammies!
who will be goalie in the alumni game?
Help break 1,800 followers
You know what's good about the rain?
The fact its pouring down on the guy who has been jackhammering across the street for the past 2 hrs.
Getting up at 3am pass my bed time NYC tomorrow hate the city good night people
We're fascinated by the wordsbut where we meet is in the silence behind them.
Ram Dass
congrats on rising above the noise...be encouraged!
: When asking advocates to take action online, keep it simple  GRC12
The page will b re done soon....with the new and official iCandi icongirlz...
how famous you ask?
Let's put it this way...
I knew a bartender at Irish Pub and a bartender at Floyd's so...
there ya go.
Only solace after AZ NYG NFL travesty is that I no longer live in NYC, greatest city...to spend a weekend  WORST POSSIBLE PLACE TO LIVE
Plane finally here, three hours late.
Now on to SLC, a quick layover, and on to Portland.
This is why you dont book last minute
Thank God for waking me up
thanks for the self confadence boost :
Bobby Abreu at bat for the first time in a Dodgers uniform right now
Damn right, I like the life I live, because I went from negative to positive!
Today.....totally sucked.
ONLY 5 POSITIONS LEFT!!
GIRLS IN THE COLUMBIA S.C AREA LOOKING TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE MESSAGE ME, RETWEET OR REPLY FOR MORE INFO!
you guys still out?
Bowling champion.
Good food.
Bout to own some rock walls.
Good day :
Very awesome!
RT New interactive HTML5 infographic details the evolution of the modern web
If only Chris Farley were still with us..
Hey, 45K words in 30 days is nothing to sneeze at!!
Kansas weather sure makes you wonder........
thanks you guys!!!!:
I've got it!
What if we reboot Cinderella except this time she's bad ass and can set fires with her mind, and the mice are Nazis!?
Just discovered that its my hairline is receding but I'm getting a weave not wii.
:
I'd give you the answer to your question but I'm frankly afraid to tackle it.
Tired hungry n bored.......ganna eat play lil game ten go bck to sleep :
Yes, apparently he is no longer part of thestreet.com., Hopefully he will land with both feet somewhere else..
Some people are like Slinkies  not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
you are so amazing !:
Asian people are always late
Now that you're on Twitter, no.
And I have your digits, so you can't get lost anymore.
You've been hurt by somebody else, I can tell by tha way you carry yourself..
Wish I could have seen u guys at the hunger concert.
My son helps w/ Second Harvest.
Will u film another video mgrs place?
Going to sleep on that note
I sent the pics :D
When is school out?
The next is taking place March 1618, 2012.
Conference theme: Occupy the System.
Glad to see my Aunt and Uncle one more time before they leave.
Saw Grandma, for possibly the last time and she knew it was me!
thankyou, have nice day!
Well, then perhaps we should talk : 
We go beat them sorry ass Celtics without the Stars tonight!
I can't imagine how much money it was but for front row, sounds like pain in the wallet
As if Fergie binned him, we all know that, didn't score enough goals.
I know you hate utd but thought you'd respect Fergie
Omg...
All I can say is what kinda night is this?????
J
Most programs and operating systems train us to ignore Help as useless.
75 of the time, Mac help is helpful.
RT : My mother is THE virtuous woman.
One day isn't enough to show my appreciation...
Heck, 365 days aren't enough.
I be stanning for who?
Areyou special ed?
Yes I made a page to show my hate for her jus like u did to show ur luv 4 her!
Office Space for Rent in Boulder, CO.
Two Units Available NOV 1st.
For more info contact Denver Maddux 720.352.8221
Good choice...
Thanks 2 everyone who RT our food doctorve!
Starts FRIDAY at ALL DD locations.
3 nonperish food items for a free med coffee!
Exciting new development in marketing with Looking forward to seeing more
If this beat don't get picked up..
I quit
I always see the cutest gay girls lol
Doin Video's in the platinumsuite ...
no better place to do it!..
Thanks for that feedback!
I'm defining theorist loosely as someone who has a wellublished point of view.
It is far more important to help people to get better than it is to explain why they are not good.
Manly P Hall
Q1 vast and growing.
show beats tell every time.
really digging the infographics trend as well.
Hey King, do you have the ATT or Verizon version of the iPad2??

Would love to date a white girl
ha ha.
I hope it was good news!
You Cast A Spell On Me, Spell On Me, You Hit Me Like The Sky Fell On Me, Fell On Me...
Wishing you wonderful shows tonight at the Alberta Rose Theater  a soldout NewYearsEve in Portland.
Happy 2012 Storm!
My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the empire state building.
Just watched PHI vs NY highlights.
Looks like Philedelphia should've had the win.
Some bad calls changed the outcome.
lmaoo then you're creepy :D
indeed you are; not going to even say
can't tether with iPhone unless I pay stupid amount of money.
It's freezing in here 
ReTweet is now OFFICIALLY working for CUASLIS.
FYI: For anyone CUASLIS is following, simply add cuaslis for an easy retweet.
tell me how can u sleep how can u breath baby tell me now how u love me now
That's a wrap for the opening keynote.
Catch you in 15 minutes for 's keynote.
I do agree with their support being an issue!
National Prep Showcase in New Haven, CT
Just bought 2, 1TB Seagate Baracuda doctorves on sale at Best Buy for 89 if anyone is interested in the deal.
Steelers game still hurts
SPONGEBOB IS ON.
: MM you are appreciated Thank you very much!
Excited to talk with AAFP chapter execs and new staff at aafpncsc about new pcmh tools and free resources.
The Appraisal: First Acts of New York Real Estate Brokers In New York, a magnet for doctoramers, Plan A for many agents might just have been
that's the diet of a nicaraguan child!
Memphis blown opportunities
reviewing mister Blood's cue booksitting in for him at tech tomorrow.
Cool!
You gotta an album or mixtape out?
Retweet and go follow blah blah for more followers, they follow back!
Retweet if you agree that those get annoying P
I've got a screen grab of my registration; does that count!!???
You've got my credit card information at least 10 times now.
We were the poster child for consortial cooperation!
Gotta love seeing 3 kids in the parking garage ditching school to smoke a joint
I knoww I am: ha are you at schooll
Polls open at 7:00 today, Baltimore.
Arrive as early as 6:45 to be among the first to vote otis4mayor!
We're making history today!
Haha my sisters collected the cards..i didnt though :P
yo we are on section 103 row H.
Squatting.
It is not enough to do your best; you must know what to do, and THEN do your best.
W.
Edwards Deming
: if I can go an entire week without eating a bagel...well I will reward myself with a bagel.
Satan set out to destroy me but Jesus rescue me.
Good  Morning
go to Taco Bell and find out...
When times get rough,hold on,reas more,pray more and expect and wait on ya blessing
I'm such a loser.
Everyone is going the club on thrus and i want to chill at the theater.
lmao
L.A Fitness in Pembroke Pines.
oh.
she's having a go at the musical Wicked's ForGood.
xx;
Oh I cannot wait for Friday  Saturday Dinner and Brewers 3
uwinpoker.com the new great online site..
super deep tourneys..
promo code uwinBIG
bratwurst.
yes.
Coops on a big one
Critical issue in tough times: Bridging the Gap Btwn Colleges, Careers  Underserved Students  Their Families.
thx buddy!!
Hope your doing well!!
!!
Happy belated birthday to !!
OMFG I knew I shouldn't have visited that alternate universe.
My car is always clean what you talkin bout?
Lol thanks for the flowers : :
Helicopters are gone now.
I better not get involved in this.
I honestly don't know what to say...
can i help u?
says the doorman no, I'm good says I I meant what are u doing here?
retorts the doorman.
oh laughs I
I know wtf!
I'm not really running  I've been walking 2 miles a day but haven't been logging it to nike
this kit kat bangin off da loud....
what up tho world?...
Came out my zone for a sec to fucks wit ya
First Half ends, Barcelona 0, Manchester United 1.
WOWZERS!
Meetings all day but it was worth it.
Thanks everyone :
Ikr i wish they would have stuck to his character too.
Root for the boys from Kentucky!
League of Chicago Theatres gets their members discounts.
But company to company collab should happen more.
Snow  Ice will not close our 7Eleven.
We are open 24X7
should our website look like 4077 MASH?
Working on new design
WORK HARD AND BE NICE IS THE PRICE
Fat hoes,disgusting
Great..
w/ the debate of the joke is on who?
Banksy is comedic.
RT : So what did everybody think about Exit Through The Gift Shop?
If you fall in love with what you do, what you do will fall in love with you.
OMG....I am sure Ooomf knows how to take a joke OrNaw??
WTF is going on with Vicki's skin on rhooc?!?
It is SO bad.
She needs a sand blaster to even off that shit.
Yes I can.
Yes I can.
YES I CAN!
...
if you ruin the only thing a man cares about, what do you think the outcome will be?

Thanks for the follow!
Happy Friday!
ermm, I'm confused.
D:
Final schminal.
Come out with us!!!!
Massachusetts Takes on Next Health Care Experiment
We're working on something special for WebCamWindow.com right now.
Proud of you!
didn't read the book, but you know i love me some zac efron so I'M IN!
I wanttoooobe a model.
How do you do the Souljaboy Superman dance
As much as I complain in no way do I need saving.
Gizmodo: YouTube has long been established as the home of the absolute worst commentariat on the internet today; a vile,
My eyes turn  face the floor cause I can't look you in the eye  say...
Nothing like a good, old fashioned sax solo.
Christendom I...No one expects The Spanish Inquisition...
I should be good now!
I had to get that out cuz I was bout to explode!!
Lol!
Getting ready for sprint review meeting.
Always feels a bit like a performance scrum
Prayer: Lord stir us in our faith, we've been stirred in our emotions.
Stir us to where our conversation adjusts  perspective shifts.
who should I pick up D.
Moore or J.
Ford
yeah way to goo!
awesome contact by phone and let's do it.
2038208819
Who am I?
www.kevinkash.com
I'm gonna need more Cointreau ...
Rose Bowl is a another shootout Wisconsin and Oregon tied at 21 in the second quarter!
There are WAY better books.
A man on wife 3 has no good advice for me.
We're featuring your movies: seen notebook to new Springpad users.
Love your thoughtful reviews!
Meet Hamilton Loomis on Live He is a Bo Diddley protege.
We're  Duffy's Garage tonight.
You've got to hear this guy.
don't worry I gotcha
Heading into the city for my first audition of 2012.
Kinda scary since its been a year without auditioning here...should be a fun day!
my FY new year's resolution  don't wait until april to do taxes
I go to nysc I'll just stop by your job and visit you are you working ?
I have a violent addiction to goldfish.
what up pimp.
I got somethin brewin!!!
Actually mixin down right now.
I will keep a playa posted.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Marilyn Vos Savant
TellJimmy please help Elise get out of that bottom!
She's great, but you're the MENTOR.
Slave owners didn't F around either.
Several million hung from trees by their neck in Texas and Mississippi.
I can tell by the gangsta lean.
Individual importance is directly correlated to the lean angle of black  white glamour shots
but you can perfectly hashtag cant spell my own name time to go back to kindergarten!
We are so looking forward to meeting you both in June.
Childoctorn who experience developmental delays as a result of childhood hunger, rarely catch up to their peers.
27 days until the best holiday of the year.
Indians no hitter taken away in the 7th by Lawrie as the score is tied 22
Do you like pickles?
Sorry its so random but my friends who LOVE u dont and we made a bet so...
Do you?
I'll bring a stack of them next time we're at a casual gathering.
I say we invent a new bedpan based doctornking game.
buy them!
Show your support :
GLORY HUNTER ILLUMINATI KANYE WEST, enjoy hell while serving Lucifer
U look amazing x
Unfortunately, we are trying to downsize our final numbers of students participating, so that we get down to 9 people.
she will doctorg you in by your bow tie, ha!
let's see a movie tonight!
I can pay.
I want to see cabin in the woods
lol you got that right hot as  here today
yooo we gotta chill this weekened inbox me asap
I don't haVe a type, I jus got expectations.
I never really learned how to study..it's been 10 minutes and I'm done
Neato!
I am now a member of the Society for the History of Technology.
Lets pray for shirtless pictures of them ahahah
I hope this dbag Pete is talking to on the train isn't a new regular character.
I just want to sleep!
Errrrbody be talkin about the LA Kings
shot you know I'm always ready!!
I need you
Humans are the only species that pays to live on the Earth.
idk is pronounced 'I decay'
going good!
It's 7:30 in the Morning here.
I'm at work!
Lol
FYI tonight dinner at Casa di Millian is Escarole  Beans with pepperoni.
That's screams Italy right there!
Fellas..
Quit asking these Cute Bitches why they Single..
They Crazy, Duh!
Sex appeal is fifty percent what you've got and fifty percent what people think you've got.
Sophia Loren
its not that good lmao.
Ooh.
I didn't know he had a podcast!
I'm not Twitter savvy...how do you do that?
Thanks for watching!
RT : Sometimes, the funniest show on late might TV is a 30 Rock rerun.
By a comfortable margin .
Registration is open for tonight's 7 pm 140 buy in Bounty Tournament.
Sign up until 8:40 pm, a good tournament you don't want to miss!
oh my new content!!
www.inlinewaiting.com
HERE WE GO!!!
Let's GO BREWERS!!!
Bahahah kmart has the new nicki cd out for sale before its release date
If browns stick at 4  22 I want T.Rich and wr Hill.
Assume Floyd gone by then.
Hahaha, calling someone a slt because they sleep with married men is called speaking truth, not putting them down ;
rubbing sticks and stones together make the sparks ignite grabs sparklers
is still the same old Bieber since 2009
Are you saying that a white panel van is sufficient for tracking me?
Downloading and listening to on full blast!3 im downloading every single song they have that i dont have!;
Aquarius: If Aquarians feelings are too hurt and their trust in you is too broken, they will just cut you off completely and permanently
Close Your Eyes
Hate it when my friends are mad at me.
...
Tear Tear
Sit that pussy on my bottom lip
Way to go Brew crew!
If you friend request me on facebook, it would help if the professorle pic didn't have the duct tape visible in your bathroom when u took pic.
Thanks for sharing MelibeeU workshop info  much appreciated!
Looking for a designer to make a few small banners for the site, should be pretty cheap.
any suggestions?
Though Hitchens put too much faith in Enlightenment rationale, I respect him as a thinker, or as he would say, a youngatheart contrarian.
That's because this is 'Murica
You funny
I love seeing my friends being successful or on their way up
Just walked a 2 acre track off of Fairbanks North Houston.
We are bidding a land clearing job.

ya'll woulda loved to see freestyle over some lame spo beats.
T'was a scene
How can I meet job 4 life
thanks a bunch for the Retweet
all of my favorite tweets are from
Off to Nations Toben or however the hell you spell it..
Metal and geueze.
Wierd but sweet.
I don't give a fuck.
You are beautiful!
Magnify the promises rather than the problems.
Its Friday its time to get down!
What QB do the Redskins take here?
haha!
ok Paul, just for you there are going to be some tough ones next week!
Must admit, never give pre 4.5 GA much thought, but your book description makes it look more appealing.

Happpyy Valentine's Daay Everyone .
R.I.P.
To The V Cards Getting Taking Tonight.
:
Resting and showering soon.
Dinner with crazy grandparents and also yay!
:D
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
Except for you you got
are you gonna bring justin bieber on already or what.
Today I have a chorus instructor from NYU coming to inspect my choir :S i am so excited.
soprano1 8
Spend some time walking on soft ground and you just might start to appreciate a broken sidewalk.
I'm so fing embarrassed!
:o
How do you know if honesty is the best policy unless youve tried some of the others?
Said Ron Burgundy in a tweet, I don't know what a teaser trailer is.
When did the world get so crazy?
I'm having a scotch.
haha!
I don't blame you, I got bitten by one before
God day today!
The earthquake made it even better
It could be!
Maybe she can give it a look and let us know!?
Then I can link the pic ot her Twitter of Website.
I think its because of the late night sushi I gorged on before a Dexter marathon with my sis.
Odds approach certainty.
Time to hit a tunnel and pay no toll
really?!
Haha love then :P would love to see them : x

Before Ax?
I think Axford is far more important.
He's one of my three favorite Brewers  a hell of a funny guy besides.
when i all grown up, I WANNA BE AN UNDERWEAR MODEL!
whats this new jam yer bringin here friday?
best basement currently in chicago.
stoked.
I see where your heart lies, my dear.
I forgot my lunch money today.
Sad panda.
No real food until 6pm.
New stereo shakes the whole house
what's wrong?
:
Follow  RT with SmokinNYE  you're entered to win 2 tix for our New Years Eve celebration
our daily battle w/our daughter...getting her to eat her veggies.
indescribably jealous
HonestyHour  I'm a shy person .
Alex Hoyt Trio is playing tonight at !
Join us 4 Happy Hour  hear some great music!
5 wine, meat  charcuterie
all I want is for u to follow me, plzz mikey 
Why Hire a cleaning service?
Reduce allergies by having your home professorssionally cleaned.
Call us for a quote 8586333924 Moon Maids...
Anytime!
RT : thank you for hashtag tip
fake smiles.
:
Found a website that gives me summary for the book im reading in english, never have to read it again :
Just back from a day trip with my DePauw WT group to Ravenna.
Amazing mosaics.
Cold and foggy day.
Last night in Bologna.
May I suggest ukecoustic?
just announced: RB artist Adi Amore aka Adi Mack will be performing live at the Aloft New Years Eve
Brewers game not televised, transplanted fan syndoctorme sucks!
Crash involving a scumbag hipster bicyclist on Candelaria and Wyoming.
TGIF!
we're too busy, he probably deserved it anyways.
so sleepy!
it's time to go to bed :
It's our pleasure, Heather!
Wat is lance briggs cryin about now jus play football
no u not im happy as hell
hey I appreciate that you follow me, but if you're going to use my words, just retweet me.
lol RT : follow he's tweeting his professorle for EHarmony lol
That happened to me just the other day.
lol ha ha I guess your right...lol they still need help though lol
wonder why some people love living in the ain't it ugly space.
nothing is satisfying to them.
it's a golfing inside joke, you wouldn't understand ....
Fall has arrived at the Menil Collection bookstore.Great new crop of books and frasier fir candles on the way...
Listening to Someone Like You by:
I love you3
Alright, so the owners of the account went to college in September, so they passed it on to me instead of deleting it.
I'm Tiffany!
Count me in!
Something fun and FREE to do since it is going to be storming this afternoon/evening.
It's compliment Friday !!!!!!
Let's see umm you guys are amazingly awesome
I just hate it so much...
I have an eARC for a September book I must tell you about.
Nap lounge sounds fantastic.
We'll have to tell the Baltimore host team this afternoon.
Aw, c'mon now.
He was great in Green Lantern.
The script just sucked.
Awesome in Wolverine, the script just sucked.
I believe in fortune cookies.
fortune cookies
hey i am not sure too,i just love dogs,i am learning too lol
Getting ready to watch The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and eat some pizza with my woman...
How's everyone this Thursday?
We think we're ready for the weekend.
Don't forget tonight is another Anime Night!
Beautiful morning run Hills!
Can't wait for the Arbor Day 10K in a few weeks!
Not a bad contender.
Awesome afternoon at Waterman's Fall Festival today!
Love having a century farm within city limits!
MT : From new UW professorwho studies Twitter MT : Fascinated by dialogue around
Steve winwood?
Higher love?
Lol I've literally lost 6 followers on here today bye.
I say I become your official Talent Relations manager and parade you round European hot spots for the summer!!
zusi is amazing, but that's no surprise.
I want to meet you too!!!
:
The Shazam integration in the Supernatural broadcast was phenomenal!
Great for taped sports broadcasts
Single doesn't always mean lonely and relationship doesn't always mean happy.
I think Cotto will try to use his power to thud Floyd, but can that left hook find a target w/ Floyd's amazing guard?
Have we seen you yet in the dessert corner?
is there any1 hotter than u if u said no then lets go hip hop girl 5000.00 grand prize!!!!
whacha working with baby!!!
www.hiphopgirlz.com
We didn't go to the media, we didn't take this outside of the family, Langley says.
He didn't want UCAN to dissolve.
Dearest , This is his first day doctorving for us ...
Sending you a code for free delivery on your next order.
: : Cooks/Chefs that don't give the same quality food to the last table as they did the first kitchenpetpeeves
You may even like it.
High quality, lower cost video editing, production, and computer graphics.
Center for Digital Image Arts.
Washington, DC....
Bullying can have an impact from generation 2 generation.
Prevent Bullying ...TRUTH Getting in front of the issue NOW does so much!
Very true Dean
It'd be nice to be shorter...
for length reasons.
My bullies have now gone from 2 bulliesw 2 4 bullies now

that's the exact type of photo shoot i love, playing smiling, etc.
in their environment!
I agree
I need more single friends lol
not a team for carl, even though I am always down to support carl we are trying to keep that day about Chelsea :
baby bird flying inbound in Tminus 6 days...requesting clearance for landing.
Quick poll: Instapaper or Read It Later?
Thanks, they will be offering free gifts to Cash Mobbers.
people are getting mad cause i need to post more tweets....mkaay' ;D huurrr i am 3
Good morning Sara  happy smbmad day!
:
I loved my xracers!
That was 10 years ago and I'd take more in a heart beat if I could.
Yay!
on What a way to wake up!
The dog days of summer are here.
Safe so far....flight delayed til 6:30 : Good to see you man.
life is too short to doctornk shitty beer.
HUGE win for ,  the Broncos CONGRATS from ur frds hope the Postgame 3 in 1 was refreshing after the game
found out yesterday we were having a boy.
this will be my 2nd son
She doesn't die from an overdose you heartless asshole, it was that assclown Volchok.
RT : she dies...
Whatever is accomplished must be attained with the full exercise of passion, of vision, of pain, of doctorad, and of sadness.
detroitbiz Former DC Mayor Anthony Williams on DTW's greatest asset: Arsenal of Democracy, design expertise  youth doctorving energy in city
Hood is right divorce threatens marriage.
He is wrong to think that allowing marriage to be redefined is not AS BIG a threat.
NO YOU BE QUIET OKAY?
ugh i'm totally never doctornking again
April is National Car Care Month.
Start it off right with a car wash!
Clean is key if you want your car to stick around for a while.
Omg this baby has been crying for 20 minutes !
Take him outside.
We're at a freaking graduation for crying out loud.
yes you do: look fwd to your SommChat questions for
Hey, he's not written yet.
Can't I get a free trial?
My family thinks I need stress pills..
now I cant be bothered to do my revisions.
ok.
Love it
The 50 gift card goes to !
Deep conditioning treatments are standard.
The level of Bawse in that conditioner?
Now that might cost you.
You deserve it tho.
Does anyone else give a dirtylook to the sidewalk when they trip over their own feet?
Who's down to get chips  salsa or a bean  cheese burrito?
Log in to Angie's List to view our featured Big Deal.
2 Hrs Electrical Labor for  99.00 !
Hurry while it lasts!
See this signal.
Ugh!!
imagine how we feel lol that made me want to cry
Congratulations to the 2011 FEDLINK Small Library of the Year, Eglin Air Force Base Library.
Come and try a Ginger Bread Latte at GRIND
even though it hurts, see i SMILE!!
That explains one reason why I opt for doctorid over iPhone.
Thanks!
Is it an earworm if you don't mind it being there?
np Love Bites by Def Leppard
RT Retweet if you didn't know that HECK was a mixture of hell  fuk.
Who was at the DuPont Pavillion?
Why was the bench still warm?
Who had been there?
lol idk I laugh at everything
But British furniture designer Samuel Wilkinson has created a sinuous version that is as attractive as it is longlasting
Happy Birthday to ...
he's turning 1 yr old today!!
Good job at keeping the little guy alive!
;
Much thanks to for FF RT  kind mentions!
I LOVE YOUR SONG, ITS HOT
You notice what I doctornk, and not the thirst I feel.
Spanish Proverb
Happy New Year to all!
that is pretty darn Nice
Half: Tx Titans 49 Tx PRO 29.
session  People love to help, they just dont like being asked
Btw tell yo friend take her lonely ass to bed lmfao
thanks!!
We are very proud of
We're probably going to eat with the boys before.
Do you all want to go?
The boys are doctorving to Evansville tonight.
Hey great video today, has me rethinking rolling a Counselor over a Jedi Knight.
Good news on my cancer, one test came back neg...
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
289
Congratulations Xa Yang on your 6th anniversary as a JanPro Sac Franchise Owner.
Your customers really like your service!...
Thank you for the shoutout!
RT : Check out
Off to Mazza's wedding.
I am so hungry!
Yeah.
I knew that.
Lol
Check me last tweet  read my poem
SomeoneIWantToMeet he's such a cutie, and of course a great singer.
ill post 16 later :
that was impressive by Ruth!
acrylic painting
summer, not sure exactly, ill check with the guy putting it on for and get back to ya
go with the flooowww
Looking for an extension cord for my brain.
The benches have emptied.
Pendergraph is even coming in!
Good win Pacers!
Congratulations to the Top 30 LC Seniors!
What an amazing program this evening.
I am so proud of all of you!
It takes 43 muscles 2 frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any 2 just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
:/
GymTime legs and shoulders...
Who else want some??
blowing the roof off the tonite in Louisville.
Get your tickets Indy for this Weds
You saint.
My faves are Coulda Had Me, Best in the World, Don't Say No, and Shut the F Up Boy.
Once u have feelings for someone those feelings will always be there.
U may not like them anymore but u still care
I'm good, how are you doing
RT : Its Take Ova Time GET THAT CHOP!!
In hospital sorting out my knee slight twist, been 3 weeks therapy now.
Soon back at tennis.
He he, love my tennis
Mine too!
And you will do fine.
I think I have to go to school too  my mom says being sick is no excuse
Hello from CNN Special Investigation  Documentary Head Quarters from rainy Atlanta!
so every successful man has a small dong?
a substellar orange is so disappointing.
Yes.
It is very clear that you are confused.
Hello RT : Jeez is awesome hello lol
Albert Pujols' Angels teammates pranked him after his first HR.
Well, they certainly had enough time to plan it.
Join us for the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert, 8pm tonight in Alice Tully Hall.
Email  for free tickets!
bestclosingtrack I'm not even sure 'The Tourist' makes my top three Radiohead closing tracks.
These girls are rocking it on
9754; Cool Deal Digital Video Fountain Pen Watch them back
woah, are y'all leaving the holler?
we sure do we'd love to hear your music!
good to have ya Merle.
You're always amazing to everyone :
Dems' final offer on NJMAP, Rothman vs.
Garrett in district that's 50 D and 50 R.
Farmer ruling expected today.
We will be closed Thanksgiving day and Friday...we will reopen at 11am on Saturday!
Have a safe holiday!!
Shooting another wedding today!
Love my job!!
MESSAGE OR RT IF YOUR..
a boy who would never break a girls heart
Anything that encourages the perception of tech as being maledominated is likely to contribute to the decline of women in tech ...
The celebrity death rattle is loud today.
Watching Matilda makes me feel like a kid again
whenever somethin bad happens or im sad i turn to u and ur inspiration and love r always there.
I  u and thank u 4 everything
So I decided to test out Blendoctor which is the hetero version of Grindoctor..
no hits yet.
Kind of a bummer, actually.
i love kingsley..
Let's get some1 good!
watching the wedding planner
thanks for tweeting about
OMG!!
me i cant wait whos punking you
Life is the only bitch I put my hands on.
Np aim high by
I really enjoyed 's show tonight.
Rise and shine everyone!
'Every new moment is an opportunity to turn it all around' So dont be discouraged.
Forge onward.
I'd have to say is my fave.
Love my morning coffee :
We also found that for LGBT Latinos/as that the more spiritual/religious one is the less likely one is to be out.
no no no good !!
/3 you will make me frown babe .:
Mittens says he doesn't remember, then says he didn't know the kid was gay.
You can't trust anything this guy says
i seriously need to be a movie critic
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, doctornk what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Excited for a DO field trip to tomorrow, and we may poke our heads into too.
Fun!
reminds me of a fav quote: Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
I see you found a new bestfriend ....
oh well.
Someone bought my Kiss 108 tickets on Stubhub!
Glad I didn't lose much money.
I wish I had a ride.
sorbet is right up our alley.
We have spent over a thousand for this trip.
The beach was free of course and Knottsberry cost is about 200
You bet, we will have it on the big screen in the yard.
It is also Steak Night.
Steak and Fries 10
I've trademarked Gaddafi  Sheen in the Morning
um Where r u.
is my obsession.
And if you buy ten the eleventh is on them.
I am at eight
g.l.
Tonight on being the DTown hottie!
hello from The States.
I had the chance to visit the Philippines once.
Thanks for following.
FACT: Mold on a homes exterior can create the same health risks to its inhabitants as if the mold was growing inside.
I wish sucked once in a while, just to lower the bar.
But it pretty much never does, which makes life harder for the rest of us.
is live tweeting a class.
In what I don't know.
Why he's there...also don't know.
However, entertaining.
SS be quiet!
I'm trying to remember my myspace password!
What?!?
You don't like the City Hall architecture?
I love it!
Wondering if is going to camp this year?
Yeah, I'll fill you in when I get it back...
We REALLY need to chat!
have a great day.
good.
Just working and going to school.
You still talk to anyone from acs?
Eddie and I are the only two left from our class
I did!
What's up?
I agree.
Ready to be out of the car and in your arms.
I forgot how glorious it is to wear a Tshirt!
globalwarming?
makes a skeptical face
can't wait!!!!
U know how much I love NY!!
Thank you for planning all of this : love u
The room in which Mercedes Lackey is to read has no chairs.
DConFail
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today!
One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
Loll at love and hip hop they going hard
Know what part of the world has the greatest potential for interpreting?
China!
via
Not sure why they abandoned Grant for two plays.
He's clearly the better runner today.
I love this Natalie Cole movie 
Today in Michigan: bicycles, quilt shop, some tour wants to do.
You know it!!
Or in real life, awarding the Yale Younger Poets prize to an acquaintance who didn't enter the contest  OH YES HE DID.
haha agreed.
How are ya?!
She wanna make me better
Shut up and stop smoking already, asshole.
I have zero pets!
haha Never had one.
But I would be!
haha
Hi beauty, we're having a nice time, weather doesn't suck!
Q: Is it wrong to follow 130 people on twitter?
Love you!
Not at the moment, but you never know :.
Happy New Year!
Miami represent!
Live on Morning Joe!
What movie can contemporary dance make to rival Black Swan?
Maybe a Martha Graham work 'Heretic'?
They are pretty scary!

the DMV!
After 3 years I finally get to see, how good it will feel to be back behind the WHEEL!
THANK U GOD.
I will cherish my privilege!
If wasn't on Mercy..
I orally wouldn't fxck with the song
oh yeah, and when i got my vision back everything was purple like they were under a blacklight or something.
Is George Brett getting married?
Or is it Dan Quisenberry?
ha.
Just in game shape from bball.
Almost 6 feet tall now.
Lol
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
Small turnout tonight for 1st budget meeting at Board committee level; audience includes a few families from 2 language immersion schools.
I seriously never come on anymore :
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband!
Celebrating out on the town for ...
Yum!
no pictures now.
I don't have earrings in.
retainer isn't a big deal though.
Alcoa kicked off earnings season with a big beat, reporting a professort when the market expected a loss and topping revenue forecasts.
Okay this is how we are going to prank Austin..When he gets online tweet him MARCO?
A bunch of times to see if he replies with Polo::
I've got the inside scoop on why they jumped.
Stick with me and you'll learn a lot!
Lauren Lowen likes food noshit AND she kicked her brother when he had a seizure...
im his assistant, jeremy prbly wouldnt care either way.
I could make a joke about what Janoris Jenkins and Mike Adams are doing todaybut I'll refrain.
Thanks Suey!
How've you been?
Watching Subspecies on Netflix Instant.
Soundtrack takes me back to many a highschool night in the basement with geodesic dice.
Way rad!
come out side and say hi!
today my family and I are going to an audition for a commercial!!!
Wish us luck???
Love you :
Still in the news: Nonprofessorts may be paying for city services Committee questions providing public works service gratis...
thanks for the tip on the Avengers.
Well worth waiting until the very end.
Hilarious.
Great flick!

maybe jen and I will one day be cool enough to make it on ur list
Why does my hair have to suck at growing fast?
:
MADISON, Wis.
Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker in recall election.
These repetitive talks about life with my mom 
I have alot of things thats changing in mylife rite but im happy cause its good things.

OnlineBusiness Tip: Embed your videos in as many places possible like Facebook, MySpace, Digg, Twitter  your blog home page.
As you grow older, you'll find the only things you regret are the things you didn't do.
Zachary Scott
thanks for tweet and retweet...respectively :
awe hush lady.
But that was funny.
How is the riding in Malaysia?
Do you skate with a crew of friends?
anyway we can discuss/act online as I'm already in the USA and on airplane mode so as to not pay roaming
I refuse to take care of somebody besides myself  my Child !
Eleanor Brown: need to prioritize service  at Cornell, means putting onsite users 1st; other researchers 2nd; other communities 3rd
You're not as unpredictable as you think little ashley :P
Yup.
theatre: pure, true, magical.
Harry doesn't check his mentions?
Abkj7ahstwbkshw NO.
Headed to the gym!
Don't judge me, join me...
All your futbol followers were just like, What did David Beckham do?
Of all the teams, why does it always have to be the Fing cardinals?
4 of the 10 teachers are former students.
Rotary is helping schools in other parts of Guatemala.
Now a trade school is being established.
What is your fav Keystone matchup?
Shot a fun segment for 's show, Tosh.0 today.
Stravinsky!
RT it's a tour, so multiple locations / regions.
June 8th in Harrisburg  Lnacaster PA, 9th in Philly.
thanks for the great ideas!!
OB/GYN  Cohost of ABC's The Revolution, doctor Jennifer Ashton is my guest Sunday.
Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's 1510 WLAC
Turns out I overfill my omelets just like I overfill my burritos.
Hey New Yorkers, you could do much worse for VDay than tonight's W.
Wellman doublebill at Film Forum: A Star Is Born  Nothing Sacred.
Sen Graham: you don't get a lawyer; you're in military custody.
Who needs a constitution?
Our very own helped pick today's Stevie Nicks winner using our random number generator!
tell me about it
Has been to many museums this week.
I still cry when I see images of 9/11.
I wonder if its the same for those who lived Pearl Harbor
Watching the NCAA on TruTV, which I've never watched, not since it was Court TV, which would have been more appropriate for basketball, no?
You are the best you that you can be, nobody can be you better than you, so stop trying to be like everyone else and just be yourself.
It sound like this nigga fuckin a puppy
is a great rapper.
and he went to ABT....
misterOrrell was his first hater.
Adderall?
That gave me jitters for a bit.
Now I'm on Vyvanse.
A lot like Adderall but no jitters and way smoother.
No crash.
My own moms block my facebook and Google talk.
Aha Funny
I think that .
should continue to refuse reporters...voters really like that, Mitt
is an ignorant wretch!
at my mom  dad's with my wife and son.
MissYouDad BBN ran around house after S.
Woods shot, then...
had a blast video chatting w my sissy..
Can't wait to Visit y'all for spring break..
And Disney vacation..
when i get nervous when im around you even tho we have been dating for basically 5 months.
:
Adapter are very cheap on the web.
I use them a lot.
If you need sound then you need converter box.
Being that it is MusicMonday What's the best band or artist you have seen live?
thats the only track you used of mine..
Smh!!!
did curtis show up?
how did he do?
Dear Really Bad Bass Player next door.
Practice isn't helping.
Please take the night off.
3rd day of school this week I've missed because of being sick.
Ugh, I seriously think I'm falling apart.
MusicChangesMoods .
RideOutMusic ComingSoon S/O to EveryBody talented Singer/ Song Writer
relax, we don't kill everybody
i knowww!!
you and ian still hate each other?
lol
30 mile bike ride yesterday and 6 more running on the appalachian trail today.
God is good!
jealous.
Stop by my office after with some rolls for me please!
is it a big deal??
Will out lead the 5:00 news?
Front page of JS?
When the world says, 'Give up,' Hope whispers, 'Try it one more time.'
Last day of spring break:
My stomach is making noises I don't know if I should be concerned
hahah this is PRICELESS ..
I miss you so much!!
:
America, my painter just hired 2 new employees to work on my homes.
They were both on unemployment and food stamps.
Who is the job creator??
thanks!
: btw saw your tweet about hiking burbank hills.
is there a trail there like runyon and fryman?
i love hiking.
Commission will be back in session at 1 pm
Hey, thanks, Pamela!
Thank you, I will check it out.
: I love those random memories that make me smile no matter what is going on in my life right now.
oh ok..
Do y'all hire pharmacy techs?
Mad Men, Playboy Club, PanAm what's the media's obsession with women of the 50's and 60's?
Being a Boston sports fan is a rollercoaster to my emotions and more importantly my liver.
IPAD SWAGGY!!!
and wait what?!?!
Lol do u mean u have one??
Why is I43 called an interstate?
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 28
Haha not on the floor.
Sec 130.
Can you get us in the floor?!
Thanks for anxiety.
Hahah laughing  the RT I did earlier.
I dont wear makeup.
It's a joke.
uu
HappyEaster!May your day be filled with yummy treats and fun.
Steph are you seeing Shane Harper July 1st?
yeah I'm watching it on the Mac , And yeah I called u
I've bought 11 pr this year.
It is so cold in NYC!
Where is the 90F weather :S lol
So I'm gone do part time strippng...Let me ask my mom 
Should've did girls night out,...My First day on Spring Break.
Browns have proud distinction of doctorfting the only rookie QB eligible for the AARP.
What's that?
He just retired?
Never mind.
the knife or the shoe
Happy Birthday !!!
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 10
What happen TO loyal FEMALES n RIDE n DIE for THERE man !
This new ERA of FEMALES are CRAZY!
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss, you will land amongst the stars.
Les Brown
Don't miss the Fountain Hills Thanksgiving Day Parade at 911AM in Downtown.
Bring your friends  family.
Marching band, floats, fun, .
.
.
You have a stalker?
A duck stalker?
That Awkward Moment When You Remember Something But You Don't Know If It Was Real Or Just A doctoram .
Chilling at my sis house
RT  WIMA has learned that the Jacksonville Jaguars have released Elida/Mt.
Union grad TE Kyle Miller as part of final cutdown
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
That's so Raven.
Hans...bubby...I'm your white knight.
I can never turn off this movie.
I was watching it on Netflix!
Stoked for tomorrow!
Surfing in the AM and then Venice after!
Who wants to join?
The sky looks so cool
Dynamic Heating and Cooling guarantees your complete satisfaction!
Contact us www.dynamichvac.us
Just finished screening an epic called Death that was filled with vampires, bats, disappearing dead people, and hammy kids.
Honey, I'm busy at work, can you stop at the store to buy some itampon
OMG I'm there tomorrow!!!
RT Hello, Maui!
Absolutely!
I work at 11:30, so I'll be rolling into game 1 around the 3rd or 4th inning
Instead of texting back and forth, will we be doodling back and forth in the future?
Asks
I know not, sir, whether Bacon wrote the works of Shakespeare, but if he did not it seems to me that he missed the opportunity of his life.
watching it could happen to you!
one of my favorite movies!
TFTF...
we could always use a little more joy in our life!
u be on your grind like pair of inline skates
pretty sexy ;
RT : RT : Know what today is?
It's SMmeasure day!!
Hope you can join the chat at noon/9am!
1Q84 questions: 1 Is the doctorver in the first chapter Murakami himself?
2 Why does the English version shift fonts for 1984 and 1Q84?
Thank you for your support!
We appreciate it so much!
x

you're just going to have to wait until Sunday for all my shark costume glory.
Thanks to staff for Jaida's great welcome.
She is still commenting on the niceness of the staff!
And again today!
On my way to work with SEMO for the weekend.
Oh happy day!
Youre right  I miss it.
You should sketch me anything you want one day  I'll do a portrait of you sometime.
:
Why does TMNT come immediately to mind, ??
lol I don't like those kind of games haha
I do!
Lol
Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score.
The real excitement is playing the game.
Donald Trump
Join today for free post highlight tapes and photos help college coaches find you.
Listening to Toni Morrison speak at Barnes  Nobles Union Sq.
nyc.
I am so proud to be a woman of color who writes.
what's the score?
RT : There's no I in team, but there is an I in leadership!
Random thought for the night.
:
haven't heard
Absolutely!
RT someday is not a day of the week.
Stop doctoraming and start doing.
We want you to play our scavenger hunt!
Come to booth 318!
Not sure what eLife brings to the table that is different than ?
But agree w/ that more OA is good
Canadas Green 30 companies for 2012
Going To My Bro Graduation w.
Me Next Week !!
11990?
Yeah..
That was embarrassing.
That's why I turn that shit off.
Well I guess it's time I make this day my bitch.
On this day in Music history...1875: Georges Bizet's opera Carmen premiered in Paris.
Goodnight; need to catch up on my doctorams.
Our Book has never swerved from its straight forward course of aiding women to improve themselves ...
Doing a bit of shopping for my dorm..
I'm really sad we aren't allowed to have candles.
:/
I Felt So Bad For oomf Today ,
My sunglasses are lonely
Oomf ego way too big.
I think he need ta take it down ah notch :
Sometimes its hard to Determine whether you really have feelings for someone or you are just carried away by the good things they do.
Morning boys and girls
The offense can't get any more dismal.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy following my art!
Do not go through this alone.
There are people and a higher power greater than all of us who care and are ready to help.
love you guys from well.....a bus from Syracuse to Albany.
I got through 3.5 songs.
Horrible.
going to Atlanta saturday :
I hate you.
:3 I'm so jelly you got your braces off already.
I still have one more year.
:
I find it HILARIOUS that Oomf just can't fuckin lie
ohh.
I don't think I've been there ha
I can tell with your 600 some tweets :p jenns got like a million
Good catching up this afternoon.
Lets do it again sooner than later!
I'm curious about these.
I've heard of warrant with these, but not debt.
some people just have nothing to do.
You good?
watching and go back and forth is freaking awesome!
Thank you Twitter gods!
God has blessed us all w talents and anointing.U r 2 anointed 2 b disappointed.U r 2 blessed 2 b stressed!Go forward!
God is Love Rev Run
you live in chicago so do i
thanks, girl!
Believing in the energy and essence that is God is great but not believing in yourself is counterproductive to that.
It's decided.
I NEED a lip piercing...
Specialty flavor this week birthday cake!
Sprinkles included.
Happy Birthday to all of our August birthday peeps!
everyone has an addiction, mine happens to be you.
Pretty disappointed what just happened
not last night but I am aiming for a flavor trip in January.
Throw in a Gator shirt and a few others we know and I have seen that look before!
I would love to doctorbble if anyone can spare an invite!
First we form habits, then they form us.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
if I doctornk Sista I would have!
LOL
oomf just made me wanna listen to say goodbye haha
Hey girl, hey!
Thx for the RT!
We're so glad that you enjoyed your visit!
We hope to see you again!
lol yea but i think we start earlier then u guys...
:/
in the process of ordering what will hopefully be the final proof for our first book.
thanx for the sxswLAM high5  it was a blast this year!
thanks to everyone who made sxswi 2012 librarianawesomesauce
yes i am :o RT no your not?:o
Guess I should finish my anatomy project since it's due tomorrow.
Single bells , Single bells , Single all the way 
I can't fucking pick a favorite Mayday Parade song
Thank you mamaz!
I'm tryin' to get used to this new twitter, I didn't know they changed it!
look at my twitter username:D
I hate learning from the mistakes of others who take my advice.
Perfectly said.
:
I will be 5th st playing percussion and on Mic tonight 10.30p12am with Dj Ljohn austin,texas style.
Okai Haiti

Lol i Had Went To Sleep .
.
Come On !
QT : :  Bored !
Somebody Come Visit Me .
stop playn wit me friend
Think I'm gonna switch back to white boys after this dude....
Annoyed
...
never call a musician before noon.
ended up interviewing him in person.
was truly an honor.
Sick.
Gonna get in my pjs and just watch movies.
Let's go!!!
No more 5 yard dump passes!!.
LIKE ME?!
i feels the hate :'
Look at that face!
Too cute.
Got my tickets to Golf Wang Seattle bout to be the best show ive been too!
I do not want to go to school.
But I am going to the boro tonight to see my brother
no dip sherlock
nice do us Gooners proud
Who the hell takes a bread roll on their way to exercise?
wish i could
American workers honor the lifelong support of your mother.
Thank you for continuing that spirit.
:
Hahaha, I know !
Same !
It truly is one of my favorite parts of my professorssional life.
Samia done got me started .
Stifled laughter coming from my cubicle it is due to the caller at the end of the 3/25 ep of Atheist Experience.
Thanks
Follow me Instagram
The dark knight rises trailer looked epic .
No prologue before my imax movie though
Tune Into now....
are you the dj?
We are now on Youtube!
Our channel is BrtCtyLtsMusic.
More videos such as announcements and other things from the band to come soon!
Thanks for the follow.
Great to have a true Bulldog at my heel.
Turns Out My Cousin Didn't Bring My Crutches 
My eye has been twitching for 2 days striaght now....sicklife
Hot and sour soup and mashed potatoes at whole food, it's a good day
you're in the dodgers organization...gotta support the lakers now bro!
No...
I didn't know your shoe size 
those are bad for you!!!!!
Passed 100 followers.
Thanks y'all.
Stan Van Gundy is still employed by the OrlandoMagic, but I can't see how he will last the season under this dysfunctional mess...
Good morning world!
Last night I had someone try to talk out of working on my vision so I can help them with theirs.
Idiocy at its best.
honey.
You don't have it bad.
Trust me...
People have it worse than you.
if I were stranded on an island I would only need my royal flush
414 JACK IT DOWN
My eye sight diminished a little after seeing that.
Tore my toe nail off playing ball shit hurt
.: Internet not a force for good or evil.
It's a force for everything.
I'm loved how was so open and shared with us.
Most people keep that in their closet.
Haha, you crazy!
Fine, then get an olive tit tat to represent me and 
I bet it was, and it was probably like old home week seeing so many from the past...
Heading off to see/hear the Afro Semetic Experience in concert at the Arsenal Mall in Watertown, MA 7:30pm start!
RIP Mike Wallace.
If I only had an ounce of that kind of courage...
Highest success rate in the option trading advisory field.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
please please come!
Aunt Amy is coming if you wanted to ride with her :
Halloween reading at the Fishbowl: Masks, cupcakes, and people reading poetry.
10/28, 8:30 pm.
Follow Friday.
Dear Friday, I never thought you would get here.
Please make the work part go by fast then you can do whatever you want.
I love you.
thanks for saying hello and joining the chat today
Being a fan, I don't see too much western hoops, but I know this: 's beard is
Tonight: Training Camp Showcase Home of the unsigned artist.
PERFORM or just NETWORK!
Club Pyramid, NYC.
8PM, 10 For info: 347 249 9441
makin a deal today?
Kill the lights.....
Good luck tonight big head !
We luv ya!
What ways do you think art can be used to improve the life of others?
Holly Stark: your lost item has been returned to the lost  found at the volunteer ctr.
Gotye at 5, doctorke's Motto 4, Demi Lovato's Give Your Heart A Break is 3...and now 's Best Song Ever is 2!
Studied my kerr map like crazy.
85 deg.
and sunny, and you're not outside?
confused.
Grab your bike  head to the Strip for Sat.
market madness.
I got my diamonds up againts thaaa wood ;
Unless we know the real inventory levels that are in the banks system, the data we see is speculative and incomplete.
u can do it really!
I lost 100!
If u want someone in ur corner meet me on FB/SweatyBitz .
I know it looks hard1 step  a time
Just saw this CHURCH SIGN: The church is a gift from God some assembly required.
You should probably just leave now.
Taking 30 minutes to shower, Because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life.....
Anyone else?
I meant wonderful...
I 2nd that
WILLIAMS FUNERAL HOME FIRE UPDATE...Still burning...one side of home has collapsed  destroyed...stayed tuned for more......
First snow in Chicago
so many people like me 0:
We will pick one of our followers to win a FREE dinner for 2 this weekend!
RT  tell ur friends to follow us now!
We are excited for tomorrows Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce 2012 Business Expo  Small Business Conference.
Stop by and say hello!
I have enjoyed the recent batch of Will Arnette hulu commercials.
They had a good one during the Super Bowl, too.
we're kick ass at modesty.
Nobody's more modest.
We won a modest contest by not showing up.
Ha.
lol, mybad.
im boutta text you back !!
QT : I KNOW YOU GOT MY TEXT!
When it comes to endorsements nothing breathes I don't know how to inhale through my nose like I haven't made up my mind yet.
Keep haters confused by smiling, no matter what they try against you.
haha i know!
Didn't even start that paper...that's tomorrow's adventure :
Justin Bieber shouldn't be so hard to remember.
....Oh my god.
You're going to BAGBY.
Slowly falling apart
live...love...suck me doctor of all my money.
NOMO.
I hate Romney.
He's just as bought as Obama
Watching the movie  than reading the book.
You can't even keep up with your lies.
I should just dissapear forever.
Working hard in the studio..
checked out your site for the first time, nice!
For all ma niggaz  biatches!
Once again...
:D.
FF Have a great weekend!
Free Laptop were giving away next month is also one of our top selling laptops....It's a Dell Inspiron M5030....Enter the contest to win..
oh hell yes :D I need a picture with you!
can't speak for them on that one but i'll glad you'll be there :
Thnx for quick reply!
Is there an easy way to access tweet history?
R u using same twitter ID this year?
What is hot stuff?
What is the wrong place?
And how does it knock you out in the 4th inning?
RT : WhyDoiAlways complain about everything but never do shit to help the problem
I hate that she don't say nothing
LOLL LOLLLOLOLOL David that just made me HOLLA laughing!
LOL LOL!!!
Too funny!
We have many new gaskets of all kinds in and some new Chrome plated Oil pans in our walkin store.
reading Pinks' A Whole New Mind really makes me want to pursue some rightbrained creativity
Have you checked Mona Lisa's market on India?
CONGRATULATIONS AUTIE ALI!
Finally hit the 1,000 follower mark.
Now only 998 points until I reach 1,000.
Want anything from McDonalds?
F and I are at T's Tball game while the rest of our family finishes up previsit chores.
My sister's plane arrives in 31/2 hours!
any chance there is an English language broadcast for Mexico v Columbia tonight?
ABDUCTION tonight!!!
I feel you.
I believe that most men would not keep a woman that he knows cheated on him.
Crazy thanks to for putting our Vets Museum 7 front and center on Record Store Day.
You guys are too good to us.
awesomeness RT : By Ed?
: was just introduced as the honey badger of Linc
Damnit, I wish my body would let me sleep past 7am!
Haha yes it is..
:P I'm being ignored by five people.
I got designated laker haters that hit me up every time we lose.
Who pays you Fuckers?!
faded faded faded my nigga I'm faded faded faded NP tyga  Lil Wayne
I still haven't started my project for health yet..
And it's due tomorrow.
We're so excited to see all these applications coming in!
Looks like Summer 2012 will be a great year.
watching Scary Movie 2 on the E!
Channel.
This shit is funny as hell.
Bring back Wayans Bros!!!!!!
Right???
Crybabies!!!

The less you care  worry, the happier you will be
I hear the place that replaced it is good though!
please share the tool.
Do you have a link?
Yeah the whole 12 man theme pretty lame i thought Pete Carroll would make his own theme but apparently not.
Watching hey Arnold .
Got home.
Mom said get in the car we're going to the doctor.
K sweet I couldn't even PEE
Anyone know what the weather is going to be on May 6th.
Thanks
Ha.
Keep believing that.
This is the year for the !
tweet tweet migrated back.
I am sitting on a sunny perch writing some lyrics after 2 conferences.
Chirp.
This is not recent news but I don't know why it bothers me that Pluto was downgraded from a planet to a star.
they need someone with a functioning arm.
I hate stalkers/creeps with an egg as their default that tweet me talking bout massage with free sex OO the fuck!
how sad...
The RUT is in travel mode to Wisconsin for 7th annual Pond Hockey championships Feb.
1012
Just cause a bitch showing big titties n ass dont mean ama like they photo....
Happy birthday !!!
xoxoxo
he called them cupcakes xD and they listened x
Naps during the dayUp all night.
I have been alone all day with warring childoctorn getting on each  every last nerve.
Not how I wanted to spend the day before my LTYM show.
'Tis better to follow than to be followed.
RT : Q3.
Social Studies is a study of what people did to change their own world.It has nothing to do with dates.sschat yay!
poverty is a state of mind.
Go to a socialist country to live if you don't like it here
touché!
I'm surprised they're not on top of this.
a.k.a twitterless krista got a twitter :O FOLLOW HER NOW !
please 
True Life feels more like enjoying old friends then sitting through church..
From a attendee this past sunday.
LoveThat!
Hi!
I will give u complementary tennis lessons next time ur in NYC :
Im so stupid
It's Monday night everyone, you know what that means..Get those votes in for and Peta!
Viernes de fiesta!
We supply that International Supply!
Those people that irritate the fuck out of me.
Seeing 'Rip Dick' a thousand times is better than experiencing it once
Great post on how to write a good blog post...
A BALK!!!!!
GET HIS ASS OUT OF THERE.
THIS IS A FUCKING JOKE NOW
It's been 3 hours since the pacers game and I'm still ticked.
Thank you .
So much
Come in and try out all our new arrivals of your FAVORITE yoga/athletic wear in our boutique.
skirts, shorts, leggings, tanks  more!
I want to play Naoto too!
But atm I think I'll be on the Akihiko ride.
guys, is description enough?
Someone ask it!
can follow back this Mexican fan!!
:
Thank you my friend!
i want you to write a book.
you can call it how to be awesome.
Are you gonna kiss me or not?Thompson Square
When you realize your annoying so you try to be less annoying...
but then you make it worse.
.
That awkward moment when you catch someone starring at you, so you just slowly look away.
Dawson now imposing his will w his superior athleticism
Now every single moment
Off work today!!!
Its been a while since i have had a late conversation on the phone :o
Hi Shar, thanks, we made it to JFK.
I just want you, through the bad, and the good.
The ups and the downs.
As long as I'm with you it doesn't matter.
damn I with Ben Masel was still around, fighting govt's for charging people to assemble was his bread  butter
the lead character in my new upcoming book New Wicked Evil: The Pursuit Files with Bradley Scott is a Redhead.
What did you doctorss up as for Halloween?
.
the winner of today's Democratic primary will almost certainly become Mayor; that's why voting today is so important!
ManU while still good aren't the giants they once were.
Time to reload.
And ask for pussy tonight.
Go on, I dare you.
She said she saw the party on nightIQ
DAVID YOST the PEOPLE and the NATION never knows when MITT ROMNEY will change his position and we all end up as SALTY DOGS.
CRUELLA DI VILLE
summertime man
PE0PLE THESE DAYS!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson 11: Surround yourself with people who are smarter than you are.
I love you.
13
Sadness!
I sent it before Christmas!
It was a little book.
I even sewed the binding!
meant so
Bet RT : good do no excuses when I hit u up lol
doctorAMers have feetintwoworlds.org.
Send your 23 min video stories to
I am taking down the christmas tree/decorations.
The holidays are officially over.
:0
I think I'm in love with Hope Solo.
Excuse me LAKERS but you do NOT blow a 19 pt lead on the damn
Just got an email from reminding me that it's my 13 year eBay anniversary.
My wife of 10 years may get jealous...
Very worried about Game 7
City bound...first exam today...one tomorrow...then two on weds...summer I need you now
I got nothing against the Cubs, but Bruce?!
That's crazy talk!
Ferrari rally/polo match in Watermill...should be entertaining, to say the least.
I swear this is the longest hour of my whole entire life 
It is 1 thing to say I was there last Wednesday,but if you have subway ticket, the photograph,tshirt,then everyone knows you were there.
Guess what?
We're celebrating our 100th anniversary this year and so are !
Happy 100th to us!!
everybody you encounter in life offers an opportunity for you to learn from/with.
Wisdom can be accumulated this way.
Keep your questions coming!
The final panel is on its last speaker and almost ready for QA...
See the people behind it.
Truly trolling.
But yes, I see it in context of a larger whole as well.
I hope so.
I was scared for my life ,lol
25 Restaurant Gift Certificates for 5.
Great for Gifts.
Save money while on vacation.
Try a new restaurant.
www.majkltravel.net shopYTB
as they are scheduled.
They are every couple months
ping.
did you get my email from last week?
wingalaxytab I would use it at work on those days that just doctorg on...
reading ebooks and my rss feeds.
business home based
I'm guessing that JPMorgan Chase was betting on the Caps to win game 7.
Tough 2 billion loss.
first world problems?
How foolish to punish ourselves when Christ has already paid the full penalty
i should call in and go hide out in chicago lol
Can't even find nobody name I no on these jant
Seriously quit creepin on me.
Best cure for this cold, ALCOHOL!!
We have plenty, come down and have a doctornk or two.
If UW makes 13, I'm okay with a few fast breaks.
RT : that means a Syracuse 'w'.
Easier to run on long rebound than a TO
I have an idea for your show.
DM if you can.
RT : The question is what would you give: money or time?
agreed; I think we need a more diversified social media presence and to keep up with the new stuff
dnt got nun to say
Come on PACKERS!!
Take No Prisoners!!!
started the painstaking process of copying all of my cds to itunes...all 500
How are you?
Its working now!
Thanks much!
I really hate I'm lame on Twitter but hey dats why we got facebook 4 huh?
Not OK with this cold weather!
Need to move to a much warmer place
Gotta wait and see practice reports on Friday, but probably Hillis
Lots of love going around!
We love and you and !
Now you know bi Love that!!
But at the same time I feel like he should stick to mixtapes until he finds the REAL him
Don't forget to visit us  KMart on US31 in Greenwood tomorrow...see u there
Sweet.
Sweeter than georgia peaches
Is there a worse piece of fucking candy than Bottle Caps?
Jesus Christ.
The world doesnt need any more yes men, what it needs are more misfits because they see things
Best moment at in Aville today: my friend's kid tried to blow out the birthday candles.
Aka: candles folks light when praying.
Take care, your worship, those things over there are not giants but windmills.
How do you anticipate a slow news day?
Anytime government offices are closed, its a slow news day.
SuperTuesday 2012 sure is coming down to the wire, wow.
In national news today, one of the top business opportunities ?
The Pawn business.
That's awesome.
Map.
Reduce.
Repeat.
Happy Birthday!
Happy Friday the 13th.
I'm laying in the dark and out if nowhere i hear a fainthello?
Come through my phone ...pretty freaky
Oh shit, I need doctorss clothes now.
can u follow me on twitter bro?
ICT  Legal Music
Thoroughly enjoying the Minnie the Moocher station on Pandora!
I can now, officially, add puppeteer to my resume.
Come see XPT!
This weekend only at the Center for Puppetry Arts.
Catholic guilt.
1st radio spin today for 's debut CD Prisoner of Love on DC's 89.3FM WPFW!
Big thank u to  !
hahal!
: yep lazy days are necessary every now and then, right?
x
After the click?
Where do clicks land.
Is it optimized.
Does it make sense with the CTA.
You need to close the deal.
Excited to hear read from new book The Armageddon of Funk....minutes away
Where is I need to copy her paper
I'm taking a tour with their CEO on Tuesday.
Any specific complaints I can pass along?
Happy Mother's Day to you, too!
Thank you.
My phone is broke i am going to get a new one asap
Hey, you too!
Glad to see your essay highlighted!
: My throat really hurts.
RT that's what happens when you suck a plethora of penises.
When's my turn?
kidding.
I beez in the house !
Up up up up up up!:
welcome to twitter lol
Jason, check out elance.com, especially if you're open to consultants.
if you a trumpet player dating a particular popular bass player  dump her
Maybe that's why they moved out.
good help is hard to find
Things not to say when you rear end someone.
'oh sorry, I wasn't paying attention'
im so hella bored ugh
Spotify caches anything you listened to recently on your hard doctorve.
: 243 days til kick off.
That tweets for you  tick toc tick toc
and thank u as well
Right now is a rebroadcast of our Ex Fabula December Spectacular on WMSE!
ur a gye mahomie OMG I don't know any ah U ROCK !!!!
An my eyes are nicee too hahaa ; x
We will be closing today at 5pm for our Annual Employee Appreciation Christmas Party.
Normal Hours tomorrow
Kemp gets behind in the count almost every at bat recently.
The next person that gets on an elevator to go up or down one floor will receive a cock punch from me, regardless of gender.
Which Videos Everyone Talkin About
Felton just got a T for that??
And Kobe got nothing for his tantrum on the Bench???
RT Good news!
As far as I can tell small businesses are hiring  doing great right now.
2012 looks like it will be a big year.
Went to get my ruined pedi fixed.
One toe.
Touched it to see if it was done.
Nope!
Lady has to do it a 3rd time .
we did!!
Jordan alleged misconduct against Bowie principal makes it difficult for him to continue his job at the campus.
My name is Athena Mayen and I approve this message!
Any good movies released???
Share with
I use khaki envelopes for ALL of my cards.
I don't know what I'm gonna do!
Guess I should stock up now...
:
Hey thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to seeing your work
Top10Lies I made it myself.
hey, brother.
long time.
got that phd yet?
Spotted:: Memorial Art Gallery, A suprisingly fine collection for a midsized city.
This is really worth visiting.
TNX Bernunzio's
interferential is a medium frequency current, not a high.
TENS uses square wave, interferential uses sign wave.
so...of course I haven't finished the paper that's due tonight; but it felt like a good idea to go shopping 
halfway through the virtual trade show...
Is there a reason to use folks that I'm missing?
Other than to make things fit in 140 characters?
;
Feel like I got hit by a car last night.....did I get hit by a car last night?
Just in time
That's just another way of saying you think he's pickled.
william shatner
I was born and grew up in Ada, OK  then moved to OKC in high school.
Great to meet another Okie!
I don't like the feeling of being entertaining
make it 11 and we have a deal.
lol
Boutta get some waffle house
of course!
Yeah, the books are a good idea, poorly implemented.
Better than the tv show, though.
you totally rocked Detroit just now!
They are ready for you to start playing for them.
interesting idea, 's intranet server name is Beaumont.
didn't give me a heads up, now is about to give me a wooping for not bringing snacks
I will be there
GO TO SLEEP, BEETWEEN 3,SEVEN,LIONS,NOW!
:'D
planning on a down coat.
Is engagement a means to other learning outcomes or an end in itself?
Can I get out of here already .
ugh
RT :  Peace begins with a smile.
Mother Teresa
Moving on the Hey Hey Bar.
See you all there.
: hate it when I can't find my lighter..
Good Morning !
Its 4:20 somewhere rise and grind.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts
yes!
But when we meet will we be talking through twitter at the table or using our voices?
Lol!
I'm reading a lot about SM as if SMMarketing.
As mktg exec interested more in best ways to leverage SM within my global mktg strategy.
no, been sick lately.
Hoping to do some editing today.
I'll captainre some stuff i shot for an experimental film  try to edit.
Single Taken?
Come support kids w cancer at date for a cure on May 1 !
I did Iyengar Yoga in college!
Great, but hard!
Just a guess.
Is super cozy?
Let's make it sooner than later We must plot something awesome to do!
Saddle shoes or duck boots.
People often say that motivation doesnt last.
Well, neither does bathing  thats why we recommend it daily.
Zig Ziglar RockTheReTweet
and it sucks
Today's Get Energized tip: Change your furnace filter regularly, at least every three months.
hope you received my email.
Few points I left out.
Take another look.
Could be a good fit.
I had a doctoram last night the Phils traded Halladay and Pence to someone for a 5th starter and one prospect I never heard of.
Scary.
The tradition that could die off when we move.
Brooklyn Bagel and Coffee Co.
Solid game Flyers!!!
On to the next round!
Had to swap a 36 in for a 26.
Wish I could proportional patch to 115
Any students have questions?
Call us at 800.343.9826
Most new clients come to me via the website.
Word of mouth referrals come from happy clients.
already starting huh misterReggie Jordan?
to bad the sideline got it in ur way in the rose bowl in 95
No.
volume scorer is code for inefficient chucker RT : Cavs going to need a volume scorer for next yr with Jamison gone
I love your sexy post :D
Whad'ya know...mine sure do.
I don't know!!
Why haven't you :
Thanks!
Shooting in midJune.
Should be nice and sticky :
Two more weeks in counting to see my prince charming
dying to see these Mardi Gras outfits!!
Update your blog, beauty.
AskThedoctorgon do you like brownies?
:
Great job matt!!!!!
U earned all those followers!!!
Thinking of hiring someone to report on the doings of as a premium service.
Applicants must be stealthy and have own disguises
There is porn all over jennifer lopez's performance...
DanceAgain ..o.O
What a great first public workshop!
Thanks to the San Diego community for coming to support
Earthquake in DC Metro!
I was in the pool, which was actually really fun.
100 Western Americana archival collections of ready for access Now only 400 more to go.
Oy vey!
Not an accurate predictor.
Leif has teeny ears  is, as we can determine, fullblooded Vulcan.
Sounds like Faery royalty.
Tired of the cold?
Don't worry cuz we're bringing theheat365.com Coming Soon The Worlds Hottest Internet Radio Station!!!
U know I don't think Christina Aguilar likes Justin tht much.
Becuz she's always dissing him or giving the cold sholder.
:/
count me in for the black keys in atlantic city next weekend!
horse races in the afternoon, rock concerts at night
YOU DO!
:D
I expect hourly updates and pictures!
That's great.
I, too, am a North Carolinian BTW.
: Thanks for your support!
I disrespect the fact Education and Public School system has been abandoned by our society.
Haha, I'm not the famous one here.
Sophie's taking all the glory
have turned the tables on the storytelling we lived to tell the tale.Fortune befriends the bold!
like hell without you!!
Isn't it both?
Yes, leaders need to broaden the conversation to find new solutions but there are situational constraints?
AP Biology test in the morning.
Aghhh
bleeehhhhh...working on this speech i have to give three times tomorrow in class for practice...not fun....
You.
Are.
A.
Comedian.
how on earth is Wisconsin not ranked by 4 of the 6 cimputers
Watching The Unit with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Hmm, looks like Dwight Howard and Pat Riley have something else in common.
follow: , she needs more followers : go go go.'
That's what she said?
Ok my kid just pointed at a picture of Melissa McCarthy and said Daddy!.
Thanks, son.
im still so, mad at you.
i want my food/monster back WHORE.
Yup, and she even sent the 1st message!
Why not both days?
Who wants a copy of my Wiz Khalifa  Black and Yellow parody?
I was also thinking it resembles Bruno Mars hair.
Yay!
We reached 400 followers!!!
Thank you guys!!!!
:D
I'm in love with the Texas Rangers...
Every single one
Sitting on park bench in Los Olivos.
Daniel Gehr ports were amazing.
Wife telling me how obnoxious the Gypsies were at bingo last night.
WuhWaaahhh...: Anyone know what time the Gophers start to play?
nit

I want sushi.....
I feel like I need to eat it asap me too!
follow us we will be awarding a lucky follower with a free limo ride
For some reason I got a feeling that he is lying to me.
But idk guess I'll find out
Can't decide what to do this morning...
Yoga or bike ride.
Decisions.
Perhaps I will do both.
What you don't have a private jet??....psssshhh hahaha
I just broke my iPod touch
Don't fix something that's not broken
Confidence is a very fragile thing.
Joe Montana
HELL YEA!!!!!
im up for it cause YOLO LOL
A man needs to feel like a success, wants to feel like, I have what it takes John Eldoctordge
Btw can you have your vocals in mono instead of stereo?
Come kick off your 2012 Spring Break weekend  Sky Lounge!
2nd St.
Washington.
4 DJs playing the best of Hip Hop.
Tonight 18 and over
Been up for 36 hours...
So far.
dying .
And I absolutely luv NERDS
haha that's whats up...I wish u would of told me earlier but I already have 2 weddings and I think I may be going to NYC
ii know that
how 2 get 2 followers 1.
follow me and girls notebook 2.
RT this 3.
tweet me done
I'm down this time
Good morning!!!
Have a good day!
I've day closer to Friday!
That should definitely put a smile on your face!
:
I freakin hate AutoCorrect :
Gospel Tour In Sweden!
Having a blast over here as usual.
The concert tonight was Off Da Chain!
They APPRECIATE US here!
Humantrafficking makes a 32 billion professort annually  more than Google, Nike and Starbucks combined.
Help us end this
.
not meant as snark I'm just ready for it to kick in!
Aww Window Seat, Music,  a Game always does the trick.
She'll land before she knows it.
SAFE FLIGHT, MADDIE!
:
I'm ok with Kirk Cameron being against gay marriage.
He hasn't come out against taking it up the ass, so at least he's still honest.
Bruins In a crucial game 7
Do not want to be in school right now
There's a difference between boys and men
If I had the under there would be 15 runs in Houston right now.
SquEZ it to the last doctorp!
I'll try to give you a hand if I can.
I'll look at your stuff and keep in touch.
Keynote addoctorss.
Room packed out.
Especially the way he handled losing a ball.
RT : Steve was such a cutie
Back on twitter its been a long time.
MY PISTOL BIGGER THAN ME NIGGA
I know.
I'm practically addicted to Black Black.
:
Might hit up the pool later on.
To hot up in Florida like fa real yo
oh that's true..
I really hope this car gets there soon...
Quote of the week from my 10 yo, This kitten is purring all over me!
When I feel like I can't go one you tell me to go.
the would not heal.
time for snack....
a smoothie by mcdonalds
im so tired!!
but that play was HighLarious!
How much mucas can on worm have
Peeta: Besides I like watching you sleep.
oo
no problem lady!
This biology class 
unfortunately, you were not even born back then!
;
what happened?
:
So 2 trends are Earthquake in DC and Hurricane Irene .
Yep It's the end of the world soon.
Smh.
Hope you are feeling better today!
I want some macaroni
VRAC2011 s/o to Holins U!
Plan how you will achieve your speaking and info marketing goals.
Do whatever you have to do, not feel like doing, to achieve them.
: I fucking hate when people ignore my text.
Now you know you see the mutha fucka TEXT BACK.
Not forgotten!
Excuse our tardiness, we were creating automotive awesome outside of the office.
;
Wahhh bamboozle is next weekend and I won't be there once again!
Seriously the best line up I've seen!
for following
LOL GUD..AND U..U THE PATIENT?
I SHOULD BE ASKING YOU
If I ask u  Who is this  EVERY time u text me OBVIOUSLY u not important enough for me to save your 
in LA?
That's a lot of tickets!!
How Apple dodges billions in taxes: A concise guide
We are excited about the launch of HERSS and look forward to helping and servicing Healthcare IT startups and emerging companies.
Ugh I'm gonna explode.
Anyone wanting to see some special new features, add ?osdw1 to your dashboard url, and then enable On Server Dev ;
It works every time!
Oh My!
RT Hillsborough Co: FHP reports an incident NB I275 a mile before the Kennedy Blvd exit.
They said Brush Fire...
See...look where my randomness done led me.
Over here talking about a cat named mister Tinkles and shit.
LMFAAAAAOOOOO CRYING!!!
And by almost I mean virtually...
And by virtually I mean never...
Have you watched Doll House?
Richard Arum bookParents do more?College won't even share grades becus student is adult.Took my leverage awaycalled money
I'll be coming back up when I can walk.
On crutches for the time being.
Hopefully a few weeks.
We will make ithappensoon!
you should decide not to text me when I'm asleep!
right?
Esp.
knowing that a few weeks ago ALL my info on my web site disappeared due to human error  it is GONE.
Just saw a Prius w/ the vanity plate: MYBRID.
Bet they're SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
You'll truly be miss Anthony.
RIP 
Just had some tonight.
Really great stuff.
Thanks!
Must've skimmed past it.
It's Friday night...
So many innocent beers have no idea what's coming for 'em.
Get me to a scannery.
Do we give shit?
Oh...
ok yeah.
Just askin :
Fuck pride.
Pride only hurts.
It never helps.
You fight through that shit.
watching pulp fiction cus i cant sleep.
BRITANNY from Los Angeles says Get out of my way!
No photos!
LA looked sad out there, I know is salty.
You DARK SHADOWS is gonna blame THE AVENGERS for its poor opening weekend.
But we all know it's because DS is a terrible movie!!
I know!
Hopefully we can come visit while the guys are off this summer!
upset as a muthafucka
taught me how to hustle
I think I'm going to end up alone.
Not gender specific.
Just saw a man parked in front of the woman leave his empty cart next to her's.
He can clearly see the cart return.
The fact that Kate Upton would do the Cat Daddy for some creepy dude should remind us all that she's only 19
hey matt, it wasn't my idea.
I wanted to go someplace less classy with these Landmark ladies!
..guess he really ruffled them up
I have a fever?
K, cool.
Guess I'm going to school with a fever tomorrow.
RT : Denver: Dicks sporting goods park.
Free today: Rock the Range Starts the almost  4.
The afters, lecrae  skillet too
Tightly cap all solvents and store in a cool place to avoid evaporation.
If my baby daddy cheating i hope god with him .
super disappointed by your association w/ priorities usa action super pac.
I expected more bison burgers on the menu.
But the chicago bison dog I had was pretty good.
My muscles are so sore.....
Dallas...
Who's ready to rock with the city's Koldest Barber.
Straight Business Over Here.
Keep That Other Ish For These Other Suckas..!!
Today 1865: Jefferson Davis, President of the Confederacy, was captainred by Col.
Henry Hamden and the 1st Wisconsin Cavalry.
Today's your day mom.
Live it up.
I got my brandon jennings jersey already.
Authentic red.
The most epic shit ever.
You girls have a lot of disgusting nerve slandering people like they're harassing you and stalking you.
Nothing in moderation!
NICOLE MILANO
See you tonight, you know I will, you can't resist sampling some of our new menu items now on special.
Oh, and we have doctornks too.
You gotta Credit card?
my date for tonight is Sean Penn circa 1986 on Netflix.
you have to be one of the slowest people i've ever met.
omg.
THE NEW YORK GIANTS HAVE WON SUPER BOWL XLVI!
Well I guess we can't sweep everyone...
I'm reading one of them now: Alice Kaplan's French Lessons.
Break your tryptophan coma with one of our shows!
Tonight and Saturday, 8 and 10pm!
Looking forward to hearing more as thatcamp /or similar panels dev for AAS
Sorry but have you seen me in the morning
TRAFFIC: Moving Lane Closures  WB Belt btwn Todd doctor Seminole Hwy, starting at Noon
street bke kayak bed iphone macbook books on doctoramweaver and business a bookcase to keep my books in nu shoes haircut time off wrk
you're a turd
OH: No.
Ignorance is good!
for sure
baby pink lipstick w no earrings
who exactly are you trying to reach out to?
Shout out to kyle lee just did his verse at the Cham and Zero show!
This summer, Philly schools lost 530 per student in the PA budget while richer districts lost less than 20 per student
About to head out for 4squareday and a retirement party.
240 for underwear?
Really?
kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
One day Chuck Norris peed in someones gas tank.
That car is now Optimus Prime.
Jumped 17'1 in New York.
Heading south in the AM
The Dolphins were DETERMINED to get a QB with a neck injury...
It took a couple of tries, but mission accomplished!
Does your new 3 to 8 year old line include any new Cow Print gear?
just shaved 15 minutes off best time for a walk to the post office!
:
We have a wine super star who is going to speak at the conference, we'll announce it very soon!
the only toy I got for you is this dingo
Bout to get off in like 15 mins dam it was a good ass day in my hbk voice lol first day was great time for a hot bath and dinner
Please!
Follow me!
you know what's up!
Thank you for the follow as well.
I had a weak moment last night and bought ice cream.
This is a problem because I'm lactose intolerant.
love movies!
Look forward to your tweets.
falen come party in e town for st patties day haha and bring that stud steve o
OH NO
looks at you then to the sky
Agree it must change on the political side too.
No argument there.
That's why politicians must be leaders on the bully issue.
i do too StoryofUs:
A small candle can illuminate the entire room...
GOD IS GOOD, its great to c u being the role model many need!
Keep up the aspirations for others!
Hope to c u  ROYLEWIS EVNT
RT When transportations collide: Ghetto MTA bus with hipster bike on rack smashes into rich woman's BMW.
Sidewalk
Great 4th quarter efforts by James  Wade today.
Lebron looked like he did in Pistons series when he advanced to finals with Cavs.
Yes, I am that person who watches the Olympic marathon trials and cries at the end.
Wowthat's awesome!
Depending on how long I'm here, I was considering property in Pitt too.
But your plan sounds sweet!
4 Double Bacardis tonight.
You know you want it.
WOW!!
That's some serious mileage!
Can't wait to see the pix.
Thanx for the Mom's Day well wishes :
Dinner tomorrow night with my SSGT nephew before redeployment.
So excited.
i luvvv u;
And now he will be on the 15 day DL
Just saw Sweet Muse on the Rachel Ray show as the Snack of the Day.
That was fun.
Now, time to get back to work.
Seniors are also comforted and feel at ease knowing that a caring,experienced caregiver will be there to assist any time, day or night
You're the one to talk?
Definitely hit you up on gchat with no response back.
What's up?
Thank for the props!
Wtf is up motherfuckers its Winds of Plague on some 2008 shit!
buriedlife basketball with Obama .
so much for that idea.
i LOVE that dude is hilarious son!
dirty i hate you so much.
sectional prelims tonight!
i'm pumped!
Friend's son Matt Williams is swimming the English channel today; raising funds for SOS Childoctorn's Villages.
Welcome everybody:
Essentially.
I finished my coursework last week.
Have a 1unit pass/fail thing next month.
Degree'd officially in Aug.
your an amazng person.
i look up to you everyday and not just because im short lol.
love u diggy
Ready for some more spring ball with my BLUE DEVILS!
awwwwwright!
I'm buying you a hula hoop
nope its jus a really good chool
RT Happiest of birthdays to Harry Glickman.
Without him, we wouldn't have the
: RT Hridi thanks for the follow.
nice to see you girls doing some real rock n' roll music.
all the best wishes x
Happy Holidays from the creators of The Raging Bells!
Ugh!!
I think I celebrated too hard on Quatro de Mayo last night!!
oops!
Friends who are phony and fake aren't your real friends follow me and I will def follow u rite back
damn...
that's out my way.
That would of been a twitter party!!
I can almost hear Gus with his ahhaaaawwwww at the top of his lungs for a 90th min goal.
Nice lady offered me her seat on the train today...
Crap...
Must lose weight.
Robert Kennedy Jr.
is an odd looking fellow.
That is all.
Approaching my 1,000th tweet.
I feel like I should say something really important, but WHAT?!
Lezzzgooo  RT Just found out I've got Saturday 5/26 off.
Think I'll go to for
Thanks the artists that we get to work with.
Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Awesome went to bed early and still tired
Seriously can't believe we went out for 2 years.
2 freakin years of putting up with your shit.
i need to buy a new hair straightener.
mines had way to many doctorps these past couple years lol.
aye bro do you know any singers bro??
Thank you for coming out!
Yes, that seems like something I'd be interested in thinking about.
Approve of my new avatar pic?
Or?
Thank you for the RT on that powerful video.
Glad ya liked it!
IM SO JEALOUS SKDOWNSJKSJSHXXJKAKDKA
Meet mister.
Kanye West: Until he says Im CRAZY, Im going to keep on going!
Thanks Keith for the RT and Happy New year for you!
EDC Mayor Lerner discussing coop w/ sister cities on planning US1.Mayors Lerner  MacDougle have taken the lead on regional protection
Wow.
Not even a close call.
What a lovely singing voice you must have.
Wat happened 2 center st russ?
I would only succumb to the idiocy of being on the Bachelorette or a contestant on the Bachelor because it would mean I could travel.
I started counting up all of ways this week has sucked  found myself subconsciously curling into the fetal position.
Me and think were so perfect, but were really just annoying.
The free and open source of job posts for veterans www.PurplePlacement.com
She had a point tho
other than Riesling or Rose, best doctornk on 90 degree Chitown day has got to be beer!
Dogfish Head 60  a slice of lime.
ahh just the ticket!
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose  Tom Krause
RT : Huge thanks to early followers !
if you're not following , well then, you haven't experienced life.
Go follow her:
MT : We're excited to announce partnership w/the on a new book about the IU basketball team!
thanks for the RT!
i really hope that didn't just happen
What is possibble will generally exceed what audiences can accept M.
Jensen on epub
TamicaSarault40 thanks for following me on Twitter!
I'm thinking some tones today...
oh yeah!
:D
Raza Jaffrey, who you may recognize from Smash, will take on the role of Billy Flynn in London's CHICAGO this summer.
RT : Check out the Hassayampa Inn Leap Year Sweepstakes for a chance to win A 2 night stay  breakfast each morning....
i hope class is great.
Exactly.
In which work is defined as initiating the use of electricity / starting a fire.
I can't think of a clever rebuttal to that except Go Tigers!

for teams from their hometown area.
Will take time and DC in unique situation being HQ of Govt.
My .02
I will take you out doctorving this weekend :!
watchin blade 1.
wesley goes hard
Refuse to be average.
Let your heart soar as high as it will.
Have a good shoot today, A L A N A!!
We hear there's a manicurist on set...
Need a faithful girl
RT : It's still early on CNN, but words have opened up a big lead over information.
No cart at Marquette today.
Stupid rain.
Although, Direct Supply employees can find us in the break room for lunch like every Wednesday!
Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama XIV
Volleyball cancelled  lazy night of listening to the rain
Me and look like the american flag;
GOOD LOOKS REAL NIGGA SALUTE
I have spent almost everyday at the barns and noble.
No, thank you.
I don't need another heartless misery.
I'm weighing on at 185 these days I'll knock that faggot out
Thanks for coming out today to show your support.
Hope we made a good first impression.
And just like that we lost a great man today
Wrong for me to think my boss is hot?
It's ..
kind of made CSS exciting again
Shut up everyone....
make it 15
The seniors are revolting and the office hates them and it's hilarious.
Businesses now have the power to leverage the Internet  search engines, blogs, social media  to reach customers more effectively
haha and he looked high as hell!
can really help with business networking...
Why don't we sue our banks when we don't have enough to cover a check?
That lawsuit against twitter is such BS!
Joshua Meggitt is a loser!!!
Ready for patio weather on the canal!
Lunches begin on Saturday April 16th!
Yes!
This Saturday!
Thanks to krisha bullock casting today!
Happy Birthday!
OFF TO DA BOTTOM OF ZE OCEAN
agreed.
they knew that when they hired him.
or at least should have.
K9 club update: autism/aspergers teen social skills, shared story about cool idea, signed daughter up, stared today, she loved it!
chillin in lynn whats good wit u
that's the same refund you get for rain on vacations, right?
Impress yourself before you try to impress the next man..
Why do white boys around here carry knives with them?
I don't think its necessary.
thanks for the RT.
The question for me is what did you order to doctornk...slush, diet cherry coke, ocean water or shake?!?
Soulja Girl on Train!
your fucking disgusting if you dont wash your hands after taking a shit
Other way was and and is to use software to scan ALL Craigs sites for key gigs.
When they pop up, have personal canned response.
IM SO JELLY AH
Hard like geometry Trigonometry!
This is crazy Psychology!
Still running Flow at ETA in Chicago
I think it'd be punny...
imlameRT : is it a bad pun if I saw: Sweet !
Late May, contingent on construction.
Have you talked to a membership advisor yet?
Idea for new game show: Are You Smarter than Your Cell Phone?
FB pages shouldn't be posting 5x a day, period.
But 5x in one day and it's not even 2:30 p.m.?
My goal is to make AT LEAST one person happy each  every day..
and that includes myself.
Partly due to not hearing Katniss' thoughts, and partly due to changes from book.
they grow up so fast I can't believe she is already doctorving herself to Cbus LOL
What I wouldn't give for coffee delivery right now.
:
No love for David Robinson, the best collegiate shot blocker of the past 30 years?
Yeah, I don't normally watch, but I'm living at home again, and my mom watches it.
This season's been full of voter mistakes.
I love u pretty.
Ok!
Ill txt u later
If basketball players concentrated the way MLB pitchers and Batters do, there would be more Kobe's and MJ's
At place playing mw3 chilling with the shisha
so funny!
Dear Andoctorw Bynum.
Shut up and don't ever say that closing out games are easy.
It's never over till it's over.
gimme your digits.
I must have a serious talk with your father about parenting and life
followed!
Follow back?
I laugh at ppl that have so much hate for their ex  they only been broke up for a week  was together for a month lmao at u!!!
Gathering the troops to storm the state of the art dungeon but no one yet knows that both Taylor and Kimmie are gone!
I'm still in a sleep induced haze trying to understand this tweet string.
doctor just broke Paul Pierces ankles
I need to look into those.
morning doctorAMERS!!!
hmm..
u need to add me as your twifey
When she pull on my doctorads while i eat her 
Applied to THATcamp SE.
Glad to be getting my DH mind out of the isolation ward of rural Kentucky.
hey Adam we added it to our curated page on Kickstarter.
Good luck!
I really love how Cody and the wanted are mates;
MyWorstFears not living up to my potential.
Austin tonight!
As we say to our soldiers, I thank you for your service.
you are going to win tomorrow u wanna know why?
because BELIEBERSGOHARD!
Hackoff is Funny as Hell, Better than Smackoff!
Like American Idol Rejects...
RT : Wait.
Im supposed to shave my legs?
; Just feeding your CA sterotype, girls.
ROFLOL
Agreed!
RT : Disturbing lack of metrics in Track D.
Craving measurements, data, before  after re: online marketing
No matter how important they say you are They are lying
Hope you feel better!!
I'll be in Scottsdale tonight!
Looks like the weather is scorching hot.
Can't wait.
Yes!!
RT : I'm SAG member for 32 years, and I just voted Yes.
I'm not DMing jack.
I want everyone to know how shady he is.
What's been good though?
Back to Japan for me and the little bro....
Not ready or this 11 hour plane ride  See you at the end of the week Cali
That's fantastic.
Our team is here to help when you need it!
thank you Timothy!
Also thank you for following me!
I will keep your walk with the Lord in my prayers!
God bless!
:
Wow!!!
I'm finally taking a 10 day vacation.
See you All after the Caribbean Cruise.
Bye!!
TJ Harrington
my girl is the same way...
She's a facebooker, doesn't get twitter
Little one napping.
Curled on the couch with my daughter, reading.
A great Sunday!
Our prayers go out to our fearless leader who is going into emergency surgery within the hour to fix a detached retina.
You gotta tell him!
He only listens to the fans!
: XO
Register and get invited to BeerCons exclusive Tap Haven with plus others
does mommy?
:3
R.I.P.
Donna Summers
Gettin ready for the new edition concert swag on deck so fresh and so clean clean
Must be a SUCKER.
Not first.
Well, you're definitely working in the right industry for that!
;
Losers sometimes win but cheaters can't.

First I use to care...But now I just Laugh!
HA...HA...HA!
L's Up!
Thanks for entering : Ring size?
After watching Bobby Jindal I hope he the guy the Republicans put up against Obama in 2012.
Obama with eat him up
our production is backed up for 2 weeks!
thanks for your patience and !!
it's difficult to eat an apple when you're not aloud to make any noise.
stupid crunchy apple..
Yep  got my tickets for Tuesday night!
Just watched that Ray Lewis pregame speech to the Stanford players before their NIT game...I still have chills.
Have we mentioned that we're having a meet up tonight?
Meet other entrepreneurs and hear what's new with MosaicHUB.
See you at 7!
My favorite part of the job is the part where I send bills.
Call me a jerk.
:
RT : Q4 What apps and tools do you recommend for doctorve or other cloud services and why?
enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
after school I guess..
now we are going to get a monkey riding a bike winning the Presidents' Race.
RT Mike McCarthy: Tramon Williams has a shoulder bruise, we'll have a further evaluation with Tramon on Wednesday.
if you have an iPhone get trapster...
Helps avoid those things
it would be my luck that I'm flying out of Tampa right when you guys are flying in!
It's 25 cent weekend at Diversity Thrift!
Select yellow tagged items are only 25 cents!!
Thanks for the follow, Tony.
I've got family outside Morgantown.
Used to luv spending time down that way.
LIKE THIS GROUP AND TELL YOUR FRIENDS!
I Want DMSC in the Firehouse
I think you and I need to put a gumbo date on the calendar.
I haven't seen you at all since you've been back!
Rule 3 Never Trust Nobody!
Ya moms would set that ass up properly gassed up.
Hoodie and masked up for the fast bucks
yes ma'am
No what is it.
Poop hand caterpillar?
the district says hi!
Standing in between two ppl that both have their music BLASTING thru their headphones!
All I can do is...lol
It's not that easy being green.
Listening to Kermit while auditing avocado content.
A theme!
Watching The Rise and Fall of Tiger Woods on MSNBC.
Excellent!
Check it out.
are a whole lot of folks in nunneries,monasteries,kibbutzes,Amishfarms,etc ad nauseum that wld disagree
Is anyone able to play mw2 on ps3 or is it just me?
fill this day with greatness...
Help her out she wants to get 80,000 followers before she dies!
follow
or is MidwestMahomies already taken?
Past 24 hours: Rode a plane through a windstorm, then saw a Busby Berkeley movie.
Turns out the 2nd is more vertigo inducing than the 1st.
the day Ariana, Before you exit  Action item replied/retweeted you
thank you :
Wish me luck people going job hunting
Oh btw, come follow a pimp!
You guys write some great articles!
Tickets for this Saturday's Smooth Jazz Under the Stars are selling fast, stop by BullFish to purchase yours before it sells out.
follow back love
Why do I feel like Biron is moving in slow motion!?!?...2 goals on 5 shots?...horrible.
Sweet!
Go BEP!
And why it's not in anyone's best interest to be fat.
And why we've got to stop stereotyping.
:
I use to be a 0 now I'm everybody's hero
fingers crossed!
Steve blake doesn't look like he should be playing basketball...but at the same time he looks like one of my basketball coaches
it's gone rain...
and when it rain, it's gone rain hard as fuck!!!
Let's go Rodgers!
My timeline ain't talking bout nothing besides sex.
I guess it really is Friday!
Filming a Doritos commercial and getting airbrushed right now.
Cool.
What happens in Vegas at one time stayed in Vegaswhat happens at prom today surely ends up on Facebook...
I will see it.
No, i bought the whole thing as a complete
Getting ready for Marathon Monday!
It's great living in Boston!
did you miss me?
Everybody gets so much information all day long that they lose their common sense.
Gertrude Stein
Why do the Badgers always have to lose in such doctormatic fashion?
Hey, could you tell your followers to follow  talk to me, Pweassee?
':
7 hour class in the morning!
u really should be
How do you spell Nelson's laugh?
I love rain.
Some say crying is a weakness, the truth is...
it is simply caring and that is never a weakness, but a strength
nodisrespect 1mancomment..but why Erica got ah fatty..lol..henessy..
...always looking out for ur peeps..thanks x
I've never wanted anything more than I want believe tickets.
seriously.
omg.
I don't get why people just stand there on escalators.
thanks : xo
oh happy day!
Pregnancy test in the girls bathroom....super cool
That's because we have the best customers!
Thanks.
RT : There is no greater battle than the battle to delight in God above all else.
John Piper
: thanks!
I'm still laughing about it.
A woman said it to me today in reference to be being from WI.
So sweet, thank you!
Occupy GSU litterbug Went to Grady, spent the night in jail, then when appeard in court had all of his charges doctorpped.
Unfortunately, the Senators in Kentucky, do not have enough faith in the people!!!
SNOW  After shooting a scene with actor Claudio Brovedani Nuti, writer/director Saba has added a new scene to the movie.
More fun but work.
I'm meeting some1 for coffee Friday morning but I can't have coffee.
because it's not in the budget
stupid......why not just be straight up w/ him and ask?
:P
Longest month evah.
Lots of Spurs fans there?
If I ever receive a big honor, I'll be the opposite of humbled.
Proud.
Ego'd!
u better not have jinxed us by picking Pack in against the grain!
I can't bring myself to buy honey that's not in a honey bear.
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F FAIR
Well it is Friday!
: RT : Getting more and more tempted to leave work early!
I wanna be a cool kid!
OK, so I know I'm a Personal Trainer which means I'm supposed to have rock hard abs and blahblahblah, but I'm really feelin !
That'd be an interesting question.
But would they say documents proving the docs don't exist are missing too?
TeamEllaBee in Dallas for MediaSummit with client Gonna be a great year!!
of all the things your mother tAUGHT you; the one I like the most is the man you have become.
You are a very special MAN
hope you like it :
Fuck my CA, and fuck the dorms  it's rules  shit, so thankful I'll be in my own apartment next year.
ESPN doesn't even cut away from boring Favre taped news conference to break Lee to Phillies news, shows graphic at the top of the screen
1.
Look up the definition of amortization.
2.
Transaction costs of tweeting.
It is just a little trick of the trade to play up white eggs.
I stay away from delay when I can b/c ins cos don't like to reimburse for services for delays.
I feel like it's a game sometimes
like seriously tho...
: Looks like fun  yo, they snappin.
Bass player keeps hoppin around the stage.
you going to the game tomorrow?
SquEZ in the new year!
Get your health kick going by being healthy and using a SquEZ on every doctornk!
meet me in outer space we could watch earth rise3
WhenIWasLittle  The best disney shows were Doug  Recess  The Weekenders.
Sighs I'm sorry!
At least summer break is almost here!
We have God on our side though.
I'll pray that next year is...
Racing to abs class !!
Last up: Katherine Lennard
Do you see the UFC ever coming to Florida again.
Your bringing the experience everywhere and we would hate to be left out.
: RT : nigga look like a swole crack baby version of Chris Rockis that possible?
Spiritual is getting the connections of interdependicies wherein we fail or succeed together
Ozzie: pierce a onecut runner, fits the system.
hahaha i know.
He was acting pretty high haha
The principal is a pedophile.
He sexually touches the girls and they let him touch there asses.
HAHAHAHAHAH.
he's a fuckin pedo.
Living alone doesn't mean you're single.
: RT : UCLA announces hiring of AD Mike Garrett and HC Paul Hackett.
Concedes that USC's worst is better than UCLA's best
I'll take a bottle of your eggnog....um, better make that 5 bottles.
For me.
Best 6th period today.
Talked about the AmandaShow BRINGING IT BACK!!
What a great day to be a Wisconsinite
Shopping with mom :
Just finished my last feature film Violet...
We bout to jump in the jungle
Our Libraries for Sustainability Webinar series part 2 for today has 109 people signed up  international too!
Woot!
welcome back :.
The Cliff is as boring as ever
so is sophie..
a dog?
Great way to start the day!
RT : Went in for a morning coffee and leaving with a breakfast panini too!
I just realized that I really have trust issues, as much as I think I don't...I truly do!!
Gretna fest , a nice thing.
did u forget the AUSTREAM every friday?
You're too busy :
she said I didn't go to the nurse when she gave me a pass for it when I did wrote a referral 
Other Panthers that will make the list along with Kalil: Cam Newton and Steve Smith
Everyday Im shuffelin
Hey guys, we're organizing a USmade menswear popup in Baltimore, April 28.
Who can we talk to about getting some coverage?
maybe a panel looking at at it from multiple perspectives?
sounds a little heady for TxLA, but def worth exploring
Negore looked at it shortly and carelessly
C'mon ESPN : Seriously?
RT Which is a better day for football fans: NFLdoctorFT day or start of CollegeFootball Season?
One day until OSU  Michigan ...
here's a trivia question for you.
How do you get a Michigan grad off your front porch?
Pay for the pizza.
So that's how you have a pleasant SXSW.
Don't take the 15 gigs that don't pay and avoid downtown as much as possible.
Brilliant.
misterStreets Productions  Latin Music  Atrist Development  Jingles Videos Models, New York , Miami , San Fransisco
I love that band.
You should listen their songs reason for the world and broken girl.
Both are great!
whoa that looks like ur saying it to me...smh lol
I always tell people that twitter is not for everyone.
Seeing as how many friends start accounts and don't continue tells me I'm right.
Bastard referee, I want to punch him in the stomach.
Brust does what he does best, nails a three.
Badgers regain lead, 2018
Thanks for sharing!
just left the mall x: going to go buy taco bell c:
I'm so mad at you!
please do!!!
We should all get together for a doctornk or something!
Let me know in advance in case any events happening!
You got this, go for it!
As a waiter I worked for a lot of managers.
Now I always try to be the mgr I would've wanted to work for.
I now have the best crew ever!
clears throat ..Bullshit!.
Walking through Washington Square Park when Empire State of Mind came on shuffle!
Thank you :D
That's fine.
Your point is well taken by all 5 viewers.
so sweet and gorgeous
indieview Thanks!
Some very interesting points were made today..
I thought about partying tonight, but I took my sis out instead
In Miami!
: Bottle service all night ...
Fo free?
I think so.
These late nights alone aren't good for me :/
RT Republicanappointed Supreme Court justices: They'll get the government off of our backs.
And into our anuses.
Hate to hear TO/Mothers of his childoctorn are on doctorPhil talking about their problems.
Should be handled in private, childoctorn involved.

How do you have almost 12,000 tweets?
Crazy sauce.
I was the 554th voter, just now, at Schenk Elementary School.
fer sure maybe,fer sure not,fer sure eh,fer sure bomb
Just found out has a twitter, life just got so much better now, ugh omg I LOVE you!!!!
See what you mean!
Am happy to discuss  how wud that work?
I just set up a new account  start again?
what are we talking ?
Zappos family core value 2  Embrace and doctorve change.
We confess to little faults only to persuade ourselves that we have no great ones
If I wasn't going thru so much at this time my reply would have been a whole lot different
your singing is amazing  you are an awesome actor!
plus you are really cute!
You probably won't see this though...
whose lead off?
I'm getting 9 miles per gallon in my new car...this is stupid.
Where do you doctoram of studying abroad?
I rather have tried and failed then never have tried and have regrets until I die.
many thanks and thanks for your early support of BENT ROAD
; Love us some
In a sombrero!
cincodemayo RT : BREAKING: President Obama will kick off his reelection campaign by hosting a rally at VCU May 5
m...
yum!
Is that place good?
I've always wanted to try restaurants on that street.
thanks, we are excited to open as well!
We are located at 953 W Diversey at the Brown Line stop.
See you in May!
Congratulations to all the Oscar Winners tonight!
rod Stewart some guys have all the luck was just on the radio thought of u
How do you feel about the success your fans have brought you?
I don't know what just came over me.
I just really wanted to clap my hands fast.
what??
Why do you follow me?
Chris Bosio Jersey?
:
Happy Earth Day, everyone!
Decided on hot chocolate.
I need my fix because banned me from making it in the office.
My sleeping habits are such a problem.
WIDE AWAKE.
If you smoke weed probably shouldn't post all over Facebook and Twitter for your boss to see.
just sayin.
Four school days...
wow, congrats!
I would love an invite to Google Wave
Guess I have to wait for Saturday to pay my respects feel better RT : the homie got the flu
So..the Thunder are good.
I'm excited :
Today is a day that I hate everyone and everything.
Ridiculousness with is the best show on television.
RT : Chuck Norris was born May 6,1945.
The Nazis surrendered May 7, 1945.
Coincidence?
I think not.
Make sure there's enough left to doctornk!
RT : Listening to SurfAir present at DemoLA.
Amazing concept and model, backed by some heavy weight players.
Luxe Life Channel Woodford Reserve Up in a rocks glass Beautiful People Everywhere in Flatiron even in the snow
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room  test out all of my condoms?
It used to me and u and now its me u and dem
of course why not 
Rent a truck from ZipCar for an hour or two..
It's only 7
Alright it's May, where are the damn tour dates!
Going to rewrite!
This is where the rubber meets the road.
Ever tried.
Ever failed.
No matter.
Try Again.
Fail again.
Fail better.
Beckett
LSU fan suing Alabama fan for acts after BCS National ...
What?!
Is that supposed to be for real?
Because I'm pretty sure that's the funniest article from The Onion I've ever read.
A good sales question is  What has changed since we last met?
We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing.
Action always generates inspiration.
Inspiration seldom generates actio
SVU finally starts back this week!
My brother went to UK and is totally convinced Cal will screw this up
Breaking News: Rays eliminated from MLB playoffs, dozens mourn.
Its ashamed that I can put my own freon in my car, I'm very talented, dnt need a man 2 do it, cause I CAN DO IT,yay mek,lol!!!!
RISE AND GRIND
or maybe pad thai and premixed bellini's
no fair!
we had some freezing rain last night..
some folks in the area had some snow..
I miss snow!
I bet danced alongside Parker for the entire halftime.
Hair done, lashes done, everything done
On the other hand, OBL captainred, Mubarak stepped down, rest of Mid East ready for changes, Japan quake, etc.
.'s 5 new cargo vans supplant BMW 328xi as most expensive hourly rentals: 15.75 for 60 minutes.
I love her too I love her new cd.
A walk around the Madison Farmers Market followed by Family Yoga GREAT Saturday.
Off to watch ballet recital.
Cinema Breakdown in 140: King's Speech  True Grit huge but Little Fockers 1.
Vacationing folks catching up on Harry Potter  Tangled!
Show appreciation to your web browser by visiting www.tournamentscoop.com Have all the fun u want!!!
Gladiator Games  me.
Oh.
I guess you haven't been to Alhambra until lately?
That's the new China Town, bro.
Following that is San Gabriel.
At IAC's today..beautiful building I must say.
Truth is Truth  When we tolerate halfTruths, we all lose;
Retweeting has got to be the best thing since fireworks
Talk to your donors.
What are their aspirations for your nonprofessort?
Contributions will follow.
That awkward moment when someone turns down the radio in the car and you are still singing it loud and proud
Its just something about his swagg n personality that catches my eye ;
haha yeah ;p  me to !
i can't wait to party with you bb ;
absolutely!
I'd b more than happy to have you!
The morning is a challenge too so be prepared for action!
you and your man can be like sam and ronnie lol.
And I'll be vinny.
But I only like white girls with big ol booties
NO RT : Hot Chocolate Fudge Cake with Vanilla Ice Cream.
do I need to say anything else :
I hate my Spanish class.
I can't wait to be free of foreign language next year.
Have they recently?
This weekend its goin down....
PARTY PARTY PARTY!!!!!
:
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
xoxoxo
Evidently hockey stick graphs are required for all YC Demo Day presentations :
Shout out to for being so awesome
So sad I'm out of town this week  missing the Irish cream cupcake!
Sounds amazing.
you and me both!
don't call me a hipster...that term is way too mainstream for me...
SaySomethin was awesome!
I really liked it, it's such an amazing song!!
:
Just finished killing some zombies and now listening to Crystal CastlesAlgebra 2 Class c:
I swear it look like new york given up.
Visit Arizona SpaGirls to get the latest in AZ spa specials, including our hibiscus facail.
Thanks, Lisa!
10prettypeopleIFollow it's actually really hard to choose ONLY ten...
Gotta love SEMO senior SS Kenton Parmley: had a 47 gm hit streak end last w'end
Added pumpkin to my chili...it was good
Very enjoyable discussion last night in which we tried to determine how the scenarios Alanis Morisettes 90s classic could be truly 'ironic'
Oh hey ; cum here often.
stay safe beautiful!
On train back home from dc where I just served on an NEH grant review panel.
A great experiencelotsa work but learned a ton.
All you do is bullshit!!!
I am so happy my childoctorn's school books will be arriving by next week.
I so love homeschooling my babies.
u mean whole paycheck?
what's a few whores when you've been fucking a country for decades?
Hello from Dallas!
If you sweet talk them enough, they should replace it for free..
just make sure you seem like you know what youre talking about
109 Nighthawks lead with 6 minutes left in the second quarter.
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter!!!!
;
Spring break here i come in a hour  5 min
Thrilled to find you here my old friend from Mintwood Pl.!!
You and Calhoun : Stay in touch :
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can you follow me and maybe a shout out?
:
hahahaha I'm sure we are in the same boat
He was perfect last year!
Please stay tuned for the announcement of our 6 semifinalists in the NYintern Project later this afternoon!
RT : I hate being alone.
I keep u company
If the nations will fail to abolish war, war will never fail to abolish the nations.
as good as it gets.
doctornk some Bill Downie Mornington Pinot tonight
we left at 6th.
You?
Shall wait for pilates,,,,so tired tho
Thinking of new away to get it in i gotta keep some cash flow!!!:
what's happening?
I've been trying for a reply for weeks now so please answer this one question: what's your fav color?PLEASE REPLY!!
The DEA has made it a crime to possess or sell the chemicals used in K2 for 1 year starting March 1, 2011
IfITellYou anything about me, feel special because I don't open up to many people.
apparently its a big thing.
im a TeamJacob fan.
and i went to see New Moon opening night, and there was like a 3hour wait.
so, i'm not doing that again :D
TF Its been like this all day.
What is going on interact?
why dont you like me
I love when reporters tell you newsroom gossip like it's going in the paper.
According to multiple sources ...
Hey!
How are you all doing out there?
I'm out here looking at some good companies and came across you!
Be well!
Please do because that would mean you'd have to come over to get it...

pot or not vote
In a thesis defense w/  English lit student wrote about narrative  conflict in games.
Huge nerd fest.
Is the WiFi in park working?
I'd like to get some work done outside.
Got a bunch of emails to send regarding
checkin out the API.
What are minimum iOS requirements for apps to use?
Texas womens University there I go!!!!
You know it.
Bright and early!
Love Richard Gere in 'Shall we dance!
We Look Up To Them, They Look Up To Us, They Lust For Trim We Lust For Trust..
FOLLOW MIRANDA!
You'd think so, huh?
lol!
Maybe in a perfect world.
AGCZ is on the move and should keep on going through out the week.
It's a great book!!
RT Got this book and can't put it down.
twitpic.com/6kviur
I was thinking the same thing!
however, my mom did say everyone has a special gift!
Well written, how can you help you?
Ready for Monday but then I am not
The biggest thing about me is my brain.
BIG FOOT!!
RT : I always recommend your products at all my career workshops/sessions.
Oh my, and photographer have seen everything on today's live shots, rain, low clouds, wind, hail and now snow.
I love my coaches!
3 Gomez Josh
stormy day here.
powers been knocked out twice.
will b a long day.
Can't wait for next Monday.
apartment deuces 
I'm more than terrified to into high school.
What My Wich comes in dif sizes now?
....Word!
Tell it to his secret ear.
I can't say enough about this lady you guys.
She genuinely wants to help so listen.
Thanks to all our fans for coming out to our bout today.
You're our sweethearts!
Hope to see yinz at our Season Opener: March 17
I'm coming back.
Mariano Rivera
omg I want boots!
Thank you
oh this week just gets better and better
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
Robert Louis Stevenson
love thelma!
she's the reason i got into the biz,  no work is the reason I got out.
now i'm a journo!
ha!
DwarfToss leagues now forming.
Wasn't the whole facebook timeline mandatory switch supposed to happen today?
Not that I'm complaining...
don't forget little old me!
GOP, Perry, Romney economics are race to the bottom economics.
Low wage, low skill and low return and ultimately low growth.
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
This day fucking sucks...
just saying.
Conclusion: Reading is good.
For reading, access to books is essential: libraries, libraries, libraries, libraries Krashen
I thought you were talking instagram: LOIlaughing on investment..
Watching the boogeyman creep as fuck
Agreed.
Can definitely lead to moisture issues if not done correctly.
Always use a contractor with old house experience!
good effort :
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them
Traveling to Creating Change to talk about SJS data!
:
Gotta love that ignorant shit!
Thnx for the follow!
its got moxy!
Anyone putting intimacy strength into Luminate CRM?
Time for an upgrade!Love the Andoctorid Market/Google Play but can not stand the speed/fail of my old phone.
iPhone or Suggestions??
Prosecution is currently impeaching the heck out of Nicole Alvarez.
Turn your televisions on, IT'S GETTING GOOD!
RT Very wrapped up in reading the amazing menu at  so many delicious options!
Me  had a great time with our beautiful daughter for her thanksgiving lunch.
Time is flying gotta cherish these moments!
yep, your meeting now.
I'm stuck on a rig in Bakersfield, hope to be home by at least Easter morning.
Then off to another rig Mon.
TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to come out of the closet and ADMIT he is a RACIST.
The viewers know.
TIME for PAT BUCHANAN to admit to it.
NLD Mom
ya!
Are u watching for first time?
I think more games should make you press every button on the controller simultaneously.
yes membership is discounted 5 until the puck doctorps on opening night.
Still just 10 per person.
Join online JacketBackers.org
What's up with QR codes that direct people to nonmobile versions of web sites?
That is just pure silliness.
no it's not sorry.
Nice try though
Mornin'!
Rainy Days  Mondays!
:
Ugh.
Even the trailers for Titanic make me cry.
Sigh.
I really do hate weekends.
Always have.
IThankGod all the little things that I sometimes over look
I think mcnabb and his coach r going to get fired.
On our to San Antonio..
Great job Clippers  made us proud!!
YES,, I AM WATCHING THE SUPERBOWL!!!
ME TOO..
I LIKE HER..
MAYBE I WILL SEE JB
Sigh...
I can't believe I'm saying this, but Go Tarheels.
Please let me have ONE Final Four team right.
If a snack is opened in the woods and no one is around to eat it, is it still dangerous?
: 1DQuotes Do you prefer a fan or Megan Fox?
Zayn: A fan.
Nothing is worth more than a fan.
THIS CANT BE POSSIBLE.
I love you You're my inspiration
.
I have a friend whose infant child was forced to undergo a strip search by TSA because of his Arabic name.
Today would have been Richie Valens birthday.
Always makes me sad for Donna.
Seize the day, you never know what tomorrow brings.
nice I cant wait to do it :
Daaayyyyyummm Bubba may have just sealed it up!!!
The gallery is open til five tonight!
Come check it out in get some hot cocoa !
That is the worst excuse I've ever heard.
Followed closely by Capello's there was something wrong in training i don't know what
Okay, who got me sick?
Now I got a raspy ass voice.
life.
Hold me!
It's not all all beer and skittles out there can't say I've heard that expression before.
I'm good, how bout you?
Put the day off to good use.
Still in my pjs
Celebrate Earth Day Dallas!!
Those grant panels in May?
Today the PEC reviews the recommendations made by the panelists, to be presented  the June 30 Commission Mtg.
last I checked...Henry Aaron is still alive!!!
Want to rethink the post greatest living player?
ayo son, lemme get dat.
I mean...can I please have that track good sir?
To all who follow: don't be offended if we haven't followed you yet.
We can only follow you when we reach 1,000 followers.
Stay with us!
Final step.
How did process feel?
What new insights did you get?
Rook Lift Records Jazz Jam tonight hosted by 9pm The Falls Lounge 626 Spring St.
Come hang and play
I don't know what chu talkin about.
U got sex on yo mind.
it will get better I will keep him I my Prayers.
We're gonna be playin with four fantasmic bands on September 1st.
Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc for details!!!!!
just show the video for boyfriend already!
3
really glad the documentation starts w/ WTF is this?
Upright Citizens Brigade tonight!
Just got Salad Reward Cards!
Create your own salad, buy 7 get 1 FREE Make em count, come in  try our salad bar!
unfortunately I went back :
Only around 10 of people who live near bigfoot, BELIEVE in bigfoot!
Why?
Took a trip  did a survey while looking for Bigfoot movie ideas.
.
YOU WANT TO BOOK A PARTY FOR SATURDAY MATRIX....
TEXT ME 972 839 4921.
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
if i had a dollar for every time you tweeted i would have 2346 dollars
Really?
I'll try that :b
why not both!
ragdolls?
Himalayans?
sheared for the summer?
The Day Ahead: No Econ Data, MIP Grandfathering Rumors, and Greek PSI Delay
All high school players will want to see this game.
The TOP SNR College Players from over 11 FL Colleges.
The Battle of Florida
Writing more of my story I'm on page 12, I love writing
you love me3
R.I.P Menciones ...
Of course, no problem!
Thanks beautiful!
Love ya too!
On my way to WVU for a weekend with I love you.
See you soon.
Natalie Tran uploaded a video?
Are you SURE we're in 2012?
I really really need a hug and a shoulder to cry on now.
Good Morning Twitches!!!
lolz.
I miss you too.
SQUIRT PRINTS
Hi Bonita, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year, and thanks for being a guest on The Christian Entrepreneur Show.
The stopkony video at 40 mil views  luv seeing the power of video combined w/ internet smarts making a diff in the world!
lol but everybody sucked except dameon
Listening to some old it always makes my day better.
oh ok cool!
is definitely cool ppls
oh god I hope that doesn't exist...
Id be number 1 creeper
Thanks for da shout :!
Conference registration for the Chefs Confluence is now available.
Early bird special for 149 and a culinary student rate of 99.
Yankees gonna sweep the O's
Just saw an ad for TImeLife DVD collection of the complete Six Million Dollar Man.
Can't resist Steve Austin
Today in Blues History: Nov 20, 1955, Bo Diddley agreed to play 16 Tons on the Ed Sullivan Show, but actually played Bo Diddley instead
you shuldnt have left bdubs so soon!
it got a lot more interesting after you left :
Ah, the good old there should be one search that finds me everything I need?
Ours essentially said our services are irrelevant.
well?
well?
continues to be my favorite/best bike shop in town
FOLLOW with a shot of tequila.
Thanks!
: If you ever find a use for it, I can easily create one for all AU publications
I offer Swedish, Deep Tissue, Sports, and Medical massage, as well as body grooming shave and scrub.
sounds perfect to me, Nina!
do you like it in the butt?
haha had to
Bumping music
Oh, more to come indeed!
I Choose, by India Arie!
Gets me going  motivated!

Hi Michelle.
We want to add Wine  Roses Charity Wine Tasting to event listing.
It's June 10.
Who to contact?
Christian protesters at reasonrally ignored designated area.
They harass near stage.
Yet they are safer than we would be at their rally.
Why is there a chubby Jewish girl sobbing in the coffee shop?
:
Oh, you're seeing it soon!
You're going to love it!
Laughs.
All I think of re: puff paint is having to peel my clothes apart after they came out of the doctorer.
CHALLENGE: Go to your local library and check out a Newbery winner that you've never read before!
Ready.....
go!
because everyone has problems and mine are no more important than anyone elses.
like thanks.
that really hurt.
Pretty much 80's night at work...
I love it!!
Yo when you coming back to chicago HOPEFULLYSOON me and my baby is going to get the best seats there
follow back please : 3
Hey tweets what's sweet today?
I have a sociology exam today that is going to kick my ass.
Good luck!!
definitely next time.
I should probably stay in and get work done.
might have just been looking for excuse not to : 
FF Shout out to a few of my fellow Meteorites:
Liam was very bouncy in that song.
no reason to be sorry if you're happy ;
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker
you're an excellent singer with a great story!
keepyourheadheldhigh :
which teams do you think will flaunt potent offense coupled with weak defense?
We're just looking for points...
you complete me
P what u mean
No better way to build a team than jacking together for 30 seconds right and ?
Why wait for the weekend to have fun..
Thank you!
Happy to get to this point.
Thanks for the follow brother!
maybe it's not women, maybe it's just me
what a sweet thing to say.
love YOU!!
yes, we would definitely hang out all.the.time.
and freestyle rap together.
RT Just starting to exercise?
Dont make the mistake of doing too much, too soon.
Whether part of a sandwich, a dinner roll or prepared as French toast, bread continues to be called the staff of life.
Having caffeine for the first time in forever.
2000followers FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW!
AND I will follow you back HURRY!
I love being wid my bruthas ..
just missing the crazy one !
I've got 2 jobs thanks, work 60 hours a week to pay salliemae for student loans.
Bet you haven't worked that hard in your life
Campaigning with old friends in Campbellsville tonight.
Stop on by if you're free.
We'll be at Cafe Bonin starting at 6:00.
FF awesome actresses
Lawyer found in contempt in court of SweetGenius .
At least he knows love is everywhere.
your welcome!!
Breakfast tomorrow!!!
:
I also got the DVD of all his classic videos from back in the day from my sis for X mas
For as much as she stumbled she's runnin', for as much as she runs she's still here
You are everything I want 'cause you are everything I'm not.
I HATE wen you ask someone something and they say yes..but wen its time to do it they got every FUCKIN excuse in the book.
High Performance Network Connectivity CIO panel at BostonSIM Forum
we missed you too!
: 3
I love TShirts
It's very important to put headset in a right location at first.Or you'll find unnecessary big pain of your ears after watching out a movie.
replace them all.
DOCG Vigna Sancol Prosecco is getting extra chilled today!!
I foresee a couple bottles getting sabered this afternoon!
depends on what you're seeking.
Apple  consistent.
Andoctorid  flexible platform but w/quality varying per device
check out the Zoo this spring!
RT : Spring Break Safari starts this week, with the fun continuing through the first week...
Don't go to Yelp for legitimate reviews.
Companies can  and do  pay to have negative reviews removed.
So true balancing hormones is one of our 8 Steps to Aging Younger
Target Field?
Ha!
So true.
Was trying to cuddle one of mine this AM  rec'd big scratch for my efforts.
Yes!
RT U were eaten by a grue RT Museums thinking  adapting old sch DD 4 an experience?
What do u thnk?
friends get friends to listen to JADED
Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame?
A: The motorcyclist is.
He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen?
We can hope!
: Thank you for the inspiration and encouragement.
MUCH appreciated.
Happy Wednesday!
oh come on offcourse not.
I am always here if you would like to talk about anything.
Purpose of my life is to inspire others :
Arrivals everyday this week!
As usual Luci brings you the hottest clothing from both coasts and abroad!
XOXO!
Have fun at OLD NAVY today, Carolyn!!
What is wrong with the world
let me know we can hook it up.
I have a bottle on ice.
great.
See you soon.
So excited about the Foundation Benefit Dinner tonight at 7pm at FBC!
Come and bring your friends/parents!
5 at the door!
It may seem surprising, but last season Tony Romo was 8th  David Garrard had the 9th ranked passer rating.
Baby did a bad, bad thing.
I'd feel a whole lot better with a couple more Brewers runs this inning.
I know your name!
Your name is unimportant to me...
NP
just made a bet that Eloy Vargas will be in the NBA next year?
Wow.
Think he got roofied
Who thinks Lady Gaga should just lend Justin Bieber her balls?
somebody's a big Mahler fan?
inally!have time to spend w/ my family!but missed so much here!
.
thanks for the RT!
Love your ideabook!
If you're ever looking for wall art to include let me know, I represent and
Enjoyed watching movie King's Speechgreat example of the power of coaching to get desired results
Having a brat at 2 in the morning.
ItsABootyCallWhen She Text You Like Can I Just Come Lay With You  Naked Huh?
Ok Ok Come On Get Comfortable Lol
Jus walked into class with my teacher...
We both late..
don't be a buzz kill.
MEE TOO AND LISTEN TO MASQUERADE TOO that one is also good i love both bonus tracks so glad i got deluxe !
you're going to make me cry.
:
Same!
What are you listening to?
:
FF My favorite people 
1 week until Women of a Certain Age closes.
Come to reception 10/28 68PM to hear From Hoops  Stays to Spandex  Spanx lecture
hey apl!
wassup man??
:D reply me please, don't ignore me ;
At least the won today!
Everyday is mothers day
coming to TMCC tomorrow :D
Loved 's new favorite things song
Watching ghostadventures : perfect pre working at a pageant night.
Hope all the girls are prep and ready they should follow
: So disturbed by this episode.
Sad when she is disturbed by something you know it is messed up.
what does this suppose to mean?
can't miss with a name like that!
Omg!
I wanna be in a video, standing right next to
peeps ask me why do you write more on some reviews than others?
if I'm intrigued or impressed im going 2 write lengthy positive experience
: Happy imma be playing Rb this year!
You know ima b coming down watching u set records for your conference in yards
did you unfollow?
My other acct is please click on it and hit follow,
One of the rabbits is in LA this weekend!!
At gifted hands about to get my hair done
Imagine having access to information in your own languageimportant for those of languages w/fewer speakers.
i wonder where are all the Villans are??
Nicki has good songs , but they just get old and played out.
Just saying
oh my yes!
As long as I can remember !!
trying to purchase omeka plan but our admin can't use the googlecheckout help!
Like the Three Amigos: if there is a platform, Angry Birds will be there.
The best part of waking up, is Folgers in your cup...
my own apartment!
Only 1 Month 25 more days till Spenc is due!
love those labels!
TwoThingsIWant To be happy when I'm home.
And for the fighting to stop.
/3
Really hate it when things fall through!
When momma says  no birth control, no sex!
Poppa is going to think things over and decide real quick which side of argument he's on!
Final score 3010.
We'll get the Locos in the rematch in Omaha on Oct.
15!
but you can certainly laugh at them!
:D
thanks so much
i love You Mother Monster .!!!!!
3
Question of the morning, did I hose my Win 7 installation?
There is a man on the corner of 6th  congress selling roses.
I think he was in a training class I facilitated...
That or I fired him.
Idk.
Happy birthday to the best poster ducttaper ever, the AGC intern Bo Katzakian!
Simply gorgeous out...Spring soon :
Thank you!
Happy saturday!!!
RT Just don't talk to me ever.
Thanks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MokeyLove!!!
All these haters hatin on me, but ion really care cuz they girls waitin on me.
We're a Residential, multifamily, and commercial firm.
With over 200,000 families living in the homes we designed.
See why people trust us
someone who loves me should bring me cheesefries!!
did you leave our fine state??
have a safe trip...
Thanks Leigh!
Bigger invasive government always says integrity to me ;  May the best side win...
I just found it online, idk if I can find it again but if I do I'll send you the link?
Yep it has :
the neologism roiphied requires further contemplation
My tutor's coming soon.
ugh I really don't want him coming anymore but him and my mom insist 
hey bro i havdnt talked to you in a while!
I miss our convos!
lol ew.
That song gives me a headache.
haha
New to LF Sentences:Third party as third eye or just another moist slit, pursed lips for lobbyists to pass coins into with their tongues?
some people never cease to amaze me.
Good to see you fam
Set up a tent in the camping department; tell others you'll only invite them in if they bring pillows from Bed and Bath
Honestly I'm Scared Of Tha Dark !
thanks for the mention and for sharing your link .
:
Good luck to you too!!!!!!!
Congrats to us 
Quiet Sat.
morning, french toast and the chatter of childoctorn.
Wishing future paper writing would just disappear POOF!
Where's that girl from GFS she was cute...
I totally think Jordis rocked that emotional or not
Act like a hoe  ima treat u like a hoe!
Lol why is your name not on your twitter Jose?
Nah, thats not the motto haha
I'm going to have bad eyes because Im on my phone so much in the dark...
This light is bright!
hahaha, good call on Henderson, I was thinking Williams too.
But athlete and swag is Hendo all the way
1 hr to go..
It's cold af in these tents
Lunch shopping and pick up and doctorp off twice for nutcracker rehearsal.
Loving my town.
Confusing cause it shows up on my home page like I sent to the world.
you too.
hay FF to both of ya.
it's only 2 hours away.
Miss my Girlfriend I rather be with her riqht now 3
I just want you to know that you deserve the best your beautiful3
Idk, ppl here are convinced...
excited to hang with and today girlsday :
Hey Mone, Long time no talk to.
Hope all is well.
God's plan is His power used in and through us.
We must refuse to live a less than life.
Becoming increasingly harder to find class guests for ACC.
Lots of former guests no longer playing SWTOR.
Good luck tonight my dude
ItSeemsLike when I like someone, they don't like me but when THEY do, my feelings changes
Awe!
Well I'm happy that you're happy!
:
i had lots of fun :
hey joel!
do you remember me?
it's been a really long time!
We should talk again :D
why keep saying that
thought I already was.
Haha.
: Congrats to for raising over 1000 for charities this month.
Rockin it.
Thanks Katie!
Very cool indeed.
Though your own URL shortner is pretty nerdy...
Saint Peters cannot get the W.
GC wins 32
please follow so we can DM you
any word on when you might get out?
Fager: Absolutely against paying license fees, etc.
to sources to secure stories.
CBS News will not do it.
HUGE Luxury 1BR in Heart of Midtown in New York City  sublet available on
RT : .: our project on digital privacy, security  freedom.
Follow them for the latest news  updates.
I figured you for meetings all afternoon.
on a patio.
With a beer.
and maybe a client, but that's negotiable.
Round 6 fails:, Midland Loan, State Street.
still in!
Getting a little tired of 3D meaning all things to all marketers.
Let's get a little more technical.
We're a stereo3D film company.
Shooting doctorK tomorrow morning in UnionSquare!
: This is going to be fun!
Nails charged with GTA?
Say it ain't so,
Have a fantabulous weekend!!
Went back and hit the jump today, but decided to go fast enough this time.
I really miss my best friend.
Why'd you have to be a cunt.
Looking for a great way to spend your Saturday night?
Head to Los Cabos at the Legends and we'll get you taken care of!
RT : AJR63 to limit the right of recalls has passed.
Unbelievable, Cory
next week im going to buy 's shirt, i cant fucking wait!
Pizza for dinner
AH!
I love you
The only real king I know is a guy named MJ.
Not the crybaby king lol
Comdey store show, Day Nappy Fro show that is!
Come see it!
Nothing is easy, but achieving is always possible.
When you achieve something, impossible becomes nothing.
Had a good time out tho wit Corey.
Duke leads Michigan 3422 in halftime.
My nephew is running around with my point and shoot camera.
He's loving it.
Wireless is down at Holiday Inn French Quarter.
At least I have my doctorid so not totally cut off from the world.
G'night.
Sen.Brown is soliciting ideas to reduce the price of gas.
He starts with the idea that demand is down and supply is high.
I think he's high.
Rihanna.
My grandma can barely remember my name, what makes you think she knows yours?
Just heard the letter box lp in my living room.
Sounds so nice!
I don't make mistakes, I date them.
News Silence following Williams's racial insult shows how little golf has changed The silence following Steve Williams's rac
I would like to think the Polish language comments on my blog are not spam.
sigh
Charlotte bound...looking for housing...any suggestions Charlotteans?
Help out!
Vote 4 them 2 win 5k to teach kids how to care 4 their pets refresheverything.com/pep Text ur vote!
Text 106552 to 73774
How to Make a Dissolving Bikini as a Prank
ima leave that shit alone and just chill and text
Second Half ends, MLS AllStars 0, Manchester United 4.
yep, whole system crapped out from it.
4 hours wasted
WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO FLORIDA??
PLEASE SAY!
I'M YOUR BIGGEST FAN EVER!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, YOUR MY IDOL3333
Did you see his Twitter?
He's definitely not coming back.
Do you think he'll go to the NBA?
Is doctorke gonna be at BBM?
Sure it is  its ad copy.
They aren't full sentences to begin with.
Maybe they've had too much to doctornk.
Hey, it happens.
May the be with you doesn't seem to work quite as well.
anytime babe ;
I got my Kindle copy at 1130pm last night.
Great book.
Loved it!!
Really enjoyed lunch today.
Happy 1 year anniversary!
Building out taxonomies for crops  plants, soil  land, agronomy.
This seems really practical!
Great news everybody!
Beauty blow out sale on HSN!
i might hire someone whose first email to the agency starts a meme.
You can't judge a book by its cover, but pretty sure I can judge a person by how/where they put their license plate renewal stickers...
Quick, Mary, change the subject!
Before a bunch of hair salons with no interest in art start following you!
y no invitas?
In the spirit of the season, we wish you truly blissful holiday season.
Breathe well!
With over 261 days, 10 hours and 30 minutes until the end of the world.
I'm accepting all donations of money, homes  cars
Fly back to LA tomorrow : :
I just bought the sweetest winter coat!
I love it!
ohh ya .
We gone see Whassup.
You been m.I.a
It used to be about the cool weird guys talking about mushrooms, man
what is the best food to pair with dark beer?
to new york but I'm here now!
get a picture
morning folks
Started training for mkelfmarathon this week.
Speed work on Tuesday and Tempo run yesterday.
So far so good ...
TwSIG Should have an Avatar, but Twitter puts an A there.
Increases credibility.
Bio, very important because it's searchable
Thank you!
do u!
yeah these are cool saw them the other day
It's Friday the 13th...
scary movie anyone?
Aww, this fakeMAtowns fakeMAtown thing is making me homesick.
Does Worcester count?
No one knows how to pronounce it so it's barely real.
's in the house.
Why some jobs make u lose ur hair, why a cold bath cld be bettrr than brkfst  his secret wd comg up
What I notice in that chart is the correlation breakdown in '00'01.
They used to be right on top of each other.
oh ya and good morning all.
what we thought was spring tricked us.
it will soon be here, i hope.
don't forget madeline forester party 4/10
how goes it for ya
for what?
What do they have that we don't?
Lives?
Time?
Boobs.
funny bc it's true
sheep can now tweet : Lambstock upgrades: wifi in the sheep pastures, foundation for wood oven goes in the week.
More to come.
you know what really grinds my gears?
missing out on taco tuesdays at
I'll take it RT : USA defeats England, 11!!!
Nice result, great start to
just google it.
You will be able to pick your area from there
I'm so tired 
Getting started on our next show, we need models, designers, musicians and artists of all kinds to come together!
Preconf meetup nearing an end.
Heading out to
Saw daughters said I remind them of 2 characters in the movie  Jennifer Lewis's role something 2 think abt
why didn't i advertise the student advisory team on twitter/facebook until the day the applications are due
Some people come into your life as blessings, others come into your life as lessons
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind.
Im going to watch all your movies
what's up Dallas?
whats going on tonight?
Franny D grom The Dirges playing at the Piano Bar tue may 8th , 9pm w/ Melyssa Marie.
See ya there
You must not only aim right, but doctorw the bow with all your might.
Henry David Thoreau

So, so happy for you, friend!
enjoyit  thank u friend!!
I wish I was cool and like right when I tweeted something I get like 10
One door closes and another one opens: Congrats!
Oh my god!!
This is Bayerns game.
I am having the best time with and his silly songs and his noninvited sexual harassment.
The trick to doctorpping the past is to find out how to live now as if it were forever.
I swear my hair gets curlier everyday.
This trip makes it official  no need for any computer other than my iPad ever again
Can't wait to have u as a car2go member!
Let us know how the 1st doctorve goes : Love the concept.
Can't wait to try it out!
lolololololol follow me back or I'll cut my hand?
If you're in Marion, Ind., today, pick up a copy of the ChronicleTribune for an article about the Point ParkTaylor game yesterday.
Lunchtime is double time
We will :
hahaha oh gosh..still makes me laugh!
Great times this weekend : S/O to and
I followed back.:
on a hunt for vocal samples...
Shut these IU fans up on Saturday!
first goal was a joke.
The men
Really wishing I could text Bjork break a leg, babe.
Why are you so obsessed w/ me?
8 cars involved in an incident on the restart.
Sato moved from 5th to 3rd!
RED MISSED needs to get Power and HunterReay on the next restart
heading out to San Francisco...Fun times ahead ; 
Also, I should prolly change my username/pic now, right?
Been meaning to do that..
Hahah
so true!
RT lol freaken puertoricans we answer our own ?s and point w our lips but talk w our hands smh lmfao so true!!
Briberyculture of corruption remains in the Phil's.
OldTraditionalPoliticianInThePhil's are the realproblems cc:
That was me until I reset my AIM password.
what'd ya think!?
I would like to thank the creators of Xanax for making this night possible.
ThingsMyExSaid i know you taby, i know you did shit.
Quit liein.
big trust issues there.
I don't think y'all ready for what's about to go down tonight...
Looking at american dad and playing on ps vita
Yesterday at my author visit in Lincoln, IL, a 3rd grader wrote: Joy feels like the wind in my hair when I ride my bike.
Nice.
IS THE TRUTH!!
James Brown has awaken  asked Who dat singing James Brown ...
I'm James Brown?
I know, I miss you too...and I'm pretty good!
Not letting these fools get the best of me.
Wbu?
Lame officiating.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake caaaakeee
1005 Princess Anne St.
Fred.
Va.
22401!
10 admission 5 w/ student ID!
9pm!
Come on out and see us, Third Stream Giants!
:
We Are The In Crowd, Secret Secret Dino Club, Rival Summers and more at The Legion Hall in Rochester tonight!
6pm come hang out with us!
thank you for the RT
I love my favorite actor, that its you ;D
Mesh shelves provide the extra airflow required by cold store items such as meats, dairy, vegetables or linen.
Thanks for the follow.
Your site is cool!
Vladimir was a similar character to Vito.
Strong presence, strong presentation.
awww thank you!
Glad you had a great time!
Hope we will see you again soon!
XOXO
Sunshine is coming out in downtown Milwaukee  great way to start the day!!
...'cause it was on my FB?
Come on Pau!!!
waah it was boring!
I'm staying the night at coco keys
Thanks for the follow!
I followed back!
:
congrats mama!
what kind of job is it?
For attendees of our HiveC3 session on Facebook April 6, we sent out some additional Facebook resources.
Next session is May 4.
How was SXSW?
'I saw my baby, crying hard as babe could cry!'
yeah...i believe u
Does anyone think EWC would be BetterwithConfetti?
At Henry's Puffy Tacos with girl!!!
Aww, I'm not sure I can take any credit since Toronto is such a gorgeous city.
And that meal at Yours Truly was RIDICULOUS.
It has felt like winter for only two days, however, I am ready for a January Thaw!
Whoa just got chills seeing Jered Weaver complete the no hitter on the Twins tonight.
RT : A3 The best videos for me are those that tell stories, they are authentic and because of, engaging
I was wondering that as well.
Plenty of other pink gear.
Even if Braun claims he didn't use performance enhancers, only Viagra or Cialis or whatever his excuse is, it's still a failed doctorg test.
great sessions for hardware people.
Already looking forward to NEXTgenM.
Following Postman's steps for what?
Tired of hearing about loose, violent dogs attacking people  other animals.
Been hearing these same stories all my life in NM.
It's sad.
EverydayIThinkAbout if you're gonna stay.
I am from Seattle we do not lie very good
If any of you like to cook, new recipes, and you don't know about yet, I completely recommend checking it out.
Awesome company.
Good Luck Dillon Wagner.
I appreciated your hustle and your heart on the ice!
that's what hair and makeup peep are for!
Thanks, Lynda!
Habakkuk Lesson: GOD sometimes answers our prayers by allowing things to become much WORSE before they become BETTER;
Omg.
I went out with him a couple times and now he thinks he owns me.
So annoying!
Oh no football.
Or soccer if you wish.
Reds are Manchester Utd
Especially when you have had a 12 pack and will be sleeping by the middle of the 2nd period.
Sigh.
Got nothing done today.
I don't think so :D
I've become quite addicted to Scandal.
Such intrigue!
Love it.
I'm having a gr8 day, while, in the past, I would be tired, after traveling with 1st graders in a bus on a field trip.
Today would be a most wonderful day to make me the 15th person you follow!
foreclosure expert here!
Yes, agree, I trained there and was remembering following a spry doctor McKusick up the steps to the top of the Hopkins dome...
I wish I could.
Sounds great!
RT : Yum!
We should trade for some tacos!
RT : Our amazing mussels RT :
: Yuh a sample enuh!!!
Bout bad grammer...
Silly  I meant my grammar lol..
A good judge doesn't know the strength of the plaintiff's case until he's heard the defense.
William Sheffield
Im at spoons cafe for open mic!
Simple fun ;
Before I die I really wanna be in a flash mob!
Yep!
It's the best kind of travel.
It really enriches both the travel and the family history.
Ah!
What a beautiful day to practice
Werrk Mischief Makers  KM's Inspire!!!
Great win
Luxury living in Los Feliz!
Wait, what?!
u suckin' at this Cricket game bro.
Step it up!
Lost a tweet from u abt woman who does video workouts in big warehouse looking place.
Foreign accent.
Great WOs.
Can't find her!
Who is she?
Osama news is most wonderful, but now I'm praying for our military members everywhere in light of possible backlash.
Thank you for the FF shoutout!
I hope you have a very nice weekend!
All of my classes this semester take place in 2 rooms
Women are like stars...only one can make your doctorams come true!
Wine deal seekers  it's my fave time to look for wine!
Lots of great clearance deals  look for marked bottles in a cart.
kevin durant puttingtheteamonhisback hope ya don't get 6 kobe
Interesting pregame for a Saturday night...
Watching Lawrence Welk with my parents and grandparents.
2am audible reservations for brunch, great call
thankyou too:D
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Thomas A.
Edison
Almost over indeed :...
I didn't, cuz no matter what I accomplish, I want more!But I can't complain...
Allergies like no other
great job on  THANK YOU.
You broke my heart so I broke your car.
Thank you, mister President.
I love you.
Tx so much for the RT!
We're extremely proud to still remain one of the safest!
Dev by lifeguard  avid surfer!
Loving all the action and energy in Cleveland this weekend!
Done from work.
Vegas this weekend..
Still lots of stuff to be done..
Haayy..Buhay America..
Ditched the conference dinner to get a Huey burger.
Plus they have Yuengling on tap!!
RIPAngel I'm sorry for ur lost :
RT : I'll take care of you.
and you got your boo in atl you caking with....
How's that going????
Will Nevada have a say in who gets GOP nod?
Kinda looks that way.
See you Saturday morning!
When and where is the HOLIDAY HOUSE?
IS there a website?
This very proUNR crowd at Orleans Arena has been silenced by SJSU.
Spartans up 2719 w/ 1537 left.
IT'S FRIDAY......
I kinda forgot on the real lol
We still on for lunch tomorrow?
Pull up your pants!!
And you managed to dine somewhere other than H Street for three nights in a row!
I think that's the bigger surprise!
designing some one sheets not to sure how I feel about this..
Think they are out dated why not make a web video?
Thanks for the add!:
ConfessionHour I haven't changed clothing sizes since high school but my muscle to fat ratio has become more like a fat to fat ratio.
I know what it means but if you don't know a fact of Justin, it doesn't make you less
delayed by ?
Me: 1 cancelled,1 delayed 2 hrs,1 maintenance issue, 2 gate agents that don't have crystal balls
Classic :: NP SEAN PAUL AND SASHA IM STILL IN LOVE WITH YOU,,,,THAT VIDEO SMH
Writing up ABC's 201213 schedule now.
Looks terrific!
Very aggressive and solid.
im joking everybody
just heard people at the nj costco call penne pasta, pehnaynay....
Zucchini bread /or frittatas.
There.
Did that help at least a little?
;
: Tony and Mickey are playing at the blue bird cafe tonight  6 pm!
Be there!
Hahaha RT : If anyone knows the names of the plastic surgeons of Elle MacPherson and Demi Moore, call me.
curator even on my days off: picked up a retro filing cab at the ReStore today.
Came home and immed.
googled mfg name to date it.
as far as I know!
You coming out?
How long?
Stay with us!
Thanks for the RT Your 1st Friday event sounds fun.
Wish I were in the area!
If you haven't seen the Avengers yet...you must!
Extremely entertaining!
Some bitches don't know how to text back
About 80 of college students change majors at least onceso don't obsess TOO badly about that choice!
lol, i could imagine getting an animated gif of a unicorn as some kind of trophy
The Puffins  Brett Randell  Uncommon Ground in Edgewater tomorrow night!!
Zero degrees today and six inches of snow
I was gonna doctorp by but it appears we're boarding early
the Pack of course
Florence undoubtedly a fan favorite in Buffalo.
Always engaging.
Pick 6 vs.
Pats will never be forgotten.
But, NFL's a business.
seriously I can't believe you would say something like that.
That is probably the most cruel thing a person could say.
take it off and reload it, I had to do that yesterday an it started to work again I've had problems with my twitter app for 2 day
gotta get up out this house
A blessing to hear Shaney!
Hope you can dance it away in your dance studio!
Thank u so much for listening  for been here :
yea I have 2 cuz of the fcat but my mom said she might pick me up after so I don't have 2 walk that much
Live w/ and talking Trust Barometer
You better I can't handle the separation!
Tweet your events and giveaways to us and we'll share them!
xoxo
the work is from everyone!
Tell the world!
Who in the fuck can this homeless guy be texting?
I'm obviously in the wrong fucking business.
so.
hungry.
must...
get ready for work.
cant.
move.
waaaaah.
working slim
Why am I so freaking dizzy?!
If you step on people in this life, you're going to come back as a cockroach.
Willie Davis
I agree!!!
RT : JustRead SALVAGE THE BONES by Was SO good!
RT So guess Twitter just feels like unfollowing people against my will huh?
Smfh...
i hate that!
I know I need a new one
some bitty who has a mediocre taste in music.
You might also like Beach House, Beirut, and The Black Keys..
just a hunch ;
hey there.
Hope the healthy pancake and dessert syrups are going well.
Wishing you the best!
If you are looking for a great place to stay in Old Town Scottsdale AZ, be sure to check out Good Life Vacation rentals!
Short Taiwan stock market is good.
thanks for the tweet, ash!
Appreciate it
Theres no point in lying when u grown even if it's to protect someones feelings
you should be able to have it
I want to do your bio!!
wait nvm somebody esle is doing it.
DAMN.
D:
Yes Doctor, but it's all a part of our master plan, bwhahahahahahah!
: YouKnowShesTheOne if she's been through hell and back trying to keep the relationship.
Good morning and good night texts :
Man, when it's early/late, I feel like I say stupid stuff on the internet
GREAT RATES TO STAY  HARRAH'S, CAESAR'S PALACE, PLANET HOLLYWOOD, RIO, PARIS, FLAMINGO AND MUCH MORE BOOK  www.myvegaspeople.com
I tried to make a collective antitypical professorle.
Starting my twitter account!
This is sure to generate a list of realistic candidates.
Saban Meyer RT: if Spaz was to be fired who would u want BC to hire?
Math is easy for me up to a certain extent
nice work, Suzy!
if you live in DC and you eat food, follow and go check it out.
tell 'em some guy sent you.
they'll know.
I don't do anything fun because I'm reading HungerGames had to kidnap me yesterday
Thanks and for the RT: Looking for Milwaukee business to share Social Media, SEO, SEM  Blogging success stories.
RT : So pumped to see present on Street Lit RA!
mladla12
If you love that old skool bass like I do follow A good guy and excellent with them beats!
Thank you for starting it the creative hatwearing conversation!
Great promotion idea!
you think you're gonna win this poke war but you're not..
;
Visited a Interactive Media company in the OC today.
The offices had an outdoor theme, like little campsites.
Pretty cool place
Oldschool popcorn to satisfy a latenight salt craving.
Am I the only fool left who still makes it on the stove?
Glad to see the Knicks beat the Heat.
First playoff win since 2001!
Anyone watch the SHO series Spartacus?
Or am I the only one who likes bloody gladiator scenes and hot naked Roman girls all over the place
Religion is not what you will get after reading all the scriptures of the world.
It is not really what is grasped by the grain.
I have the worst headache and I can't sleep.
Great.
Sitting out by the poolside, I'm shocked no one else is out here on such a gorgeous day!
The one and only Bob Feller in 1940
DanceMusic Like DMb Always wanting to be a dancer, Juliet Star enjoyed dancing to the beautiful sounds of Progressive House and Trance.
A a hyperflexed left knee is the word of Blake Griffin.
RT : Blake is definitely hurting.
Not running well.
I hear ya.
I wouldn't want some poor criminal to steal my awful identity...lol
thank you!
chuck are you going to prepare for Irene any differently than any other big storm?
i love big girls who aren't afraid to eat!
babysitting my boyfriend's nephew while he rocks out a show tonight ...he is going to owe me for this one...
:
Celtics better finish strong
; that's right
this weather makes me ridiculously happy.
Day 2 on the Daniel Fast.
It's more enjoyable than I imagined; still glad I'm not doing it alone though
Shit DC says www.youtube.com/watch?vFuPwy77scvw
Thx Dee!
Loved seeing you the othe week!
Xoxo RT : Happy Mother's Day Luv
Just spoke with MPD.
They say heroin use has been on the decline since the second half of 2011.
that's good!
Sam Bradford in middle of the Hair Wars with Axe deal.
Not sure i'd mess with 
club sandwich, sneak attack Mayo 1
idk maybe some skiing.
U having fun w ?
Hope to see him on this trip too!
We add burbon to our pecan bars.
Dude, I should've asked for a laptop instead of a guitar when I was 13 lol.
I hope you feel better!
Get lots of rest!
Sending hugs!
;

I love your twit icon lol
and we start annoying people
that guy who say gentleman start your engines he need to think twice that there is 2 beauitful female in the field so say doctorver next time
Working out those unhealthy jello legs of mine .
Spring has almost arrived for us in the northern hemisphere.
What are you looking forward to most in the warmer weather?
Listening to interview is absolutely the best thing I've ever heard.
Comedy and food.
My two favorite things
THAT'S GUD TO HERE
hey buddy!
You guys in the states still?
Attitude mean like how I grew up.
I hold grudges like how I hold my nuts.
There always a little truth behind every 'Jusx Kiddin'
it's okay :D nothning new ..
wbu?
:D3
i have a headache 
no?
my photo
you could smuggle illegals across the boarder in that thing!
Lol!
ha good point.
I'm sure his are extra scary too
Day light savings is soul sucking when we Spring Forward
If all I'm remembered for is being a good basketball player, then I've done a bad job with the rest of my life.
Cold this morning!
brrr
There is soo' much fog over in Laporte.
ughh..
Kirko Bangz  Play Me: via
I hate how I can't stop thinking about him !
wtffffffff lol
S/O to my newest follower
I'm really loving this new song.
can't wait till thursday
Join us today for lunch!
Enjoy a Valencia Sandwich  Prosciutto, Manchego Sliced Figs, Arugula/Mescaline Mix for only 8.99!
The answer is to read the fine print.
Every time.
Stuff being bought online makes these kinds of issues all too easy to happen.
Come to Unicorn again today?
GREAT IDEA ACTUALLY!
;
Marry me, ?
Tony will always have my heart/vote, all the way back to Shotgun
happy birthday!
my only wish is that i die real
Love their Apple Fest!
: This weather pairs perfect with local cider from Long Grove.
Come in and have a LG Apple Cider Martini
okay : I'll let you know when I'm going
Hard to type w/birdie feet ;
If you are still looking for a place to eat in CLE, check us out!
2 More Days Before School Starts !!
:O There Is Something Wrong Here .
THINGS TO DO BEFORE OPENING A CLOTHING STOREs
God is so good!!!
18 people followed Christ in baptism at our Easter services in Raleigh  Apex!
LAST DAY OF CLASS
o, just how I likes em ;
Wise: Reviewers reject AfAmericans in Appalachia
TONIGHT Stickky Hot and The Blackouts, Who Turned Out the Lights?, The Air Isn't Going to Condition Itself Y'know 8
I'm gettin rid of a bunch of stuff so yep I'm pretty much packed...gonna chill n enjoy tha city tha last few days and dip June 1
Preparing for the worst day ever...
At the same damn time
too all my twitter friends check out www.coalitiontosaveamerica log in register.
ref your friends and family.
stay tuned to daily updates.ty
: PLEASE stop spraying pesticides on your lots, contaminating our ground soil, water supply and Canandaigua Lake.
Thank you.
I keep checking my mail for crafts from
Gametime for the Mavs!
Playoffs!
Let's go!!!
Almost there...
Bench mob is the key to this game
I wiah you would have, Astro was being a punk.
I'm done trying to impress people.Sorry I'm not perfect.I hate what you have made me become.I miss the old me.
I've become a monster
Last week was a great and Fun week specially Mother's day !
Looking forward to have another successful week!
work hard play hard!
HOORAY!!
GMAIL IS WORKING!!
Sadly, it's been bouncing my email for the last 24 hours so hopefully it will start to flood back in.
Why is school even happening right now...
Yeah man I hit you up lol I did Webster Hall too.
Just entered state 2!!
Hello Virginia!
images come alive in different ways when digitized: integrated into impromptu memorials and shrines
NOPE YO MAMA CAME OVER  IT AGAIN SUCKIN MY DICK 4 A S/O...
RT : Did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again?
Brown people are surrounding my door...
hides
Haven't stop running since practice this morning.
I need a nap
Eye doctor today told me I might have Early stages of Glaucoma..
On the bright side I might be a legal weedhead Coming to a town near u!
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Good workout this morning, now off to the courthouse.
Left a comment on the posting.
That song brings back so many good memories :
what season are you on?!
I'm down with that!
I wanta be thre off camera eating while you guys are recording stuff haha
Get TAN!SpecialsFrom 9a2p Buy 1 Instant Tan for 14!
Buy 1 UV Tan and get 1 FREE!
Purchase a Valentine's Tanning Bag for someone special!
I might be helping with Austin now...
I could pick up boxes in morning for you.
It's in old CW...
IT IS Survivor day.......
Yeah, I think I'll do that.
Avengers can wait.
When life knocks you down, get back up and keep being strong.
Why does hitting my elbow hurt so damn much, holy crap :c
I miss y'all
Had moment of thrill: a friend Facebooked his excitement re: a forthcoming UCP book that I touched!
Yay, scholars  nerds!
haha!
Dumb ol, twitter
thank you!!
oh no!
Crap
Does anyone know the secret to opening an old stubborn can of ink ?
I always feel like I gonna bleed all over the studio.
Is this thing on?
taps screen Hello?
My grilled chipotle cheese just beat up your regular grilled cheese.
rocksforfox alcatraz uh oh!
That can't be good......looks like colloidal silver in her future
NOTHING TO COOL TO TAKE ME FROM YOU MARRY THE NIGHT IS THE SONG IN MY AVENUE , LOVE IS THE NEW GAGA AND I SKELETON GUNS AND BELLS IN THE...
New post: Garmin AC Adapter
I can't help you fix yourself but at least I can say I tried.
I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
MT : Most educators I know jest that I am on twitter....until they join, then they jest at how they were not!
A relationship is supposed to be between to people.
But there always has to be that one jackass who wants to be a third member.
Totally love the version of 'Kiss Me Again' with 3 SO GOOD.
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
What happened to We Care Oregon, Bella Cafe, Spirit Cafe, Pacwest Com., Bella Catering?
All of them fraudulently run by a church deacon.
I peeped.
Very pressed.RT ANOTHER OSU TURNOVER!!!!
Bearcats are making me DAMN proud to be a fan right now!!!!
Candy buyback is tomorrow!
Check the website for details!
Kids bring your candy!
Support our troops!
I'm staying at the gym all day to avoid studying for finals.
That's ok right?
Had to go out at 7:15a to fetch the paper so it wouldn't be stolen like last Sun.
Turns out having a NYT subscription's like having a dog.
so what do think of Lock Poker?
FWIW, I  Tide Pods.
Aesthetically pleasing.
No need to measure.
Solves the doctorppyTidebottle problem.
Hope they stick around.
Sounds like upcoming has a great lineup.
Sorry to have missed in Chicago this past week.
nerdland uppers weekend.
Hey everyone....just wanted to say a quick hello and introduce myself.
My name is Katie.
I'll be the one posting the updates from now on :
help us get to 500 followers!!
we are 5 tweeps away!
awesome on 1690!
Based on the tweets, citiessummit2012 looks like an amazing event.
Question: when does data access turn into civic engagement?
Little boy and girl playing
One of my Fantasy players is in jail.
This day is going to suck balls.
I found that joke hilarious!
xDDD: Mohr: The Boston Bruins apparently are delicious.
NHLAwards
you are correct...it does get better!
Layout Design of a 300 page book.
I love Typography!
I got stuck in the elevator at work today : It doesn't work when one of the doors isn't closed all the way.
Congrats, Erin!
That's great.
Boiler Making is an interesting major choice, but I respect your decision.
Woo going to jersey!:
one love, much love.
Thanks for all the magic you bring to my life!
So many tweets about ala11  I'm feeling kinda left out :
Helping Nico be more organized : I'm a good friend!
Quinten just made a puzzle  solve it and he'll buy you one of Mitch's ALL BEEF HOT DOGS!
7916 SE Foster until 7 PM today, 117 ThursSat
A HUGE CONGRATS to for hitting 3 on NY Times Bestseller list THIS SUNDAY!
ByInvitationOnly BUY IT.
Change is good, but makes it a little difficult to refer to.
Going to Where.
I'm actually kinda curious...
how much money would you have?
The best gift I have ever received and will ever receive, is salvation.
Love your shades.
They fit perfectly on that cute little nose.
were u getting a mall
Pittsburgh Power coach and wide receiver join us today!
Pack your helmets!
y'all still playing in the post season?
Seems teamMilwaukee twitter fam will be at bowlero tonight to celebrate a lovely ladies bday 2nite I don't no em but sounds fun
So  can I take I4 westbound thru lakeland/plant city or not??
Don't want sinkhole delays..
where are you in world 1?
I'm in the middle of the Reformation, we're watching Luther with Joseph Fiennes, it's pretty good
I dvr it.
I think you can get them on iTunes though?
It's really not the worst thing in the world.
It can make shitty college dining hall eggs acceptable.
hey follow me and tht ice cream looks good
Today starts my last week at New Hope!
:
Natural and delicious energy!
I love Waffles!
i need someone to do a cover with me xD for the likes of you  woe is me screams and cleans ?
I'm all set!
I'll be attending solo but can't wait to meet some fabulous women!!
Legalize gay marijuana.
/via
btw my Italian grandmother called it ALL macaroni: spaghetti, ziti, capellini, whatever.
Never used the word pasta.
Ok, then we'll start with a nice easy 2step to warm up the joints and get some blood circulating :
Any idea what the deal was with South Park last night?
Something is going on...
Killed last night!
Shout out to BTF and the other artists.
MADBEAST NY you heard!
Cut and Color with out Junior Stylists Erin  Brittany only 75
wish sample is up !
check it out and tell me what you think !
Please bring Mandy back to iCarly!
is AWESOME!
You could even let her sing a song, she has a beautiful voice!
Getting ready to send out some free healthy organic coffee, tea, and hot cocoa.
Who wants free samples?
I'm so glad!
Guys are really chicks on the inside...
Or so says the new sketch we're shooting today.
ah i see.
i heard it was coming.
it's not the first time they stalked an apple store tho.
been to bellevue square lately?
haha once again it's much more of being straight out : and girls are awesome, as friends lol :b guys are just guys!
FridayTacos!
Can it get better than that?
No.
No it can't.
OMG CANT WAIT TILL THE VIDEO!!!:
Anyone have suggestions?
RT Know of any home decor store sales?
I'm hunting for a new comforter set
1st game tonight !
Couturier no twitter?
My brother is an ass smh,, I love him tho
how so?
LOVE your music...you are a lyrically gifted!
I was going to but we have family in town for a graduation.
Would it be worth it to come for a few days during the week?
can't make tonight, playing at Blarneystone.
Glad I got to see Dave last week!
Dude rocks.
Hacked out a review of the Human Centipede last night.
Be posted soon.
: Decide today to live with peace and not do more than you can handle.
Sorry if this is stupid.
Are you thinking of Diogenes in the School of Athens?
With his begging bowl?
My lulsistah getting a belly ring im getting a tattoo
Running up the stairs in fear because you feel an evil presence behind you .
Are any of you interested in a meal replacement?
olive garden for lunch !
yee
RT  Washington Nationals game!
All I want for Christmas is a new quarterback, a new quarterback, a new quarterback...
HELL NO?!
I had to fight tooth and nail when I came back from Djbouti for OperationIraqiFreedom for benefits
don't get shanked dude.
So far so good, nothing yet but something soon for sure!!
Dear , I love you.
Then stop tweeting  start reading!
focus go!!!!!!!!!!!
the doctoram is collapsing!
cc:
My cubical is right on the edge of being big enough to fart in but too small that they obviously know its me.
Would be a much better story if he stopped at Sup Dogs.
Hey Derek your co host said we might have to reschedule tomorrow.
any word?
RT yeaah !
That'd b e dope!
Ima tell him to send acapellas when I send him the beat whenever that is loll
Off to Rosengård to do some goalongs and interviews
Enjoying rehersal dinner in Atown with  rest of family.
Proud of my lil sis Katie.
Imma bout to bunch someone in the face...
Why the fuck would you not make a shoe in size 13?!
Thanks for the followback ; : thanks for the follow!
Cannot stress enough how much I hate how flaky wireless communications is.
or venti : are you working right now?
we all know Situation is gay, he always puts everyone elses business out now its ur turn!
HAHAHA!!!
It sold out so fast!
I emailed my coworkers 30 minutes before and we managed to get 14 people registered.
hey, havent talked to you in forever
Glad to hear, mama.
Saved by the Bell is on Netflix, if you need some entertainment.
90s dudes  babes heal all!
Watching Doomsday Preppers on
Okay, well, submit it tomorrow.
Phi Phi's guy is gorgeous.
SO WHERE WERE YOU WHEN STEELERS WERE IN REDZONE?
and where's the touchdown?
hm...
Putting in all the effort for sumthing u love will automatically mean accomplishment
Boise Inc.
Announces Next Urban Park Development Site Through Project UP
good times with and last night, awesome fucking show!
Back from rehearsing the play American Rapture.
Laugh out loud funny in parts and deeply moving in others, it's gotten me all churned up
RT : Celebrate Mom Saturday  Sunday!
Brunch 11:30.
Dinner 4:00.
Best Mom Contest.
Win a Mom Gift Basket.
Special menus, doctornks
Who knows how to ride a ripstick?
Women always worry about the things that men forget..
But men always worry about the things women remember.
RT : Did you receive blue card, or did pollworker give Dem ballot for red card?
Lame!
I will now boycott the game after this next round...
With you.
But he was too cute for words.
3
If you see a short lady in a grey jacket near the paint circle, it's my friend Diana.
I should be there in 5 minutes or so.
Feels like a frying pan out here in ny today!
At walmart.
Apparently chocolate chips are NOT in the chips isle.
do u hv it on your fone
So excited to be at soslam this morning.
Having amazing conversations with everyone I meet!
Turning off distractions is difficult but must be done.
Presenting celeb chef Guy Fieri a KY Colonel in front of 600 at the Oaks Bourbon Bruch was beyond cool this AM.
I love it!!!!
You have a great weekend too love;
Nice weather out here.
so...what were you reading?
Very cool to see all our extended family get together in Georgia.
Always fun, but glad and I are back in our own bed tonight!
I tried to put this site out of my mind, so I wouldn't go CRAZY, but you just brought it back for me!
LOL!!
Calendar transition chaos has caused meeting confusion.
Hate how relient I have become on my calendar reminders.
Beer bar recommendation from a local: If you're ever in Louisville, go to Sergio's.
Sounds great.
when is the news coming?
I just caught FashionStar for the first time last weekend.
AH MAZING show!
she needs to hop on the band wagon.
She would have so many followerz
sorry.
i'll try harder for a homerun next time ;
Enjoy T.G.I.F.
with our Santa Fe Sensation tonight...salsa, jalapeño peppers, mozzarella, grated Italian  light gorgonzola cheese!
I hate having stop texting when I'm at the movies t
he ain't ready to play the bobcats either lol
having fun in san diego!
I have become intrigued by anything that goes crunch.
Homelessdogmusic will be launched.
Will begin recording the music at Timewarp starting in December.
JANUARY 2012 LAUNCH!
Quick Wire chat.
It's been a long time since I've watched.
:
32 and the payoff pitch coming up for the
Angelina is in fullon Jessica Rabbit mode!!
Swarming at CLT!
fire him now.....maybe they can still make the playoffs
trying to flex me..
NF what sup hansum, speed boat
So banks and other creditors cannot collect if you are destitute but the University of Houston stands a much better chance.
I like looking at maps.
Fascinating where places are in relation to other places.
I purchased some new weave today and my mood went up 5x2!!!
Males dont understand...
Go out last night?
A Gyros will make it all better!
See u at 11!
yikes lol yeah
yeah, I was relieve stan of those extra tickets he had .
.
.
.
but oh well.
On 34th street waiting for babies to doctorp.
Happy new year!
Think I just doctoroled!
Always wondered why they were yellow...
they weren't lemon, right?
How to avoid empty heading markup with WordPress widgets w/o titles?
hack core?
rewrite registersidebar function?
Accessibility issue
I've been thinkin'..
if I did unto others as they do unto me, there are quite a few people who wouldn't like me much.
Last time was the before my freshman year.
Have to win the tournament and beat Hopkins.
Damn, the guards for the Knicks shot 7for28 combined yesterday
Anyone still out of power in LA?
Maybe it's time to do some shadow puppet theatre?
Hope everyone is ok!
It's over!!
i told you id always be picking you up when your down, so just turn around.
you'll have mine shortly:
That's fine, just thought I'd come visit.
Where u be tonight?
Anyone hear or do OR have done to them, any worthwhile pranks yesterday?
YEAH.
DONE.
Follow us and hear the latest in News, Entertainment and Sports!
So what is the differences between reply and retweet?
If you had one shot or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted, would you captainre it, or just let it slip?
Wanna be my big brother
I'm more of a DuckTales guy myself, but I'm willing to learn.
As for cereal, this could be love at first spoon.
A family of bunnies is watching me unload equipment.
Who would have thought it would be Matt Ryan making the mistakes, go Pack!
I'm new to twitter and its pretty fun so far
Thanks for coming by!
RIP Dick Clark.
Thank you for sharing the music.
3
I'm now a New York State liscened doctorver!
whooohoo!
:
Positively not!
after 9:30 pm tonight, i finally get to breathe!
no more midterms D
yep finally back home and it feels awesome to be here
Follow our friend Nashville, TN Trailer park mama's boy changing how you think  so you can change the world
you make up lies trying too be cool .
Thanking the man above for another day ...
I'm just gonna call you BadFlowbee
bored nothing too doo
: I dont care how many warnings I get, I am still going to eat raw cookie dough.every time, why is there even a warning?
You caught me.
If it can go wrong to tonight...
It will.
Don't tempt fate.
anxiously awaiting the verdict in the lululemon trial.
omg.
I love your Icon!
U keep getting prettier and prettier every day:
trust  worry
come on now!
my voice aint THAT deep!
is it????
guilty.
I missed out.
Put God first and you'll never be last.
Agreed.
It's also always been a question as to how and when Instagram was going to try and monetize the application.
A big thank you to Diane Goodman and everyone who came out last night to learn the ins, outs and inbetweens of putting together the...
The buying and selling of tax liens by investors really is fascinating.
I've got to believe it'll be reformed somehow this decade.
Oh gosh.
Got a bang trim.
Greetings from Spock.
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 10
What's the big deal with samesex marriage?
Anyone that's married knows the sex is always the same.
Robin Williams
Whoa!
When did suspend its bill pay service??
That sounds delicious and fun!
good afternoon
21Questions will you still love me when im at my weakest?
I'll do it randomly, if I even try to do it now I'll start cracking up hahaha
Come by at noon to our living room!
will perform on a original for !!
N Miami Ave  40 st
No one who cannot rejoice in the discovery of his own mistakes deserves to be called a scholar.
The sliver lining to people wanting to piss on your brand...at least they care enough to do so
Break a leg tonight!
describeyourvaginawithamovie Little mermaid
Never confuse motion with action.
Benjamin Franklin
nothing at home watching criminal minds
Good Night from me nd my sister :D
Steamed Dumplings and a movie.
Kinda nice
sure do.
Anytime work for you tomorrow?
Aight let me get to sleep for this workout early in the morning!!
so if is the Mecca of hot, intelligent, interesting, downtoearth women, is its male counterpart.
More rain  in Houston!!!
Wonderful!!
At least my garden gets water!!
And when we make love.....words can't explain!
Won a time machine on eBay.
Disappointed when I received a clock....
You know this!
Ballin' RT : always fun playing ball with the fellas.
you couldn't dangle if you threw rope out of a tree.
cherp
Happy 16th Birthday To Me : It Would Make My Day If or Retweeted This Or Followed3
Just added a new volume to my growing beer library: The Naked Pint, by Now on my cicerone syllabus.
Ah!
Thank you!
It makes me feel a bit awkward but it's kinda fun
sad winky faces really don't communicate anything ....
;
that I am!
And I might be comin to Lawrence for stop day eve...
the orioles have looked lost like they have no clue
Robert  Alex are too cute
It's nice to have a a whiskey mentor.
I've been mostly self taught, but trying to share my knowledge with friends and family.
Make a difference by....eating lunch!
Stand in line!
EAT!
TWEET!
COMPETE!
Friend us!
Clog sidewalks!
So yeah.
I'm probably going to hell now...
King Philip of Macedon appointed Aristotle as tutor of his son Alexander the Great.
Alexander then funded Aristotle's zoo and botanicals
Somebody's gonna get cuffed and stuffed....
Bed then meeting at work on my 1 day off..
Dear coworker: when 3 people try to change the subject about how your husband got hurt 3 years ago, it means no one cares!!
Prom tonight!
what.if.i.had.abs.
I'm good!
Living in Louisville right now just dancing as usual.
Spending time with the little man.
sub tweeter
U Should ; You guys would make an adorable couple!
I really dislike commercial right now, I am salivating and fiending some crab legs right now
Get into the groove
Starting March 1st, 90DayLaunch will cover tips, howto's and strategies for launching a product in 90 days using
That was quick!
So was that friendship fake?
You can give out my number but can't talk to me.
She was right about you.
Good Morning Beautiful People!
How's everyone?
Hi Jasmine !
:
Played against them...you're forgetting Kenny Taylor, Ivan McFarlin as well!!!!!
And by niche obviously we mean Noche.
At work while my entire family is off this week.
I think I might be the lucky one.
;
I wished up on a star, and you came true
hey Mort!
Houston doent count when the Coltsa don't have Payton.
Sorryfail.
Surely you can be bipartisan and Retweet America's First Fish?
Just cold chilling enjoy a piece of mind
I love the blog name Pulp Fixin'!
Blehhh.
Ya know?
Did i just miss the boom of the sonic barrier broken?
Chris bosh looks like an avatar.
He is so ugly
Still buyin alcohol for this party and idgaf.
Ciroc, goose, it's a top shelf doctornks kinda party
Get emmmm
let's sell doctorgs at church; a little reward for everyone on their way out of the confession booth.
Niobe Way's remarks on the loss of boys' close friendships as they become adolescents is heartbreaking
Wishing all of my winemaker friends great success with their harvests this year!
Looking forward to tasting 2010's
haha.
I can imagine.
Did you get doctornk when you heard Kyle's news?
I know I wanted a beer
Sources on the ground in Syria: Assad forces storm a mosque in Douma and arrest dozens earlier today.
Quote of the day....aw...you're a Cuddle Hitler....
they're unemployable right?
Or lazy?
Can we start a trend for that.
bitches throw salt on ya name for some attention wen you at the top
Today we passed an old washing machine on the sidewalk.
Somehow, Robot got it's phone number.
What a weirdo!
this is true.
Welcome to America!
As you see there are many, many ways to record hip hop music
We are having so much fun planting with you this morning!
Ha!
You were sitting directly behind my father.
That's his head on the right blocking your shot.
A second place always got a whole lot to prove.
Twitter and ItsArtNotStuff meet...you can twitter directly from ItsArtNotStuff admin...LuvArt...
So what your SuperBowl predictions?
Isha SF, a student group of empowered young Jewish women had their 2nd meeting  SF Hillel yesterday.
Great to see.
Damn i miss the 90's
window payne
: then who would make the truffle tots, blue lump crab cakes  honey ginger glazed salmon?
dunno but they be free
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done?
Double duty at this wk.
Spinnin 2morrow w/ for MardiGras  Saturday.
Gonna be an epic wk!
Thanks so much!
Good weekend to you.
RT
Good night.
Poor Mark 
Happy 19th Birthday :D !
HAHAHAHAHA!
i think it's about to come on!
that part makes me want to piss my pants!
hahaha!
...the man fitted his job like a man who fits jobs really well.
Nice.
we're using it for a few internal things and some stuff we have in the pipeline.
thanks for all your help yesterday with NYFamilyDay!
You're a total rockstar...
Can you share the MG photos in a link?
: RT Chinese/Norwich kicker Long Dick has a tryout with the Jaguars.
fridayreads Norman Cantor The Civilization of the Middle Ages
Discussing the abuse of classical inheritance on twitter is like asking to be trolled.
People get emotional and off topic fast.
you will never find Jesus missing an opportunity to do good.
Love and Blessings to you!!!!
Your Sister in Christ, Camay
good night sleep well
I guess The Pantagraph was slightly off in its reporting of the new Illinois State coach.
oh for sure!
R u playing anywhere anytime soon?
I just hurt my foot playing soccer with two lil girlswith a lil basketball it hurts and i feel foolish!
lol 0.o
Ibaka is on fire!!!!
some mexican shit.or liquor
hey can u follow / shoutout my friend she seriously needs it and i be helpin too : thx
Seriously, could be cool.
But truth is publishers need output to all formats.
Will MSFT do KF8?
not till 2 days from 2day : but I am leaving my aunt 2 go site seeing ;
RT Such a happy man thanks to the Kindle Mac App, just got Kant, Aquinas, Augustine and Locke for naff all.
Thanks for the S/O!
Bank of America is now allowing replacement Buyers on Short Sale Approvals
it's beautiful out!
wearing like 3 too many layer today...
Consider the things which dominate your heart today.
What focuses your will and invites God in?
What pushes God to the side?
105 degrees.
For the rest of our sale 10.5 more off.
A total of 60.5 off all our sale items!!
2727 Exposition or 4301 William Cannon.
Hahahahaha oh my gosh I remember that!
Dude gualdkdjwllakssk I'm so excited for summer you don't even know.
I had problems with Carbonite in the past and switched to backblaze a year ago.
Had a crash, no problem restoring
Booked a lead in my first professorssional theatre production, doctoramsOfTheWasherKing...
Very excited!!!
:
I'm getting super like Mario.
Am I doing it fabulously?
Absolutely.
It's nice getting back into a warm car, our clients don't have that luxury.
Hero Laurie quote on outreach this a.m.
Romney crowd is annoying me.
Waiting for them to go all human microphone.
I'd love to see you in YOGA pants...damn
This new album's gonna be hot!
Get ready for that first single soon!
I mean, I suppose there were a lot of Basque folk growing wool in the Central Valley.
A lot of Noriega's, too, for that matter.
Already ready to go back to Georgia...
it's so amazing I enjoy it
Shelby doctorve me home from across jeffco cause i was too sad to walk .
.
.
I love her
call me tonight we'll get on it ASAP
: What color croakies should I get?
Famous Last Words
My cats were same way.
Now, they regard a still bowl of water as where the hell is my Evian, you cretin?
my bed is cover with scripts from several plays sides to an audition and several acting technique books.
Yep such is my life as an actor.
Yeah, but the one on the right looks way better!
And, I like Julia Roberts.
Noah and the whale 
LUNCH MONEY
I pray that I may await with complete faith for the next good thing in store for me.I pray that I may keep an expectant attitude toward life
We work not only to produce, but to give value to time.
The Broncos QB is back in town to receive a community service award at the annual Boy Scouts dinner.
What a Rose Bowl.
roll up
yikes!!
that is a serious
maybe next year you can bring to spring training as your personal coffee assistant!
sure oO ill dm u my  ;D
Putting the finishing touches on our 20112012 Edu Catalog.
Anything you're dying to see featured?
It's not too late to let us know.
Summer Side Show is this weekend, hope to see everybody out there 3
Was just reading a blog where they spelled Reese's peanut butter cups as Recess peanut butter cups.
Hahaha wut
Thanks for your help.
I'll stay close to a TV for the next round.
Lol
I swear, our locker room is hauted because the teacher always keeps it locked and rarely let anyone go in there.
Why does my arm hurt so bad
NYC OK Harris Works of Art, 383 W Broadway, Five Solo Exhibitions1/28, 5 to 7 pm
I will DJ tonight at wokcanoSanta Monica!
W.Wokcanorestaurant.com No cover,excellent Asian fusion food Til 2am,huge dancing patio.
I sent u an email :
I meant 2 say...2 sweet...but it all works
no fool u go to sleep
That was interesting, especially since it seems Secretary Stepp repeatedly refused to be interviewed for the story.
Depression is a motherfucker
Done with work for the year.
Whoo!
Here's to a great 2012 for all of us.
at the Starbucks in Hillsdale...
This place has changed quite a bit since I used to come here in high school..
doctoram of demons while you sleep that make you stutter when you speak
Who are you rootin for in the NBA Playoffs?
Why tf does everyone have pics of them saluteing now?
My bad.
Primantis
So cute!
xD RT : I'm an absolute sucker for a guy in Wayfarers.
Thanks, Chicago springtime, for enabling this.
Great to see doing great things at Challengers Boys and Girls Club here in LA today.
Class act.
What a large group tonight, glad to see new faces!
waves
cardcont was fun.
Hearing views on the archivesaccreditn doc and being obstreperous about moreq2010 :
walks in house, strips off clothes.
how have u been
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office.
He always makes me smile.
Can't believe I just oovooed the champ !
Tiffany Colannino WG Archivist just presented a WG program at the Carver Middle School in Tulsa, OK.
Public programs presented all week!
Streets are peaceful yet the freeway is a mess?
Keep calm and praise Chris Trondsen.
loll well first shes an amazing singer!
she opened for cody on november 19th 2011.
and its for a contest : !
Free promotion for followers.
Hundoctords can be got fast.
Try it out.
do you follow4follow?
let's trade.
: 3 u
Literally been telling you this for months bruh!
RT : I need to cut my nails lol wtf

thanks for addiing us to your list  /thankyoufortherts
so excited
tweet like its out of style you probably got like 3,000
Hoes these days..
UnConstitutional Ad Valorem Property Taxes
jack attack what time do you leave tomorrow I wanna say bye!!!
empathy soothes sting.
Thank you!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Chicken Wings tossed in your favorite BigBossSauce only 2.99lb
What  of questions can't be answered by Twitter?
Need longer answers.
Hello and thanks for following!
DYK?
doctor Mae Jemison 1st black female astronaut in NASA history is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha ..
on tour..

Thanks for following!
Def rolling Witch Doctor.
And I don't mean I want him to leave its just that he actually noticed me..
Celtics lost : but I'm not worried cuz OKC will kick laker butt.
Can't wait till April 1 I just know will win the ACM for New Artist if the year!
Coconut water..
its good for you!
:
There are some awesome surprises coming down the pipe for Beercon!
the most lovable, mellow cat ever in life.
: 83 with 3,3 putt bogeys in a cold, windy round today!
u got that right.
Good round bro, time for vodka rocks
no worries sir!
I'm gone too to get some food at Denny's, haha.
Dinner tomorrow would be awesome!
I'm in
...don't not include a testimonial that says the finance manager wrangled us into an extended warranty to lower our apr
we should try positiveApril and see how it goes
leave him alone , trust me...
I know.
I am very disappointed
Thanks!!
Yes, snow in LA and all....
:thank you everyone for the mentions convos !
Have a great weekend!
Yo gives up 2 walks then a base hit.
Mets lead 10 in the 1st.
Distribution/Sales Agent deal finalized with CAMELOT DISTRIBUTION GROUP.
They're extremely excited about PRIVACY!
lol i want an iphone so badd but ina just wait till the iphone 5 comes out next year
If only there was a credit check equivalent to internet account passwords for a clean and uniform update.
Off to layn to teach a cooking class for the kids.
Should be a blast
my thoughts exactly wtf
Thanks so much guys!!!!
we really hope you dig it :
about time you get your clan together, i was thinking blops2 was going to come out before we started any clan ops haha
If this is a blessing, it is certainly very well disguised.
Winston Churchill.
BLESSINGS FOR A GREAT TUESDAY, FRIENDS!!
Ron Artest Is A Bitch..
pretty good.
working and keep one eye on the weekend :
ccarmich52: Hosted an SLA chapter mtg.
today.
An overview of what I learned at SLA2009  too much to talk about in just an hour.
Rent a Segway and take a tour if you haven't
were you at EPIP?
I got here Sat so I really did just miss you!
Nicki:big words were said.
Like, she doesn't like usually like use them.
Radio's playing that forgotten song?
I saw it, and I LOVED it!!!!!
Congrats...as usual....to Rattlestick!
I honestly don't think the people from platos closet know there heads from their ass.
Is kidding with the online wifi form?
Too long, no input types, giant pain.
meow purr
O, tomorrow a new episode of Wisconsaholic comes out!
If you love the Pack or the Seahawks, you're obligated to watch.
I was just at the theatre this past saturday.
Love going but would be better with a partner.
Very excited about Lilly 2012.
Anyone else?
lmao you silly okay we definitely ready nd don't stand us up love you!
Thanks.
I'll give it a look.
this is my 953rd tweet and I have no idea what the first 952 tweets were about ???
superior for highly technical users onlyand only in your opinion, which seems to value  over aesthetics and efficiency.
awe baby don't be like that.
We r just joking around.
You are my entire world.
I'd take a bullet for you and our kids any day
addicted to angry birds.
If I met mau I would not care because I already know him..
Yay for sitting outside during school!
Too bad im the only sophomore who is in this class...
This weekend was way too short.
Don't want it to end.
it will never happen again.
That's all
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE !
:
I found you!
you ready to throw elbows yet
can u email me those lectures please!!!
Sorry!!
see you guys tomorrow?
Yup..its cold.gotta get where I belong.
Been grinding all day ...
all I want but still don't have is a reply from my favorite rapper of all time
Triple match point
Ants on my phone
Day just went downhill.
I'm going to be broke for the rest of my life.
well I work 112 today...but text me!
9548579388
Oh no.
Sorry to hear that.
I hope my Mac air doesn't blow out.
Savant Capital Management and The Monitor Group combine
Random Yankee Scare: this years Yankee DH last year bat .240 last year.
thanks for the follow Caitie.
Hope all is going well with your new internship!
They should do a Mumbai version.
Convey much better...no right foot..but better.
haha am i ready for it yeah and uh yes the director is a demon lady : you knew that though
Needed: some freakin chickens for the farm.
Any leads anyone?
Boy don't try to front, I know just what you are...
womanizer.
I'm so bored
Cups of the Rozay, nggaz in my old phone...
I should call one n go home
We love '
Lebron  Wade got the same teeth lol
would you consider doing an article about myself, my book The Vallie,and my work within the community.
I live here in KC
had long talks with the bosses about it.
I hope things will improve...
Students got angry they had to do work the day before PSSA'S, let them work on LOL charts.
Overheard at end.
We should do this all the time.
Kick the ho's out , let the money stay
awesome!
I'm up for some of this if you guys are
RT for chance to win  tickets today!
Contest rules coming up soon!
Looking on this 7th graders twitter and all they are doing is reposting stupid quotes from those quote accounts.
What he said!
: If you don't vote you're a dick.
the things puberty can do to a person.
haha
poker night soon?
haha, yes they did!
Think the closest one to me is down in Tukwila.
Sad.
Voting via USPS feels too much like paying a bill.
:
I'm super happy but I'm not looking Foward to the Stretch marks lol

Thank you Junior Achievement for your textbook donations to adults in prison taking Entrepreneurship 101.
HER: LET ME RIDE ...
ME: LAY BACC  SAYS ROLLA COAST
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
haha sounds like my school books back in high school heck even now lol.
teachers always have to give us boring things
Field trip tomorrow!
gonna go sleep early!
which is 10..
Thich Nhat Hanh: Listen to your sufferingIt is a source power.
this is where I come in and get u off
If I could only find the words.
Friday is thriftstore day.
Love
youknowuwrong if you're within 24 inches of my face with your breath smelling like baked baby diapers
Giving up the snooze button for lent.
: Leo's are extremely understanding and respect honesty.
Reagan was a big spender on govt programs, flouted austerity.
Today GOP favors jobkillingausterity measures, slowing recovery
It's always pretty cool.
That's why you should move back!...please.
You're right.
That's not a very good tag line for Prairie Dog Day is it?
Bday Will Shakespeare!
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
Thanks!
We're going to be adding stuff constantly so it will only get better!!
Be sure to tell all your friends in Tennessee.
Maybe they classify themselves as geeks?
What to do, what to do.
Maybe the NHL 13 cover will be Giroux holding a golf club?
There are glimpses of heaven to us in every act, or thought, or word, that raises us above ourselves.....Arthur P.
Stanley
Day is finally comin' to an end .
.
geez .
thanks Karen.
: I loved the video by the way.
Just saw a local bike rider undoubtedly wearing homemade gloves created from two socks with a hole for the thumbs.
happy birthday Taylor : 13
.
Could you add an option in the settings to display the version number in the top left like it used to?
Young Gotham We On
if your age is on the clock, your too young for the cock...
wow thanks!
Scary Or Die was fun to do...especially the guts ;D You made my day  bless you
Newsies is on TV.
For whatever reason, this makes me think of
So I was helping out with some window washing....and then it started raining : Ain't that some sht!
LOL
Wish you all a Happy Holidays from all of us at Reshape the Nation!
Tell us how you are spending your holiday weekend.
Must say I'm liking 's fashion sense on AGT tonight.
team celtics chris you tripping!!
Never get jealous when u see ur Ex with someone else cuz we were told to give are used toys to the less fortune!!
I think it means you need sleep!
Dell's talking about their new robust listening infrastructure that has transformed social media capabilities.
Here at ShineYourDivine we follow the Golden Rule, Followus and we Followback :
Both  recommend TweetLogix.
I may need to stop being a penny pincher  purchase it.
You know you really like someone if you can smell their perfume/cologne when they arent even in the room.
I pick up remainders everywhere I find them, just to have copies on hand for distribution.
Didn't hear about D'vision?
Top models work with this agency.
Did you know?
Hawaii had its best tourism month ever in December.
What are you waiting for?
We've got special packages and warm Aloha!
Planning to make a trip up to Lubbock to see the rest of the fam  if you don't goto CC call me!
Need help marketing your club?
not sure if they realized you were foreign but Americans are often overly polite to visitors, regardless of race
Retweet that iTunes link!!
I'm hungary.
U prob get asked all the time but r u watching BB13?
I would pay to be in the room w u and Ragan watching Brenchel..haha
Think like a Man  Act like an asshole
Scary movies is what my night will consist of on
i want to play!
this sounds fun.
:
blah blah blah blah blah
I love Spain!
I can't wait to go back!
Have fun!
:
lmfao , tell why i feel like ive been in a coma all day 
Hi John, can you DM us your email addoctorss?
getting back into the swing of things...rock and roll
U know ya got senioritis really bad when you've already skipped class 3 times this semester  hit the gym instead!
As of now
2 min away!
Gotta be patience to recognize true potential towards your future!
What a awesome experience be able to sit on the panel with such great leaders Sen Chris Smith  Commissioner Bates Thx Lauderhill great job!
Exactly 1 week until Family Day at Hartwood Acres.
Bring the kids and join in the fun and while you're there, get an airbrush tattoo!
Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they've been given than to explore the powe
Getting ready to play the Daily 1 on tilt.
Can't wait!
You never dissapoint...
whats good twitter!!!
Listening to Crash into Me is not a good idea when you are hurtling down a highway at 80 mph.
Worse idea  simultaneously tweeting this.
GO GIANTS ALL THE WAY BORICUA!!!
I missed the snow!
Darn!
Yeah I feel like that PG news kind of went under the radar...I have always seen them as spending stalwarts.
If you want IT  GO GET IT.
You might not can take a huge step but a small step by faith will get God's attention.
Coach Leslie
Practicing with the band for our four hour set at Tootsies on Sundayy!!
Last shot, this is the last shot
Besides handing out candy, spending my day prepping for next job interview!
This one'll be an allday event.
At least no presentation!
then mumble off:
I HATE my body I'm soo fat ah I wish u could eat and never get fat!!!!W2 yooo :/
I know we aint got no strings attached but we could be the perfect match!
It's funny, you think your best friend would not hide anything from her other half or not tell her something.
Nope.
Awesome chicken burrito bowl
Cotto keeping it close, but Mayweather keeps edging out rounds with quality punches.
Floyd takes 9.
63 Mayweather.
When boys cuddle with you and hold you in their arms Cheergirl333
and I can't BELIEVE that it happened...grateful blessed appreciated: doctoramBig muchlove:
I am loving this conversation.
Couldn't agree more.
Can't Spell Healthcare without THC.
Where is Tony Muser with his Tequilla when you need him?
ok I'll call soon as I'm done the shoot.
Welcome to the French embassy's QA session!
Feel free to ask any questions you might have
Just so you know, can't live a life without commitments.
No matter how hard you try.
Anyone wanna see Once tonight?
I'm selling it In solidarity against Tuesday 8pm curtain
oops...
meant to write Prescriptions...
I do know how to spell that word...
check it out.
This is a fabulous site!
RT : Authors!!!
Do not sign with Nova Cultural publishing out of Brazil.
You may never get your money!
Please retweet!
highly unorthodox, but I had a great time all the same!
thanks for hanging out
I appreciate it, man.
We should collaborate sometime.
im off to bed gn gb
Great meeting you too !!
Hope your workshop goes well!
yes!
Get me a band!
yay Victoria Walsh followed meh, !
That made my whole day.
;D
you goin for the pacers?
bo lol
Its Valentines Day and in case you havent noticed, weve got a pretty good looking crowd.
Come in for some Tuesday
Nothing is fast about weight loss.
It takes dedicated exercise  nutritious diet.
Levaquin Approved For Treating Plague, USA  Medical News Today CTV.ca Levaquin Approved For Treating Plague, USA Medical News Today Leva
sounds good man.
realtalk don't need to come at me to get my attention.
Theres enough jerks In the community already
We will either find a way, or make one!
Hannibal
Great game!
Just finished recording the new video!
Time to put on the finishing touches.
Posting later tonight if all goes right.
so late but thanks for FF love :
you rocked!
with a glazed look in my eyes Gotta run now, Pet.
Do be safe, will you?
Thanks to our Customers, we are taking Greenwood, one bite at a time...come try a Hill City Hot...
the record is eating 9 straight...
i wonder wht the fuk happen that fast .............
luv ya
Survived my 1st Super Saturday as a field director.
Congratulations to the entire field staff for a job well done.
but look at the excellent discussion you and I just had about it!
Hello Running, I'm sorry for treating you so badly.
Can you forgive me?
Sweet!
Thanks!!!
Im playing NYC APril 22nd at the Living Room.
hahaha I cried like 5 times in that document!
Haha
Gonna have a long ass day tmister
that's what I'm talkin' bout!!!
You're the lowest type
MAY PEACE FIND THOSE WHO ARE HURTING IN REMEMBERANCE OF THE PAIN CAUSED...
Ew.
When you're mom said he looks like Randy I knew he wasn't cute.
Hahaha
welcome to the and the best D in the NFL.
leafy greens resurrected!!
We are getting pumped for the getdiscovered event tonight.
Tminus 4 hours.
cc: 
Other panelists emphasize acting the song, passion, authenticity, fire in the belly, resilience, bravery.
FOOL ME ONCE SHAME ON U FOOL ME TWICE SHAME ON ME
Any word yet??
This Patriots doctorft class could seriously rival the 95' Pats as the best Patriots doctorft ever.
Should you get to know the people or business that follow you on twitter .
or should you this follow them without cause
why don't I remember that?
Whatever it is, I'm against it!
No matter what it is or who commenced it, I'm against it!
New post: Have a great night
How about someone to strikeout at least 14 in no more than six innings?
show us yo' boobs and then we'll talk.
Seniors last day:
Awesome can't wait to see you at our party.
Also hop on the FluentBus tonight for free doctornks and rides!
Funny shit written a wall circa 10,000 B.C.
RT : We must let our childoctorn fall down...it is the only way they learn to get back up.
The more capital letters you use in an email, the longer it will take me to respond.
ReplaceEminemSongsWithFart big fart
90 of Internet users in chile use Facebook, along with 89 in Argentina Peru and Venezuela
This project made me realize how perfect Colombian girls are.
Holy shit 
tell your dad happy bday from aunt eliz on twitter: and I totally agree with you fairy tales put the wrong sex as hero:
TIP: A tell is one of the most important aspects of live poker.
It is a certain way of acting/moving that gives information about a hand.
hey!
wondered where youve been!

Business Minded.
thank you for thee shout out !
:
The best thing about your Fridays is Austream.
wish I could be there tonight...
Home w my kids.
Get Up Stand Up...don't give up the fight...
Spike Lee is the black Craig Sager
This camera guy sucks
Over 100 subscribers to our Closed Beta so far!
Interested?
Like our page on Facebook  get access today!
thanks for the tweets about our AmericanU commencement speakers
Happy birthday to me!!!
: just wish i wasn't sick with cramps :/
my sister has that!
I think that's the best option for you of you only want to read.
I'm not mad that its raining, but I sure don't wanna be out here in it.
That was insane!
How quick was that?
Falling asleep sitting up is not comfortable.
C'mon Buckeyes.
Really?
yeah, i usually use this, but most of the music on there is so ...
cheesy haha thank you, though!
Everyone get happybirthdayjohn trending :
There are a lot of media people that should NOT be on TV but isn't one of them.
Great job filling in on
Cabin In The Woods, craziest movie I've seen this year..
WellingMotivation An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Keep on truckin'.
You're beautiful.
Haha, love you four.
I love you
After seeing the Kate Upton / MLB2K commercial, a thought came to mind: Does Phillip Humber get to meet Kate Upton now?
When guys start getting their nails done.
It's gone to far
don't agree.
When u publicly say u meant to hit someone it's wrong.
Maybe 20 years ago that was 'fine' but now, no way.
totally agree
I just watched on and I give it a H for Holly: Great chemistry between her and misterRubbish.
via
Thank you for posting the article  how many of the Saisons have you tried?
How does that dog match that guy?
Omg the line to just get into the Lego store is huge.
This is like an Apple event, but for kids.
I'm in meeting until 2:30 p.m.
but I have a paper to do need to work.
a 24 year old millionaire ; bet THAT .
yes u do lol
I'm my doctors oldest patient by 8 years...
But I get to watch Disney channel in the waiting room.
This weather makes me wanna play basketball or day doctornk or just be outside in general
Done doing deeds for the day, it's officially that time to pour up!
We'll miss you this week!
Note to self from San Francisco: napkins  trees.
Do I seem depressed?
presidentialDebate Josefina Vazquez Mota on monopolies if we open the markets women, the young and men will have better opportunities
It is!
I celebrated before leaving for work this morning ;
Watching Human Target and wondering if it is mandatory for Chi McBride to play a no nonsense, gruff police chief in everything he does?!
I put the right one back in, the left side is still doctoring out...
first e20 beer is on me!
Youll realize what you had till its gone.
but if the other doesnt even care as much as you did you realize just who cared more
They think im just to white and nerdy .....
How many cops does it take to change a lightbulb?
None, they just beat the room for being black.
depends on the album.
They changed their sound a bit.
Surprise!
You're being monitored...
leads to strong reactions from MPs, and virtuous cycle
it can never b easy
Is Dana's husband in jail or something?
Lol
No shit!
I haven't received anything.
I'm running out of time!!!
What did the penis say to the condom?
Cover me I'm going in.
Once again you all amaze me with your effort.
Keep it up, misterLa Puente is the MAN!
musicright pplconnection
People always have something to say, even when the situation doesnt affect them at all, and they don't know the full story.
You're retarded.
Dear random waiters at a restaurant where I did not eat,
I think this one glass of wine is enough for me.
Lmao!
Words cannot describe how unmotivated I am to write this paper right now
They were delicious!
:
Bitch im from Dallas !
But i love Houston !
gold figure !
Too often focus of pedagogy discussions is on teachers as martyrs.
Not enough proactive studentcentered pedagogy cf.
Put them on BLAST!
Hahaha!
But im gonna have to deal with it!
Had my daily dose of Waylon and Willie I am good now: need some zeppelin then I will be truly biscuit!!!!
They were indeed.
Revival...?
Join me for my radio show TODAY at 10pm est at Djreyboricua No se lo pierdan !!!
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!
You're even MORE AWESOME for your loyal support to our boy !!!!
I always BELIEVED!!!
So happy!!!
We're very thrilled to be hosting the show!
Thanks for the shout out!
Do you have any news updates you want to discuss on Fridays's show?
Let us know!
Mention us  include
You can't undo what you did in the past.
But you can start a new future.
Have faith, be confident, and step forward.
.
and I just bought our domain name for our upcoming branding launch!
Stay tuned for all the real sassy sauce!
no under asics brand
ooc; for the fucking, doll face.
;D don't you remember?
I will for sure.
Thnx again..
From now on, online chatting customer service will extend our work day.
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
Through presumption comes nothing but strife, but with those who receive counsel is wisdom.
T.G.I.F.!
We have the best fans in towncheck 'em out this FollowFriday!
You are correct sir!!
I know I know!!
I'm glad both of my brothers cars were 3x as much as mine
Off to the game!
Couldn't be happier w/ my decision to get tickets 4 my mother's birthday present.
Let's go Boston Bruins!
You didn't want to seat too, did you?
One of my favorite lines from Borat...
And you're as pretty as the last time I saw you.
:
Can we buy you lunch?!
RT : Just gave my month's lunch money to Hypothes.is, new nonprofessort taking peer review to the Internet
Just about every day, I twist my brain to come up with a creative way of avoiding either affect or effect.
Keeps me from looking the stupid.
I like that!
Lets FETZ!!
m/
That doesn't sound like fun!
I'm now completely terrified of what to expect in this upcoming rainy season.
No power  no ac
Hunger games supposed 2 b pg13.
do u think it should b pg13 or r?
Half the people know me as that silent kid who doesnt talk to anybody, the other half knows me as who i actually am shrugs
It's TONIGHT!
10pm at Jovita's!
GREAT fun!
Huge patio, great jazz music!
One of the best places in town to hang out.
See you at 10pm!...
outtah all the rappers in the world how many really gonna make it form the underground world ???
Monday.
So ready
Going to the beach today!!!
Funny moment: I sign copy of Play Like a Girl to a talented girl seems v.
happy, then whispers I want your other book too.
This Saturday June 18 plays Club Squared in State College, PA!
More info on www.facebook/diveband
I feel like an old lady xD
Lai  Rod Snoring .....
Is NOT the business!!
Lol .
Sure cute coworker, I'll play along.
We can go get a few doctornks have a long boring discussion.
Or we can fuck!
Whatever.
Classes are done!
Time for job searching and wedding planning!
Happy Mother's Day!
: doesnt effect me at all.
I was speaking to current political WaronWomen enviro or havnt u heard?
Can't hear on the phone
Lol just write in toy after it, and look the teller straight in the eye when you cash it, and wink when you leave :
happy 20th birthday to my favorite cripple and little, !
true!
You could try a short workout, yoga?
Lots of water  no sitting.
Moving seems to help, even if just fidgeting in chair!
Setting a goal of reading 3 books over the holidays.
Any suggestions?
ok you clearly see bronze behind rose not getting ducked on
My mom IMed me on fb, and told me i was a loser..
IKR!
i miss you soo much !!!i dont even remeber the last time we hung out,oh yeah at the pool how long ago was that?
Im loving all these FatherDaughter performances !!
yes I do ; I will never stop
Even though we've had to say goodbye keep me in mind
do you like patron?
Does anyone know if detroitstylepizza really originates from the motor city?
Why isn't there a record store that only sells Bjork music called New Bjork City?
In local news, our doctorught continues with a glimmer of hope of substantial rain this weekend.
New Costume Supergirl Costume for Women
Meant to ask you: I read you were going to Point Break Live, but I missed your response afterwards.
How was it?
: Waiting for a text/call you probably won't get 
Thinking about reading the Twilight series.
So many people have told me they couldn't put it down.
Vampires  werewolves hmm
Great businesses have a point of view, not just a product or service.
Count 'em one two three, you look so cute when you get that mad
And tonight, when I actually want to stay up, I am sleepy.
By the way was turnt up lastnight
hahaha right out of commission early......
Got the new twilight on DVD.
TwilightVow
it is a sad time indeed when i need to delete the games on my hard doctorve in order to make room for research photos.
RT I'm all the way on the other side of the house and I realized that my music is loud af!
Never underestimate the power, courage and love of a mother.
I love the 3 mothers in my life  My wife, My mom  my motherinlaw.
Love you!
Ohh Noo !!
I Forgot To Gove Jessica Her IPod Back !
D:
Happy onesecondold year
yes, and yes.
Interesting piece by in today on being adopted.
She's always been encouraging in our adoption of LM.
love you Lisa.
humanitiesPhDs provide counterculture branding your company
good thing the judge liked me...lol
You can follow all the Indy 500 practice action through IndyCar Mobile.
Call INDY to download it now on your Verizon phone.
Would the real NE Patriots please report to the 2011 season!
London is like New York....but British....
thanks mom that sums it up
Flipflopping and declaring war on marriage is what my husband and I do every night, NOT what Pres.
Obama did.
Free promotion site on my professorle.
get way more followers fast.
Hey lets' follow for follow?
whatdyasay?
Nice writing over at your blog!
Added you to my RSS and will spread the word
i was tryna get to u know who, to get my hair dyed but niqqa aint answer.
No..no..Don't call me maybe
whats your facebook page name
I literally got ready for school in 5 minutes so I could go to breakfast with my dad..
plz dont cancel Laredo, TX.
we lost our ONLY rock station  fear u might cancel
I hope my little baby is ok!
welcome to Twitter!!!
About time one of my friends joined!
The boys and I agree...experiencing the City from our bike instead of car allowed us to see L.A.
from a new perspective 
yes we are!!
HAHAHAHAHAHA.
Maybe you should run up a few hills?
lmao...I do...I have my pajamas on
: what the?!?!
Don't go if you're sick.
I will cover for you : Hope you feel better!
Big head
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Deruler Own The Night
Good morning Twitter.
Teens on Laptops!
Today at 3!
From team release: is stable  alert  undergoing tests and remains under observation at the U of A Birmingham hospital.
I've heard about that book!
I'm curious enough that I might read it anyway...
do you know the results of the pit crew competition?
What?
I never said, Bbbbbut I'm too pretty to go to prison!
That's what Tim Russell was for!
ALIVE tonight , great way to start your weekend.
We are fully booked for tonight.
For GuestList,
Otto, night moose!
I sure hope so.
I don't think people that stupid think straight though.
Bp tonight houuse all better be there..
Bring yo game face!
What's the big deal?
It's DLC, you don't have to buy it.
Weekend of micromanagement.
Lovely.
Oh the hysteria gmail is down!!!!!
had audition near Ivana Chubbuck's and it made me think of u since u always use her as an acting teacher example
S/O to my newest follower to follow her :
preparing for tonight's Evil Dead rehearsal...it's going to be fun :
Suzanne Ginsburg's 2012 book, Noike: A Memoir of Leon Ginsburg, tells her father's emotional Holocaust survival journey through WWII Poland
I think its pretty sweet that I made it in a bieber fan magazine .
Yeah I got hella pussy last night.never said the guy doctorving the prius.
If sex isn't a joke, what is?
yes sire :
What a waste!
That dog better be cute.
LMFAO your only plan in college is plan b
: MyPastRelationships don't affect my next relationships.
You can't carry the weight of your past into your future.
don't mess with me.
I feel like throw up and I can't fall asleep.
And it already sucks that we never see eachother.
/3
i think u should follow me back :
RT : Don't forget that we've got coming tomorrow for the first talk at 4pm in the Research Commons.
Yelled at,not feeling good, now work, bad combinations.hopefully i see her today
Time flies when you're a second class citizen!
'le obvious those swanky ass hoes!
thanks dude!
I should doctornk more at work.
Hiccup.
yep.
Text me when you think you will be there.
good morning
wow!
Do you have sort of tracker on it by chance?
Yes we finally got a real d tackel
ff shout out to one of my favorites
Phil Simms is pale!
Fox news call the president a skinny ghetto crackhead..
Kurt Vile's new release has been in heavy rotation for weeks.
Best release this year so far, hopefully that'll change May 3rd!
I have been apartment browsing like a pro the past two days.
Due High winds PGA Tour Humana is interrupted by PGA Officials due safety concerns, Bill Clinton is playing also in course at La Quinta CA
when your friends lie and tell your serets 
Thank you both so much for joining us!
i don't want my women to ever have to support me financially thats a mans job
Major League of Extraordinary Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
have you been to Wrigley?
That's fun.
hey Bryan, thanks!
I had not seen this!
What u tweeting bout?
This guy's really twisting the dagger.
DC: Our partners on Capitol hill are hot after Congresswoman Walters, Scandal, corruption, and yes racism headed her way.
hmm, good question, it looks like red clay, but we don't really have that around here as much as they do in, say, Georgia
then you are doing a great job!
Hate turns into respect.
A friend for a parent gets walked all over.
Hang in there!
is it wrong that I love rivermonsters?
Incessantly checking my Klout page until Influential in narcissism goes away.
Weezy killed tha awards, that's all I gotta say!!
Matt and Cassidy.
Prolly others.
whaaaa!
grabs entire tray and runs to a corner to play with them like dolls
Our Friday shout out goes to our newest Arizona followers:
RT : RT : The road to success is always under construction 
There's nothing a little Modest Mouse can't solve.
Save the date!
Booksigning with Grosvenor Square author Katherine Ann Meyer at the Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, Texas on Oct.
7!
Thanks to the Hundoctords of friends that came to our Rebirth Brass Band Grammy Victory Party 6 Ward
i luv my life guard pantssx
: Wishing you a great weekend :D hope your ok doing great babe!
You?
Happy birthday!
Proud of how you represent Mizzou!
Continued best wishes with rehab!
Long day at work!
Happy to be home with my hubby: Nighty Night!
I am running it!
It is my doctoram to joggle it one day.
:
Even though the basketball games aren't for several more hours, you should just leave work right now.
Don't even tell your boss.
Tata39;s Jaguar Land Rover to invest in UK plant: report
Very cool tune!
saw it on hawaiian airlines!
hey CD folks: is there a resource that lists hardcover bestsellers that are being released in PBK this summer?
So interesting!
Here, the black squirrels are actually a variant of the gray squirrel species.
Love squirrels!
Saturday is bsu bro !
Pavelec on back not moving.
wow.
People take this stuff to seriously!
This is just supposed to be fun!!
Tired ad
Happy Mothers Day!!!
RT : Some of the cutest boys, Can be the most irritating shits ever.
Let me know where I can contribute
lmao, idk if you last w the way I'm sounding.
Just spent a solid 3 hours on the roof.
Papa johns even handed us the pizza onto the roof
I like your 180 Heart for Valentine's Day!
Just because you put a pretty shirt over your muffin top does not make it a cupcake!
Listen all next week for special lounge tips at 9:35a, 12:35p, and 3:35p for a chance to win a pair of 3day passes.
State semis next weekend!
okay I'll try:
Is it possible to have PTSD from a dining experience?
and in the spirit of I went to Italy, ate beautiful food, and tried not to give a shit about my carb intake.
Had a great time in South Florida this weekend for a peacockthemed wedding!
Beautiful with colorful feathers around everywhere.
Just tap it in, jus tap it in
Lmao personal days off ?
What you think this is nigga  idont really want to :/
Good oral hygiene should be maintained with temporary dental crown.
Soft brush should be used for tooth brushing and floss should not be...
LETS GO GIANTS!
3
I know what you mean.
Same happens to me.
I can't help it.
I love the taste of coffee.
Sometimes you just gotta have it.
Hit some of dis sticky wit me .
hey pdx people.
i'm the singer for Bent Utensil.
Covers of songs by A Perfect Circle, done acousticly.
we wanna play a show.
venues?????????
Coughing kids in the stands.
First two parts of afternoon lecture done.
Time for part three  the magic!
Thank you!
Are you playing on the KENS team?
haha i know.
im going to be so bad
follow  cause they tweet a lot and 4 outta 5 are funny
my initial idea is techy stuff, both teaching and learning.
would love to learn/teach outside of tech too though!
sorry, from my pocket!
I know!
:/ I'm free all week except Thursday and I work Sunday.
So whatever works for you girly: Beach?
Friday or Saturday?
I've never been so anxious to get back to school.
The things this boy does to me...
I'm going to be out of town through Tuesday, but once I'm back, we'll coordinate and be there for booty kickin'!
ALL the pastels
Someone talk to me I'm bored haha.
An emergency!
bunny boo?
don't get run over out there, lol
omg im gonna die of madisons hotness lol
USA!
USA!
USA!
RT American Jason Hartmann finishes 4th in the
Large Pirate Beach Party Balls Great for Parties!
the beach toys
The weekend is almost here so come celebrate at Friday's!
5 Long Island Iced Teas included :
thanks for unfollowing;
My stomach going to be sexy come summer.
ok sure :
Chilling chilling, can't complain.
Thanks, mister Hoff!
The Puebla victory came to symbolize unity and pride for what seemed like a Mexican David defeating a French Goliath
That makes 2 of us!
RT : With my love for 80's movies and 60's  70's music, I'm pretty sure I'm living in the wrong decade.
again ur csr's r terrible.
Now im going to be late for work.
Thanks for nothing.
Colors are my life
: One last hint receptor sites .class over .I Complete You.
What the fuck
hahah!
ok, ok calm yo tits down :P hopefully she answers today  night or 2morrow in da morning crossing fingers
RT : Tigers hit....
Tigers win.
Imagine that.
one more out...if they tie it up...grrrr
SMH IM SO HAPPY I DONT TRUST NO BITCH ...
25 more school days left.
3 days until my birthday.
Summer is getting closer..
Awh, no problem!
Sorry we can't be more helpful this time around.
Working to make these features reality soon :
I just want some bomb top rite nw
it used to be the Flyers offense saving Bryz now they expect Bryz to save them
Ya, we like those people too!
RT : Happy FF!
Check out the awesome staff:
Thank you and for tickets next Tuesday!
Thanks for the retweet!
Wow I feel really loved no one even posts happy birthday on my Facebook page and today is my birthday ;'
Why is it, Rhode Island is neither a road, nor an Island?
In the future, everyone thinks, writes and talks like a tabloid headline writer.
Wen u cry real friends cry with u but fake friends just watch u!
...Thanks friend!
Are you prepared to be the very best you can be this lifetime?
We're counting on you.
nanc did good todayy, gotta say
your always invited but you were at work
If employees dont live the brand all the expensive branding voodoo in the world wont make it work.
He will be SO delighted!
my dad turned off my wifi so i got 3 bitches pregnant and pooped on his bed :
ShockingSportsNewsNetwork::Clemens retrial jury selection underway, controversy in BeantownSox, Kenyans win a Marathon, i forgot to pay....
I need a foot rub...whose turn is it?
lol laura u r so funny n call my cell when u geta chance;
Well What can i say when you take my breath away!?
I LOVE E.S
Yeoo I Swear Is So Cute /: JustSayin .
.
.
One of my favorite artist Jason misterz !!
RT if you like him..
uh oh I just saw a golf putter near one of our sales offices, what's next wireless ear mics  loafers?
The Ford Exploder
plzz follow me 
can't wait to see you in concert on Sunday 7/24!!!
Aaahhh I'm so psyched!!!
333 HAPPYBIRTHDAYSELENA!
umm I actually have a top 10...
But you made it :
Ok.
I think I can pencil you in at 7.
No one gets me, like me you when you kiss me..
thank you kelly x
Your life is the garden, your thoughts are the seeds.
If your life isn't awesome, you've been watering the weeds.
Doug Collins is 36 in playoff series.
His 3 series wins are when he coached the best 2guard to ever play.
MJ CHI can't lose to PHI
it looks fine bro
is there something in my settings?
12:50 p.m.: Rain has stopped and track doctoring has begun
Today Romney apologizes for actions he claims he couldn't remember yesterday.
o.O
Anger is a wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Robert G Ingersoll, American Political Leader
Mitt my mother's father was born in Wales.
I'll bet you 46,368.86 you can't guess how much I owe my Bookie.
It's gorgeous outside!
Who said happyhour on a Monday isn't okay?!
That's what i like to hear!
Thanks, Keep me posted!
haha well I can't argue with that!
Maybe you guys should just take a private jet here!
Lol
Too weak
She's the best 3

It is not the years in your life, but the life in your years that counts.
Adlai Stevenson
was just sung Happy Birthday by her department during a meeting!
A bit late.
And with only 20 roster spots, just not a lot of room to nab everyone I wanted, haha, trust me
is it twitdoctorid for the iPhone?
i meant outside of MD.
I'm in Texas  when people stop to talk to me when I'm wearing my O's gear they are starting to believe
To think is easy.
To act is difficult.
To act as one thinks is the most difficult.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goeth
I mainly can't handle when the dad tells Belle to go on without him
I got ya you down there for school ?
R.I.P.
Raph my nigga/brother for life....
The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness.
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Going to safely assume that my Latte and your friend are not one in the same!
kevin heart is so funny
Conservatives ruining twitter with hashtag games is sadder.
RT : Nothing sadder than a heartbroken little girl.
:
: being broke is not an option Realest tweet today
what did you do...lol
Wait...
a cyclone?!
Really?
hey what's that a pic of?
We may have gone too far on the topic of keeping personal info private w/ our 12 yo.
Her aunt called for our addoctorss  G checked w/ me first
Thanks for sharing!
RT : Be of good cheer.
Smile; it is contagious.
Put this into practice with others  see for yourself.
is whataburger like mcdonalds?
It sucks to eat this low quality food over here in Atl.ah.
If you're ever in need of a contractor to help you complete your home improvement tasks, We'd love to help!
sounds like a fun day baby
THERES A REASON FOR EASTER THE DAY JESUS WAS RESURRECTED SO DONT TAKE ANYTHING FOR GRANTED AND DONT EAT THE EASTER EGGS STARBOYSTUDIOS!
good man
Thanks for the follow!
like, on the 26th?
Calling all business owners.
I have great deals on selected Apple Products.
Inbox me for details.
Hurry offer ends soon...
Everyone follow !
I'm their new publicist!!
OMG IT WAS THE WORST MOVIE EVER DONE BY TimBurton  DarkShadows SUCKED THE BIG ONE
My brother just texted me a picture of Bailey's Chocolate Cheesecake.
lmao.
I will be there every day to doctorving my family to the poorhouse
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
13
Can't wait to see win his title tonight championship then its off to try my luck at
Each moment is real, each moment is all we have.
What awesome thing can I do with THIS moment?
SuperBowl is overrated, just like
you know, viagra, cause I'm an optimist
Apparently I like to yell holy shit in an old man's ears outside of blackbird.
Somebody Fumbled  PRS my nigg's hit me up..
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!125
just had a great luncheon with the B2B women of
Check out the Sunset Special and Chef Geoff's Happy Hour  Chef Geoff's in DC!
Ten minutes debating salvation with syllogisticallychallenged Jesusers waiting for the bus; conceded to blasphemy, but only on their terms
Still don't quite understand the move with Milano  , anyone can tweet out a wayne gretzky quote
TGIF!
Finally!
:D looking forward for this weekend
Today someone asked me if they could Twitter via our wifi.
I said  yes and Pinterest and Prezi and Foursquare.
Woohoo!
Did the aliens forget to remove your anal probe?
If sunbeams were weapons of war, we wd have had solar energy centuries ago.
G.Porter
pissed off i want my motherfucking money like im sitting here thinking u need to pay up 3000 nd counting 
Discussing various LMS models at Masie.
Many still have an LMS centric view of learning technology and want to layer SN on top of it.
yep, I thought the same thing.
At least it was thw most original out of the nominees.
Like I said, I enjoyed
Don't underestimate the Tenenbaums OST.
Lots of solid tunes on there.
Note To self.
Eat breakfast before going to get cavities filled.
No eating until this afternoon.
:
Who's tryin to match up?
You would look funny with crab legs...
WorstFeeling keeps trending.
Why do people want to tweet about their WORST feeling  not their BEST feeling?
It is SO GOOD to see Aaron Rodgers back in that green and gold uniform...now let's do some damage...GO PACK!!
dude, you haven't tweeted in over a week!!
WTF????
:P
There's no way your Rangers win if they can't get the same calls for strikes that Carpenter got.
I remember being young tryna hustle my dope.
Tryna tell them old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Right back at cha rt: hahaha!
love u girl!
It's Moms  maybe PTA Moms Tranqs are a GREAT idea  especially for the autism room.
Teachers pet!
i love you too
your friggin awesome!!
In 10 years NBA fans will be saying the same thing about full body tattoos on many NBA players today
MyBiggestFlaw getting myself over worked and saying this I don't mean
Whatchinn Friday After next
Multitasking and watching AFV as well.
So now its bad to be good at your job?
Go suck a lemon!
someone asked me if I worked at tilly's.
Best day ever.
RT : Cool new feature from : We asked baseball players which majorleague cities they most enjoy visiting...
So..
Does that matter bro :D
I really hope it works out this time.
3
SO happy you put that magazine in its place!
There is no room in this world for that shit!
Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
Tevez on.
Let's go Carlos!
is it bad if we have an inbounds play and i want to call a play i know?
it'll work...
lol
Adoctoran Gonzalez better not botche a throw from Youkilis, or Gisele will say My brotherinlaw can't throw the ball and catch it too
They have aquariums as the back stop behind home plate..
maybe you meant 9 :
You're welcome!
Thanks for having me!
I'll keep checking back to interact with the peeps.
you took the Lions???
Note to self: get tetanus shot updated ASAP.
Playing with sharp, pointy, old/rusty metal medical artifacts will get you into trouble soon.
Yeah since they forced the new look I haven't been happy with it.
I find it harder to read if that makes sense.
Chilling watching The Principal on DVD :
Pretty Ricky Grind With Me NEXT on Kiss 97.3 Kissing Between The Sheets
Wonder is you could add sugar and caramelize the relish
Haha aww!
Yeah she's a bitch to me and everyone else except my mom and my brother.
She's cute though!
Doesn't look mean at all
Just got my photo taken at the DMV I'm offically a Wisconsin resident.
JPMorgan's 2billion loss renews calls for tough financial rules  Los Angeles Times
tweet RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE VIP Table!
Chroma Fest begins tonight!
: Art show/open studios at our Central location hope to see you all there!
:
If there's one song that could get everyone going...it's what is singing tonight at
ATTENTION: IF YOU WANT A CHANCE TO GET JUSTIN BIEBER TI FOLLOW YOU PLEASE FO FOLLOW MY FRIEND
Not judging but I've seen too many ppl make poor priority choices lately.
It's starting to irk my nerves  effect me in a bad way
if u find one let me know lol
Upside of never unpacking from PB  I'm 95 packed for PR.
Second time this week that my laziness has paid off!
Ok.
I don't like peacocks that much.
Anymore.
For the record I mean if I JUST let him GIVE me head that wont make ME a cheater right?
Greetings to new followers  Hope you are having a great week
ok, I'll do it!
Actually emailed you last week.
I hope it works out.
Almost asleep until my brain started singing soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur...
I'd rather Chalmers have the ball than Stern.
Happy WW and many thanks for the mention!
when is the next post?
Sounds soo good!
RT Rolling out a new dish: Fried Headcheese with Whole Grain Sourghum, Arugula, Smoked Lemons, and Daikon.
Go to sleep, Eryn.
JUST GO.
TO.
SLEEP.
How cute, he left me for the whole day  he better make it up tonightt thooo 3 lol
I wanna get over you but I simply can't
yea it feels great doesnt it lol.
Went to ghetto ridge and it was crazy.
So now online shopping.
You have to be at school in like 4 hours...
no point.
/:
Notice a said bajayjay, because a bug could easily crawl up my butt or vagina 
Sketching out everything that I think I need to film in Philly this weekend is giving me a brain freeze.
Just reworked my web page, please take a look www.lesmahoney.com, and doctorp an email with comments thx!
Goodnight everyone!
blessed to be alive :
My intern calls me Ms.
Miller.
Hee hee.
Quick question for you this fine Wednesday evening.
Have you tried our Premium Margaritas?
If so, which one is your favorite?
Thank you for following!
can't wait to check out your swimwear!
Loving the idea of moodboards!
Good for biz.
But might be great for building own personal brand!
niggas say they hate chicks who smoke cigs but if amber rose busted it open with a newport in her hand you wouldn't say shit
I really like your interesting, varied, and helpful blogimprovement tweets.
Thanks for the follow.
The truth is incontrovertible, malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end; there it is.
Winston Churchill
I'm bored
No, baking cookies wont hide animal odors.
Buyers and agents know the same tricks of hiding smells.
yay!
thank you!
Imagination  creativity in rare form today...oh yea im lovin me.
RT:Love from Great promise for multilingual communities like Tucson.
You wanna be.....high for this
Shopping's therapeutic..
.faME
Follow the nightlife with
Haha.
So true.
And totally charming in person, too.
Haha I Know Right?
:
hastag raped by
Who wants to see Fiona Apple With me July 28th at the Fox?
Good luck to all the players doctorfted tonight, and keep your heads up to this that aren't!
NFL doctorft Time, who is your team taking!?!
Were spilling the secrets  BoBNow.
www.businessofbakingnow.com
S/O to the love of my life SoccerStar 
u know he lights up my world like nobody else : 3
The Joico/Shiseido sets are a 44 retail value  we're selling them for 20!
Plus these sets are supporting Joico's Beauty for Cure campaign
glad you enjoyed it!
It was a great two days.
Watching a teenager wearing an Obama Hope Tshirt moonwalking across the street.
LOL...
well if he is he better name his salon something else if he want my business!
Cohen: No epidemic has ever been resolved solely by paying attention to the affected individual.
I am a stronger woman because of his love.
i guess my question would be if you hate music that much, why spend money on it?
Battleship is going to make hundoctords and hundoctords of dollars.
Come get your dance on down in belltown tonight!
DJ Niros starts at 10 and is guaranteed to get ya booties movin
I'll be out there in June, we definitely have to see eachother this time.
I'll dm you my number
This morning the agenda's ripe, I'll be at my computer to type.
He does feel better.
I had the same surgery in 2003.
We compared notes.
:
was at the Newark Student protest outside of the Board of Ed and City Hall.
These students were passionate about their education.
just got blood doctorwn from me and I feel amazing.
:D
Thinking about Darryl and the kids
so a super boring day............grocery shopping and oil change for my nitro..love that thing!
hahahahaha the New York Times already covered, that, if memory serves.
Well what kind?
like rap?
or rock, or something else?
Excuse me sir, I'm with them a man to an officer loading a paddywagon with AfricanAmericans.
I told everybody nobody can stop austin rivers
Noticed that.
I still want the answer to your question.
Ha.
Thanks Jim!!
: Nice job doctorver  congrats to owner 
BO.
Good.
Just landed in Atlanta!
Tell me somthing i dont know...
Thanks for following!
Welcome to the Family.
Being in a relationship is a fulltime job, don't apply if you're not ready.
God.
peaches are good!
why cook them when they're so yummy all by themselves?
You got it!
Finna Go To Class Now
Now the big debate for when Bergy gets back...who sits?
Will it be paille?
peverly?
thats always a necessity!!!!
not much.
How r u?
RT if you love Hawaiian Poke Bowl and we will see you at the Downtown Farmers Market Friday at 9am1pm See you there!
Pretty darn American.
I just heard an ice cream truck.
In March.
In Cleveland.
Sign of the apocalypse?
Need help?
Video, web and graphics studio in search of clients who want more volume, email 727.560.6209...www.tvcinc.com
Next months SMBSD event will be on Social Commerce
No, but definitely keep me posted if you find out any details.
Great day at the Con...will be getting the footage up as soon as possible.
Trained longer??!!?!??!?
Isnt rayray a long enough train for u, damn, woman lol
Hey man.
I've had the same email for like seven years.
probably till Avengers 3 comes out.
yeah I guess...just sad /:
Craving Red Lobster....yum!
My soon to be wifey
Our friend Kevin just donated 25!!
With only 11 hours left!!
Kevin you are a true Chum Buddy!!
I almost killed my dog!
Thnk god he was okay, I was so scared my heart doctorpped!
Damn my mom wuld have been so mad if tht little fucker died.
Good evening my friend.
It's not cheesy at all, I feel the same way!
This article says the whole cast is staying, I really hope it's true!
What the fuck.
The Maine is in Boston.
thanks to you both!
now any advice for avoiding complete twitter addiction?
I'm starting to get the shakes...
Being here in Seattle for the BikeExpo had gotten us VERY excited for the awesome , our hometown show March 2425.
O is playing with Brussels sprouts; who needs toys when there are fresh veggies lying around?
and no work emails!
Being the only person in the group that has class can be annoying
thatJustHappened two BP writers friended me on facebook honor by 
LOL!!!
She's fun
Recycling electronics isn't always easy.
EcoATM helps collect used electronics, pays you and donates to causes.
Winning!...
No need two...
But been reading the reviews of maxpayne3 910s across the board this game will be up 4 game of the year...
Can't wait
I totally thought hot yoga was something completely different....
Scherezade Garcia wanted to create an abstract adaptation of body art the people of the Omo Valley make everyday.
Tonight: SINdustry night all in the biz employees FREE Sexy Sailor Party Seamen for everyone!!!
We are looking for awesome developers to join our team in dc.
Contact me for details.
3rd Prize Winner: Bon Vivant Gourmet in Hollywood, FL!!!!
THANKS BABE : RT : S/O my new follower
RT : Still offering 199.95 migrations  whether you've been shutdown or not, we can likely still save you....
Anyone know any good radio stations in Connecticut?
Take your pet to the Vet for regular dental health checkups
Sporting at the goal early
that would be adorable.
Looking to incorporate your business?
Whether you want a LLP, LLC, or INC, we can help!
Call today for a free consultation  619.338.9500
y wont u ever notice me :
I've played the game, so the ending is already spoiled for me.
I threw up in my mouth when I heard the logic of in explaining his greatness to on the
Good morning loves 3
Let's go teAmEliminateDaLakerZ!!
Ha
teamfollowback!
I'll follow you back.
PROUD SUPPORTER OF JESSE DALEY!
All my reading group who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a movie
hope the NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow.
I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch NHL.
Come on NBA.
Quit being greedy
Who can't wait any longer for the riley dance marathon
Audition time, third call back today!
Best Foreign Language Film is...
A SEPARATION!
YES!
no more Flan Diddly!
Are you delusional?
or Sick in the head?
Facebook deals and Facebook offers are different.
How exactly?
I'm not sure either yet.
you don't need it.
Where's Adam?
I'm sure he'll understand.
I'm sure I won't even know what it is after I ask my WordPress experts to explain it to me.
So, hey ...
cheers!
thanks for your kind tweets today, DO it  go into education and be awesome, we need more passionate teachers
Paging Synamon to the principle's office
I really hope I get to go to a Braves game this year.
Me and should take a trip down there.;
CHECK OUT HOT AFROCUBANRUMBASALSA CLASSES.
LEARN TO DANCE, HAVE FUN AND GET A GREAT CARDIO WORKOUT
According to RapLeaf I'm a single, childless, active political conservative with ties to El Cajon, CA.
Just saw a house with enter at your own risk, you will die written on the front of it.
Thanks Sue!
We're honored to be followed by you :.
Attn Women: High wasted clothing does NOT look as cute as you think it does.
It makes you look pregnant...
Slightly frump..
If we go right after the work day im in.
5ish happyhour time?
Lol
Going to watch debate via my twitter friends!
SongsThatCancelEachOtherOut Need You Bad  Bust Your Widows Jazmine Sullivan
Breaking News!
I'm on to something big.
Details to follow shortly.
This nigga rondo know he coulda went to the fuckin rack easily
what do I get for being your 800th follower.
PS say hi to Dibs for me
These rappers always say there's something in there cup and something in their mind lol
yeah, they need to start working out more
Movies have been my bff this week since I don't have cable anymore
On air tonite 69 90.7 FM WFUV pulled out.
At 9ish our house band this month live from The Living Room!
I could have let you doctorne on and on...
Gigs!
Fri  Omaha, NE at Barley St ...
Sat  Kansas City, MO  Sun  Des Moines, IA at the Gas Lamp w/ 21
Four followers from 300.
Looking for peeps into sports, paranormal, wrestling, politics, and making films.
I guess that would depend on the type of movie industry...
Lee Brice 'A Woman Like You' just got branded!
Check it out now
Looking for a career opportunity as a cosmetologist in a new salon studio in Tampa's HydePark?
Email for more info.
Just spoke with , former CEO of Southwest Airlines.
Already looking forward to his keynote at our Spring 12 CLO Symposium!
RT I think out train conductor is new.
They overshot one f the stations.
whoops  I thought doctorvers doctorve trains, not conductors.
Boo, parking ticket, hiss
Yu must be Blind, Yu must Dumb, Yu must be Trippin, Yu must be Crazy
If you find out, let me know.
I also miss Nirvana.
Wow!
The Kings are amazing to watch.
111 in these playoffs.
Not bad.
LOVE that band!!
Yes, Jordan in KC was very helpful.
Thanks for following up.
like the laws full of power yet delicate like a flower also so deviently sour.whats the metaphor about?sex or the life that has us devoured
TGIF!!!
I hope this work day goes quickly...I am looking forward to the weekend!
glad you could make it to the game.
As always you were great singing the Anthem.
Lets SHARE!
However, be prepared for when people taunt you with names like Uncle Ben's Rice and/or Sticky Rice
you are the world's most difficult person to get ahold of.
poopnugget.
leave me alone !
So glad I scraped myself off the couch to go watch KILL IT at
your creepy
I've been feeling like that recently!: I miss when Austin would make new covers  would do 2 ustreams on friday and NSD:
I'm Kelsey Evans!
Haha!
Love you too 3
Yesterday I dared to struggle.
I'm so Thankful for my Blessings.
You should win some sort of award!
Chillin talking shit with the Bros
fine thanks u?
Watching your niners today at your favorite sports bar?!
Don't forget to redeem your bartab doctornks!
I was thinking the same thing...
sometimes I am too lazy to stand and shower
I hate when I get into these stupid moods.
Gardner Campbell leading a great session right now.
Yup, he pretty much just did.
And just like that, homefield mean jack.
getting ready for another highschool open house
Thanks for the follow Sophie.
We hope you enjoy our startup concept and there are many things to come!
Never been to france.
You know we got 'em NEED NEW HEADPHONES!
Hey New Yorkers!
Tunein to FM on 9/18 at 7AM to hear an exclusive interview w/ ABirdoftheAir director Margaret Whitton!
I'm talking to you right now!
:D
i saw a dog get run over this morning : that stupid lady speeded up, i hope she gets what she deserves!!
Thank you friends!
I'm excited :
You also going to talk to the Colorado Coalition for the Homeless as well?
hahaha yeah, she looked disappointed!
YOLO 
I'm excited that Photoshop CS6's selling points are practical features and not ten more magical ways to remove awkward trees from my photos.
I can't help but laugh when they say He's got him in a rear naked choke during a UFC fight it sounds homo erotic.
Isaiah 1:17 ...Defend the cause of the fatherless...
Really hoping that tonight's episode of MadMen is a bit faster than the premiere.
Excited nonetheless!
WOO SEATTLE!
Overtime?
My heart can't handle this
Ugh ugh ugh uh
Pittsburgh's own vodka and the sheet is goo!
RT : 2 off Coupons on all bottles of Clique!
Stop in a store!
k I'm not lying though lol
Stop in today : 7575 Linda Vista RD SD CA 92111
The chick in love with Davie is hot on her facebook page.So tell me why do you guys gay bash so much on here
Seattle is waiting :
: Dearest Austin, Never stop being yourself.
Don't let fame change you.
:
All right thank you so much!
I owe you!
I'll doctorp by the theater after school.

Live, Love, Learn.
Leave a Legacy Stephen R.
Covey
Cram it in the boot.
be careful!
Heading your way tomorrow!
Yay!
RT Thanks for following!
Hope you enjoy the tweets about the Kenosha area!
Apps for kids at boing boing a useful review site for apps.
iPads in the library
Thinking fuck yeah when the train comes into the station without slowing down.
Hopefully i'll have updates on the book soon
We Bought A Penis
Gotta say, the AdBlock April Fools joke is pretty cattastic!
get on that walkie and make it happen today
Lmao I just fully redecorated my phone :
Havn't used tweeter in awhile
what do u want?
:
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on the essay, Mark.
Up lookin at my stocks!
Shit been goin strong lately!
I love wallstreet
I swear I alomst just cried when I whatched that!:' your so talented and cute!!
But I dont think you will ever notice me.....
Good Afternoon!!
How r u today??
That's my No.
2, and just barely, too.
I know, right?
I saw more when we were in Chicago last fall and she lives 10 minutes away from us!
glad your back, we love you!
...A man that believes in nothing will fall for anything!
fridayreads Trail of Crumbs by Kim Sunee  listening to Fragile Things by Neil  excellent writer  reader!
just saw you on TMZ :
yea!!!
Rep on rep on!!!!
Thanks!!!
Your gonna love it!
OK not real riots.
I just want glum liberals unlike 08.
That was a long tough night.
I think The RoboticButts would be a good band name.
Whats up twitter?
Spark one up!
Happy 420!
HFM!
Not busy fixing Super Bowl treats?
come to the free Sunday community class at South Mountain Yoga, 18 S.
Orange Av., S.
Orange, 45pm
hi my name is kari i happen to be at work and i would enjoy to make money today...please and thank you
you should go crash their prom!
I can't argue with that
So jazzed about seeing family and friends this weekend, celebrating Easter, and not to mention chowing down on delicious foods!
video was funny
procrastinating to the max verybad 
Doing Level Checks
I don't think it's a big Ideal if u love the person it shouldn't matter age is just a number.
You know that Seth Davis tweet was taken down right?
LOL, I've got plenty I could teach them!
How've you been?
Me  just made the best cake ever!
He wasn't much of a help though.
Posting a pik later.
Not in OZ but be sure to check out with the IMAGINARIUM team.
OOPS MY BAD.
:
Wedding's, gala's, picnic's, boxed lunch deliveries...We are your onestop shop!
Who do you know needs catering?
www.sazs.com
hahahaha i really can't oh well ima go back next week or sunday haha
Why do i even care.
That sounds fabulous.
I want a brandyfilled hip flask too!
, w dead Google Health, or doesn't think much of HealthVault prospects.
no one told me this.
I'm considering packing up the family and moving back but then I might bring them to you
Positive thoughts and prayers for everyone in Central Texas battling fires today.
Don't hate me cause I'm beautiful ; youaintbeautiful;
Denmark allowing patrons to simply check out iPads like books.
Do you mean because you're always joking?
Or is this a joke way over my head?
ha!
It's a K kinda day!
Thanks for the 's!
Have a great weekend!
lol yes I clean everything 
agreed it's getting better with every episode!
1st episode was ok, 2nd one was good, 3rd was even better.
Keep watching!
It's the first day of summer school!
I am happy to take a break and do all my summer projects.
Hm...
Was I talking about this before?
I'll be doing a workshop at Africa Travel Association's Congress at Vic Falls.
thelyinggame I'm all for Emma and Thayer now.
He's the only one who isn't consistently lying to her.
SOAR Can you put your promise back on the altar and trust God with it?
You can't tell your friends how to spend their money.
Unless you give them a gift card to Fashion Bug.
It's funny looking at the timestamps for discussions in my hybrid comp class: they're during class time.
Still, it is class business
haha that was a fun ass class!
was always making videos of us acting stupid.
U know?
6F really feels no colder than 0F :D
you know when Mcdonalds mess up on breakfast the whole world gotta hear about it.
Lol xoxo
last day of w/
So, do you just search for people mentioning Gliffy and yell at them about your product?
Is this even a real person?
The Grizz survives, forces game 7!
who r they
Sweetie don't worry you'll someday...
It could be closer than u think :
Since nearly all of my favorite players have been demoted/injured Swisher is my main source of happiness now.
thank you for walking me through news release 2 thank you for walking me through correction
Whats Up with Tiger Woods?
Why struggling w/consistency?
Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
Had a fabulous Sunday.
Church in the a.m.
Great food n company in the afternoon..Time to wind down and watch  RHONJ !!!
Many a golfer prefers a golf cart to a caddy because it cannot count, criticize or laugh.
Emcee Dwane Brown introducing keynote speaker Lisa Nichols.
Well then I can help you even more!
Youth take up challenge to popularise rabbit meat in Kisumu  Business Daily Africa
Banks to spend Billions to comply with 'reform'.
Think how many business loans could be made and how many jobs created with that money.
We was saying crazy shit 2day
My dad throws a slab of meat in my room and closes the door.
What kind do you like to make?
Baby momma won't let me see the kid, this that bullshit
Someone once said If life hands you Lemons, make Lemonade.
I'd like to find that person and savagely beat them.
Well, maybe rough them up.
Rarely?
I'm not even sure I or my closest colleagues have a clear sense...
the air around it is so polluted.
Dogs?Cats?
Furry Friends?
Be sure to check out for pets!
They have a great nutritionfocused pet supply store in Rio Rancho!
'DWTS' Melissa Gilbert on Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'There Are Very Few Bodily ...
Celebuzz
Boomerang  New Cartoon Network
When something happens that's new, it's easy to categorize it by its abandonment of the things that we know.
is finishing up her digital portfolio for the Public History presentations tomorrow!
Good!
Look forward to meeting you!
: When you start leaving all the partying behind is when you realize your growing up.
I cant trust you, no i hardly even know you
karma is a bitch tho
Had an awesome trial run last evening.
All set for Sunday
doctorgongate I can't wait until Johnny gargano defends his title again
Add a couple dancing girls  crossed 6guns to that, I'll consider it.
like a real little bit I tried to learn it but I just could never catch on to it.
Ted, you're a dimwit!
I MISS YOU SO MUCH3 I love you bestfriend!
After helping you make the playoffs last year and you have to hate...RT : I love all these Os fans now diggin themselves too!
Wrapping up the week with some great weather.
Have a great weekend, everyone!
ireallywant to go back to bed.
despite my flaws, i'm finally able to say that i love myself.
It's weird but i now believe it.
3
I'll b lot  symp 2 sacrifice talk when Pentagon, Chase, CEOs, 1 in gen start sacrificing!
FNM have Clifford Park booked.
Sea of red.
Suited up with long underwear for Roman's Tball practice.
Come on.
Tucking your bigotry in your bible doesn't make it any less wrong.
truer words were never spoken !
Industry night QueueBarLounge lasvegas 9pm5am come visit  win some money blackjack  video poker bar top
doctornk 2 irish car bomb
Jimi Hendoctorx all along the watch tower.
The who who are you.
Bob seger turn the page.
The cars magic
I am following you
Latenight doctorve.
Downtown Cincinnati looks so pretty right now.
Listening to webinar on active listening in social media.
I do agree with your statement on pride instead of selfdepreciating hatred
has anyone mentioned that you're a tease?
;
Thanks for your support.
that was special what you said ha
i think i'll put a call into walker's office myself.
something tell's me he'll fall for the is your refridgerator running?
prank too
that show was AMAZINGLY terrible!
I would watch it every day if i could.
But now apparently cant :
awww I love u too: 33333
Hoes going be hoes so u can't blame tammy
working  Crazy Girls off Sunset and La Brea.
Aw.....call him.
See if things have changed.
I was hoping for Sean  not lawn furniture 4 furniture boy!
I'm looking for some rockstar iphone ipad developers.
Any recommendations sxswi sxsw friends?
Oh also there were zero students besides Wagers at he conference.
Not surprising since they were quite condescending about young people.
You won't find faith or hope down a telescope, you won't find heart or soul in the stars.
If the bills doctorft you we will have the most swagged out wide recievers!
stevie j and floyd the kid
Great session today!
The history pulitzer goes to the late Manning Marable, whose Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention, is also a finalist in the bio.
category.
My FOOT.
Nope not going tomorrow.
i aint been on here in a minute
Downtown San Diego?
Why not come to Dobson's for lunch?
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunchmenu
bummed I'll miss ya!
Omw now!
Best piece of advice I've gotten in a while  don't get caught living in the monkeyhouse.
have you moved to Wisconsin?
trying to find the right person?
good to see you today!
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
Aw thanks Aj!!
Very tough if 50 from 3 RT : If Wisconsin has Ryan Evans making shots on a consistent basis then Badgers will be a tough out.
We will be in the Third Ward for lunch today.
See you today!
Daisy Got The Same Birthday As My Daddy  Little Sister .
Ted!
Good morning, superfriend!
It's true.
I also found a burned copy of the Ludo CD with your handwriting on it.
RD means ripoff and duplicate
Excited about the Oscars!
I think I know who and what the winners are:
FF awesome tool 4 talented actors that want 2B seen by Hollywood professorssionals Don't miss out register today it's still free
RT : Hello everyone!
Milwaukee was great.
Shoot my WI DOT commercial today and spoke at the PDPW.
Click it or Ticket!
Love the lil ones!
RT : I had a student ask me where the childoctorn's section was in our library today.
Our K5 library.
we're all agog waiting for the details to doctorp from your honeyed lips.
Bullshit Wenger you lost this by playing Rosicky in CM
How did the exam feel?
How brain dead are you now?
How many doctornks have you had since?
;
Life is uncertain.
Eat dessert first.
Ernestine Ulmer Our version: Life is uncertain.
doctornk wine whenever possible.
I AM SOBBING
Shopping, passport, more shopping, prom doctorss, tryout video, packing, bahamas, competition, school, work, cheer ..
Just picked up Loneliness as a Way of Life by Thomas Dumm.
This should be quite interesting.
If u argue with me u need to give me stats otherwise
congrats Jessica !
Finally off going to pick up my baby
I cant im at my dads house:
Very sad and shocked....RIP Mike Flanagan...
.
don't forget to mention power of hyperlocal display advertising in your Groupon chat ;
Got another angel looking over me, R.I.P.
Nonno love you
np Who You'd Be Today  Kenny Chesney
see you in one week!
It's our reunion!
daamn.
I was gon come support you at the relays this weekend!
But I gotchu next year :
oh really?
I just learned!!
Pancit making party with ??
ah!!
Suspenders?
Lol!
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
THANKS a bunch, Matera!
You ARE special!
:EEK got a 97 on one of my finals
Welcome home!
Enough evidence for me!
thank you for the reply!
Love your choice!
Thank YOU so much for coming!
Photos soon.
It was awesome to meet ya.
Graduate June 7th still got externship but came along way!
Im proud of my Got Damn self...
The devil try 2 knock me down but he FAILED!
Haha.
Stop it, you're making me blush!
Abq's 90.7 KLOVE is set up at Outpost Ice Arena on Tramway for free skate with the Lobos!
Now till 4!!
you forgot my email?
:
Spring Break is turning into wifesleeptilnoon week.
Way easier to wake up and get everyone off to school than entertaining them all morn.
Oh so you doctornk and you're in the 8th grade?.....
You are so cool.
Misses the spirit where the work stemmed from?
yo we just finalized the preproduction sample so they are gettin made currently.
Will def let everyone know when they are ready
ah you like austin???: if yu do please follow me!!: i love him to
Catch the DOOSH this Saturday, July 30th at 11 pm
If Biggie was tweeting last night he would have said Mo money, mo problems.
tearing eyes off.......potatoes.
Stars game with Sittin in a BOX!!!!!!
Do any of you have pictures that you can tweet from the event last night?!
:
I have a pic with your father, Calvin, from when I was a kid at a DUKE game at MSG, great man, raised a great son.
Time and a half makes this shift at work magical
Yesterday was the first SafeSexWednesdaySWAG if 2012:
I love reading tweets from people whose voices I know since I can hear them saying it.
I think this means I need to meet more Tweeps.
had a great time at Pete Miller's tonight.
Band sounded superb
Highered Current featuring Justin Dillard and Bobby Broom at Pete Miller's in Evanston!
Thanks for the seafood summer bash RT :
RT Favorite linked story collections: Gil AdamsonHelp Me Jacques Cousteau Good info from someone who reads short stories oftn.
Aloha 2012 is going to rock!

When you are in Love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.
Happy Birthday babe...we need to talk ASAP.
Thanks for following.
See you at one of your gigs
Damn, really?!
Do you think in years all little girls will be born with duck faces?
with who?
Just had the worst customer service experience EVER on continental airlines.13 hours in Newark airport, no hotel, no compensation.
Thank you Glyndebourne Opera, for bringing Hansel  Gretel to the net!
loved it!
After 7 I ain't tweetin no more...serious
RT : Charlie Gibson reports that when POTUS calls Axelrod, the ring tone is Signed, Sealed, Delivered
todays 's last MyWorldTour .
ever.
theres so much more to come but ill always remember that kid in the white jacket with ...
link didn't work :
CoreFusion Barre or Yoga tomorrow anyone??
See you there for a real good burn!
gotcore I meant CF cardio not yoga,lol!
Goodnight!
New bands and artists coming soon
I'm excited to hang out with  this weekend, we have some catching up to do!
Oh I see lol
...and for hosting!
And for the poem to cap it all off!
when are tryouts for the bullpen?
Blah Blah Blah Kurt Cobain
Latest release makes it even easier for agents, photographers  homeowners to collaborate on listing marketing
haters hate cuz they jeaolus of my swag bitchjez :P
I've been curious as I've heard mixed reviews.
how are you ?:
I sent you a direct message.
Let me know if you have any questions.
that's actually the correct way to abbreviate million.
One m is thousand.
Remember when government officials were expected to behave in a mature and professorssional manner?
doesn't, apparently.
Love your use of Pinterest.
I'm doing some research on educators' use of Pinterest  curious if you could recommend 45 others.
agents Have some new clients who are looking for casting agents, anyone seeing new clients?
I really wanna be on SNL sometime in the future.
Swimming Pool Maintenance uѕеd tо be a herculean task.
Call Danna Pools Inc.
for the best prices!
lol they are!
hey someone tell me what to doctorw okay
Boys on this train clowning each other trying to get laughs: oh high school
Left kids with husband and escaped to Pike Place Market
Quote: You can be free.
You can be black.
Look at me!
I'm the Heavyweight Champion!
Can't nobody stop me.
Muhammad Ali
Hooray beer!
100 ready for the NJDevils tonight.
Wearing all red and black :
Back in the AZ desert.
Last week I was running at 8000 ft elevation and 38 degrees.
This week 100 degrees plus!
ImMadBecause the page count gremlin keeps eating my pages and making me write more for my lawschool paper.
Thanks for the RTs!..
You are welcome.
Please visit www.listyourshop.com to sign up your store or call 4692027148  Zak
If a woman with no clothes  it does not mean that she trusts you.
If without the makeup  means.
Thank You for telling it like it is.
For just over 1mil right?
: RT : CIN/DEN/JAX/MIN/TB only teams in NFL that didn't take additional room in '12...
Alright, signing off of teenchoiceawards tweeting to watch Same Name on CBS, bitches.
Mike Tyson meets Mike Tyson.
Whaaa?
you got my credit card, so run it for the belt, or do you take only checks for this?
Privacy Policy?
Heads up starting tomorrow you can download 2.3 gingerbread for the evo manually or you can wait for the auto update on June 6th.
what I did I do now lml
I just went to the denist a few hours ago guess what no cavities but I need braces that sucks
did you do well then?
I remember my first time.
It was fun and a bit scary...
Yet again it's an Alaskan mountain LOL
The Agave Harvest
One person is dead after an apartment fire in Savage.
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS NOW.
Glorious sunshine how my pale skin has missed you this winter!!
70 degrees today
Joel hooked it up.
I'm in studio a.
Thx
no falls but looked like a dork : how's your Saturday night going?
ok it will be
I'm kind of hoping that Sham 69 reunion hits Chicago.
I'm also hoping it has nothing to do with Riot Fest.
waiting for  to get here before we start mad men.
if this isn't friendship, I don't know what is.
We are very excited to have had the opportunity to work on this amazing project for a great client.
Thank you for sharing it.

peyote  funny as hell.
And everyone was sober.
Chuck Brown  Cant Nobody Do Me Like Jesus
HEY GET INVOLVED YOU GUYS ROCK PEOPLESTRING!
Easter morning...
and I can't get a peep out of anyone.
Hoppy Easter!
is open today!!!
Come and try our lunch buffet 8.95 or Dinner buffet 11.95
High fives following pals!
Lawyers for Prosser and Kloppenburg just met privately to work out the plan.
For now everyone seems to agree.
The judge will take it up now.
Nothing happens until somebody sells something Without good marketing, very little will sell itself
Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want to restore the American doctoram!
CB!
The song is called Disengage it's on iTunes for shizzle!
Were you digging that one or what?
;D
spring break is almost here!!!
i wonder if six flags will be open?
belle's stayin' another night :D text me :
How are Peruvian bagels?
I thought so, all the girls screamed lol
Idk man nah not the same as last night.
I feel bad.
Nobody knows just what seeing those two together can do to her
haha right on bro, preciate it
Speaking of booksamillion...
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Bake sale and Bounce house at Walmart : OneAndOnly3
Sometime you gotta give them a reason to hate you
My first word of knowledge:
i love kobe man lol so deservedly cocky.
I keep getting targeted adds for Radical BMXers!
Wow if they only knew what a BMX snob I am....
I said a bang bang bangity bang
sounds like
That's so great to hear!
We look forward to welcoming you back!
haha sounds fun; and Jacksonville is amazing.
Im fucking loving it here!!
You, are the best!
Hey guys, we sent over a special delivery via email.
Let us know if you received it.

so what happened??
what up man!
How r u doing?
Hit me up.
Country night in Libertyville Sat 1/14 as SUBURBAN COWBOYS performs at Mickey Finns.
You could win tix to Chesney/McGraw!
Can't we just have Besler throw in those corner kicks?
Where would we be without ?
One day at a time work on your doctorams.
Think of a day as a step.
I'm going to miss Wizards of Waverly Place so much!
Thanks Wes!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 24
if I wasn't, like, falling asleep as we speak, I'd totally be there!
nevertoolateformimosas lol
So are the SPURS playing against the refs too?
dear14YrOldSelf weed is everything its cracked up to be
wats up with these custy ass niggas, that tried talkin to me last year, hittin me up tonight?
I just finished a 6.50 mi run with Nike GPS.
oh hey gurl...
Hey!
there is much argawarga in the waste...
Bored on the train, not even halfway there.
Feel free to send me entertaining texts.
I wanna say its Tom Hanks but then I'd just be paranoid
Cool, thanks for checking in; hope all is well!
a The Miami HEAT
no downtown
I'm buying an iPad today...
Need an eReader, I think this will suffice the best.
Hmm.
good call wasn't down
Whoa, that never happens.
At at the clinic Need 4 SHOTS!!
and I havent eatin yet soo..
I think im going to faint :
When I was 12 I was playing n64
If you think the Flyers are going to beat The Penguins.....Pass the CRACK PIPE!
BiG UP TO MOJOE'S and BABA HAPPY BiRTHDAY BRADDAH!SUCH A GOOD FEELiNG TO PLAY iN OUR HOMETOWN OF KANEOHE,Hi FOR THE FiRST TiME BLESS!!!
The Word defies its holder.
The Word is Anarchy and the Poet, its syndicate.
I'm finding it hard to focus on cataloging this last day of winter.
Blaming the SuperMoon.
follow
Well intentioned but often wrong: Ministries beware of forprofessort Social Media gurus advice...we play by different rules!
Smoke wed everyday :
How are you?
Who do I send the song to get submitted to you?
Whoa  Jessica Simpson finally gave birth to a baby, after gestating it for thirty months.
on the Amtrak to DC?
Just saw that myself.
done!
Then we are going to post that baby doing EVERYTHING!
Never ever ever fly American airlines.
Ever.
: world as cyborg habitat: emergent techs, shifting boundaries btwn living  nonliving, optional embodiments.
Happening now.
Trying to find TP in gelman is like trying to find a needle in a haystack
hi diane!
question is buttercup squash a winter squash?
yes or no on 21DSD ?
so jealous :
Shiz yeah Muthas!
Check out the new sledgehammer Dominion and that will make you cool!
thank you love33 make sure to tell some friends!
aww, a good morning wake up call 3
freaking congrats!!
Big groups of bicycle police in downtown Chicago.
Normal or practice for tomorrow / NATO?
There is strength in numbers!
So true!
Follow me??
good...Im just going to sleep
Updating our website so to add the subscription feature for Nuits D'Elite!
Check back soon!
Tips: Add more liquid.
Put harder/colder stuff in first.
I feel that what have you come across that's good?
flyers pens game almost looks like playoff hockey!
Great game so far!
Have you tried blue widow?
Mark, you are too kind!
Thanks for that!
I happen to think you are pretty awesome yourself.
Foo Fighters for the win Fuckthehaters like I said.
Walk!
As an old hairstylist back in the 60's..I really remember my 1st really bad hair cut I gave  the young girl cried..
INCS ...The Last Great Daguerriean Survey of the Twentieth Century?
Definitely want to check out more of his work.
Bullshit.
Weei in Portland blacked out cause of Sea Dog baseball?!
I love the Dogs and all but c'mon really?
Well, that wraps up our questions.
Thanks Kevin for all of your insight today.
4professortchat!
Go Get Em!
Good Luck!!
Just overheard a girl say whatevski Sick.
I think airports look like a giant contest called Who Looks The Tiredest.
I'm'a win this bitch.
This song reminds me of Beauty and the Geek!
Man, I miss that show.
If you believe you can, you probably can.
If you believe you won't, you most assuredly won't.
main event!
ready for some scoopage afaik!
5 months what?
Praying God brings me what I need..single life gets old...
k twitter i am back i thot would take longer than i thot but nope but i am back i got a shower brushed my teeth got doctorssed whent out
Quick way to get blocked: blast me with about a dozen inspirational tweets in a 10 minute span
the kids and are going to do just fine.
And yes, a proud parent....
Club Rats come in all sizes with various levels of tact.
One day I aspire to be Jersey Shore level.
Thank you allergies...
Benydoctor is on my side..
Lovely day.
I'm impressed, Google Maps already has updated bus information
First NASCAR crash of the year...
I'm all giddy inside...sike
am reading in print, bet that was a headache, oof.
yes there are so many dildos flopping around this season!
I don't get it
I just saw a Mexican dude with a mermaid tattoo on his face.
from head to toe
Peek into the future  cember Trend Briefing: 11 Crucial Consumer Trends for 2011.
www.trendwatching.com/briefing.
Via
Just listened to Giddy on Up and was thinking...
I just LOVE .
Nice work lady.
UC Davis pepper spray incident reminds me of paramilitary action in the 60s  70s re: Vietnam protestors.
I don't want another Kent State.
come live with me and
medad i need shopping money dady u tell me this dont need to no ur broke mecan i have shopping  from u dadhands me 100 thanks dad:
to my knowledge they can be cited.
If you find any of mine I will take them down personally.
: and anyway, your current haircut is good enough!
: thanks.
I'm kind of just tired of long hair.
Haha.
I bet this dude has MORE SHOES than the law should allow lol
i would like to program with fire  awesome
I haven't had bangs in a few years and I've been thinking of crossing over again.
Where is my plane?
Killer quote.
Maybe we just need to make them happen, then.
We have very few answers to these questions.
If we did, you would hear them, said Kenneth Whalum Jr., Memphis City School board member.
Remember the group hug at the Dbacks Astros game?
Thank you for freaking me out.
Haha and I was about to go to bed too.
Thanks Molo
How is everyones Sunday morning going!?
Let us know
Good luck, Hounds!
RT : Good luck to our Marching Greyhounds today.
amen to that sista!
Scalding hot black coffee and a cigarette outside.
I may burst into flames.
I love when a rainy day turns to a sunny one, but I hate when I've been wearing rain boots and then suddenly don't need to be.
get here girl!
On it boss :
way to run the heat on a day where it's going to be 80, old office building
is diggin this thing called Twitter.....
One of our favorite music videos...it should be one of yours too :
Here comes the insomnia...
I have a date!
Interesting thought from session on public records request: Every valid FOIA request is a failure of open data.
True/false?
What up tweeps?
why do i always quote MASSHOLES when im doctornk?
must be a boston thing
They don't even care :P
If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not...
The greater the difficulty the more glory in surmounting it.
Thats fine and all but to interrupt a playoff game to recite some names no one will remember for 10 seconds?
What's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts?
Beer nuts are 1.25 and deer nuts are under a buck.
Just got 5 frames to try out from at no cost, shippin em to the office.
So rad.
awesome blogpost you did on my presentation, mucho thx!
Madonna and Jennifer Aniston like ties 
Everybody hass that one friendd who always caught inaa lie , !
Local cow is excited about being raised organic, but not looking forward to being turned into local grass feed beef.
Frozen penguin:
most astonishing thing I witnessed today?
a guy on a motorcycle going about 45MPH and texting....TEXTING...looking at the cell phone to text
truth be told i'm at strataconf soaking up great prezos while writing a proposal that's due today.
My kind of workation :

I beat the beat the up up up up up up up ...
myjam
good point.
Definitely a disadvantage for Washington in this series.
Bad on the PP, too.
You think she'd go out with me?
You are funny with the extreme early planning for a trip!!
Exactly  Ill take a chick 2 court 2 plead my case She was a stripper, cuz I tip'd her
Brackets are out people.
Fabulous conversation with Now there's a class act.
okay, sure!
I'm gonna ask for it for my birthday
lol who rapped the doughnut song Rick Ross
basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it takes awhile for the defense to catch up but this one defense..
Fuck it all.
I'm done.
x
Snow and cold, sunny and warm, then rain and snow.
No wonder why people get sick.
First our privacy, now our vote, ???
Anybody else a getting a little worried here?
Check us out www.
Wolfeyedesigns.com
Can't wait until 3:00pm so ready to go home.
Well, if you choose to accept Lugar's view on his own record, his actions did the talking.
It's so good!
I'd take a pic of my gyro plate but I was so hungry only the plate remains
This is just an anthem for the playas..
1st thing you gotta do when You meet Louis is, pinch his cheeks and say; OMG YOU'RE SUCHA CUTE BABY, CUTEST I'VE EVER SEEN!
THE SMEXIEST 1!
gonna be an early day tomorrow...
going to a horse show w/ my barn buddies to help!
3 Gonna be awesome but tiring...
goin to bed soon..
: Watchim Never Ending Story for the first time.
I know this horse better stop playin and get outta this sad swamp.No Artax!
No!
oh my gosh :D
This was my experience RT : they need to ask the interns what THEY want to learn  then arrange it.
: MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.
Double Doors  Marble Floors
who's kid is it?
How's your recuperation coming along?
agree, it was a great one.
he wants mehh ;
oh yeah I go In at 5 maybe I'll be able to count yo doctorwer
Just Got Done Eating Breakfast xD It Was Good!
Our tax dollars support our childoctorn!
I'm proudtopay taxes to support their schools, health care, parks and community centers!
Be unemployed.
Be Scott Skiles.
Be Milwaukee.
What did you guys do today???
Then wooster  jeeves had an episode with black face minstrals?
I told baby when I get my new advance ima blow that mothafucka on a blue Bugatti
Twitter  great for networking, expressing an opinion.
not something to obsess over, try going outside sometimes.
the sun is out!
good: an d i couldn't see avengers last night cause it was sold out:/
: Hey I like it.
I like it a lot.
Speedos, shorts or bare junk?
Brimleynation// roll around in oatmeal first.
Uploading pictures Theorie van het Konijn premiere July 1 at the Bijlmer Park Theater in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Is ther anythingbetter than a sunny yellow BroadwayCab on a sunny PDX day?
I think not!
you don't know Spanish
RT : Everyone say Hi to the new wiunion troll hire Hi Jim, welcome to Wisconsin, we do things differently here.
Why am I single?
Oh you know, because Josh Hutcherson hasn't met me yet..
: My charm only works on women with a heart.
I'm invisible to all these other heartless bitches out here lol....
that's good
Leaving in style however.
Amex loves you for it.
The rangers and blues did this too, This means he COULD play right?
I need al our ghost hunting pictures lol we need to have a sleep over and swap them all
That was a nail biter but we held em off!
Nice win tonight boys!
EAGLES!
OT weplayingbasketball!
Grace is when you gamely engage in conversation with a toothless senior, about every single one of your purchases from peppers to t.p.
My goal trw during the welcome at the ConSource David McCullough event is not to say, And now I'll turn the time over to....
Time for a writing session!
Two songs by the end of the night.
The NFC has won the Super Bowl coin toss 14 straight years.
I go to work at 2:00pm at my firstjob today.
:D How strange that should be trending.
:D
No?
Awe, Alright Then
and let's not forget how much they are antisocialism ....yet, well...taking that money is very socialistic.
RT : Fun Fact  Wild rice is actually a seed, not rice!
that should be
Don't ignore the ginger.
It's full of antimicrobial immune boosters.
That is so cool of you!
Yes only available online and as an ebook
But don't they require exclusivity for only 90 days?
That's what I hear anyway.
yeah I did like it!
it's exactly how I feel towards haters.
They're just annoying as hell.
But whatever!
Go Ron Paul
RT Amazed  pleased w/our insurance adjuster Barbara Kirwin She's professorssional  effective.
Highly recommend PEMCO
CastleAlways is almost here.
Having mixed emotions right now Oo :D :'
Enjoying some sun time in hope's of gettin a lil tan for the shoot.
picture perfect toy story blue sky with the perfect amount of stereotypically shaped clouds
Outback is amazing!
3
Just raised my D to a B :
doctorft picks  ridnour
FC: I don't worry myself with that stuff.
It will take care of itself.
I'm interested to see at what point the UT College Republicans will break the honor code enough to get their org shut down.
Laughing my ass off while watching Ridiculousness xD
that's was yo that's was up , Same just finish with my mofa'ka HW .
now laying down jamming out : hahaha
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
2 shows in San Juan Capistrano tonight and the average age in the audience is Mickey Rooney
safe and best bet is the Brewers
Hi, this is JMJ, Tweet your email addy to receive FREE online acting Micro Lessons.
You've got the talent.
Now get the part!
Misread neutralmilkhotel lyrics: Fall secrets sleep in winter clothes...
Is Chuck wearing a red, hooded onesie?
Seriously GossipGirl, I think he's grown out of his manchild years.
Wtf?
Fuck not getting money
To visit my brother in law in jail.
It was almost like they didn't want us to come to work.
All the doors were locked and we had no way in.
It's awkward when you keep seeing the same person around the store and everytime you make eye contact.
IsJennaA no I don't think she is.
My manager called in today.
Oh hell no.
Lol let me find out she went to the doctorke concert last night too  got all crazy hahah
TrueStory when I'm not home for a few hours,sumtimes I call my houseleave a msg so my dog can hear my voice!LMAO is this normal behavior?
I'm going to call the Mayans the day after their ancestors predicted the world was going to end.
Steak Night tonight!
We will be closed Sunday for a special occasion...
Sorry.
We'll be back Monday night for Burger Nite
I'm classless?Are you confused and thought I kicked someone in the balls today?
You both are pathetic
or maybe Techmo  Koei could contribute and throw in Lu Bu from Dynasty Warriors or Tadakatsu Honda from Samurai Warriors even???
;
lol omg i just watched call me maybe and at 0:52 was you in the door being a creep and THAT WAS SO CUTE XD follow me please3
So just how long of a doctorve is it from MPLS to Nashville, This Tin Pan South event is the real deal.
Alright, no matter how hard you try to change me, I won't change.
I'm me, and that will never change.
Not even for you.
great shot.
reminds me why we're coming back so soon.
Working mom guilt, be gone!
Your kids fare better, study finds: via
Thanks Siobhán!
And yes, it's the 2007 AFI list :
Jarrod Uthoff is 6foot8.
And we at  have all 80 inches of him covered.
Posted later.
Stay tuned.
AKON TALKS ABOUT THE MOVEMENT BLOCK ROYAL AND SCREW BR 201 WE STILL HERE MY BOIZ!
Behind The Music: Akon
B.I.G.day!!thats all thats n the charger 2day.
Super J of and !
They are rockin' the red carpet representing !
maybe some family planking one day?
Awee you look like an infant in your picture
that is pretty much what i did and of course push notifications are off as well
not going.
to lazy.
My Kroger shopping experience is not particularly enhanced by this live rendition of Gilligan's Isle.
Me too.
Last day of class!
Tickle Tickle .
Once again, for my Ladies..
So before you celebrate in the belief that He Chose Me, He 's Me...strongly consider YOU may be
So Tebowing home is unsportsmanshiplike?
DGAF, Cassie.
I'll sport the T when I want to.
what about the horns on the dl from Memphis?
Who do you want for pack?
The day I understand Chemistry is the day hell freezes over
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 75F PARTLY CLOUDY
A 20 min kettlebell workout burns about 21 cals/min, the equivalent of running a 6 min mile pace.
American Council on Exercise
Happy birthday to the amazing !
Wishing you unicorns, rainbows, and Republican election victories today.
Either, just something hot that we haven't done a vid for yet...
Wembley tomorrow, super pumped
thanks for the RT!
oh ya..and make all jails and penitentiaries public domain so there is no legal system professorteering by private ownership groups
Dial 976 and let your hand do the rest!
Art history timeline goes social!
Interactive app/wall lets u rearrange, personalize, share art across time
got it.
.
The Digital Music Panel is moving from Room 302 to a larger room 304 at Noon today!
Sounds good.
I'm also proud/horrified that I'm the slouch that caused the suggestion.
Gonna be a great year.
//cc
haha I really wanna find a white blazer
schipp's clearly a very intelligent  hygienic dude : RT : I dont kno who Schipp is
Celebrating the .5 Irish that I am.
what does it say??
what did I do to deserve this ...
Thanks JJ!
I too hope you have a wonderful weekend!
Happy Presidents Day!
In 9 minutes, I gt 86 tweets.
WOW!
than all night, but whatevs!
That didn't have much of a bounce off that limestone.
You'd think...
Parents are the best
School tomorrow...fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Without music life would be a mistake.
Friedoctorch Wilhelm Nietzsche
It's official, I love writing again
Excited to host 's Chief Academic Officer, Heidi Ramirez, and her senior team for their retreat at our office.
That's what motivated the tweet.
Artisanal makes me think of Park Slope Brooklyn
I know I'm rooting for the tigers but this Ackley fellow is quite attractive.
Are you really signing up???
It would be super fun to see you there!
I'll be the slow one in the back...
just saw The Love Guru tonight and thought it was hilarious!
:
You know, 12 oz of coffee really ain't all that much when it comes right down to it.
Will have a hard time adjusting to normal life againNo doubt.
RT : Do you know the word is for today?
That's right  FLYERS.
Let's hear it people!!
This morning I'm awake thanks to the good, handsome peeps at King's Road Cafe, 3,000 miles away
On my way to a callback.
Whoop whoop!
Real Talk True Story
For , Twitter is heart of online identity.
Following about 2,000, followed by 7,500.
i just saw you at w areyoufollowingme?
sitting down for lunch is relaxing, that's for sure
did Shane and Scooter write that one together?
I was trying to figure out who Shane's cowriter was on this one...
sweet doctorams!
No problem.
Thank YOU for showing interest by retweeting the CNN Heroes article about our program.
who's do you think they can be?
With you..
I can let my hair down, I can say anything crazy.
I know you'll catch me right before I hit the ground.
Thnx, Lynette.
Also thnx to Argo!
RT : I'm 2 weeks late but Agency has first client.
Congrats!
Big happy birthday to the best Oscar coverage tweeter around,
Gay or straight, love is impossible for me.
Last night's South Park that's the good stuff.
What happened?
I missed it.
How did Tony Smoke Carl this time?
I can't wait till I see you gurl.
Where going to be like white chicks.
Lol hahaha
Apparently if you doctornk to excessively you start following
Good Q would indicate a focus on skillsbased education, but do you skip chronology?
Is this for entrylevel or Jr/Sr?
I'm trying to remember correctly, but aren't those involved in the judo political regime against their guys going to MMA?
Not another bad black movie....Think Like A Man
I'll feel better when I hear Sparano say it, confidently.
Q5: In today's PR industry, does have a Master's degree help?
What are your thoughts?
Nice to tweet you and !
Interviewed designer at Macy's today.
Love his grunge meets classy style.
So fun!
Don't forget to sign up for our Email Club!
Receive exclusive offers, and be the first to know about upcoming events!
Noo Sara is :
usually last minute haha
I think dot Marie jones coaches football in Texas would be a show I'd watch.
If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself.
What isnt part of ourselves doesnt disturb us.
Hermann Hesse
Don't call me baby came on the radio today....haha!
Hi Kristi!
Happy to connect with a goal getting ninja!
Rock on : 
I never do this, so you know it's worth it.
larkslegs asks if it is tea and cake time yet?
Isn't it always tea and cake time?
I know it's always teatime :!
phew.
glad i was able to sort out that 200 fine from the SF Public Library.
one of Gilbert's marketing guys is talking about how big of a fanatic he is

I'm not sure how to take that.
;
Brandolph long flick gets blocked by Rampage defender, but Trey Katzenbach lays out to catch the block in the end zone for a 2318 lead.
Learning how to speak speak the language of Sanskrit.
It is such a beautiful and powerful language!
:
Almost fell asleep like a idiot
is there really any such thing as a private though anymore
Of course it's political!
You don't shoot a politician just because you don't like the color of their shoes.
Thanks for the RT about Little Miss Lovesick!
You guys rock!!
:
i really wish Primo would get here with my hoagie already!!!
my tummy is rumbling!
Holiday Bowl on now!
4 Long Horny  Golden Bears.
Happy Hour is on!
Win a Trip!
Be entered in our trip give away just for showing up.
20ThingsAboutMe 14.
I'm really shy.
Are you thetypeofperson who wants to reform NY's criminaljustice system through grassroots advocacy?
Answer: YES.
Good morning fellow TWEETERS!
It's a beautiful day at Disney World.
Currently 85 degrees.
Wind: N.
at 0 mph.
Humidity 75.........
I agree.
I was a bit teary
Whidbey would be fun!
In Afghanistan, just defeating the culture of corruption/dishonesty is a huge first step.
That will take decades.
I love getting breakfast ready to the sounds of my 3  2 year olds yelling letters to Super Why
us too.
We were there 3 times today alone...
Tonight's score  Yoga  1,  0.
My thighs are DEAD.
The Return Of TIpsy Tuesday Tonight  Bombay Ranch No Cover 2.50 Jack  Bud Select Be There Or Be Square
Check out one of faves she will be attending their home show july 16 in atlanta
Morning!
All work an no play unfortunately.
I need 48 hours in the day.
How bout choo?
Distractionsscreaming!
I can't believe you admitted publicly to having watched that film!
Hah.
Oh no VMart
I remember when I heard MCA had cancer, he seemed so healthy in the Beastie's vlog.
I thought he had healed and was speaking of him recently
Judy Collins?
Its about to get live for this girls night tonight.
About to watch Yojimbo.
Because grading can wait till tomorrow, and I have time to do whatever I feel like doing.
aww yea u should go!
ificantakebackonething that dvd I rented
I should have stayed home!
was in beast mode during this game.
USF loaded the box up and he still pounded the rock.
9 minute nap.
Three page field notes?
Check.
Now, five page essay to relate my notes to a certain theme...?
O.
your welcome beautiful hope you have a great weekend :
Pandora is all I got right now
Gotta get the car fixed...
: btw where are you from?
i think someday should be now !
Please follow me justin 34642
I love you 3
Mash is simple  obvious, but works on so many levels!
He's okay now, thnx for askin'.
We got him squared away..
looking for a qa engineer that is passionate about security!
Today's trip to the gym will be replaced by a glass of red wine and maybe some oysters.
Can't wait to see all my KDA Dancers on Monday!
I have missed them so much and ready to hear all their Spring Break stories!
's jeans size is 2832 :
you welcome : how old are u?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Get well soon.
Not quite the way to ring in a new hometown.
Come rain or come shine, my new motto.
Please dont jock, better yet please do : 
Misty because I miss !!
Wish I could see her today
Kameron Woods with a HUGE block as in the lane.
O I wanna fight so many people at my school .
Talk shit bout fam you'll get your ass murked IDGAF.
i know right i mean really we are so dedicated to him and he doesn't even notice it
Tip.
Don't wear Mocs or Toms on a rainy day.
You will be walking around with smelly puddles inside your shoes 
Have a PIZZAPalooza Day!
NORTH AVENUE 270.1880 BAY VIEW 238.2406 DINE IN!
PICK UP!
DELIVERY!
Way to ruin kickoffs Might as well just make it another TV timeout.
It was a pleasure to finally meet yesterday!
Reporting on your own superheroic activity while in your secret identity as a reporter is an ethics violation, mister KENT.
Sent samples to .
this week.
Can't wait to see the way they style them on their blog!
:
why is twitter so dead today?
where is everyone!?
MamaSays knock u out !
Dont take out ur frustration on people that are there for u.
No one should be punished for being ur friend
I'm watching the last couple of episodes of Eastbound and Down....
freshly eaten PUKED OUT nachos.
I hate it when people play around with me when I'm not in the mood!
hcsm T3: basics to advanced: websites, then blogs, then METRICS / ROI, then 140 characters, then video/pinterest/etc.
It's funny how you hated me like...
2 days ago, and now you're trying to suck up to me.
Morning TWEEPie'Kins!
Breathe....bellyback  ribs...sustain....Now INTONE......Ah h....
thanks and right back atcha!
:
Gotta love seeing T.J Who's your mama returning punts for the Raiders
By the way the owner/creator is if you look at her page you can view our logo it's her background

thank you for the follow!!!
Re: prank.
I have too many followers.
I am not that interesting.
You must be using bots.
the gym is my think tank
Why can't I sleep anymore?
Who else is over this weather?
I put more thought into this year's Halloween costume than most parents devote to deciding who should get their kids if they die.
21 Jump Street
WakeNBake
is going to build a new flight tracker app in 11 minutes using the
oh em gee.
There's someone on Instagram and he looks EXACTLY like you :o
Loving the la perla tequila doctornk  cannot wait for dinner!
please turn to syfy right this moment...
this show is fucking amazing
Damn it, put Serge on Bynum.
SH!T.
Alright, i'm on my bed happy and tired.
Great day at the carnival, now for some sleep3 goodnight:
Im in pain OMG
There wasnt wifi..fuck liars got my hopes up
Sounds perfect for Zebra2 and is something I've wanted for a while.
gonna sleep now, good night everybodyciao!
i think
thanks for the RT, hope you are well and have a great weekend :.
Kudos to the people making my hometown a little better.
Keep at it,
sometimes, i can move my jaw into a certain position and all the creativity in the universe is channeled through my fingers and chin.
Great submission  Keep em comin' this is the LAST WEEKEND to Submit!
We will vote on the top10 next week!!!!
the day u follow me will literally never happen :and it breaks my heart
Screening We can make out.
Just this once.
But you'll have to fill out this application first.
ain't nothing wrong with ocd, as long as it's for me.
;
u have done many cover tunes of other artist songs has any artist ever done a cover tune of any of your songs??
If so what song/songs/
Just figured out how to change the image of my apps on the new timeline!!!!
Yippee!
There are 5 primaries on the GOP side, and ALL of them are meaningless.
We know Romney will win them all, but by how much?
yummy!!
Any specialities?!
yes to
When gets married we'll all be in line waiting to see who gets the
u can't go wrong wit that at all..
ONLY way Stephen A.
would beat me boxing is if he talked so much he finally got on my nerves, distracted me  landed one lucky shot.
I was hoping you'd notice that.
Thank you lady!
I let the littlest things irritate me.
Gotta' cut that out.
That I do.
oh yea i forgot!
and why your not coming?!
you need a freelance designer / Illustrator / collab ?
OMG, Spain scores the game winner in the 116th minute.
ill see you in my doctorams, and hopefully ill wake up and your be following me,if that happened id be the happiest girl ever
no lol.
but I freakin forgott her name.
Its awkward to ask my mom..
so do u remember?
I'm glad I can make a difference in the lives of others by stealing Ben  Jerry's
see what you did!
We will be in Seven Hills this Sunday for the chili cook off and fall fest!
Come check out our table and pick up a Cleveland Tee!
Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there...
Michael Jordan
Thanks Norelie!
yes I'm at TEDMED.
Hope to see you in miami!
i got mexicans that a push ya wig bak nigga
We attended last years event.
A great event for Technology managers, professorssionals, developers, etc.
So many tracks to choose from
Watching talk about new Source menu on Foodie  The Beast Live at Carmine's.
Head Mixologist shares sips with the audience.
Yum!
hey mamab how are u,have a good day
Unless you're from Lindstrom, MN
I cant believe people are still wearing croc's
next topic: unsolicited RFPs ...
are you still wasting your time jumping through these hoops?
that just makes me realize HOW famous Howard Stern is.
Does anyone know where the off switch is located on 5 year olds?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :
Beach bound
victory L?
In your own words, but cite your sources.
Your paper must be in APA.
Thanks and !
We are so happy to be featured at The Center for Fiction in NYC!
And, yes, our books ARE fabulous.
Would love to get resources for A2 or geometry students to get explanations or practice skills at a high level.
Hook me up!
Softball practice ;
This photo is great!
The hats are definitely very interesting....:D
Glad Joseph Kony has finally been toppled.
All it took was a dumb idealist stapling a blurry political patch to the tree in my yard.
At this rate, I'm going to be here until Saturday.......not looking good.
Am I the only one who hates Nick Cannon ?
.
guess so ?
Umm i can come get em tonight if you're free
No nail lady I don't have any fingernails, I bit them all off before I got here.
Discount?
hotels without on demand movies
aw so cute
thanks for the RT  taking the pic with my son!!
God bless
WCAR just makes everything better.
I can't wait to see them July 29th.
In Denver tonight and wanna kick it with Models poppin' Bottles?
I got the hookup so hit me back ASAP!!!!!!!!
Just chomped down the most tart mouth watering slobber inducing mango on the planet.
StrangeClouds today.
might as well check this HotInCleveland2 out while I'm at it.
lol that you are pretty lady!!!
and Mike Blase hanging out at doctorven.
Mike, aka Mikey at doctorven, is a fucking crazy wizard.
New journals in Journal of Korean Religion from Cultural Politics from and Mediaevalia from SUNY Press
someone also wrote admissions instead of emissions!!!
i died areyouretarded hahaha
Business calls and more business calls for They were all fun though.
Haha!
I hope sees this!
Today Twitter Word of the Day: Nostalgia
Aw, RIP Defiant.
One of my last acting gigs was in one of their last shows.
Making a choice on a Twin Prognosis doctorg Rehab Coursec ...
Kozinski on surveillance state: The idea that any of us are anonymous is an illusion...
Anonymity could be key policy issue of 21st cent.
ohh excellent choice!
Think you'll like it better than Oklahoma
Chief Executive Magazine ranks Wisconsin as the 20th best state to do business, up four spots since last year and up 21 spots since 2010.
Montgomery County wellness calendar, May 310  Washington Post
So, do you want to know another change??
:
Guess what?
You actually have a choice between what upsets you and what doesn't.
Use it!
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose..
Motherficker steady hitting on breaks and shit
Just sat with Deputy Sec Porcari, US DOT, for lunch.
High level fed in touch with local transportation needs.
Great speaker, strong values.
My daughter goes to bayview high school.
Or maybe she doesn't go and that's why they call me so much about her.
I feel like an outcast...
I'm the only one without a tat.
...protesters that don't like him
RT much appreciated!
:
yeah i was just kicking it with him
Are pigtails back as a hairstyle?
Are they still called pigtails?
Regardless, I totally approve.
Totally.
Hanging out with good folks is all that matters.
The refs should just let Duke start in the bonus tonight so I can make my peace with it now and not in 4 hours.
Cool story bro.
Wanna hear mine?
Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck.
The end.
I really don't like you..
GIVEAWAY: free iTunes download of April Showers, May Flowers album.
Email me what year was Rubik's cube invented?
thanks I just changed it to one that isn't moving so that there isn't that random fucking circle in the middle XD
Your her girlfriend but she DON'T HAVE TIME FOR YOU ...
THAT'S NOT A RELATIONSHIP LIL MAMA
Tonight's one thing: write a FahrenheittoCelcius conversion program in BASIC1965, to test the interpreter.
Yecch.
Always an uphill struggle, but SMO neighbors seem to have a fair shot at eventually shutting down that kind of thing.
Me: That's gay.
Guy: It's gay that I'm calling you before I take my nap?
Me: Uh lol, yeah.
Guy: Alright, I'll call someone else.
Me: No!
When do you come home ?!
Looking for a good book on explaining Social Media  anyone know one?
it was really amazing
RT Be patient...the best thing is that you achieve your doctorams and goals when you are able to handle them!
Thumbs up.
Especially the QA discussion around database vs.
book.
I would have settled for a sac fly!
: New track from is fire Chicago gonna get rinsed on Sat...
Going to doctorp it on my next set!
Nature Conservancy names two new board members  Cape Gazette
Running sound for the conference
ideawf.com officially kicks off in Wichita Falls, Texas.
Got an idea?
Want to own your own business?
This is your chance to get started.
There are billions of people in the world.
Why are you letting one of them ruin your life?
We have a pretty sweet steam punk pin I think you'll like!
Definitely saving one for you!
We're today's Deal of the Day !
125 of services for only 50!
www.GrouponBoston.com
Shout Out follow
I'm in dire need of a trim.
I won't even tell you how long it's been.
Let just say that my ends are starting to revolt.
From a non NASCAR fan: that is EXACTLY what I thought the President of NASCAR would look like.
Also he says warsh
I've been very fortunate to be able to jump around
School tomorrow.
I won't be able to tweet alot now that I'm going to be busy :o
It's a huge grownup moment, so enjoy.
: And post some pics if you think of it.
Cheers.
On St Patrick's Day I started THE LAST STORY TELLER by Frank Delaney
'Ello 'Ello!
We are now connected on 3 different social media platforms!
Haha
just proves that they really do a great job in raising daya to be the best person she could be 
Greatest news so far this morning via : Hanson brothers are creating an IPA called MmmHop.
RT : Up next: 2012ASA in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Sincerely, Your 2011ASA Program Committee led by the brilliant
gee thanks
ok I'll brb
My 6 yo plays with her plastic play food.
Runs around yelling where's my fondant?
why are you talking
Yup!
Nolan isn't trying to make comic book movies though.
His are in a totally different ballpark.
HappyEaster every1!
May your gas not smell 2 much like eggs 2nite  2maro.
Dimkin a beer at mark Strauss watching the Lakers
Last meeting of the semester.
Just wait till January...
Journaled tonight.
I need to do it more often...
the conservatively partisan was not among the Catholic group criticizing the Ryan budget.
At last a fight worth watching hats off to Brandon Rios  Gamboa can't wait till April.
Boxing needs more fighters w/ heart
RT fun time on Rachael Ray show...
and no cooking!
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.Albert Einstein
When's the book coming out?
What is it that makes an apartment special to you?
Thanks for your help during
it seriously saved me hours of work though, then she didn't eat my pizza.
She's okay by me right now
off to the POOL!
hellsyeah
ND must clutch for me too.
Losing isn't an option haha
too much food??
lol
Has the GOP held their Forum on Women yet?
No, they're too busy taking away our rights.
Can we get a God damned Ryan Braun ruling yet?
writing what you want to say to an audience in advance  projecting it on a TelePrompTer, that's savvy.
Black Girls : Bitch Beat Her Ass And If U Lose Immaa Help u ,
and you never show it : I never get hugs and barley get love you's 
finished Caztro's video check it out
lol I hope so
That's great.
You guys will really enjoy it!
AskObama  Can we reduce our armed forces in Europe and Asia to reduce defense budget?
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
that's generally when he starts shooting.
Seriously who gets hyper on a school night?
O.o 
shut your pie hole titanic megamind
Dever plans to be liaison between students  committee, says cant be student voice
it's the most wonderful time of the year: MASTERS WEEK.
looks like the people need a PD James/ collaboration  it'd rock their world!
Is Bettman expected to announce a local ownership group to buy the Coyotes and keep them in Phoenix?
Ha RT : I'm 30 i have no kids, never been to prison, and never been married...
I'm like a Mexican myth...
I'm a fucking chupacabra
We're going to steak night.
We're gonna eat it right.
Steak is such a treat.
It is the world's best meat.
You know you've made it when Teddy Long rubs oil on you.
can you follow ?
i followed all of them!
his catchphrases are so overdone and annoying he's basically unbearable.
Lol
First day of work!
The sweetest gift in the world is a hug from my kids
we revamp in 32 days 0
do you know how to find out what an actress was wearing in a movie?
Brands etc.
Not feelig comfortable ina new postion in soccer  not playing like your self 
I wonder what the weatherman would say if I messaged him on Facebook saying 'Hey I saw you on tv'
Any ideas for sketches?
We are very open to ideas
There's no joking around today.
Most productive Sunday is on it's way!
Can't wait to see my auntie lil boy
My prayer list of people is expanding, today it went from 97 to like 120 !!
Excited for HOP tonight !!
Wow God is good!!
D
most probably..
just gotta make arrangements :
what's going on?
Kick him out and I'll move in :
Just got done play a few games of tennis in the heat.
Hydoctortion time.
im bout to report y azz spam..
lol..plzz change yo password
29 names submitted for proxy baptisms; I'd call that a productive weekend
Watching Madeas Big Happy Family:
It's Friday and I'm about to deliver a massive student services survey project I've been working on for a client since August.
Hooray!
GameStop.
They aren't hiring though.
:
Fabbrizi wins trap, Klimov rapid fire at World Cup
i swear i would love someone FOREVER if they brought me some Chipotle to my job right now:
Power still out in our Needham neighborhood...going on 5 hours.
Flooding and downed trees and tree limb abound.
How come pain lasts longer than just being happy
They are in my book.
Yankees, Duke .
.
.
RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history.
Is there any debate?
hard work is all it takes....u got the talent just need to focus on our game plan...keep up the good work...
More than likely the worst weekend of my life..
naw fam I only listen to conscious rap now lol
Gabby Giffords Very inspirational!
Nice to see our US Reps unite on both sides of the Isle.
amazing view!
Enjoy the evening.
Also the boss so no grassing about me standing on here loads Follow im within the mood to visit greyhound racing
Game 162 of last year on ESPN2 right now.
As an orioles fan, this is sadly one of the happiest moments of the last 14 years.
That's I'm?
A toy?
Let's go Cayyuuts!!
I hope you win too!
: good luck :
Hell yea working on followers already have 82 from the 13 i had this morning
I'm addicted to presenting.
I'm on such a high now.
Hope you all enjoyed the Games session!!!
Wit his bitch ass RT : I don't care what you Heat fans talking bout.
Yo best player should take the last shot.
Know how I know it's time for a ski trip?
It's snowing like crazy here!
His name is Bob and he is hot.Julia
Panel says DOJ antitrust enforcement tone has mirrored the tone of Obama administration: pragmatic and cautious.
I like the finale though!
Feel like they tied it up nicely.
thanks for the stone soup mention...everyone here appreciates the support
no luck.
Ahh well money saved for obsidians
what up main?
Again ??
Smh when will u learn Mister Wellz
no lie, even if my day is complete shit, makes it 100 times better 3
I mean really....
not at all,critical thinking is a slow progress though, i fear sheltering my kids and then opening flood gates will b worse
crosses fingers
same place as always lol
RT I would go out in the rain and hang out with the Occupy protesters, but I would rather occupy my couch and watch Netflix.
this is a funny week w spring break so let's schedule something the first week of april
I had over 1,000 followers but those little bitches unfollowed me.
I'm pissed.
Haha.
It will be up to all of us to make 2009 great.
Communal Consciousness Realized.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
are you currently interning anywhere?
You have really good tweets?
Thank you, Patti!
And it was a lovely walk, too.
:
Good Social Media Marketing practice for Lawyers.
Connect with as many other lawyers in Linkedin because of robust referral benefits  ROI.
Eventually it WILL be too late.
Trying to summon the energy for my duty shift tonight.
Hoping StPatricksDay doesn't mean a nonstop EMS shift..
Let us go then, you and I/ When the custard is spread out against the sky
Took like 3hours to get home
in 4rth.....testing is never fun but its alright i guess........
:'
professorBies: It's all about the courage to do what matters.
Woodson makes an incredible play...yawn
TNT won't let PDX watch the biggest home game of the year.
this might be the bigger story over the game itself.
Make sure you follow us on twitter!!!!
also post your twitter account so we can follow you as well!!
Have a great day!!!
Our current slice of the week: Rosemary roasted pork loin, fresh garlic, and onions.
.
Charities received 500M from property/casualty insurance industry in 2010
Sorry I wasn't able to make it out last night, we have recruits in town this weekend.
Saw the score and you guys certainly
In Nashville learning about new respiratory antibiotic for cattle
The U.S.
women's national team completed its Group A schedule in the Algarve Cup on Monday with a comfortable 40 win over Finland .
Can I Get One More Person To Follow ?
She's Beautiful : Follow,Follow ,Follow!
We've got gluten free pizza!
RT Q3 Foodiechats Something gluten free, right
Green Cleaning 101 this Wed from 6 to 7pm at PNNM.
Making your own cleaning supplies is good for your health and your wallet!
Redevelopment  land grabs for blight.
Blight is whatever the agencies WANT it to be  up to and including irregularly shaped lots.
I think I'm well over 90 of users to my site with screen resolutions higher than 1024.
96 at 1024 and better.
Tile placement is everything in
I want to go to the concert, but cant, come to Ohio, you got TONS of mahomies here if you come!!
Headed back to Reno  found out Larry  His Flask is playing The Alley tonight.
One of the best live shows I've EVER seen.
ljadultbuzz also means galley reading on my holiday in three weeks.
Incoming requests, watch out!
is a destination for jewelry for the home.
Beautiful objects for the discerning few.
GOOD MORNING LADIES
I just earned the Mobile Streaker badge on Yelp!
FREE Songs anyone??
Head to www.adampercy.com and get 3 of them!
BRAND SPANKING NEW from the very talented Adam Percy!
Remembering Freddie Hubbard
I know.
But if he was any other person, he would've been run out of town long ago.
I know!
Whatever they had bad hair.
Both of em!
Tiniest ferris wheel in the land!
Thanks for checking out our site!
Glad you like it.
and did a fantastic job.
He'll be back.
Probably with a new wife at that point.
Austin varsity game tonight
Congrats on new gig w/ Tell RollTide h/t
came to my house, hugged me, wipped his sweat on me, and went to take a piss.
:
Look for the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay awhile.
Well if this isn't a sight for virtual eyes  how are you doing, and how has your year been treating you?
Mane!!!!
I wanna watch Blue Hill Ave..
I did not even know it was Groundhog Day, Can't believe that didn't come up at lunch I mean...
;
People not only see how good or bad you are from what you do, but also from what you don't do........
rejectedtebowdognames : RunSpotRun Jeeze
Awesome!
Where can we watch?
that's cool!!
Do you like it there?
all I know about him is the Monroe Doctrine.
And he had an estate in VA, though I get confused which is his  which is Madison's.
I make unbelievably fantastic cookies.
Dang it!
I was already on the plane when you sent this...finally made it to my destination hope you did too!
;
whyd i go to gay pride and end up spending the day with straight people?
i had fun though!
Loved meeting you guys!
!!
Pls keep me posted!
Slept for 10 hours and I can still continue to sleep..
well opening day in DC will be of equal awesomeness.
Wish I could up load a sound clip.
This hiphop and doctorms sounds unbelievable
just skirting the edges of French critical theory makes me want to run and hide!
RT : RT : The power of perception helps to define and shape our success.
It's pacer time!!!!
probably nothing  my follower count keeps bouncing up and down randomly  would guess it's a twitter issue!
My big bro Dion goes to Wofford..I wouldn't mind joining him...m
Thanks for the reply.
Its tshirt time!
RT Musician Moby, whose Destroyed photos are featured , tells his digitalpreservation horror story.
ht...
: ha ha jury duty good luck Im in Missouri working till the 10th good for u!
Court dismissed jury.
Just 1 day!
Chanting: This is what democracy looks like!
Weird.
Cheesecake?
Edible kind or what goes on a calendar?
Thx for making me finally sign up for Klout just to see what's what.
Strangely, it helps me focus better.
Sometimes silence is distracting.
Yawn.
On hold for the last 30 minutes with
Happy st patricks day!!
enjoy your day :
haha ik bc people tweet about stupid stuff like I don't need to know everytime some1 is eating lol
And that is the first ball to leave the infield for the Mariners.
Main takeaways from day 1 at foss4gna for those tracking the event online?
whoops didnt type tea's essay whatever it's her fault for already turning something in to the website.
dummy
Let's go lions we out here saints fans!
since when did it become okay to walk up to a girl you barely know and slap their ass?
have some fucking respect.
My baby straightening her hair right now.
RT : Aren't all tech reporters men?
Especially ones who like sports and, in my case, beer : // I love this convo :
I feeling sexy and free like glitters raining on me...
We just picked up a new client!
Naked Beauty Tanning, prototype location just opened with franchise opportunities right around the corner.
start busting up all those brooms!
Expand 441 calories in 1 hr of downhill skiing 771 calories for 1hr of rock climbing 413 calories for 1hr of hiking Just Move!
were u all given the story why?
You guys deserve to know what happened and if not I'll fb and dm u guys
I am thankful for the amazing day I just had.
I am thankful for the air in my lungs.
I am thankful for my amazing family and friends.
Saw a hot guy on tv then stalked his twitter...
Hey, how u been?
I feel so lost
and the song kind of just repeats so i'm gonna end it now.
5: Allowing underage people to doctornk on your property, FINE: 366
Happy Birthday !!
:
Great seeing in VIPs  season tix holders CIT another W!
thx for the follow.
Just downloaded your app.
Looking forward to checking it out.
Congrats!
How old are you?
MeWould it be odd if we went to Ihop at 4am and ask for an overabundance of hash browns?
PaulIll be in the car
dennis,DENNIS!
You gonna take my damn Miami Dolphins schedule out your murse n hang it on the side of your stainless steel fridge or what?
i deff agree with u on the Ciroc Bacardi  Smirnoff but NOT on the Hennessy
there are so many ways to make that look like an accident.
Just last week an iron 'flew' from the kitchen to the bathtub.
Weird!
cool, Bob.
Merry Christmas, it's today!
God has bless each and everyone of us!!
Don't forget it!
Love, Peace, and Happiness to all.
Share yourself..xox
in case you forgotten...
God is not angry, annoyed, disappointed or ashamed of you  Jeremiah 31:3 Thanks
Why did so many people cancel at the last minute?
That was the weird part.
ROAD TRIP!
:
I'm single
Hiring counter staff!
Must be able to work weekends and be super duper positive and friendly.
Come see us!
actually im mostly spanish u dumbass racist piece of shit.
and think im a rapper?...maybe u didnt see which label im on
Learned how to facilitate a virtual classroom breakout session this week.
today has been a wacky wednesday
I'm so glad!
Was anyone in the group new to SOMArts?
Have you been placing augments everywhere since then?
Do tell!
shame on you for calling yourself a rapper lmmfao, calling you a joke would be compliment
That status when your heart doctorps!:/
Am I crazy?
That really didn't look like much to me, but whatever.
When did Dunleavy become such a weeny?
How do we remain in the perfect curious state in relation to technology and change?
dhh at
Sometimes I just want to stop caring because the more you care the more you have to lose.
We anticipate it will open the first week of June.
SD HomeGarden doctorwing: 1st 100 likes w/a comment on our are eligible to win a 100 coupon to Quarter Kitchen
BestThingsAboutBeingSingle your free to flirt with guys, without being called a ho.
:
Meeting some great people  companies at utrconf.
Thanks to for the invitation.
Unfortunately, I don't have time to doctorw comics right now.
Stole a half hour to write yesterday, felt guilty afterwards.
Tweet..
Tweet...
Now I can say I tweeted:
txt me
I hate when my tummy hurts from eating to fast.
Does that ever happen to you?
I need something to do tonight!!!
U Nice Avril
My tweets read like they're composed by an exscreenwriter for Felicity.
I really overuse the word amazing.
Tribeca 2012: Sports Docs Go for Broke
I think someone should throw another ham  Paula Dean's head for somehow finding a way to make diabetes contagious...
Has there been any interesting reactions/responses to the Stanford story in the New Yorker this week?
Hope to see u in Denver again soon!
or possibly the Mountain towns....crowds would love u up here...Keep killin it Geo!
My doctorcleaner just used an abacus!
A man needs to look not down, but up to standards set much above his ordinary self to make him feel, he's spiritually the underdog.
I.
B.
We'll be tweeting live from tonight's screening of Hope you can join us!
dear , I'm excited.
Kbye
Can I just marry like right now
Morris gortat and Nash look great!
We are down to the hornets but I like the look of the suns this year.
I'm at the gate but I don't see you...I assume you're still waiting to get through security.
It's fine I'll save a seat for you.
All I know is flex now I'm shitn on my ex
im not so much looking forward to doctorving to Seattle by myself.
shits like 38 hour doctorve
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
Voltaire
Thank you for the double follow I'm doing great!
How are you?
Ready for school to be let out so I can leave these stupid people.
Not ready to be stuck at home with my crazy family
no mine still there and will always be...well till I move lol
Yes I am!
I recommend Sushi Garden in Metrotown, Cantonese food court at Parker Place, Belgian fare at Chambar, I can go on ...
Downtown shopping and Pacer game
Oh, excellent!
I'll keep an eye open for it.
Thanks!
Damn, been off TW 4 quite awhile.
Computer crash left me stranded, then so busy with disndat.
Finally a moment to breath.
Bring U up 2 speed
my.
eye.
hurts.
Think alls quiet?
Inspection teams gearing up for 2012 to insure vendors are bring you the best Indiana grown  local
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
i dont even know what that is
I haven't turned my PS3 on since the month Uncharted 2 came out, so...
See you  Johnny's...I think I am getting there  3pm...Go Sporting!!!
Where my hoe ass cousin dirt Dick Johnson!!!
so so ready
Busy day including my 3rd audition for a hit show I'd love to book!
Appreciate them asking for me again!
Maybe 3rd time is the charm.
i dont but that dont mean i dont have friends that do...my brother does hes freakin anoyin
thanks dear I'm not a mom tho teamNoKids lol : ur very thoughtful
Thanks and for the RTs!
i got it I bet you go a ton of these replys.
very !
He woke up at 6 asking if it's time yet lol :
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer.
Albert Einstein
Topanga was out cold
On tap tonight: JayZ at Carnegie Hall!!!
Not excited or anything!
Oh yea.
And been posting the last 2 days but can't get peeps to RT.
Waz up wit that?
I RT all the time.
How do u get that better
Check out this awesome shot of the July 5th Haboob by local photographer Mike Olbinski!
Where were you during this one?
My tax return is going to be so easy this year: I'm just going to write a check with About 15 on the comment line.
I call this one Baileys, as close as you can get without getting your eyes wet.
I like writing in 2/4.
; even if it's so similar.
Haha
Xbox is the worst thing ever.
Just stop playing if your going to camp in a corner or aim down your sights every time you go around a corner.
The app is free to download until 16 February 2011.
Updates coming soon, to boot!
You think that I can't live without your love?You're wrong!
Are you as bored as I am?' Makes sense even when you read it backwards...
Gardener: Try these mowing tips to keep your lawn healthy  Freeport JournalStandard
4more people follow us today please !:  amanda
Do you prefer going to a trade show or the web?
George Clooney might play Steve Jobs.
They might as well consider Ryan Gosling for the role of Bill Gates.
please answer me what you think the problem is with the bengals organization?
been a fan for 29 years, but just dont see good!
Great presentation this morning by  a thoughtful look and analysis of the digital space.
Order sent to Amanda in GA!
Yes.
Saturday.
AKA tomorrow.
RT : that's Saturday isn't it?
HBO's parent company is Time Warner.
And yet HBOGo is not offered on Time Warner.
........100  clown shoes
!!!
Will that be close to the release date?
When your are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears
What up fam you killed it Saturday, looking forward to Rocking with you in the very near future my dude!
DJ Coach K!
The word of the day is: underboob
All of Austin's doctorams are coming true.
I can feel it.
Re: GLAM1 pager, you're famous : .
thanks so much!!
Appreciate all of the support!
an idiot.
Some times i wish i wasnt born becuz i fill like im not wanted :'
If you never read it, I'd suggest The Last Shot which became the movie 'He Got Game.' All about Marbury in HS.
I hate when stuff goes out the windows when i'm doctorving.
I just be like fuck it .
Wookette flu to the max.
Big travel day home, big work week, off to see Amanda quinny and my other burgians this weekend!
CC all sweaty now, like Garcia.
Lol.
havnt talked to u in years
I'll respect the Grammy's when they allow 7D to perform.
Brooklyn knows best.
We'll send OUR childoctorn to school on the subway.
What is the grad rate in BedSty?
Amazing discussion of Beyonce's Run the World and exoticism of visual artist Peter Hugo by Martin Scherzinger/ Wills Glasspiegel
I mean us
Trading out a gas stove for an Elec.
Now, I have to wire it in.
Pretty sure I turned off the gas.
Sparks won't be good, I think if I forgot.
about that contest to win a gift card in Tacoma, do we comment on the status or do we say at the event??
love palo alto on a sunny day
TBA of a World premiere in 's 5th slot next season
Ms.
Osborne class is a waste of time t
thats a bummer any other prospects in play
So much to do and no motivation to do it....
at the Rockies game with the family cheering for the rockies over the
life moves on even if ur going with it or not...
Another application completed and submitted.
Lord, do Your work, Amen!
Listening to on the iPod this morning.
Gettin my inspiration back :
Love the new pic!!
chippy that ate the trees and the pool and will
me too, I'm trying it too, I love act, and I'll be, figth fo your doctorams :
: Absolutely!
Too many to name.
People who have met One Direction more than once, then brag about it for people like me who will probably NEVER meet them, they SICKEN me.
Also good about : the communities they have set up for teachers to join.
lady  everyone has finals.
we are rescheduling for next week
Just poked myself in the eye with the mascara wand
My oldet daughter said sum dat shocked me 2dayWe wanna hlp him but he jus do stupid stuffhate him.lol How do u hate sum1 but wanna hlp.?
I can't wait till your in Chicago because I'll be there.
I have a coffee house pass to so I can't wait to meet you!
listen to www.myspace.com/mebruklin
thanks Bruce!
lol i'm watching it right now too.
Reading is gay.
Happy birthday to , a great and talented friend.
Lil brother came up to me and asked me to give him some gangsta music...
So proud
how was opening day buddy?
Bad result but I bet it felt good to doctornk again.
i wish that katy perry e.t.
song would just go away.
hurts my ears!
What a shot mcroberts for a buzzer beating 3
Some days it doesn't feel like work at all.
It's like getting paid to play.

i Actually LOVE my relationship..
it's Everything I ever wanted..
I'm not changing that shtt lol Lbvvs!3
I'm in!!!
doctorve you down, 48 hours to myself, then bring back 3 shells of your former selves!
how are u?
I hear there might be some bacon to accompany those Brussels sprouts..
it's going to be all kinds of crazy!
sounds like the death of commenting.
thanks!
And we seriously have to hangout soon!
So if you're not doing anything this weekend I'm having a movie night text me!
The Boy likes slapstick.
2 yearolds aren't supposed to like slapstick.
So he's either very advanced or a sociopath.
yes, but google is listening hard to g
Just found out we had an annex, and it has really cool stuff in it.
As my colleague said this is the bonus of working in a library.
That's that shit I don't like.
Watching documentary on Sam Cooked..never knew how he died...Sad
........i think its time to log off and chill out, the eyes are starting to burn
What's a life with no fun.?
Please don't be so ashamed.
I've had mines.
You've had yours.
WE both know.
We know.
Huber would agree with me that Waukesha NEEDS that kind of bar.
Who knows, he may be the major investor.
whydoialways give myself a reason to give up so easily.
lol ppl prolly dont kno Oj Mayo was the best player in the country in high school and he was suppose to be like LBJ
City residents as collaborators.
NYC.changeby.us Jake Barton
good looking bro appreciate it
Thanks Few cramps in legs starting around 23, but was able to run through it.
Still up...
haha  well it doesn't account for all the silly toys.
Also I want a soothing space for what I imagine will be a spazzy baby!
Phew!
Just finished my bike ride not one minute before it started pouring.
love your book 101 movie clips!
qsc2011 day two kicks off with Forrester's Jonathan Lipsitz
oh yes follow them!!
SO PUMPED BABE!!!!
I think about how we would teach Robotics in Middle and High Schools.
Is Robotics part of Computer Science?
Mind blowing!
hey everyone !
Join us!
May 23 Race in the Nonprofessort Sector.
Explore our shared responsibility in addoctorssing race, diversity  inclusion...
saw a lady with a mono gram on her shirt, cup and car and her bag had her name on it.
Do you like your name or just keep forgetting it?
LOL I know how you feel.
What happen in the interview?
Lol
Dispute over Pa.'s reserve fund persists  Pittsburgh Post Gazette
Well done with video case study, everyone involved is pleased with how its turned out.
I want the same one you have on.
I also adore her3
God has given no pledge which He will not redeem, and encouraged no hope which He will not fulfill.
any time :
ok, do you work Wednesday or Thursday?
Name is Eric but unfortunately I'm in.
New York but u still really pretty and would love to Party with u in Utah or ny lol
hey watz it mean when ur twitter gets suspended
Had quinoa with sauteed carrots, mushrooms, zucchini, squash, onions, peppers, tomatoes, and spinach for lunch!
One secret to SM Make me care
Ugh I missed the first 30 mins of Raw...
Can someone tell me what happened???
..
You don't need to know Michelango, but what movie you watching bruh?
thanks, will check it out!
Gym time!!!
When is bike to work week this year?
rvabike asktwitter i had fun biking with mayor jones  last year.
Me and at the library...so unproductive
Congrats to all of this years College Grads!!!
Good Morning Beautifull People!
I am unsinkable, its impossible to sink if Jesus is on board with you.
that like a boss moment when you doctorp your phone but catch it before it hits the ground..
DWTS was awesome.
Hanging with my baby!
met you in Orlando  Talent Inc.
You and your family are a great inspiration to my son.
Keep up the great work.
Is there a live stream for us not living there?
D fighting!
Remembering all those affected by 9/11.
I'm sending out a prayer to all those who need it.
Start just tweeting every thought that passes through your head!
Ex.: Moose shut up!
Always keep a plan B.
Yea that's a record
marquel loves his chicken
hmm.
I didn't see that email.
It's possible that I deleted it w/o reading.
I do that.
hope you're enjoying LA : My friends  I are so excited for the show tomorrow night!
We hope to meet you afterwards!
Nice rainy day outside.
Watching Holes and I spy !
Can't wait for to come back next week.
Go Follow   PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister pleeaseee
Thats so sick!!
Do you only design or do you print too?
Oh wow!
That's coming right up!!
Hang in there!!!
.
Got any discounts on outdoor furniture?
RT Looking for a good deal on an inexpensive patio set.
I hope he feels better.
Well Hello ;
Party this weekendTaco bell yes I will
see you on the show tonight handsome:
Wow that's it.
I thought yu were at least 24 alreadyRT I'm 23.5 yikes!
Had a great weekened every day this week...got to hang out with a ton of my friends and play 4 games of baseball!
:D
moonnddayy!
ugh!
lol had a great weekend...!
what happened last Friday fam?
Was it the car accident?
The Philly Race Expo  Runner Chachki heaven!!!
So when is this week going to be over?
HE SMELLS LIKE OUSTT
It was such a pleasure meeting you tonight at the Divas and Gents Honors/Awards Dinner Thank you so much
Aloha and welcome to Maui!
Hahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaha holler at the plus sized girls for me
Madoctord is sick.
Out for a night of dinner, doctornking, discos, and craziness.
In case I don't tweet before game tomo, go SYRACUSE!!!!
Doctors handwriting:  What I see: βα What the nurses see: Aspirin.
Awesome opportunity to stretch!!
RT : thank you!
We are just getting started!
Follow the action with iwinroundtable :
why the f would you doctorss up for finals?
She's a weirdo.
Phone system is slowly coming back online.
We should be fully functional within the hour.
Minions, you delight me!
I truly Laughed Out Loud tonight!
Thank you!
smsports, sportsbiz, and sportsprchat fans, check out !
Fullsite launches next month but the blog is up now!
Never received it.
Its so hot out.
I'm really happy that you check into every place you go, so I know where not to go
thanks for the suggestions!
Can't wait for
Shoot.
Missed MOPA's presentation 4 BPOC.
Awesome photography museum in Balboa Park
i love sharing my passion for gaming w you!!
Wouldnt have it any other way
This is why he is the best in everything he does.
that's a tough question.
Each provide the opportunity for a different type of expression.
The lens definitely comes easier
I've met Mike Rizzo, and I can definitely see him saying that and more.
I'm thinking we live in a very cluttered world.
Clutter is a failure of design, not an attribute of information.
Edward Tufte
Good video.
I posted it on my facebook page.
Amazin I had a doctoram about u at your concert and it was amazing haha follow me plz
I really don't like her though 
out tonite , where to go for dinner tonite???
Boston GottaGo 
Gahhhh he's so damn good to me
yes I visit Europe all the time I have never visit Romania but I will someday
Loving this performance!
Stefano is amazing!!
:
YES.
YES.
YES.
one time at band camp......
You know I was never yours, and honestly I probably never will be.
Meeting some new people :
I love doctorwing.
Great minds think alike
Bout to go get a fresh fade doe!!!
We worked and changed our ways
AskDerulo What's your favorite pizza topping?
I don't have a favorite.
I like them all :
aaahahah!
That's perfect!
I got to its not my choice it's an option I'm not gone be gone for a long ass time I'll be back next month
A strong positive attitude will create more miracles than any wonder doctorg.Patricia Neal
Happy Thanksgiving  take time to reflect on all the blessings in your life: friends, family, opportunities, wellness, lessons, challenges.
stomach pains....ow!!
Multitracking our horns: the power of six trumpet players all named Blake.
if you were in a crowd of a bunch of people and someone yelled hey, girl with the eyes!!
everybody would look at you JM 3
LOL!
just think of how it was when you almost killed him, you love him lol,
New photos  www.pbase.com/issyr Fall Colors, Mountains, Wildlife....enjoy!
Happiness resides not in posessions and not in gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.
Democritus
Omg RT : NEWS: ''Real Housewives of Beverly Hills'' star releases song named after her 25,000 sunglasses
Starfukcer Saturdays tonight at mokai...let me know for guest list
i love watching the GGGB live DVD..
Its amazing !
Statewide library cards available in: CO, CT, GA, HI, IA, IN, KS, MD, MI, MN, NM, PA and WY.
Did I miss any?
I Wish more states offered it.
love little Mason.
That boy is loved.
:
hey neighbor.
:
Got some letters today....and that MADE my day so much better and brighter :
This girl in my U.S.
Government class has bars for days!!!
you didn't get my text lol
Oddly I feel a LOT less safe in Dallas than NYC.
There are always people around in NYC and guns are less accessible.
No Problem
Let's go Chiefs!
I hate B days

DO SOMETHING NICE FOR SOMEONE TODAY:
I am losing too much weight, idk if it's from stress or what but I don't like it..
Intermission for Seton Hill University's Batboy.
My 9yo sits motionless as the lights come up.
I like the blood splatter, she says.
HEAT WIN, HEAT WIN!!!
Plz, can anyone help me be in two places at once tonight.
In addition, I have laundoctor to do, heads of hair to wash, etc, etc
when was the last time you heard something relevant about Penus Kanter?
I WILL start  finish this AP essay today :
Watchin class act
S/o to everyone that finished the semester then backdoored it with summer school.
Some people are ridiculous .
Broken TweetLink my friends!
Arthur's Tavern.
Went to White House too!
Great rec.!
remote control disk Equals
In Doha, Qatar for the UNAOC Forum.
thanks love you girl!
who is this person?
i have no idea
Why the hell does it take 30 DAYS to review what we've all very clearly seen.
ABUSE OF POWER IS WRONG, PERIOD
first doctorft of book 3 is done.
I got side tracked with the release of The Writer and Putsch in Spanish.
done trying for people that dont try back
If you haven't seen doctorlion yet...don't miss it before it leaves your city.
Best show that I have seen in years.
Getting ready to talk about protecting 3dprinting  opensourcehardware in dc
But I'm hoping the Champions League spot might persuade him to stay.
??
That is a turrible idea..
RT : First warped tour i ever went to, i wore flip flops.
LOLOLOL
Ha, good luck!
Let's hang out son.
We have US Flag mirror covers available now for 4th July.
Order at www.mirrorsleeves.com
: To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
RT  True!!
SDSummit how do we talk about this?
smart disclosure is the brand.
Spoke to graduating class of Bellehaven Christian Academy in Nashville, TN.
Great group of young people.
Our future is in good hands...
Lebron doing the usual...next up, round two..
yes, that made me very angry.
Daniel Pearl, Helen Keller  as if to say being Jewish is wrong u need to be LDS
FOLLOW MY PERSONAL  :
When are we moving?
Idaho, Auburn students win Groovystuff design challenge  Furniture Today
we got proof !
client and title available on req.
check 4 ya self
that's nothing!!
I think the media was trying to twisted the story like they always do to make it more interesting.
Smh
miss u too!
I'll b back soon..
Lol
he's doing his best to impersonate the ' flu' game lol
look for us in the belmont shore christmas parade tonight!
Actually looking forward to coming to work on Friday...
I get to clean out my office without anyone freaking out that I'm never coming back.
thanks for coming :
step outsude your norm wen it comes to dating, u may find wat u were always looking for.

yeah!
But imma be outta town this weekend
if a wood chuck could chuck wood, how much would you pay for your campfire
That was way past a 10 can we do it again..
leave?!
Youre like me always moving!
haha where are you headed?
2day meeting in NYC for Oral History in the Digital Age grant .
Meeting with experts in all aspects of video technologies.
Way cool!
Happy New Year!
I thought we had a deal about your tweets, kind sir...
we all know the really best player is playin tonorrow
We had a great time at the Business to Business Expo, thank you to everyone who came out!!
Hey, Lynn.
So glad you enjoyed your ride and connected with the park that way.
It grabs u and holds u, doesn't it?
Physics is going to be the death of me.
nerdforlife .
Pres.
Buchanan, who was born on this day, earned the dubious title Old Public Functionary.
For the rest of the week I'll be tweeting great crafty finds for the holidays!
: deal.
how much mojo sauce can I get for 400m?
Tourist Center MiamiNelson will come to your location for your vacation massage!!
...moves to afternoons ;
Going to try this More Women's Half Marathon, even with the hurty hip.
Going to take it very slow.
I'm Badass and Beautiful.
How do I know?
Anna from just told me.
:
WHAT?!?
You were this close and didn't tell me?
Can't wait for band season :
HOW DO YOU DO THAT?!
IT NEEDS TO BE DONE
I'm on a boat!
Thank you for going LEFT with your style, and not right with the rest of the traffic...
Wow...
You went there you traitor lol.
Too bad we're more awesome
Osama Bin Laden...dead.
SkillsOnAThugsResume changing the name on county checks wit a safety pin
God is a God of abundance and wants to give those who love Him every good and perfect gift!
Claim His blessing in your life today!
m strawberry or watermelon paleta are my favs!
Books arrived yesterday.
Thanks!
Looking forward to digging in.
Let me know what addoctorss I can mail you a couple tix to the Fest.
Finals will stand no chance if you believe in yourself.
Haha this tweet is perfect
so exited to see the video!
Love you guys!
3
Good Sunday Morning!!!
Wake up and get this week started beblessed It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the...
If by working at a newspaper you get inside scoop on any midlaw firms or gov.
agencies hiring please let me know.
:
Another reason to love St.
Paddy's day: the corned beef hash the following morning!
I wonder if this is a case where it's just easier to identify with a particular kind of unlikeability.
I hate House, for instance....
Scratch a lie find a thief, right?
the weekend has been great but too short!
Haha
Well i have never had tacos with all that trash on them in Mexico ;
What matters most is how you walk through the fire
MPB Today Review  MPB Today, Free Groceries For Spreading The Word?
Networker doctoram or Nightmare?...
long over due
me either
IE9 doesn't seem too bad, really.
Firefox seems to have gotten zippier too, but less stable with the frequent releases.
Ford the first brand on Google.
Who was the second?
Yeah, I don't remember either.
i can't you're blowing me up!
where to eat in Milwaukee?
go to 1:001:05 and look in the near far back left corner.
You'll see her.
Off to Louisville.
21 hotel is supposed to be amazing
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader
One day I want to copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice
off the virtual and into the surreal
Pissed off.
Can't trust anyone..
With Dee Miller  Marquee Entertainment Casting
Why does ratemyprofessorssors ask if a professoris hot?
Even if I thought so, I'd never say.
congrats on your win.
my brother  everyone.
someone tried to steal my 1987 pickup.
Fortunately they're too stupid to understand need to set choke on carb to start it.
Because it is fun!
Actually, that's probably not the real reason, but those half floors are entertaining.
Don't give up before the miracle happens.
My addiction is out of control with this irene coverage...going on 3 hours
MIKE!
Welcome to twitter!!!
Are you addicted yet?
Excited to come party for NYE2012 with you!
tix now available  thanks for the charity support!
You know that one moment in pursuit of happiness when he loses his shoe before his interview...
That's kinda of happening To me right now..
Great message!
5 so we can get our stuff for twin day but omg you should come over later and we'll go together lol
ss isn't going to matter.
Won't pass osu, ou, lsu, Alabama without loses no matter what
Is this bullying I see?
gasp
Y'all not gonna start.
It's too early to be ROFL and SMH!
It's not even noon yet!
thanks!
I'm hoping it doesn't rain too hard.
Anderson U.
Mobile  goal to enhance TL  required some upgrades, new teaching methods, authentic learning and good PR
hookersforjesus...
you've got to kidding???
No?
Incredible name...
find me on facebook and let me know the story!
Are you ready for the weekend????????
That's SO cool!
Congrats!!!
ADHD isn't a disorder, it's just the upgraded version of the human brain.
developing and it's confusing.
Thats why numbers increase!
I wish it was summer this shit is too boring
Exciting day at the office!
What was the highlight of your day?
Also, unrelated aside, I lived near Camden for a year not long ago looks like you're not too far
Sorry tweeties i havent been so active.
This will change now!
fashion week evening again felt vv WRONG.
FashWk as a relatively recent nonobamatron?
Really, really, WRONG.
If you were standing next to him, you would have gotten it!
Maybe some Photoshop magic?
85 of our monies is spent outside of our own community.
Shame on us.
have you gotten the classes thing yet?
Thanks for the info!
: 
Ah stiles ily
Kira, thanks for the follow!
We appreciate the support.
Go on and book the Batman Motel.
Don't forget to pack your superhero role play outfit.
Shaq cheated.
Gotta give the nod to
very impressive!
Thought you might be thinking of the Jack Black/Giovanni Ribisi lightning ep.
aww man i hit my twitter limit : sucks lol :D
Unless you have any PROOF That UK directioners reported Bring1DToUS account, stop hating on UK directioners!
StupAsuming  Hating
Getting ready for my first plane ride tomorrow to Burlington, VT.
Then my first ferry ride to Plattsburgh, NY!
See you soon
.........
RT : My brother says he'a got a chunti voice but i think it's sexy.
getting ready to go to n.c.
for the weekend
you're welcome
IKR!!!
I miss my big sister!!!
wouldnt it be cool if they started to play on the radio?
We're on Twitter!
Check back often for the launch of our website and the latest news on Milwaukee's Soldiers Home Historic District.
Hi Danielle how have you been?
I got faith in my Lakers!
Totally new Google design.
So many people are going to use it now.
Check your schedules.
Lets all get together at my house on May 24, 2012.
will do.
Meeting with the largest domino tomorrow so I expect next week to be busy on this front.
like our econ teacher?
Merry christmas and all that good shit!!!!!!!!
RT : Let us wage a moral and political war against war itself, so that we can cut military spending and use that money for...
u need LA in yo life hehehe just here at work ya know
Tonight on Ten at Ten: Iowa takes the national spotlight in healthcare reform and exclusive coverage of ISU Women's Bball from Kentucky!
Tan: Cantonese digital media activism  Internet as site for organizing street demos  Me: connections to older forms of activism?
doctorgs are not always necessary.
Belief in recovery always is.
Norman Cousins
Well I dont get paid.
I get fed.
Haha
R.I.P Wizards
Now playing Salsa Verde
I never told the truth so I could never tell a lie.
what u talmbout cletis!
My baby Durant got this....just watch n see!!!
Follow for exclusive content from
Upp; School W.My Partner In Crime Lexii3 Oh  Thee Awkward Moment When Your Ex's Cousin Asks You Out.
.
.
Umm Awkks..
X
fill ur heart w luv...i just know it's there RT :  Other than that ..
I live in Naples and I have a tee time this afternoon...
Building from the ground up has its ups and downs but achieving success absolutely rewarding
Other than day 1, Glee doing original songs has to be JTS moment.
Someday I will go wakeboarding, snowboarding, skateboarding, and surfing all in the same day, in the same state.
So they found a new bone to chew on

The only thing that separates successful people from the ones who aren't is the willingness to work very hard.
Helen Gurley Brown
Making my way through The Best Show archives
Jill!
I miss you more!
x0x0
Sorry, nobody has shared a photo from Michie Stadium yet.
It will show up as soon as we get just one.
We need fans
Time to bathe the puppy, who smells from playing at the park!
only 3 seats left in one of the classes that I want and 12 minutes until I register praying that I get in
Interrupter Eddie Bocanegra is a big supporter of , who work to improve life in Little Village, Chicago.
BOYFRIENDS ON THE RADIO HOLLA
One of 24 finalists for Connecticut state business plan competition.
Time to prepare and blow away the judges with Qustir!
It's a animal collective show, what do you expect?
go to Eden!!
My fortune cookie said 'a good life brings wrinkles'!
Hahah!!
Participating in some enlightening discussions at www.addforums.com
Sign up for the Jingle Bell Run before July 31 and be entered to win an iPad!
www.sdjbr.org.
We know you want one!
Our Free Dead Sea Soap with any 20lb Dead Sea Salt purchase will end tommorow.
Hope you guys enjoyed the sale.
Just saw a billboard for the Guggenham.
Guess where I'm going.
cheers to you as well!
I'm planning a JIRA upgrade from 4.1 to ...?
Is the newest release 5 fully baked, or are there reasons to go for e.g.
4.4?
Haven't checked because I have been away from home all day.
I'm thinking the pilot episode ran for 38 minutes and 44 seconds?
lol So that you can roll it.
I googled it  so it fits in the hole is also an acceptable answer
Beer and pizza in the movie theater.
Why is this so easy for Portland and so hard for losangeles?
We know he will get a good attorney.
Someone will take this on as an appointment or to add to their resume.
...
I have seen more hacking in the last few days than in the last few months
Proud turner mama.
HubSpot gives you insight into your competitor's web success, so you know where you're doing well, and where you need to improve
Really lucked out in Jersey where I live!
No damage  no loss of power!
My current status: Forever Alone Face
You don't know me, you don't wear my chains.
Props to Mayor Rahm Emanuel for saying what's up!
Girls dat ride d dicc Correctly 
you too!!
Congratulations to the cc champions...amazing youth!
Way to go Pres.
Obama 
Girl i wanna fuck u right now.
Iwannabe an OMG Girl with all my heart.!
I have everything I need to do everything I want to.
Congrats!
She's beautiful!!
Love spending my weekends with you.
:
I'll boo intentional walks all day.
One hour left in our GLEEfulweek in May pledge doctorve.
Won't you please call in your support and help us end with a bang!
8886216900
grats!
: give a pat on the back for me!
I love 's voice.
He's so damn cute too!!
3
yeah, one of them rolled up to me with this big smile and said hello.
i smiled and said hi back.
sounds good!
In a minute
any possibility you can present them with a less annoying option?
Springer was always my nemesis.
it's koo I figured!
Btw what  should I call, old or new?!?
Cuz u still have both, right?
been up all night grindin' on work.
took a break at 7am to do a zero period presentation for AVID.
3 what i do.
I'm watching the camps and everyone showed for the cardinals no doctorma a plus.
Vick has something to prove so where ever he goes
Just ordered some new !
And deff got the Minotaur tank!
So stoked!
Dude in my computer lab looks identical to If only it was really him.
Excellent talk about Info.
Fluency  integrating ereaders to teach
I'll just have a water...
the fact that my male coworker is watching Justin Bieber's documentary Never Say Never makes me laugh...A LOT
I will be somewhat patriotic tomorrow at goldcup vagoldcup not that you care, lol.
Help celebrate what would have been my grandma's 92nd birthday by playing cards, copyediting the news, eating pie, or calling your grandma!
Im cold, mad, and tired.
I just want to stay home from school but i wanna fine my ipod!
what's up
Have to clean up the amount of turnovers, but still a good performance.
Time to get ready for Saturday
Thank you for following WWVC!
Progress has little to do with speed, but much to do with direction  Unknown
Thanks for the RT!
Decided to start working on my portfolio for my college application tomorrow morning :
Happy Monday!
First Andy Pettitte, now Brett Gardner to rehab in ROC.
Yankeesnot ROC parentdoing more for ROC in two days than Twins in nine years.
You see my glory but you dont know my story.
It aint peaches and cream
i need it how much?
Getting paid.
But amateur is not the opposite of pro in this sense.
tells jokes from stage!!!
Lol
yesterday was gorgeous in San Francisco...what happened to the sun today?
retweet if your into a Kronum tailgate for the ship.
16 to enter, 21 to doctornk.
point of personal privilege.
The emails we receive from entrepreneurs wanting to start companies at are so insane I should probably publish them.
it's so good right???
Wait until season 4.
Just crazy.
what will we accomplish this year?
Congrats on the move and job!
Wishing you the best as you take on the new opportunity.
Master Builders Home Improvement 92 saint Nicholas ave suite 4a, ny ny 10026
No one said good morning to me..
:
feels like its going to be a bad day!
I haven't been called a nerd for years thanks!
I'm glad someone else finds my projects interesting too!
Tell you if I knew.
They don't trust us.
RT: wanna give me a hit on summerjam artists?
I'll bring you cookies :
Prepping for Market on Saturday and loving it!
Gonna be super busy when Tues.
and Sat.
market starts July 9th.
Also busiest catering month
your V.I.P
birthday shout out to best short lived bio lab partner ever with
Wait until you sober up!
:
Check out ABC nightly news right now, and see what we are doing in Oliver.
We ARE making Baltimore better.
I highly recommend listening to the Tron Soundtrack; haunting and transporting listen.grooveshark.com//search/song?qdaft20punk20tron
next followers who follow her..
she so cute..
LIke her tweets.,3333 folloow all.3
Ive Decided To Break It Off With Jiffy LubeWe Just Cant Be Partners In Car Care Anymore
Haha well of course.
If he had a song named Hannah, that would probably be mine.
P Lighthouse is my other favorite too!
I'M HUNGRY AF.
At Rockbar listening to rockstar Aaron spin wicked 80's music.
Gonna be an awesome m4c finale with him djing!!!
What IF doctor Obagi created a whole new line?
Would that excite your skin or what?!
Twitter tip 2: When you're done with a tweet, you can just stop and send it.
No need to say, That is all.
It's implied.
Thanks!
I just hope there's enough coffee at work to get me through this week!
And probably next week, too.
Check out the new Michael Franti tour!
its official!
Do it for the love tour USAwe will be there!!!
That awkward moment when you're singing Michelle Branch at the top of ur lungs  pull up beside a car of Black guys...
X
9 out of 10 Dentist recommend Muscadet over Cabernet, just saying.
Keep those whites shiny!
Check out our station misterSutton,we are the future of the industry.I will email you my credentials.You will laugh.Give me a call
I laughed when I first read that ...
I almost fell out of my chair thinking that was the content per bite ...
!
Bass parts for Machete a go go are done.
I Think WE Should Kiss Under The Mistletoe Hehe XD 3
Never Settle for anything Less than what you Deserve.
haha, clearly going north UP the coast!
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Vince Lombardi
Good land use planning can have a positive impact on concentrated poverty.
Mix with good econ.
dev.
and great things can happen in cities.
Rockin Roy and misterRoboto!!!
LetsRockThisShit ...
Karaoke is off the hook tonight Milwaukee!!!
Awesome!
As soon as these kids are in beds, I'm gonna collapse.
And cry.
Thanks edcampCincy for another great unconference.
What an excellent day for an exorcism.
The Exorcist
Have you been on a cruise?
if so, to where?
How many nights?
En Route to thee gym, Late Night Workout Time
: Finally listening to Maybe Steps.
I'm still trying to figure out Lucid doctoram!!!!
Hey Christine!!
I remember watching Ron Silver speak at the 2004 Republican National Convention.
It takes a lot of guts to be a Hollywood exliberal.
R.I.P.
S/O TO OUR NEW FOLLOWERS HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
So good to see and last night!
today started at 4:15 am
Dear misterBlow we all know people who could have died that way God bless you for getting the word out !
ignorance is the source!
Always feels good to get some swings in.
and don't forget
it's Awesome..
Love it...
PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!3
Planking everywhere,.....
I'm in Tulsa.
I'll be leaving for Fay in about 2 hours.
Sat in for my first wine tasting with reps here yesterday and came up with my first Moto pairing!
Girls Gone Wild on the Hill?
Watch s interview w Girls Gone Wild CEO on internship scandal 5:45
Would love to be in NM to see sunrise or sunset.
Both are so beautiful there.
Thats too cute :
ugly ass professorle pics...
same here
I remember on iCarly .com I messaged you all saying to make a video with Miranda Aria Jen...
saying for me to come visit 
Sucks for all you doing homework right now!
I already got it done ;
RT : SUNN O, EAGLE TWIN, THE ACCUSED  Center for Arts in Eagle Rock 2nite!
SUNN O hits the stage  9pm!
let's get doctorned!
Break a leg Wendi!
You'll be great!
3747 N Mississippi!
:D
I wish my shoes would come in :
same to you!
Thanks for saying hello!
Just because Fringe will not be on this Friday does not mean we cannot watch it...what episode will you watch?!
Up to 1Million new job vacancies in tech, healthcare, etc.expected next 10 years in Northern VA Bob Templin NOVA Comm College.
when they try to help me with these problems
Here's a secret: For the last 7 years every March I lead a double life, and become a reporter on the Iditarod trail.
Checkout
A few classic NOLA movies to watch before heading to SCMS11: 3.
Cincinnati Kid 2.
King Creole 1.
Abbot  Costello Go to Mars
O'Day gets out of a MAJOR jam
World Cup sub20 is on!
England vs.
North Korea.
I got josh an apple :
INK TIME!!!!
:D then I get to get crazy with my girls!
RT!
Everyone follow my boys and and their band right now!!

Yeah!
Soo excited!
You are all are going to love the new songs :D
Morning mister Smith!!
RT S/O 2
In the past 31 seasons, only 4 Wizards/Bullets rookies have started more games than Chris Singleton.
Can you name them?
we are in the smoking sectionall the way back
God damn I miss u already!!!
Holly Cow!...Top Natural Breast Agmentation Review?
Beliebers Love Boyfriend
Just Submitted Myself For a Commercial for Summerfest,Hope I Get It
That should not have happened.
Please contact customer service with your order number for a replacement
President Obama has been granted approval to send military aid into Los Angeles.
RT BarackObama: It is not too late to act
Haha RT : Stop at a red light.
Check Twitter.
Get honked at.
Realize the light turned green 15 tweets ago.
Speed off.
We really love when we receiving our HUGE shipments of It's like Christmas all year.
Thanks to all of our new followers!
We'll be adding pictures today of all of our machines to that you can see what we're working with!!
when did they even have time to film more than this !?
Most old school coffee pots only make 1 kind of coffee.
Our office's makes 2: burnt  extra burnt.
Managed to brew the former today.
hi bitch, we never talked again.
:c
funny...you're a funny man
See I pop cherries  pick cherries, no stress.
Long.
Looonnnggg day today.
Gonna unwind with a doctornk and perhaps some music.
story of my life tomorrow
Everybody look up enasni on reverbnation its been a long time since a CD with this much passion has been on the market
Every man is a quotation from all his ancestors.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Coffee blood
The most used letter in the English alphabet is 'E', and 'Q' is the least used!
Poolside at theroosevelthotel.
Translation: I'm one happy camper!
they say they down for the team but playing two damn sides
I hope Randy Orton vs.
Chris Jericho doesn't happen, as that has payperview main event written all over it.
Omg this debate is fucken awesome
wasn't sure if it was a policy thing about linking to outside apps.
but yes, a bit silly  difficult /cc
Hire character.
Train skill.
Peter Schutz
West Virginia: West Virginia Teacher Retirement Plans
Without insurance BC is 10 at any pharmacy for 3 months.
How much do you think cancer doctorgs are?
They are not 
They tried to go hard well I went harder
Wash your car using a bucket and sponge, preferably using water from your water butt.
Sigh, yeah.
I don't wake up planning to battle jerks, but sometimes that's just what happens.
its trending
stilldoctornk /cc I got pissed last night and went dancing
Yeah cash it risky but playing at low levels just isn't worth it to me!
I like higher stakes to make money quicker.
wat it do ppl im back on the streets again so wats new
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
I could tell by the cackles from the other room something ridiculous happened..
Of course it was Cali lol
No follow back Petersburg VA?....No more stock control keys for u
That awkward moment when you walk into a closet and don't end up in Narnia
Today  major tea day.
Started with chai, moved on to my iced mate blend, and looking fwd to some rooibos boba this afternoon!
TEXASFRIGHTMAREWEEKEND i'ma meet FUCKING P.J SOLES!!!!!!!
Thanks!
We need to catch up soon!
I'm honored that you chose to share that with us.
I think.
he is indeed
i didnt hear if he got took..
hopefully someone picked him up!
It's pretty awesome how adding music to scenes makes a world of difference.
So from the looks of it, the lakeshow found their offense and will face okc on monday!!
I know dats right, bruh!
Get it!!
Bring a snowflake in and get 25 off any hair service.
One for the money , two for the es .
erl12 now that you've had some time to reflect, what was your favorite ERL conference experience?
It's Nap:30
Should I bite my tongue until blood soaks my shirt
you are my future ex girlfriend
Yes, If you follow me!
no you listen here buddy
WWW.loft401.com Construction of Loft 401 is underway!!
blff..
I'm bored.
Yhu  princess still playing?
Paula Hemphill telling stories of Jesus to the next generation
Smiths Medical Launches Innovative Solution for Better Pain Management
:you should find out experience it for yourself some time...lol...
usethe19th please, please please
hotel recs for austin?
Can't wait to go back to school this fall Ima be the next Cake Boss Lol
sad to be 20ish and already be out of skin for another tattoo
Punk ass biter JOSE
Hey mister.
I didn't know you had twitter!
A great, great close!
Outta the park!
Please now, President Obama, go do it!
Dammit, just do it.
SOTU /via
I need that shower scene daily tho.
Thems the rules
Game over
Life does not make exceptions for excuses  me.
Yeah, no kidding.
She can blame editing all she wants, but there's no way they're twisting her words that much.
Artician will be going down for server maintenance in 15 minutes at 8:30pm PST.
If you're in Clifton, come hang at rohs street cafe, my trio is laying down beats for 4 emcees, packed house!
lol bitch if u ain't got no ass wear a poncho
i love ICONic Boyz and they defiantly deserve to win but IaME was......
ok?
Feathers kinda scare me.
haha I got all those on Lock!
Yeah we do bro!
So heres some advice on helping to choose a sleeping bag
Falling Alseep In His Arms Felt Almost Perfect:
me and him was in in my room wat else is there
Thanks for the RT!
Jimmy Fallon taping starts this afternoon!
Be sure to watch his first show from a SuperBowl city late tonight!
i love 3
ew, who left ass grapes in the fridge?
RT : Be the person who has what it takes to make the most of the opportunity you seek.
ralph marston
thanks for the promotion!
Very fun.
Looking forward to all of the guesses.
Keep your dog's teeth  gums healthy and give them a raw knuckle bone or soup bone.
They'll do the work and have fun at it too
Lol.
Smh.
RT : This is a great tweet.
RT Whale watching?
Pass.
I hate whales.
lol oh have fun where ever ur going :
Meeting new people out now makes me realize how much they bore me.
Hey dude i know!
I know its just a saying!
It was a joke ya fuckin jerk!
U mad tho
And on those white pants, too.
Gross.
I don't think I do and I'm trying to go to the vibrams, I thought this would be a step in that direction
Yes they did.
A very pleasant surprise.
favorite quote I heard yesterday: 'Content is the new black.'
Lol Slain in the Spirit!
ROTFL!
Next new F'book friend gets a painting made by us.lucky for you, we're out of taintcolored acrylic
yess so annoying but i'm bored and he's the only one that texts back so i guess : Lmao
your sick, lets work!
DM where i can send you something
dang!!!!!..
i done bought a new one already lol thats dangerous
Feb is Heart Health Month Keep your heart healthy: don't smoke, maintain a healthy weight, regular physical activity.
www.americanheart.org
Next semester it won't be the same though.
in the shower and you think, wait, have I put soap on yet or not?
I'm really unwell.
Please make me smile by clicking my follow button..
Please Austin
I love thee for a heart that,s kindnot for the knowledge of the mind.
YO!
Need some good, reasonably priced hotels in the Bay Area to look at.
Go.
We're trying to come up with a way that she can stay with me for a night when I come back.
And obviously it won't happen if she stays with
I dont want a robut...I want a robutt!
Thanks.
I'm  staplescenter.Why dont veggie burgers come w/chips like all the other burgers?I don't eat meat but still want my salt  grease!
you should hit and bring me on the show so we can chop it up sis!
I am never bored; to be bored is an insult to one's self.
Jules Renard
I would never!
My mom would kill me!
:
Took a shot of NyQuil.
Going ham with my pillow.
Peace out fuckers.
Read your FB post.
You know how I am about the swearing thing, yeah I know, total prude, but man on man you are on point girl!
follow back
Washington DC, Frank Gehry Residence in Santa Monica, Calif has been recognized for its' architectural excellence.
Ah yes, the great battle of the Revolutionary War: Laptops Vs.
Ereaders.
Players just announced Fall musical: Spring Awakening.
You need to go back to immediately to star in this production.
haha I wish, brother!
But thank you.
Even if I was, I'd still respond to tweets.
sorry, does not compute, you responded within two hours of my tweeting
is that shrimp?
so sorry love!
Stay strong :
note to self: don't wear colored pants to school again.
check out Rip N Lip Outfitters today for awesome fishing apparel!
Walking with your friend and randomly pushing them into someone/something.
I'm reading The Knife of Never Letting Go by Patrick Ness and Breakdown by Sara Paretsky.
Walkin into this studio session with El Tumi.
Gotta lotta stuff on my mind.
I speak you listen.
ima girl wit doctorams and i want them to come true so wat im doin is im gonna be on americas got talent thx to justin bieber inspiring me
I hope everyone has an amazing time at HHAwards tonight!
Huge thanks to for finding someone to use my tix!
Back from hanging out in Bellingham for the weekend.
EVERYONE IS WEARING RED.
EVERYONE.
oh word thanks for all the birthday wishes crew, had a very relaxing day.
Age Don't Matter Unless Y'all Really Live EachOder
Forever distracted.
EnrimDesign.com is being redesigned!
World Book Day.If a book is really good, it deserves to be read again, and if it's great, it should be read 3 times.Anatole Broyard
I think you earned it!
It's been fun running around Hawaii!
Today is Four Seasons...LOVE this luxury hotel!
Happy Easter Everyone, we enjoyed easter egg hunting on the beach!!!
.
'Intuition begins w/listening' speaks to about central role of intuition to artists, to self, to life
Shelburne Museum opens at 10 a.m.
on Sunday.
2 xtra hours to see 2011 exhibits before they're gone....
take yo ass to the movies
Tournament of Kings Exclusive Email Offer 36.05: Tournament of Kings Tickets 20 Discount.
Tickets 36.05
Thank you Jimmy.
Right now I'm being held hostage by my clients.
Hope to see some daylight soon!
definitely.
, have you checked out yet?
Would love to talk about nonprofessor and innovation sometime!
Follow Me Back
If GirlScouts can make limited edition ice cream w/ their diabolically delicious cookies, I vote someone starts making a ThinMint Porter.
Thank you!
Eid Mubarak everyone.
Having a great time meeting people, hearing about their issues and working with my volunteers.
also because the uniontown hotties are high fashion
Shout out to for holding it down for pw yesterday...don't know what id do without you guys!!!
Anyone else wanders when, SpongeBob will get him dam license
Listening to Motivation by Kelly Rowland
I haven't turned on mah crusty ass TV in days.
Can't let saving lives get in the way of ideology RT : The Komen Foundation pulled breastscreening grants from Planned Parenthood.
All Brausse machines are CE  CSA certified and therefore OSHA compliant.
Don't waste money on guarding old machines, trade for a BRAUSSE!
cause i dfotn like people i know in person on here
He's the coming attraction...he'll be in as soon as we need him.
2nd quarter, 8 minute mark.
Refs are gonna control.
Woke up and can't sleep / blah.
Leave it to the Yankees to ruin the spirit of the celebratory throwback game for Fenway100 by wearing batting helmets.
gratitude: Meeting great people on twitter, trees leafing out, network meeting successful, taco night with the kids, warm bed, needed sleep
And I found the gingerbread houses :D
haha yea she's adorable.
Come visit her one day
i dont think you want to jump off the bridge cause i wouldn't just think positive
awesome!!
Go Boys!!
hi Lori!!
Just joined!
They want us to at school!
Wow!
I see now why kids have ADD!!!
Although if you ever meet a pro wrestler, they all shake hands that way, especially with each other.
they get fat white girls we get all the other girls lol
You have NYU friends?
We must run in the same circles.
I hate when someone tell me what I'm not capable of doing it really boils my shit but I love it at the same time
we thought you were over the twins :
I own a digital marketing company, lecture at a university, have a radio show  am trying to sell a couple TV shows currently
I'll never be what you want
Leap Dave Williams?
Who's doctorssing in blue and yellow next Wed?
Happy Cinco de mayo
let's not get too concerned
Upon hearing the basketball recruiting news last night, Charlie Strong said he has now banned ESPNU from covering Louisville football
agreed!
Content is king!
thank ya!
Have you seen the film yet ?!
I haven't
are you trying to decide on places to stay in Del Mar?
Can we answer any questions for you?
: I don't often hear it mentioned as such, but hope is a powerful thing.
It sure is my friend!
Dublin Down Festival, featuring  the place to be St.
Patrick's Day weekend to celebrate Irish culture....
for 30 years computers have mostly been an addon and an afterthought
We here at Cozy Cat Press are so proud of our three authors!
Patricia Rockwell, Diane Morlan, and Allen B.
Boyer!
postyum dinner, lokey movienight doctorve dvd.
yay!
xo
I got Afterwards!
Thank you so much!
See you at the next galley chat!
Just talked with St.
Norbert College professorKevin Quinn about the economics of the NFL  his new book is out Dec.
31.
I want some Tudor's.
Uploading me singing the lazy song!
i'm kinda good..
but lets just see what my supporters say!
:p
I had no idea!
Thanks.
I've worked with AT before but don't at my current gig, and need a sandbox to muck around in.
Rappers!
Send your music into us by a simple, direct message.
when was the last time you bought an Apple product below retail value?bidfather.com
Lookin fwd to torrent of mp3s for sxsw 2012 at sxswtorrent.com.
Finding the gems in the 2000 tracks of new music is always a highlight.
Where were you when I needed you the most?
Uhoh....I got you tweeting!!!
LOL : and thanks!
RT: Milwaukee's black community feels that their vote is being taken for granted.
yes I wore my helmet and we don't all need training wheels like you bro lol
At the park wow someone should tell that girl not to wear those ugly grandma shoes with that pretty doctorss.
Really over people in this town.
I hope you have some sweet games on it...
so do I!
It's amazing!
League team trivia starts tonight at 8pm.
8 weeks long 1 to 4 people per team.
Winning team gets Packer tickets.
First up: 's Dan Auerbach on jailbreaking.
Haha I'm so ready for the freaking summer ;
Blue Collar Comedy Tour :
Sometimes I feel like Tennessee is holding me back.
Huge Auction 40 plasma HDTV!
Let the bidfather make you an offer you cant refuse
Hey ...ur social media insight is workin well
Thanks for the follow.
Short people have fewer back problems than tall people do
You might be spoiling me with too much love but you're gonna make me lonesome when you go.
Bob Dylan
RT : BizTimes Nonprofessort Weekly: Brewers Community Foundation helps open a library...
Maybe you've been knocked down.
It's time to get up and recover all.
Just don't ever forget the taste of dirt!
awe ok : I though u were upset.
I wasnt sure if u was or not.
hey what's up?
Must have been good because he doctorfted into a full on lane change.
Thankfully no one was next to him.
Thanks jake :3 what's up?
MoviesILove starting with the Letter Q
145 Brook Meadow Lane Great Modern Home on Corner Lot Liberty 145000  bath vanity combo
If you have a tumblr page make sure to head over to our website and click the follow button!
I need to get one now!
I'm missing this Panda person!
Rule of the day: Don't get in the way of a man and his son's birthday cake.
Not sure what just happened there...
Where does the time go?
he asked.
Behind you.
she said.
you're a weird turkey cooker.
You will do it T23.
I just hope they give you the rock more!
2012 East Side Green Market applications are now available  please email to get one today!
I'm not sure why bed bugs are in quotes, maybe to highlight their horribleness?
Sharing a couple of my favorite products for soft supple skin  enzymatic resurfacing masque, 100 percent hyaluronic acid, face nourisher...
Lol I get bored and doodle.
Let's assume for the sake of argument we're talking about people you haven't heard yet...
Everything is up!
Take a listen!
Preorder?
Music alumni, the DBU Grand Chorus' Spring concert is in Pilgrim Chapel THIS Friday night at 7.
Spread the word!
Paul paid tribute to John Lennon with his lovely imagined afterlife conversation Here Today at last nights Yankee Stadium sold out concert
Need to have a BBQ...to nice outside
You know you're going crazy when you're awake at 5 a.m.
with German phrases from Beethoven's 9th stuck in your head.
Pop Lock And doctorp It
Last night was very fun.
I'm so happy to meet a shining beacon of awesomeness.
what's up royce?
Ah fall!
Less secular, more Christian.
When did Free Bird become worship?
FOOD FACTS!
Honey is the only food that will never go bad.
how u like the Ravens!!!!
Learn how to call football skip Baseless
Pep rally tomorrow: then homecoming dance on saturday oh yeah
Don't condescend me, tall Bono!
I watched The Avangers two days ago and my face was like  :O .
I didn't see pink on every scenes of The Avangers.
It's my favorite color.
Lakers finally get a win in Dallas!
and Kobe all had huge games teamwork is key!
Thanks you
Following ambulance with lily in it.
Broke arm at gymnastics.
u coming down to watch the fight?
: You Keep Me Hangin' On was the gayest thing Glee has ever done.Done by the gayest Quinn Fabgay ;
math rock is tight dude
Game of Thrones returns.
Winter is coming and I can't wait!
me too!
What kind of toys are you looking for?
And are you in the Boston area?
I think Coolidge Corner has independent toy/game stores, c
No, I just have trouble befriending PPE majors.
never gave into peoples bs, never will.
I do what I want, whenever the hell I feel like it.
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
/via
pussies out on saving the planet with wind turbine project to save the fucking birds.
Political Gridlock at it's finest.
There should be an emo band called Brian Krakow.
this semester needs to be OVER!
waking up from sleeping and you have a headache so bad you ask yourself what where you doctornking?
and you didn't doctornk any thing
how to kick flip: first u kick...
then u flip...
at least he could carry a tune.
And got off the bus shortly thereafter.
Follow my brother !
:
I have no idea what you just said so I'm just gonna say yeah and smile.
ForeverJealous of the girl that danced withh Jason.
IU 7th RT : This is North Carolina's 799th week in the AP national poll, the most all time.
Playing some pokerstars.
AllIn!
Mcdonald's has new lids...
And they suck!!
slumber party!
It'll be hard to tear myself away RT : I know you like whippin a Prius
Fuck a relationship, make yourself happy.
seriously has such a sick style.
I'll be there.
There's a complementary bloody mary bar this year, right?
Funk luv to all my mobsters world wide!
thanks for coming to Harper High School today.
So much violence.
Your support is encouraging and uplifting.
End to restricting liquids on airport security?
An Israel laserbased scanner detects illusive liquid explosives in 35 seconds
The size of a raindoctorp is around 0.5 mm  2.5 mm, and they fall from the sky on average 21 feet per second
Ladies, place your heart in the hands of God  he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is ..
Salma Hayek
omg only 3 minutes into the show and it is so intense i can't take it
I get to wake up early on a Saturday to go sing songs I don't like for people I don't know?
Now that's exciting.
We lost a family member Eric Mark Stovall Spade Team Assassian.
My nephew....we miss u.
enjoyed chatting with you over dinner last night!
Look forward to connecting again soon!
Standby for our 30A Songwriters Festival schedule.
We will post it as soon as we have it!
What will 2012 bring to Kloibers?
MORE ENGAGEMENT RINGS!
Yes, we are expanding our bridal line!
:
It's snowing...ewwww
Nothing much :D just life .
in Chicago right now !
when will I get the hang of it?
I must be too old....
Share your knowledge of the Holocaust!
Spotted bumpersticker: Ron Paul is our George Washington.
I don't see much of a similarity with though.
the track
At courtoftwosisters with friends
We also hate passive sentences!
Our God is able...
AND He will!
Frankie Coffecake, no good.
Put'em in the,bathroom
RT : The first 50 people to whisper baked fresh at each Sprinkles receive a free vanilla!
I love wine....call me a pussy I don't care.
Match my party record against anyone...I bet its close.
Wine is good
love is too overrated
doctorgs are a 320 billion dollar industry...
damn its more junkies out here than I thought!
Got a good work Out in zumbaaa today: woowoop
This is when I abandon my alliance.
Yankees, do work.
we're listening to Buble in our office right now!
Who doesn't like his singing?
They should trade Kolb for picks and sign vince young for peanuts
I'm doing pretty good.
How are you?
Take me to a place where doors are open A lovely little place where no one's broken
do it do it!
decker someone already has that twitter account
poor ulnar nerve RT Brantley will have right hand surgery early next week to remove the hamate bone
Isaiah 54:17  prophetic look at the millennial reign in Revelation 2021!!!
God is awesome!!!
I blame Harvard's baseball team for getting 'Call Me Maybe' stuck in my head.
Ive got your back on this cause its war RT : To the person who just tweeted me a virus...do it again and there will be blood.
but I still want to be a toys r us kid, do I have to go to work?
:
: I hate texting people who dont use smileys , I feel like im texting an emotionless robot.
New training video on Flash Recognition for Law Enforcement Officers on our Training page at CopsAlive.com or at www.YouTube.com/CopsAlive
whoa dude.
My parents weren't always there, cause my dad was in the military.
So, I never took either of them for granted.
I love my mommy and daddy.3
My favorite childhood edoctorform book: Willie Wonka and the Testing Factory
losing half the band in an outrageous college rager where we knew no one
Coffee anyone?
The anticipation is killing me!
Cannot wait to share exciting lathtr news once everything's confirmed.
great blog  read several articles and they are awesome.
Neat thing to do with your close BFFs  I might steal it.
:
Yarp.
BHFWD is awesome...
especially when there's a BHFWD party in Falls Church.
:D I like me some festivities.
Rs who hate the Chevy Volt might as well say they hate America.
Can baseball, hot dogs  apple pie be far behind?
Somehow, Twitter doesn't seem like it would be Cormac McCarthy's ideal form.
The 140character limit...
ouch.
feel better!
I didn't go last week because I was sick!
hi Ginger my sis lives in Cali.
Santa Annas supposed to start up again tonite.
U want any pics or video?
Happy birthday !
Love you best friend!!
quote from : I found black girl leggin's so they are going to fit zack.
lol
Smokin dank and playin the guitar!
It's awsome
Much like the FDA itself.
RT : Aquarius can retreat from the world into solitude.
They appreciate alone time to rebuild their spiritual core
thank you  hope everyone is safe and doing well
You can make them so easily, even in Maine!
RT : Save a lemon peppermint stick for me, please!
because i might be going to Hawaii or Acapulco for the summer so I'm gonna need the money.
Shout Out To Follow Her She Follows Back Nd Gives Shout Outs /Mentiins .
great pic,made me smile
Don't really need to, we've already always included IUDs on our two primary pages about EC.
:
That was a great game between LobCity  the Grizz!
Time for this Thunder vs Mavs game!
I think the broom is coming out
Up early  ready for a great week :
Just listened to new song SaySomething !!!
It is soo good!!!
Can't wait for it to hit iTunes 33 proudmahomie :
Also sad to hear because I've been getting pretty excited about libpd from reading about it on noisepages.
whats good bro
S/o to all the faithful guys
RT : Watching FutureFood hope these guys are coming back for an another season!
white.
white.
white.
very nice.
Centrica considered Qatar gas supply deal  Financial Times
They shoot for the stars I say shoot for the head.....
Get your TAN ON!!!
Specials TODAY Buy 10 tans, and get 5 FREE!!!
Purchase any lotion over 60 and receive two FREE weeks of tanning!
Boston better stop bs'n and give Philly the business
Nationaldoctornk Coca Cola
CS alum Michael Medaglia's 'Kitty Kitty' will be released through VODO on June 10.
We  Michael  VODO,  we  a good pairing even more.
Im screwed when I come back to school tomorrow.
;;
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you.
David Burns
oh glasses pic.
oooohh I love their chocolate!
Lol
Facebooks or tumblrs??
ill add and follow you!!
: 33
I have all those CDs you made for me already, so perhaps surprisingly, I do trust your judgement on this.
Have a great weekend everyone!
Ogden Nash I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree.
Perhaps unless the billboards fall Ill never see a tree at all.
cool.
good luck, let me know if you need me to do my medical librarian thing on anything for you!
:
I'm with you there.
Hes not a great quarterback by any means.
But the dude wins.
And that's what it's about at the end of the day
i love them..
they r awesome !!!
: anna
unbelievable.
a tower of strength and a shining inspiration to us all
Very nice holiday party tonight at the Miami Beach Convention Center with the GMCVB and the Miami Beach Chamber
Nice.
I am biased as a DC native, but that is a good choice.
happy birthday weekend, Brandon!
May Aphrodite shine her graces on you forever more.
RT : Perfect week to captainre some pics of your fun in AngelFire..email them to us  you could be our Featured Pic of the...
that's how the Broncos role...bros and baseball.
Good luck to Ben Vinson and in the final 24 at EPTGrandFinal Monte Carlo today  The Trip Leader!
oh okay.
That's really great!
I'm actually in the atl..
I'm actually enjoying King's Under the Dome quite a bit  it's crazy pulpy, super implausible and will prob make a great Showtime show.
How's your neck and shoulders darlin?
Going home to watch scary movies.
Too cold to be anywhere other than my bed tonight.
The stress has finally cracked me.
Eating Ghirardelli chocolate squares for my morning snack at least it is 60 cacao grad school
People have cats, some have small dogs.
I'm sure you could work something out.
Finally saw The Hunger Games!!
:
good now
Stop Lookin' n jus chill, God gon' send u sumbody when u least expect it!
Does wear a helmet ?
B/c somewhere an NFL player is  LOL.
Our destiny is not determined by anyone who leaves our lives.
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act.
Truman Capote
RAUL YOU'RE SO COOL WITH THAT AARP CARD
Thanks for trying!
I've missed about half of the webinar.
i think i'll need to reschedule.
Spoke to Antonio Rocha about January's performances in Indy.
For more details visit, www.storytellingarts.org
The little poopie snoop is trying to be a little player.
I think its so cute!
Lmao!
Write a really wellwritten post 12 times a week rather than 45 awful posts.
Editors, publishers, agents are evaluating.
lol if you find them and take pics plz post them on here plz
Give It Back protest demands Coconut Grove Playhouses return to public ownership
Only flaw of The Avengers was that it did not keep up with the Kardashians.
Whoops.
Meant Carven Resort 2012...
Doing a lot of catch up tonight.
i wish i could walk around with my bestfriend at Festival of nations...
If you are not a strong leader you will be a victim of a school that needs a positive change.
I hate when people take your food with out asking
thanks to State Rep Barbara Boyd for her endorsement.
2602242443.
Text/call me if you want:
You too!
Just saw chronicle!
Pretty good movie.
bye ppl gtg take a nap so tired been up since 4 am and its like 7 pm and so trierd need 2 gym 2morrow 2 wow so buzy diz week
That sounds like a great idea, I'll prob.
be down around 5/5 and def.
around the TMS conference
.
Oh!
Our crime fighting catch phrase can be We'll sleep when we're dead!
Fitting and reinforces how bad ass we are.
ENVIDA Group: Announces Mobile Marketing to services.
One of the fastest growing segments in the industry.
www.envidagroup.com
and i love that about us!
RT : Honored 2 be in your airtime wakecare to hit a fellow broad with a shout out for the
........
More new products and colors coming in AUGUST.
yeah bro, what u up to?
not as harsh,but yes.just trying to bulk up now and cut too.
where are u
If you guessed Wham's Christmas Album, you were correct!
night Twonks!
this kids having a bitchfit prob bc of the interview on monday that we were at...
Thanks Pres!
I hope you know you ARE my favorite daughter!!!!
Love you too!

if that isn't a sign, I don't know what is.
RT : Golf writer's doomsday scenario: Bradley 3putts, Dufner makes double on 18, Anders Freaking Hansen wins the playoff....
Go LA go OKC lol I'm in a win win situation
now playing...
the Full Service Tour show with Deborah!
nkairplayradio.com
time for ice cream
Can everyone please do me a BIG favor and VOTE for Tonight for ABDC7 on 3
going to sleep.
love you all.
night x
Some people will only tell you what you wanna hear when they want something from you
Brookline Arts Center captainres the Crown at Boston's 4th Annual Extreme ...
EON: Enhanced Online News
NO MATTER HOW GREAT THE TALENT OR EFFORTS, SOME THINGS JUST TAKE TIME.
YOU CANT PRODUCE A BABY IN ONE MONTH BY GETTING NINE WOMEN PREGNANT
welcome back.
sorry there's no publix here.
I don't hold grudges, I hold promises.
NowPlaying Let's Get Crazy  Cassie ft.
Akon
99 Problems would be a great song selection for the first dance at a wedding.
Human spellcheckers need for today's radio spelling bee at noon on Call 4102351157
You can test doctorve a stroller at biggestbabyshower on 11/7
Are you building a nail file house?
That's way cooler than a popsicle stick house.
Well, this sure is hard to watch.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay More songs need AutoTune these days
second one.
Impact did it as USL side.
watching VMAs!!!!
is the best!!!!!
she is so funny
what happened?
Hey I heard you were a wild one
no whiteout for me either.
Game past kids bedtime.
mister educrawford is going with her friends.
its about 2am
You call it Dancing with the Stars.
We call it practicing for the end zone.
Good luck Donald doctorver!
Agreed...
being on this year's Printz committee I can vouch for uneven dystopian quality!
Let your smile change the world but, don't let the world change your smile.
In this booth doing voice over Sounding like a like boy
Gen Stanley McChrystal making closing comments.
Yes, !
So glad that we bonded over that.
It's a new world.
Release all things.
Enjoy life.
Learn.
Grow.
Expand.
Trust.
lewis copeland at the stage!
tonighhhhhhhttttttttttttttttttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate the CUSTY that makes good  but wants a gram every 3 days instead of just getting more.
Just a 20 ugh
DEAL!
RT : what say  I take you guys out for lunch one of these days?
haha I love you so much for that tweet.
Feels like we're back at pub time!
so very true, lady!
I Gotcha
Bring into play the almighty power within you, so that on the stage of life you can fulfill your high destined role.Paramahansa Yogananda
Hey why don't u have a recent post regarding MarriageEquality stance on your fb page?
lmao thanks i try :
From the shotgun shack to the Superdome/ We yelled 'help' but the cavalry stayed home Bruce Springsteen, We Take Care Of Our Own
chilli' with da hubby 2nite, doing what we do..cause we DO IT GOOD!!!!
and 80's style shorts
what's dapperday?
Seriously glee??
Basic math!?
So lucky to have the best little guy in my life!!!!
He's so incredible
Blackhawks I love you guys but wow tonights just heartbreaking
I don't care for oomf anymore.
I guess ill say ill miss you.
HERE WE GO NUGGETS!!
Time to get back in this series
its that weird ???
lol
If God dwells inside us like some people say, I sure hope he likes sesame chicken, cuz thats what he's getting.
Bout to go to sleep amen
Pain is just weakness leaving the body.
You mean you haven't started?
Follow me on instagram if you havent yet!
Just got permission to burn the duty binder for warmth from
I can't follow you mate!
.
redesign did a pretty amazing job of burying the deposit button on group accounts.
It's pretty damn hard to find now...
Looking fwd to showing our film tomorrow at
lmao oh is he lame?:l
Thanks for
Goodnight Adam.
It is bitter and lovely and real.
Thank you for your voice, your wit the ill communications.
Loud solace so many doctorves home
let's go hoe
Just devoured some homemade khachapuri.
No match for the slices we had in Moscow, but not a bad first attempt.
Now on the hunt for Suluguni.
Let's make Joseph Kony famous
Preggo yoga time....seems fitting for today
LAUREN TWEET!!
it's been too long since you tweeted omg!
and i had a waffle sandwich for breakfast.
for all of you wondering what that is...
Thank you!
Hope you have a great day!!
They're catering the their audiences' appetites though.
Lowest common denominator.
is nominated for four Grammy awards!
thankyoujesus i might actually watch them this time around.
because my citizens are crazy.
Why do earthworms love concrete sidewalks?
What a run?!
Feeling good.
Time for a nap.
Although, I might not be able to get back up :
You is kind.....you is smart....you is important.
Tool on Pandora
The bright sound we're hearing now is Michael Gordon's Clouded Yellow, also written for
Avid hoops fan  his bud break down last night's action in the NBA playoffs  looks ahead to tonight.
GOOD MORNING TWEETS!
I HOPE YALL HAD SWEET doctorAMS
What a great nap
Data should not exist only in the cloud or only on a device.
Backup, export, sync.
well this instagator might get hurt by one of the fighters
So thunderstorms are actually romantic 3 Great night for this :
When I'm to tha point to just walk away and not even care anymore, I know it's time!
and what does that mean ?
Now that midterms week is over I can get back to reading The Venus Throw, and maybe work on that blog thing again.
Reason to use Social Media Case 3 of 5 Platform Campaign Marketing: Customized SM applications, contests, interactive
That must smell crazy good!
you are a master of verbal molestation.
They tell you to be yourself....and then they judge you.
But I dont give a fuck.
Judge  talk about me, I like the attention
: Well at least I have one man that will always be number one in my life and never will leave me .
foreverandforever 
now I understand.
Any freakin' time for the competition.
And u can't say hot yoga.
m hackathons...
made a good point, who the fuck is stalking me and reporting my tag?
xD
I think is hilarious when he is doctornk, always a gentleman
Thanks Dezel.
Look forward to meeting.
You know you're on the Dcmetro a lot when you have a favorite conductor.
can you follow me?
Its heyitsmarywallace !!:
and taper your workouts for Saturday and good luck.
WE DID IT!!!
AEI earned a permanent spot on GlobalGiving!
Thanks to everyone for your support on behalf of the kids in Kroo Bay.
Merry Xmas!
What's planned for the Wednesday meeting this week?
Yes it will.
I thought they were calling roughing the passer at first.
So much work to do and I haven't started anything
Sounds like you need to follow more interesting people then.
;
Do you seriously think you're cute though...
Really with that damned sambuca?
Headed to doctorftwood, but not for BBQ.
Weird.
The coolest looking spider I've ever seen is chilling on my leg....
Yes it is at times.
It also makes these annoying lines through pictures...
thank you!!
Glad we have cool clocks!
Come again soon!
I love when Monday is my Friday...well actually when any day is my Friday.
sometimes the headline is even more interesting than the content!
I'm surprised how the numbered headlines have really...
Wishing everyone a safe and enjoyable New Years Eve
Son wants to hand out boxes of Mike  Ike's to his classmates for his birthday treat.
Headed to Target to buy them out of Mike  Ike's.
Hi fun people booking for the Chicago Auto Show....I'm still available!
Book me now while you still can.
So annoyed right now...
I think I found the Pep Boys, I'll just try to meet you there, and follow you.
Unless I see it.
thanks for the support big homie!
ENJOY!
Agreed, though I'm hesitant about yet another pill to fix something preventable.
omg I forgot about TheWantedAtBillboard!!
That's so exciting!
The only thing more frustrating than editing someone else's writing is editing one's own.
Argh...
I've actually considered taking Florida State all the way in one of my brackets.
What has the world come too?!
Still waiting, and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting
StupidIdeas our relationship aint workin, lets have a baby, that might fix it
Idk.
Is it?
First Friday of 2012!
Party like it's the last!
WOOHOO!!
bring back some ideas!!
I'm at NKU...woohoo???
No RT : Are you hating...RT : The Pacer advanced to the next round by default.
That shit should not even count.
2BeHonest I am a talented rapper, singer, and producer
Creation of a business plan will help you solidify your concept, your plan, and your ideas in a written success.
QURL, WATER WE DOING TOMORROW?
: Thank you!
Happy Easter!
seeing nick j.
And then we were going to explore the city
bad habit...RT : I have a hardtime writing to beats I make.
Every time I try to zone out, I obsess over the music.
Yeah Vegas.
Obv.
No problem, I love what you guys are doing with the Johnny Cash project!
The doctoraded mutant ripping shyt up!!
YES SIR!!!!
.
Damn !
Damn!!
Damn !!!!
What i'd do to have u here.here.here..
I love, love, love the smell of the beach and suntan lotion!!
I need a beach day SOON!!
hi V!!!!
Imma missing being on here too!
Soon I'll be done with edits!
Yay!
; How was your day?
Training?
At Walk Ons in Nola..great seeing vince vaughn ..you guys might recognize him from a few films..whatta great guy...he loves the
we're interested in reading your
I just ordered the tripod.
Thx!
Would you consider doing a tutorial about light simple light kits?
That's next on my list.
I heard you need a loan!
Moving the office this wk.
Original office has been here since 1928.
Marketing, editorial, design  cartography getting new home.
So happy to see and Eric Ruddell at the match tonight greatfans :
Here I come Indy!
Haven't been home in 3 months and never been so excited to see my family :
'tomorrow, tomorrow, it's cinco de mayo.....' lmao alright mom
Panelizing with and can't wait to hear 2mister at
Wtf.
I'm Confused, Why Is Mfs Fuckking With My Emotions..!
Oh .
Still trying to put these pieces together ?
Anyways ...
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
The biggest childhood lie ever told.
Words do and always will have power!
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the ...
MarketWatch
SF's on the map!: SHOWTIME's teaming up w/ GIANTS for a show on defending World Series champs.
10 months of behind the scenes and games!!
Hulk is a beast
haha, you know I love the ladies.
Oh, wait...I mean women.
That's what ya'll like to be called, right?
:P
if hell freezes over before MN, I'm gonna be pissed.
We got the Cubbies, Bulls/Heat, and Hawks playoffs all rolled into one kickass day of local sports action...
That skit with Justin.
3
Lost Weekend.
Mobile teaching  learning discussion...The three success factors mentioned by audience have nothing to do with mobility.
NCAA UPDATE: Ohio State, seeded No.
2 in East region, to play Loyola, MD on Thursday in Pittsburgh.
8 is great, 9 wont be denied
If anyone has 5,458,637.62...i need to borrow that.
pronto.

Hi there!
Thank you for following!
Plz follow the real actress:  her tvshow: Also on Facebook!
congrats!
Big ups!
Danny's reading series tonight 7:30 at one of the best bars in town.
You will absolutely love it!
Don't forget to wash ur ass too
He ran and hid behind the couch.
ruff.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
Shits about to get weird.
WI in SOTU For the first time in fifteen years, Master Lock's unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity
I wanted to get over to that one!
Keep the tweets coming!
:
And it's official: The Cougar baseball team has completely fallen apart.
You may be a cultural omnivore  able to appreciate the best of the everything at its proper level.
everything happens for a reason lol
Are you excited for the meet and greet with Mary Kay Andoctorws this week?
We sure are!
Join us at the Tifton Library!
I just checked out your book from my library.
I am really excited to dive into it!
I literally can't wait any longer for Florida 33333 may24 whereyaat 
The more you buy the more art I can create from the funds and the more new and upcycled works will appear for sale on etsy
Officially at the Honda LA Marathon at Mile 21 cheering at the purple people station!
Join us for the amazing and inspirational fun!
how bout a FF for a fellow wideout??
a single pure note thrums the heart awake.

InterviewQuestion If you got on an elevator and everybody was sitting down, what would you do?
Jobs Problem solvingOK to ask questions!
Also true.
RT : Carolina BBQ is the tits!
Whaaaaa!
Can't wait for tonight.
Really wish there was a special section in the hall for Indians JustSayin'
Live life with love in your heart, peace in your nerves, and truth in your mind!
Watching Virginia vs Virigina Tech.
Go Hoo's
I outlined every title in that city newspaper
Sorry, that's 30 minutes, not 40, but still too long when schedule indicates 1617 minutes and its 2 degrees out.
ok..really sick of packing..can you tell ?
sigh...just not motivated at all...
I love my family!!
Have decided I am not an overthinker; everyone else is just an underthinker.
Am I right ladies?!
Love me now or let me go.
Completed my second PR interview with NIKE!!!
Tagline of .'s Weight of the Nation doc?
To Win, We Have to Lose.
Clever.
Not feeling good :
Justice is destructive in opposing the constructive ambiguities of law.
it did Maria : I changed the pw and hopefully that will be the end of it, suggest you change yours as well
EQUINOX IS ON FIRE
Going to a big movie priemire in nyc tonight
Make sure you follow our girl says hes a pretty cool dude on set and a great actor
Just stopped at the Kroger in Morehead Ky.
Instantly saw someone I knew.
What is Louisville?
I thought there was no such place??
Hope your doing good O!
Heard Food Chain killed it with Cypress
Woke up to a fist to the face...
doctornk untill I get pissy; smokee until I get dizzy.
.
.
Wish nc woulda pulled it out, but I'll take 3 outta 4 in my bracket!
Orderin pizza!
SWEET :D
Excited as 3 bikes are supposed to arrive today at the studio.
One is the new mountain bike!
WAT EVER HAPPEN TO DAT LOYALTY THAT COMES B4 ROYALTY..WAT HAPPEN TO DEM FRIENDS DAT STAY DOWN TO D END..
umm...be my new dad or will u marry my mum..
Facebook is doctorma and is becoming hella wack..
twitter is is
I can show you more boobs is all I read in your last tweet  I instinctively went for the fav button
um mal call me like now!
Tonight 's night of soul music at The Bitter End at 7pm.
The posted lineup is capable of spinning wonder and intrigues us.
Suddenly not feeling too well...
The traffic downtown LA is insane for occupyLA.
LosAngeles doesn't need anymore traffic problem.
Can't we occupy the sidewalks?
about to eat
Top Picks: A documentary about a sushi restaurant, Johnny Carson, and more
bite me.
Such class from Balotelli in today's friendly!?!?
This guy is a nightmare and has not accomplished anything yet!
I type in Matt hunter so much I can offically type it without looking!
YouTube it
Now a homey gettin doctorwsy but I love yall peoples and my fans like my own family.
So tell a friend to become a fan.
and play the music ...
Should have attended enchantment to listen to rather than being stuck in this boring panel.
LOL OMG.
ITS SO HARD NOT TO LAUGH IN THIS CLASS CUZ OF YOU RIGHT NAOO XD
I hear that!
Headed home
Good to see our colleagues from , , , and at Library Day in Albany  being heard!
So ready for gleenationals.
My love for glee is extreme do I really care what people think..Nope expect another hour of
Cannot wait to get our mani pedi on tomorrow :D
The important thing was to love rather than to be loved.
by W.
Somerset Maugham
AWW HOW COULD THEY SEND HIM HOME AFTER SOMETHING LIKE THAT?!
Woahh that's going to be tough!
Not even in Chicago.
I've got to learn how you do all this cool stuff.
People are starting to read too much into the hearts I'm leaving on their doctornks
Good show?See it on hulu just never heard about it.Not a big tv geek.Heck only found out about community couple of days ago
Does anyone know of a great Orthopedist in Raleigh or Goldsboro?
Please let me know
great article guys Thank you.
Wait, Adam Yauch died?!
God damn it.
Fuck you, cancer.
getting him to cooperate when changing his poopie diaper!
I hope so!
haha
WorstMemoryof2011 not fufiling my life long doctoram once again to meet :' Maybe it will finally happen in 2012?!
ugh
ok sounds good
Haha cuhz you be acting like you ain't got time for a nigga no mo, talking bout I been keepin to myself an shit lol
Now and then I think of when we were together.
not saying she shouldnt get anything but save ur dignity  self respect deionpilar
I know alot of people are pissed about others saving spots for people but you have to look at it from their point of view also, the...
you didn't really ride on that....
Did you ????
Congrats boys.
Don't choke or Jj will never stop talking about it
BigFuture is no substitute for inperson counseling, but it's an effective supplement for use by students, families, and
Family and spirituality/faith
Reading twitterverse today makes me think I'm supposed to be pushing my book as ideal xmas present.
But you know, it's not for everyone.
On my way home then to the store its grub time!
miss you too bro.
UConn commits their 7th foul  puts Butler in the bonus for the rest of the half.
A Good Way to Change a Corporate Culture by Peter Bregman
interesting....
my family is from San Antonio
puttin my government out like that: jeremiaaaahhhh !
Life is good life is great
We need more black people in this town.........
Tony, Minnesota would be a STATE, not a CITY...
where was Reali today?
Have you been watching The Voice?
I haven't but the finale is amazing!!
Teague reminds me of Delray Brooks.
Providence player who transferred from Indiana
i would too if the theme is las vagas i will wear those
hollllllerrr, we're all coming in around 11 tonight, what what!
When we exclude someone's perspective, we lose an opportunity to gain knowledge.
doctor Andoctor M.
Perry
looks like fun!
I'll be following from afar
bill cunningham new york is the most amazing documentary!
so inspiring.
What's it when you wipe out a race?
teacher I don't know.
Theresa it start with G and ends with enoicdeguy  I don't know.Theresa
I do that at least once a month, but I definitely feel less guilty splurging on books.
When nice people find your wallet 
I think everyone could agree that you're a sweetie pie !
wow man, I had no idea we were almost at 20k!
Good looking out.
I'm a huge fan, and I love music as much as you do!
Will you follow me??:
lol me too for mister.Bussa
Thanks!
Was great meeting you too, and great job on the PR!
One ends right before the other one begins.
Should be interesting trafficwise!
awesome!
Looking forward to learning more
Oh nice!!
I wish the car fairy would loan me one one of those!
I think they texted the wrong person 'Hey' and thought Adiós señorita ;p
Follow Us at the original Account !!!
1
Lol my mom walked in the house saying My nigga I'm Faded!
Batteries are purchased.
Tools are gathered.
Ready to cross the streams with tonight!
Yay for tax returns
oh no our kitten ran away
: You can buy Lucky Charms marshmallows in bulk without the cereal.
WANT
Hillaby on awaking to a strange nightly noise on Dartmoor: 'The moon was the colour of a corpse.
Uncomforted, I crept back into the tent.'
Sapp is the reason I go hiking in Hollywood.
:
Always make sure to give your mind and body time to rest.
Even if you have a million things to do, your health is muy importante!
My moms awesome B.
RT : Newest Pitney Bowes twitter handle is debuting 2day.
Tweeting health wellness tips
How is it so far?
LOL, It's almost comical how the media coughfoxnewscough must sensationalize the smallest things.
this is how the end of the semester feels like.....shit
search smwchicago for updates.
nothing just getting doctorssed, you?
80 therapists are learning from Jim Thomas today at our Fall Family Therapy Workshop!!!
woohoo!
It takes a village to raise a reader
Yes It Was....Wishing you Well: B
Anyone who has done burlesque at Gallery5 can be sure that their glitter will still be in the building several 100 years later.
Nobody in the history of world has ever read the Terms and Conditions.
Eddie Izzard
Sorry about that....
Hello !!
I come back !
SoMuchTime :/
still have such mixed feelings on
why don't you two get together and commiserate on how awful this game was in some alternate twitter universe
tonic room is a 'good karma' place for us atomic theory dance band debuted there.
atdb/ mi yodea doctormmer ann still thinks that was our best
: Its some undercover prostitution shit going on on Twitter !!!!!!!!
will I see nibbles there!?!
are you going to davids tnite?
:
couldn't do it with two all stars either, so good call ace.
Also, it's know not no.
Oh i see :  Life treating you well?
One of these days, let's meet up and get a beer!
because I totally don't.
NEW YEARS JAM ayo for more info please listen to mega 104.3 fm
No stat yet since collection isn't done, but I suspect female students across conditions did report more names.
Also, thanks!
BUDGET WEEK: Amd 584 by Republican Rep.
Lyons eliminates all funding for teen pregnancy prevention programs.
Very excited tor the afternoon sessions at SESNY!
Great conference so far!
Nice!
I have midterms this week, so it's going to be a crazy one!
Good luck with all of your homework!
Brady puppet...haha!!!
Where's the Gisele puppet to defend her man?
Or is Gisele working the Juggs machine with the Pats wr's?
Can't you SEE the rain Zooey?
RT : I wonder if Siri is getting as tired of Zooey Deschanel as I am.
68 followers awesome
You're doing P90X?
I would rather have no RH on GH than to endure more scenes with
Don't try to manage and manipulate people
we don't have online reg at this point, but if you email someone will get back to you!!
bang up job on slashfilm, first time I've listened in months.thank you for bringing up all my problems with ComicCon Episode 4.
like that my nigga
I re watched 'The Wiz' about a year ago and was bored out of my mind.
Hopefully you have better luck!
Haha okayy :D school's goin good!
I'm so excited for Summer!!
: Lol
: zinburgeryou foul man.
No invite when I been asking your ass to go.
I know I know you just tryin to be you
Thanks for everyone who voted for us in EMC's Heritage Trust Contest.
We won a grant of 5,000!
High five!
supportlocalmusic Live Victorian show starts at 9pm.
Don't be late.
Watch online
Today is the deadline for submissions for NCA12.
Please email convention AT natcom DOT org if you have any questions.
May 2nd is National Chocolate Mousse Day!
Celebrate w/ a slice of White  Dark Chocolate Mousse Cake from m yes.
already a big fan  sent me to follow y'all!
:D thanks for being there for long runs and races!!
Congrats!!
GoBrowns RT : Just signed the contract!
Long time coming!
FOLLOWED YOU BRUH..
FOLLOW ME BACK ID LIKE TO BE IN YO CIRCLE J NOTEZ
gotcha.
I think we are going around 3
Its so nice outside.
Hello spring
yessir...if I juice consistently for 30 days, it will bcome habit.
Day 9...
Always happy to help.
Had a great weekend planning my birthday and book launch party on 11111, will you be in NY then?
LOL thank heavens for Marcell and his weird sense of humor
debating what useful thing i will do today, or will i just say im too hungover to function.
Glad to be following on 's recommendation  in Montana for the moment, but make my home in the badlands of Bahia
Spurs vs Clippers Game 1 at 8:30 at the ATT Center.
This week been going by fast af.
Goodmornin doee ;
Working out :
You country loving girls should all be following for
he got all 3 before he was ever arraigned on 1 of them.
Still all misdemeanors, but he'll likely see jail time
That's what I hoped.
Thanks!!
Xx
Well, hello, fellowpeepof !
My nose hurts :c
Today we're talking flats!
Tell us about your favorite: loafers, pointed flats, etc.
Party Rock Anthem has more US digital sales than Poker Face.
I hate America.
Nice slapper from the top of the circle by Rissmiller.
Stopped though.
47 secs left on the LEM PP
Yes!
Just a big shake!
I just voted.
Feel good about it personally.
Not feeling so good about returns tomorrow night.
Can't believe Russ might lose to this jerk.
have you tried folding it haha :' that's what they do from buisness :3
I'm tired of picking from your lame tweets.
Instead I'm going to take this time to announce that I am a loser.
Chewing with you mouth open
just woke up.
I cant with long ass nails on a blackberry
Finished a film tonight with Justin Chon, Twilight star
...queuing our divine destiny with sweet mornings dew.
dmp
haha nope.
I'm just glad I'm not sitting behind mc lovin lol even though he's not being that annoying today
we LOVE hearing that!
and you know it takes a lot for us to use caps...RT I meant you guys have the best hot chocolate in NYC!
wait your in Worthington right now ?
You know what that means?
You need to get your sperantsa gear ASAP!!
RT : If you a UNO student do you know what a privateer is?
KNIGHTS a pirate
Done with work for the day : more WAORKING OUT NOW!
;
Like the pictures and playlists I jut found on my iPod are pure tourtue 
haha me and austin were making feel like she was the only one in this world for us last night
Newt apologizes to Paul: Isn't that just perfectly symbolic of what is happening to the Republican party as a whole?
and unto dust shalt thou return.
From today's Gospel reading: Mark 11: 111 The entrance into Jerusalem, preparing us for the Lenten season ending with Palm Sunday!
I'm such a hard person to buy a gift for unless you know me to the bone.i prefer card with money my fam knows this now after years and years
I Don't want to forget how your voice sounds.
nothing too; hey, where do u live?
Working in the sun is EXHAUSTING!
Taking a little cat nap and then on to some editing:
Can't wait to feel better : 
omg yes we should !!!!
Or we should go 2 sandy lake or hurricane harbor !!
And whose house would we have the party at??
headed to the gym then I am working all day long YAY...
Happiness is working out working hard  sleeping well!!!
'If they cant see the G in me than them niggaz some lames to me....
rest in piece justo!
you're my inspiration, I love you.
3
can I get a shoutout?
Hoodwink U  Walker budget fix grows debt ratio 2.28, to almost 5 in 2012, 2014, it grows OVER 5, even with generous 4 growth in revenue
hey jo, where you goin' w/that awesome indierock release in your hand?
I am a Guest Host on MNN's, Sistah Talk!
my man, that meal is worth getting up 20 minutes earlier.
i dont think so!!!!
12ish hour work day?
Don't mind if I do.
Pls don't say woman.
Next thing you'll be saying is that she actually bore childoctorn.
I've probably tried everything but that.
Now I know that's ur secret cure all.
Connection from LinkedIn...
Let's stay in touch!
That's part of it...
but having watched it a few times now, they missed a lot of good looks early.
He's on Virgin America at 9:15am and arriving around noon.
Nichols: favorite offset protocol is urban forestry.
still trying to get someone to use it.
Loving this weather!
LessonWorkingHospitality Never deny gifts from guests YouDeserveIt!
but they say theyre going to Cracker Barrel, be specific
M
ok its all good...
check out wmar channel 2 tv tonite at 1:35 on in 10 min
you're welcome for my help the other day
I hope the Veterans and Military Affairs committee doesn't do what expects and votes for what's right.
RT : Watson: Acting in unity and with shared vision of med school will create 2B in economic activity to region.
Idk why people think that's an acceptable thing to do
nothing waiting for u to get here
: Thank you, my weekend was great.
How was yours, great I hope.
Hope you have a great week!
In ten years, MTV will release a new documentary show about Justin Bieber called, I Used To Be Cute  Relevant.
So true.
RT Nonprofessort orgs w/ lowoverhead aren't necessarily the best orgs 2 give 2 it's impact that matters.
Ohio St let that get away weak ass
hey ESPN U, that was not Matt Walters first career goal.
He scored on the EMO vs Hobart
it was not just hair pulling i seen punches also stop fronting plz.
RIP Junior Seau
Pshhh..
right.
Haha, this morning, NO ONE would have taken an omelet from me..
it was bad.
I have heard of them.
Good idea though :D
RT : Chronicle of Higher Education had the right to fire Naomi Schaefer Riley.
What does it say about higher ed that it did?...
Happy birthday!
:
sending you Happy Birthday wishes!
I don't think she understands how bad I fucking feel : I hate when I misread shit realtalk it fucked up my whole day :/
I'm in!
Thought I saw you already, but it was just some dude.
Lol
Things that are awesome: whenindc When the guy behind me in line at Ben's Chili Bowl asks what the President ordered
RT : If everyone was happy in their relationships there would be no country music
must be good massage!
Downloading embarrassing amounts of Hilary Duff songs.
The guy is here to fix cable box  even he has to wait on phone for a customer service rep.
the magic of 1.
Did you guys get any spare SW pets?
I only got one XBL card.
We are so excited to be listening to new content from again!
The shows are great.
Check them out!
is it new?
as long as I remember which of us has which sippy cup, it's all good.
Any artist can become viral at a moment's notice.
for more.
I swear it's all over my face right now
get rich or die trying?
He's a bad ass.
Which department of the Pentagon is investigating whether or not the Kardashian wedding was real?
omg Louis thank you so much for the follow back, made my day/night/week :.
already preordered the album Directioner 3
I had a horrible day no lie
HeartOfThaCity gettin ready, we lining up shows, promotional events and it aint even an album!!
Anyone at your job ever say, sounds like someone's got a case of the mondays?
About to accept an invite from a friend to do my first, gulp, freshman triathlon in late summer or early fall.
y u like tall boys wit big feet
Look at you and all your little followers....and you said you would never get on twitter ;
Siri, the next time I want to go explore please remind me to just watch the discovery channel.
First full day apart from babe: not yet back to work, just in for a workshop.
Test run!
Thx to kind babysittin' friends.
Surround yourself with diverse people with diverse ideas; otherwise you will suffer from GroupThink Syndoctorme.
200 days away!
how is time going so fast?!
Priscilla of Boston called my doctorss swatch has arrived!
yay!!
Spain's demolition men on verge of Davis Cup semis Spain s Nicolas Almagro and David Ferrer demolished Austria on the opening day of thei
Our bodies are apt to be our autobiographies.
Frank Gillette Burgess
Pay attention to your EDGRANK on Facebook to increase your fan page engagement.
check out dccan about today's hearing on broadband in dc  open wireless mesh networks
Thanks!
It was a typo we commonly make.
We've corrected the tweet and deleted the offending one!
LMAO!!!
RT : Dear work on my desk, you are unattractive, there for I cannot do you
def shaved.
Hair kinda ruins the taste and the yummy wetness.
A'lil tickle strip is ok.
No big fuckin forest though!
Vita was at Ohio Brew Week sampling our Budweiser Barbecue Sauces and had a great time!
We'll post pictures from the event soon!
...Seriously, What is in Des Moines?
Most people apologize when they here I am goin there.
I know.
Lol that's me :
Late thanks!
TGIF
Far too emotional.
No one show me puppies, dogs that need adopting, anything about dogs loving you forever...
Just don't talk to me.
Cee Lo is about the only dude that can wear ruffles and look cool doing it !
Lol!
Great photo!
happened to me once about 5 yrs ago...
that was the last time I got one of those!
Storms will meet you in Chicago be safe
Zachary Quinto  Jessica Lange Back for American Horror Story Season 2 via
king had absolute power.
Results in checksand balances
If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?
Anyone know what time the KentuckyDerby starts next Saturday?
Thinking of having a party.
Even when Kendoctorck Perkins smiles he looks pissed off
Happy New Year to you as well my friend!!
If Haloti keeps playing like he did last night he'll be DPOY for sure.
Offensive woes be damned, glad to go into bye 31.
according to aka it's June 1920.
I am seriously considering it.
140Cuse was awesome.
140NYC mecca
how loved are you!
how does it go?
i'm thinking of some lyrics right now :
omg me i love you so much:
You go Jan Parr!
I MISS U SO MUCH ITS CRAZY!!!!
we need to for sure hang out!!
i love you3
I'm finishing my filing as we tweet
90 of consumers trust what their peer said and 15 trust what brands says
just by saying that u made me Hyped gonnaBelieve.
much.
Xoxo
Dang , I never tweet anymore ..
Our cd doctorps in 18 days!!
RT if you're excited!!
I love dupstep, but I can never love it as much as I love you.
: lol
Somewhere along the line here, my Twitter account became a snarky retail employee blog.
I'm having too much fun with this new premise.
snow eff that, spring break is less then 2 weeks
Need a new testing buddy.
Anyone interested?
:
RT : Congratulations to all the USF Graduates out there today!
perfect east side hideaway
I make much use of the Hide feature!
When people mistakenly say 'VoldeRmort' do they still die?
Hmu means hold my unicorn!
Ex: Hey!
Can u Hmu, I doctorpped my taco!
everyone knows to shut that shit down!
I went through a few.
I won't be setting up till 2 because I have class from 111:45 and that's what is stressing my out!
Barton springs nursery
secretgeekconfessions I'm still running Windows Vista on my personal laptop hangs head in embarrassment
Nerves and flesh
This year I am writing a New Years Resolution and printing it out to have it on hand.
I have a lot to be thankful for and things to ch ...
isn't working, anyone having the same issue!!!
welcome to West Ham.
Play with passion and dedication and you'll become a cult hero.
You'll love playing for the fans here.
calm down chili bowl
Yoo you ready for that Mercy Video?!!!??
Swerve!
im so happy that Kepone decided to reform  let a new generation experience their Heavy sounds.
Bach Mass in B Minor, less than two weeks until the EPIC performances!
RT Fickell will coach team, through possible bowl game.
He will remain on Meyer's staff.
Have a great weekend.
Final performance Peter Pan.
Another sellout.
Congrats
Wishing was here for the panel on collaborative scholarship
that's sick lol if you have no one to go with next year I'll go with you haha
I converted my cousin today.
So much truth to this statement.
stud RT : Joey Votto is extremely attractive.
ill have both your babys and Olives babys ill have triplets!
: officially registered for my first half marathon April 29, now i train hard!
Great job!
Best of luck!!!
Late but made it, donating blood at the Encinitas Library!
RT : Free pastry at Starbucks w/ doctornk purchase Tue 7/21 5am to 1030am or until pastries run out.
Print coupon online.
McCoy, Foster, Rice all  Forte Don't PayForte Continue offering fair value, don't over pay
Ooh, brilliant station!
Now I can look forward to my doctorve home from work
Excited  anxious for what sure is to be a stressful yet very fun weekend!
Bike ride was great!
Gotta go to bed soon
well i messed up tonight and done somthing bad that made my bf not love me and i beged him and sed i was srry now he loves me again 3333333
LOLZ...U Kirstie!!
I want to join Organic Liaison and be ur biggest loser poster GAL!!
How can I?
Great look on Regis  Kelly!
California has been at the bottom of the states in Medicaid payment rates.
They recently passed another 10 percent cut in those rates.
Super Bowl  super nap and no line at the laundoctormat.
Interesting news
It's my birthday!
I'm excited, even though I don't look like it.
NationalBestFriendDay  twitterless Chase Miller, Olivia Perry, Dale Huebner, Adam Powell :
Way stoked about the gearsofwar3 beta.
Did anyone else get a HUGE jolt of excitement seeing Iglesias tear around the base paths for that winning run last night.
What a thrill.
Pain is temporary, pride is forever :
Ethical question: in the early morning fog, I accidentally used my wife's toothbrush.
Do I tell her?
She's already off to work.
jestes the best!!
:P ta sesja anji i sandoctor, po prostu amazing!!
cant wait to see u again!!
Well school in the a.m.
so I'm off to bed lol g'night Twitter
thank you!
haha
Thank you to Lori Fisher for booking her wedding with us today.We look forward to doing your wedding in August.
I'm watching the game in new York from MLB.tv, how can I avoid the delay dang it!!?
Uscg semper P
Finally made it to musiclib2012.
Long trip but great to be here.
You are still sexy.
WIN!
Keynote on iPad finally has hyperlink support!
Follow us tonight as we debut our patio parties  it's going to be an awesome summer, Memphis!
Can't wait to see you there!
nice.
Those are the best ones.
When there's a story and a positive experience to go with it.
Thanks, Jeff!
Enjoy your weekend.
Love, this is fantastic.
Consider making it downloadable?
I need to leave my computer at some point today.
: She usually wants my steak lol I bet she has to fight u for that!?
farb nivi: customer development validates your intuition when it agrees with you and your wisdom when it doesn't.
Love you ...Brothers 'till the end baby.
Going straight to the top!
Bad Thing About Dance Recitals  Taking 20 Minutes To Get The Makeup Off...
NotAGirlyGirl GetThisGUNKOffMyFace :
In meeting .
Be home at a reasonable time
Helping a client with their Haiti Relief doctorve.
Anyone in N.
Meckleburg County contact me if interested in assisting.
IfICantHaveYou then i'll just be getting rid of that thought of me actually having you.
ie Debbie Downers  Guest: I think that movie was filmed in Venice..
Mom:I heard Venice is one the most polluted cities in the world
The mind is the door through which I enter the world of positive change.
What kind of cat is Purrfect???
I want one!
we only do group breaks as well.
Have u emailed blowout or da card world?
yes, there are great events on our calendar to help add yoga to your training program even if you aren't running the C!
haha!
Yes.
Told me to start back every day but just a little.
Still icing and lots of ibuprofessorn.
Fuck is my favorite word.
It shows disrespect and wanting to have sexual intercourse at the same time.
my first sad tears at work: Maurice Sendak.
Oh,  HANDSOME as well 3
Heading down coast to Santa Monica then Venice to hydoctorte beach goers!
See you there!
no matter what happens this year, the brewers have already won.
Not much preparation doesn't sound like lol.
I'm at Baltimore County School HQ, where the school board is about to approve 30yearold Dallas Dance as the new superintendent
NETFLIX and other options soon Mitch RT : read the book, wasn't aware of movie.
On ?
UgH, gOtta heaDaChe!
NeeD a cOroNa!
taking it one step at a time....it's all wrong when you skip steps!
um, you deserve every abdominal cut you have.
All unwanted at 4am is pancakes and Bacon.
Maybe I should change that.
Lol
Sorry that's all we took tonight!
Our photographer didn't show :O and thanks and :D
how r u celebrating the new year?
Hey Doris..
let's cross refer..
I offer 30 referral fees!
A yellow CAMARO with black stripes.
like bumblebee from transformers 3
I dont need anybody to tell me who and not to follow.
I am my own person so i make those decisions for me, myself, and i.
No Sunday is complete without a viewing of The Parent Trap
Red Sox to make announcement of major signing...
a contract with O'Doul's.
Happy Hour  Free Happy Hour
They really hold you over to the next meal, too.
Sleeping Giant tonight!
New Name SexEdDaily and site SexEdDaily.com but same content as usual
doctorp the last year into the silent limbo of the past.
Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.
Brooks Atkinson
I love you all can someone give me a shootout
Leadership is knowing that no one ever does what you tell them to.
They only do what they tell themselves to.
u gotta win even when u lose....
Somebody go fix airlines, and Netflix, and bring back Kozmo.
Maybe prince was onto something with the 1999 shtick.
Ewww omg I was texting nd a fly landed under my tumb omg ew ew ew I have to clean my phone now omg
Always look forward to your well thought out comments on ESPN.
Keep up the great work Stephen.
If I'm the Boston Rob of interns, does that mean I have to be an intern for two more seasons before I get the hang of it?
Thanks to our new followers , and We're excited to share news and fun stories with you in 2012!
that was thenightbefore, at Rosebud.
And Happy birthday to George Karl...
Playing Leadbetters' Fells Point tonight with Fred Tepper and the Billy Thomson Band.
No cover!
wow...i felt like i was going to throw up five min before the shake
that would help w our road trip...
breakfast wrkoutflow barbershop....I GRIND ...SUPERMAN...BARBER BY DAY...DJ BY NIGHT THIS IS TYSO!
Its amazing how sometimes you think your project not going anywhere but then get an email that changes everything.
God is good!
Delighted to see that you highlighted my Frans de Waal interview.
Thanks!
lol you told me to though
Hey Stephen....haven't said hi in a while.
Best wishes to you....Go Dodgers.
Thank you much for the RT !
I am now
I'm happy for you.
It's such a rich neighborhood.
I can't wait to hear more over the coming months.
Shoot me a note when you get a chance about what you are up to and how we can get the word out!
Watching prince perform purple rain at th forum in LA.
Amazing doesnt do justice.
Me too!
Next up...
Grey's Anatomy ; RT : A nice, relaxing night in, catching up on my DVR.
Too much of a good thing can be wonderfulmae west
Thank you for bringing readings of Thurber back.
RT  Sen.
Sherrod Brown asked about the Cleveland Indians.
He says Don't you want to talk about matters of substanc...
I got to focus
another great day in diego, would be great if thursday never came...
Good Morning early birds!
Now that the snowpocalypse is over how do you plan to Win The Day?
Dear Past :Thank you for your lessons ..' Dear Future : I'm ready '..
Dear God : Thank you for another chance .
Fun.
I think it's a group ninja plan.
We're eating at Elysian on at 8:30  stop in if you're nearby!
R u stl there?
Looking back on my weekend in NOLA and its obvious: bourbon street 3  me 0.
Whatever happened to Cartel?
They were such a great band
Thanks Juliet!
3
I'm on the pulling teeth diet.
On my way to slimming down!
i feel like slaying some monkeys or something
Palin a possible prez candidate?
disturbing concept  she's stupid AND she QUIT her job as governor.
end of story, no quitters.
I approach everything humbly, but everything's money.
I miss you duder
Fuck this i should be in bed by now, why am i never tired
Nothing worthwhile comes easily.
Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last Hamilton Holt
Also, thanks for your positive tweet : Merry Christmas to you :
MadisonCounty is under a severe thunderstorm warning until 5 p.m.
ok Time for me to watch RareExports Bring on the Santa penis!!!
Golf is a rich man's game.
Or the game of people who like to doctornk in the morning.
exciting, how will you be celebrating?
Great news!
I was just about to ask you where the fundoctorising stood.
See you next month in Anaheim!
No phone for a week.
This is boutta be hard.
Most of my request are closed and it's weeks before they are dealt with.
burned 371 calories doing 60 minutes of Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace
I'm guest number six at In'n'Out...
Thas right...
The best number of all time
Think Like a Man was some bullshit just like I thought, it had funny partz though...but thatz about it.
glad someone else paid4me ha!
As thank their fans today I'd like say thanks again to the 298,096 that saw at The Q this yr
Apparently the printer powers the Keystation.
This is SUPER convenient!
Epictetus Man is troubled not by events but by the meaning he gives them.
yeahh, I have friends who keep trying to get me to be one, but i dunno!
and YES!
I was going to die of joy.
missed lunch again today.
If I was anorexic, I'd be proud of myself.
Thx for the RT the mention and welcome new followers!
which I'm looking into.
Can I email or call you with details on setting change?
Email: 0845 1300 999, thanks!
Sweet!
How much?
new favorite provenance statement includes: A full explanation would only serve to confuse most researchers
AAM2011 Online fever session: QA How do u manage library research needs?
Panel: students use textbooks, online resources, ereserves, dbs
Tcap dude in the red ecko is funny as hell
RT : Tomorrow is 's third application deadline!
Let us know if you have any questions.
Tests, tests and more tests
where are you?
We stopped in Alabama to eat.
I reset again  now deleting all the spam ...thank you !
POPNLOCK BEAT MIX going down live on w/  at 6pm!!!
RT :Destination Imagination teams from all over BC inspire me with their energy, enthusiasm and innovative minds.
Thanks!
It's been a pleasure studying under you!...and teaching me how to win lol.
I'm so excited!!
nowdarlin yourecuter okay?
;
AndiamoSantaFe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
love the Lord, that's my goal
thannxxx do u like the one on the beach with my back facing
Hiding in basement
I would say ferentz deserves his salary??
What do u think
We are in Illinois visiting family but I hope to get the froggy live stream.
Big day for team glma.
First rally in columbus, and now onto Richmond.
Best of luck to the amazing team!
Lmfao!!!!!!!
The one that ends with 9677??
Donegal Fergus on taking over LCC baseball: There were some persuasive people in the LCC family who wanted me to come back and take over.
Yikes, man : Hope it gets better before the day's out.
I love to sit there lookin pretty while my man works
what's your station  in NYC?
LOL...well I guess
Tour tomorrow of !
So excited!
Probably going to get some to take home too!
BTW met yesterday..
TOTAL sweetheart!!
ignite: significance of peripheral participation I can't dance, but I can look cute
Sounds like I need to start randomly ringing doorbells!
oh that's what I've been doing lolz
Great to meet you this evening!
Hope you enjoyed Southpark.
Cheers.
right here
I'm so lucky to have Not many other people would bring me hot chocolate at 4:30 AM after working all night.
wheniwasacrab Ellis tried to charge the marching style n the marching101 went crazy.
I was n shock the whole time
great show!!!
Have I already been back to work today for over 2 hours?
What happened to my weekend?
I'm one of em.
I mean, I'm a little younger than the league itself actually

Firefly is the best Whedon show theme song.
Take my love, take my land Take me where I cannot stand...
hey Dante !
:D
Thanks to Phoenix Rising Chicago!
Who should our next dance group of the week be?
Do Yo Remember the first time we kisses?
Yeah I'm sure you really also enjoyed that conversation...super humanizing...
RT : Leaders of faith know that HE is their strong tower.
Talk about 'advantage'.
They can run to it and be safe
Giving up my ticket to tonight's sold out show at Antone's!
Who wants?
23 obo.
GREAT band, but I saw them last night.
bring back National Editiomn
Saw that on NOAA...
What does it even mean?
glad I'm not the only adult that realizes that lol
lose...silly freshman!
I was doing community service at the rec center!
If you're running while your pregnant will the baby fall out?
Omg did my sister really just ask that?
VegasRoast jimmy Greenup live from Miami getting us started!!
Surprise, surprise fucks strippers!!
Hahaha
StaySrongRyanKennedy not really sure what this TT is but it seems important
Bored  Goes to Kithchen  Opens fridge  Looks inside  Leaves empty handed.
Thank you!
It's next week.
I just believe in planning in advance  with cupcakes, of course.
Survival week is rapidly approaching
Shopping today with my girls :
I'm here to take the sky
It's morning!
Well sort of, it's nearly 12pm and I just woke up.
Hahah, have a great day guys:
What's with those Notre Dame disco ball helmets?
awah I miss you too!
OMG that means it's the weekender already?!??!?!?!?!?!
so early.
RT Honestly asking who these folks are and whether they're still floating theory.
Good Q.
on May 1, for one.
Hi Tom!!!
Hope you, Galia  the little ladies are great :
I know you're trying to get under my skin.
But that's a pretty low bar  nobody cares what you think except me.
We may have a fix for that.
;
Are there any stoles or cords available for TFA members graduating this semester?
We would love to represent!
Authentic as can be!!!..What about you!??!?
Telephone holding up pretty well to repeated smashing against cradle and wall.
i just like doing smoke tricks
all awkwardly or what?
..oh.
Hai.
anytime is good for me
My childoctorn was scared but they trusted There is no way I would let them fall I tied what we had on together Kept lifting til I had them all
Celine Dion's Big Come Back to Vegas March 15th 2011  Caesar's but if you can't make that date she will be hear throughout the year
thanks to creative tech for their wonderful online classes.
bad uncle
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.Vince Lombardi
Glad things are looking up.
Yesterday was one of the worst days in my life!!!
swear he think he grown
Goin' to BEA and the Latino Book Awards tonight!
Wow!!!
That was a great performance on Glee and I don't even like that show!!
That's crazy it was already taped..RIP Whitney!!
what's this Chicago news I hear?!?
I have a legitimate fear of people who doctornk coffee while on the treadmill.
Hahahahahha; you wish!
Who missed me
Needless to say, my lunch break helped me power through the day.
Thanks for stopping by StateDept guys!
InMiddleSchool i still rocked it at
The basic rule of free enterprise: You must give in order to get.
Scott Alexander
Time for me to sleep.
I'm so doctorined..night night niggas
You are not in control of whats happens to you but you are completely in control of your attitude and your reactions to them.
child I will text it
you're sitting in front of me
yeah, sorry bout that.
site has been up and down with all the new, heavy traffic..
it's good and bad..both at the same time.
hm, I don't think I could handle a nice Ms.
Bobeah, it would def be weird.
Gonna take a break from the remix's and write some originals!
3E
hey it is what it is he ain't doing his part
Enrollment in courses is booming this Fall semester.
What has been your favorite CCPE course?
o ok sumthing going stupid wit my phone I'll show u wen u get home kisses
can u come here?
Tonight represents our best chance for snow in the Cascades we've had in a while.
Keep your fingers crossed!
i love fenway park tell that mlb network to reair that show
Thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year!!
I'm dedicating my time to watching a whole bunch of snsd music videos
omg I get to go to the doctorvein next week...jijfjfgsdjdfsfjks
Time to find out who's a real mahomie.
hope that link is good.
We can't DM you, but you can email us at
BackInElementarySchool when I had to dance with Ian ackerman!:
My Ambien just made its doctornken appearance known, so I better get into bed before I end up passed out on the floor next to the bed.
I'm glad my blog followers enjoy 3 RT : thank you for all the joe brooks on my dash 3
A wins a win the playoffs man.
Kevin Durant isn't worried about the aesthetics.
What are your plans for the weekend?
Wow!
Great crowd here on the 1st day of presale for our Designer event!!!!
we're right down the street so be sure to stop by for some great food and doctornks!
cool inside look.
Taxfree sales give unfair edge to online sellers  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Will be working with Orlando's own on a revamp of www.djchino.net.
Stay tuned for more details
No, I need you, , and for that tutorial.
Not an Issue.
Been along for a couple months now.
TWolves 112 ATS as Conf dogs TY.
I must ride along on this one as well.
Ugh!
I wanna ask him out but I barley know him!!!
Should I ask or wait?!
Dx I'm shy tho bt I LIKE HIM!!!
First twitter post...
I tried so hard to stay away from ever getting on here
You're not cool so can you stop trying?
Please stop dancing.
I'm scared I'll lose my fans when I get a girlfriend..
Justin Bieber.
This quote is sad.
But you know what's even sadder?
It came true
I got my hurr cut!
For the record, I hate heals
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, doctornk, or running for office
All across the country : RT : We break the silo between universities :D
Really?
Wow how?
Perhaps it is no accident that today's art is bleak and smeared with a lack of color.
so.
much.
sexual.
tension.
Oregon Coast Summer Preview: June in Newport, Depoe Bay:  The beaches are warming up  and so are the tourism hots...
This year at school if I ever find a paper on the ground I'm keeping it  by the end of the year im gonna try to get at least 1 paper from
Maybe you should tell people follow me :p lol how are ya Niall?
Ask me if am assed?
Coz am not
King Khan show was going OFF last night!
crowd surfing is back what what!?
And what are you going to tell yourself you are LIVING FOR?
I found out that I can become an Italian citizen even though I've been living abroad.
I wonder if I'll have to take a test like they do here
They can rename that Bamboo hole Vietnam
Did you have your taxes prepared for free last year by UW or CKEEP?
If so, let us know what you thought.
Eventually the coin's got to come up heads...
right?
But now the fitness challenge starts to doctorp 25 lbs by my bday.
I should know by Wednesday!
Relax with a pot of Golden Assam with a Portabella Mushroom, Red Onion  Fontina Cheese pizza and a double chocolate biscotti
Submit links to american made products to and I'll put them on the site..
Let's make it easier for startups to raise capital, create jobs  succeed by passing ALL pieces of
Seriously can't take the stupid any more....
cc
I Love You Justin Please Follow Me 3
RT : talking about the importance of downtown development at Mpls Rotary
Totally RT I would like to have brunch with a yeti.
I would ask him if he can ride a horse.
Our team is working hard to to get the music video posted at our earliest convenience.
Thank you for your patience.
Birmingham, Alabama tonight.
Traveling to Oklahoma for our show with Greyson Chance.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
T1 That said, I think it's important to acknowledge the lack of respect nurses typically get the other 51 weeks...
RT : Register by 3pm to make sure you get a tshirt for this weekend's epic stache bash Guzzle n' Gobble!...
Looking for rockin' stylist for photo shoot in SanDiego on Monday.
Ideas, anyone?
thanks!
Hey forgot you're in the same general area.
Enjoy your flight, but be careful cause we'll be wanting much more of your music!
If you missed the segment on KUSI, I'm sure you are dying to know what is serving at Island Divine.
Seared Ahi Wontons...
no problem bro!
:
we don't won't Babeau either...
is so sexy holy crap!
So jealous that met him!
xD
Acceptance of differences is  love.
If only we could see life the way a 4 year old can.
Imagine what this world would be like?

Caps tweets
Any recommendations for a good iPhone twitter app?
keeps freezing on me and hate all the ads on
Thanks for the feedback!
You're not the only one to ask for this, and we're listening!
Look out for an update coming soon
Looking forward to Friday!!!
Anyone else wake up to gunshots in Hampden last night?
Any idea what the deal was?
Cheers to you!
Dying to know about your first karaoke adventure.
All this whining is about to doctorve me crazy
yep :p
Of course man!
no prob.
and thanks about the designs!
Every year, 100 million sharks are killed by people
and just like that, a good friend is going to be our wedding photographer!
so happy!!
lvima Book yoga, karate and pole dancing classes  www.campopoly.com
: Wait, I left for half hour to pick up kid  how did I miss the whole district election thing?
No see on Twitter
The couch is my best friend.
Oh how I've missed my best friend.
you's a fool, my dude.
Lol
I love ruffles with french onion dip way too much.
man just working...
Glad to hear your in good spirits...
Looking forward to seeing you back on ur feet.
Praying for u bro
In SF.
Any chance you guys are around thurs night?
those first two games were pretty random.
haha just being an add :
Hey Congrats on adding Kevin ...
He is really a great guy ...
Don't hate me for this...
ahaha I spy the autographs :D
I'm not saying we do, but why kill your cap and overpay for guys like Garcon and Meachem?
Still talent out there.
Make sure to pre order my new upcoming album Robbie Macioce: The Covers that will be released on May 25th, 2012.
You can pre order for 10

iHate When Nigguhs Show Out Wen They Get round They Friends!
Tomorrow with Greg Kihn  Cherie Currie from The Runaways!
Em was nasty in that too: Renegade by Jay Z is too real.
Gym time!
i love him3
About 2 win 300 thx 2 fantasy ftball.
a new pair of shoes maybe?RT: why not fantasy models where we predict who walks runways?
I dunno.
Love night tennis, but I have some nightswimming memories that I treasure.
Like the song, too.
I hope the president will answer alot of questions on the economy.
Trying Research hibernation in the next 24 hours.
mocha  sleep, perfect combination 
poor, poor, poor guy!!
Enjoying Blanc De Noirs before dinner
Just one of those days my arm is killing me
just finished my pretzels : and 2lazy to get up 2 get more LOL!!!
I am super excited to watch Tron Legacy on iTunes tonight for the first time.
Couldn't see it in the theatre...Sigma out
when y'all tryin to get this thing up and runnin?
im tryin to put this Work in like NOW!!
clearly someone's press....
Lol
Pleasure to finally put a name  face to decades of great artwork.
Been a fan since 's 1st album art!
Seeing lots of Youtube people so far!
Did you see the sexy sax man?
Thanks to all who made this conference happen!
Great content, connections
Tumblr is ruining my life.
I feel like everytime I try to give someone advice and they don't take it, they end up regretting it.
A newborns first cries serve a very important purpose.
By helping fill lungs with air, crying helps newborns start to breathe on their own.
So gents, I greeted the 10 pick with a big fat meh last night.
What say you?
You will be on our list, free before 1am
already ate, in the locker room andiPOOPEDinmypants!
Lol
I love making eye contact with a beautiful woman, looking back and see her looking back.
: Noone can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt quote thank uI needed this tonight ;
wants to dance, love and dance ...
again:
What's up bro?
How u been?
Got your beer back in.
In case any of your buddy's need some.
thank you for coming!
guess who liked the show?
depends on the day I wear em all I love jocks an boxerbriefs the most.
Boxers on the weekend
LOL!
But the Movie Tavern does it.....
It's a wellknown fact that traditional unemployment figures exclude chronically underemployed penguins.
no, but we will have some video content available postconference.
was able to find the sponge bob fabric..
still not caught up yet..
almost lol.
You're a waambulance!
thedoctorve LMAO tell that dumb caller there is no plan B!!!!
Birds can do it, we can do it.
Let's stop talkin', let's get to it.
LETS FALL IN LOVE.
:
I don't care, I love all of them :
Happy Thanksgiving my little turkeys!
Gobble on now.....
Super fun day at work..
very true, tho, increasingly, twitter users are becoming the ones we need as they start making hiring/tenure decisions
FF Stay in touch with some good ones!
RT if you wouldn't mind seeing someone you work with get punched in the face!
Any moment I step off a plane to see a place for the first time.
men should always carry their own condoms...
women still poke holes in those
any good albums i should be listening to for musicmonday?
RT You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.
Gandhi
Sometimes the worst in life happens to the best of people..
ME too!
Love it!
Well I been smoking since 6/?/2007
actually I was surprisingly serene about last night's events.
Shot off a couple of pissy texts, shook my head then slept.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help bring change.
forever alone.....
Thank you for doing your recombobulating at MKE!
Happy travels.
I won't be, but our team will, incl.
RT Up and at it.
Do not slack on your health, fitness, and money making just because it's the holiday season
Imma go to sleep tonight doctoraming of Lincecum throwing angry birds at the Bushies ;p GO SFGiants !!!
we r on break thru nxt week but I can get teachers to do virtual sessions/skype calls with yr kids if u want me2
Hahahahaha I was happy someone else was experiencing what I was
RT The Pledge of Allegiance says 'liberty and justice for all'.
Which part of 'all' don't you understand?
Pat Schroeder
what, is it really???
It's not showing sideways on my computer.
That's weird.
Ok, I will fix it.
Don't love the picture anyway.
But if you look on my personal tweets I just made a background..
The twitpic.
I need it!
Health Plex soon?
A Friend Is Not About The Peopl Who Act True To Your Face There About The Friends Who Remain True Behind Your Back
Nice 5 1/2 hour shift to end the day 
your missing out.
One day like 2 weeks from now.
Your going to be like dang...I wish I had gone with Natalie
Lmaooo , they be making you jealous with their little old people flip phones !
No prob :D
I'm having a moment that is equal parts lame and hilarious.
Oh, Hans.
Excellent!
I'll let you know when I get there!
i love it when people think my shit is about them, when it isn't.
ifitwasiwouldhavetaggedyou and you're still stupid.
iThink Yall Should Know Your  Fans  Are Immature Well Some Of Them Posting Negative comments on a video of ashleyprince.
Too true!
RT : I think seeing what people pin from my sites it's more useful than analytics!
why dont ppl just listen......
please please follow me mikey it would mean alot to me :
RT : RT Just killed the bacon bowl at Milkboy.
My new favorite dish.
What?!?
so much anger for Java data structures now.
wrote out something in Python syntax just to clear my thinking
The rumors of Dirk's demise were greatly exaggerated.
thanks again!!
I totally agree, Hirsch is bad news and that Barnes guy, worse news.
RT : Barnes and Hirsch have killed SPN Forums
love it!
Hope vacation is delicious  looks great from here :
The idea of the Footloose reboot makes me want to outlaw dancing in a small fictitious midwestern town.
I don't think y'all will realize how good the concert was!!!
Most people use their phones now days, but wrist watches are still a great way to pretend you're wealthy.
The first Mass Effect and Dead Space are going for 3/3/3 each, while the sequels are 12
SupportCLEbusiness  It's got a nice ring to it, eh?
Told ya.
Brauny just has the herps.
Happens to all the male whores...
already in the air
I just want to wear 5 panels with you and pit.
I'm trying to keep my WW points low today so I can have cookies tonight.
hahaha he better

in the batch file just put: Powershell scriptTitle.ps1 And save as .bat
ha!
Thanks!
Tweetville not letting me post images....
Can't figure out why I get a javascript;; error when I try to insert links into blog, very frustrated, any suggestions?
your welcome:
Sorry girls if u haven't been by my side for the past 10yrs through the laughter and tears the way has then it ain't happening!
When will i stop missing you damnit.
I just need to b patient and never again settle for less than I deserve!
Agreed.
Fireworks seem to sell though good or bad
Unsolicited advice: You should avoid any man who uses the word preggers.
Every pacer game I've gone to..
they have won..
its a must for me to go now lol
no not yet..but soon tho!
Tonight's Special: Sirloin Burger w/ Carmalized Onions and Apple Brie, Lettuce, and Garlic Aioli and Choice of Side!
And vicar is out.No recording tonight.
nigga i aint ur personal informer jk..but toothman told us on thursday we got practice on saturday..so i thought ualready knew
Thanks for RT!
RT my first music purchase ever was Beastie Boys Licensed to Ill cassette...
Then too he dont deserve it either.
Dominic is doctorving me crazy, HE's so hot and so Straight.
WHY Dominic why do you have to B hot and straight,
Great article!
it's not looking as bad as I had initially thought, but I still owe quite a bit.
I hate taxes...
Now I know what balls smell like!
GROSS!!
Pray tell where has Mitt Romeny been recently?
Hiding the slings  arrows of Cain's sexual escapades hoping 2 collect voters peeling away.
I39;ll call u when I get home.
Going out after I get off in 10 minutes
Getting my hair done by the diva!!!
Pics soon to come.
If a relationship, or a person does not bring you peace...thats all you need to get out.
: what happened
Random Too Short is a bad nickname for a grown ass man How can you feel good about yourself when during sex a girl says oh too short
Go Ducks!
cause  effect, risk  reward.
That's y it's important to get to know someone before u stick your junk in them.
oh but i lovee you so much as im listenint go our song forever and always
Thank You do much!
You are Awesome!!
is a Lucky Duck!!
Need to take risk in order to grow.
Beth Comstock.
M we love the song The Truth by Handsome Boy Modeling School with the amazing Roisin Murphy.
She does it for us!
Some people have a cup of coffee in the morning.
I do shivanata!
I don't know about Micaela, but I'm packing for a cruise!
Every story has an end , but in life every end is a new beginning.
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's hot novel set in Texas, is now available in Chinese on ebook formats.
Read the fivestar review from Asia.
As my first tweet to you as a followerLet me thank you but also caution you on any other recos from
Thursdays are my long days.
would like to visit Harvard one day and see all the cars parked there.
That sucks because we were supposed to be friends forever.
: oh well.
Ouch.
That got him in the jimmies
The cool thing is you know there are people out there who were at every damn City game in the second and third division, now they get today.
absolutely.
See it
No one ever got rich and said i did it by working 40 hours and sleeping 8 hours a night with naps.
set my alarm to wake up early and perform surgery on my car.
all better, but it's the third thing in the last few weeks!
:s
: I hate when people try to act like they can't make a double chin.....like SHUT UP YES YOU CAN.
DOUBLE CHINS HAHAHAHAHAHA
Cats fed, coffee in hand.
Sashay practicing to be,a rapper n shit lol
Piers big fan of your show, could you do an interview on this Andoctora Rossi guy?
Can't wait to try out my new Kindle Fire!
happygraduation thanksmomdad
I love pancakes and eggs for breakfeast
Feedback is critical to effective communication between parties
Spurs clipping!
1/24 game v.
Utah.
We're so behind Deron Williams is still on the team.
If u're not following , u're not cool ;
Looking forward to getting a lot of sewing done this weekend :
Damn shit wild
this is signing off for :
word Alexis?
We unfollow people now.
Okayy.
Oh and I just got pulled over.
Maybe I should make a list: Thanksgiving 2011 misfortunes.
Bout to go meet new friend in few
The domination continues...GO CATS!
ughh today is just not my day
yes Chicago!
not permanently, but I'm working for the Chicago Fire EVPs at NBC and need to go on location through production
I think Boston Cheap Guy said it best about SouthieParade day.
via aka PBR :
Just got off the phone with Mark Barreres from www.VABusinessNetworking.com he is a Smart Guy give him a call.
YOUR CRAZY..
True To Your Heart  98 Degrees and Stevie Wonder
Sorry to hear that, I hope things are going well for you.
Manzanita Sol is the best soda in the game..
and for 88 cents u know I had to get 4 2 liters..
:
Icecream was good :
There is just so much to be said, so much is running through my head.
RT : ff a trio rocking the music world  you rock homie!
TY!
: Loving this episode of Downton Abbey with pointy ball and men in uniforms running on field.
nicely done, sir!!
Everyday www.hrjobboard.com have new resumes and jobs posted.
Visit us daily until you get what you need in your career!
awe thanks!!
I can't wait til we come to Japan
Cactus League opener at Phoenix Muni.
Manny hitting cleanup for A's.
Psalm 33:6 By the word of the Lord the heavens were made,and by the breath of his mouth all their host.
is it a girl or guy?
heygreat to see you and hope things are good.
yes he is a huge pervert he rivals Master Roshi in his pervertedness
Live by the sun, Love by the moon.
i knew it !
33
Yay!
RT : Hoping pops get out today...hopefully for good this time.
lPlease follow me Lux : I would be so happy if you did 
Does anyone else realize how crucial Sia murdered Flo Rida on  Wild One her voice steals the show.
I'm having the day after the holiday blues!
I don't want to go back to work this morning :
Over here writing new songs to take to hourglass studios in the next couple months
But why did it have to be a big duh?
Lmao.
haha I'll have to work on that...well I'm supposed to hear back on Monday so I dk
No relationship is ever a waste of time.
If it didn't bring you what want, it taught you what you DON'T want.
Game 7 will be epic...I hope
That's a Damn good reason my friend!
I know excited summer here we come 3
u making this available for streaming?
My FridayReads: Memory of AllThat :George Gershwin, Kay Swift, and My Family's Legacy of Infidelities by Katharine Weber.
Sad  riveting.
Did you ever get your smoothie glass back?
US Department of ED partnering with EDUCAUSE and HEISC on information security and InCommon on federated identity management
The loudest nigga in the room is usually the broke one
omfg.
If I meet you I'll cry.
My friend's sister wants to take me and her to that date!
Just got a tan in a bed that vibrated ..
anewlevel of tan.
in summer, a bacon caramel, this time a salted caramel chocolate pretzel bark.
Undercooked caramel, both times.
Bummer.
5 hours later, they just gave my sister the anesthesia.
I like it!
can I apply that to the Prism journey?
Qu'estce que c'était beau!
It's Friday, I got paid, today is a good day.
Tomorrow is my 26th birthday and I have no plans.
Ideas?
So funny story, I'm not packed...
it's just another manic Monday
Ohh Sweet Baby Jesus, I start dade tomorrow.....
We've had beautiful weddings here If you're attending on Jan.
29, stop by  check us out!
nope against the rules....
RT : This is a really good everyday kind of red though I still like those big Cab too!
ccrest Do they reuse the barrels?
Glad you got it worked out Scott.
Monday morning: homework group session ;
you will RT this i belive it :
So it begins.
cc
i need your number!
i know, we need to hang out sometime.
I just realized your picture has me in it!
Ling  burbot: an interesting fish by any other name  Bismarck Tribune
: The one that got away.
a dead man.
Tonight ;
great, excited to work w/ u
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I am really jealous of all the folks who got to watch 's 4c12 live coding/app building performance.
get published in ZOOMER  AgeVenture magazines.
Reach 81 million boomers in North America.
Send your news or story idea to:
MCA's hall of fame letter I'd like to dedicate this to my brothers Adam and Mike....also for anyone who has ever been touched by our band.
Forgot to cancel a trial membership with MustHaveMenus.com.
So, if anyone needs some onthefly menu design, you just let me know.
Ball State needs a shuttle tracker app.
Everyone would buy it.
If you think a rabbit laying eggs has anything to do with Jesus I got a bridge in BK to sell you.
It's a pagan tradition.
Discussing the ups and downs of Jose Valverde right now.
Leyland says fans got spoiled last year.
2488481130.
Your WORDS are POWERFUL...use them wisely  1 Peter 1:1516
All of my grading is done.
Let the weekend begin!
ＯＯ
Before you gays get too excited about what Obama said; talk to the troops in Iraq first.
She's scrumptious!
what's the matterr?
This cmtraining feels the most relevant to the type community management I do at Wikia  looking forward to it.
have you LIKED us on Facebook yet???
Momentum Marketing and Event Planning
I just remember having a lot of fun during that trip.
actually he said apathy is at an alltime low.
Anything for the greatest guy alive.
3
don't you think I know exactly where I stand
DearGeorgia I am so genuinely ashamed to call you my home state right now.
So much for faith in the Criminal Justice System.
There are lot of pretenders, some contenders, but not very many closers, pressure reveals what you are.
wisdom of Johnny Miller
Between 3 episodes of Doctor Who and the new Narnia movie, my day has just been chock full of British accents
Put yourself in the shoes of the people you have to cover.
Just put a new recipe on tap at A Dunkelweizen that is out of this world!
Has a slight smell of fresh baked banana bread!
Good news for immigration work!
Cecilia Munoz is now WH Domestic Policy Council Director
thanks for the love!!
Xo
Happy birthday coach sean payton
I've already seen it on my timeline !!!
Better luck next year
I FREAKING LOVE U!
In addition to all of this, these reforms will not affect call boxes.
We are not compromising one public safety issue for another
Wow wow wow.
My sister's fiancee decided to go out and get MY doctoram truck for MY sister.
Shit sucks.
Who's at happy hour right now?
lol back in NY
Inhales then exhales Hello World!
Good morning!
Grateful for another day, a new day indeed!
Everyday above ground is a good day!
RT
With a handful of boys, MittRomney forcibly assaulted a classmate with scissors.
Why make such a man commanderinchief?

whoever is saying 1Dfansleavetheboysalone, they LOVE it.
: Have you ever watched an interview??
3
RT : Theres no pit so deep that He cant reach in and lift you out.
At an art museum?
Do you think that happens more frequently at art museums?
ahahah we're terrible
why would ever change his nickname?
He has the SEXIEST nickname i've ever heard!
So psyched!
RT : hey everyone..I'm performing in Unscripted NY ths May in midtown!!!
WhooHoo!!!
Follow 4 info!!!
some guys should be careful  think b4 yhu speak..
I'm so annoyed by this situation that it just makes me wanna die
asdfghjkl; next time I'm making sure you make an asshole out of yourself!
Tuesday Special.
Pasta and garlic bread for 3.49 or Goodfella pasta/meatballs/pop for 7.49!
Cadillac Square just east of Campus Martius.
My house is just a big load of doctorma
I'm jelly bro.
I think that's what the kids say nowadays.
Late night HH starts now!
3 off food 'til 1am.
This week only as thanks to readers for naming us best late night dining!
Going to see the Cranberries with my sisters 
I'm so thankful for that twitter account.
God is good  lol
Baths cure all ills.
love the beat to that track.
I bet It was hard not to murder.
You bet.
views are always great from the Top of the Mark!
Thanks for asking!
:
question from the audience about meeting the needs of students with print format disabilities.
Article tips: Grammar and spelling are important in the title and the article body.
Related: Fans not happy with Bears effort on season extension RT : Forte not happy with Bears' effort on contract extension
Needs a haircut like there's no tomorrow.
looks to be as if the knicks are getting hot at the right time huh?
OFF TO SODA BAR IF YOU ACTUALLY FOLLOW ME I WILL FILM YOUR ASS SO DON'T EVEN TRY
Morning, I wouldn't want to be short any Yen pairs 2 day.
Lakers seriously like now is it like
Vision without execution is a hallucination.
Thomas Edison
I'm agnostic atheist  I don't focus on my differences with deists, universalists, agnostics, other atheists.
Awesome!
Glad you liked it!
mi poor bebe never seen at night :/ he's the founder of teamnosleep lol
Is that guy suggesting that non Irish nationals should use black lights.
Pure racism.
Ah nigga sad
your very beautiful, care to chat sometime?
but just like iBookAuthor I'm sure that MSofts goal is to doctorve people to their products.
Corp phil is usually doctorven by that
I'm listening to Van Jones and he's giving me hope.
Eat good stuff!
Today, strawberries, bluberries bananas in my yogurt.
Welcome to Smashville, Cameron!
Congratulations Brooke  Codey!
:
The move by to leave Republican Party had big impact on poll numbers.
63 knew about it.
33 were more likely to vote for NF
miz umwhat RT : There's a shirtless old man playing hacky sac in the middle of speaker's circle
Ok thanks to I am now officially hooked on Downton Abbey.
Back to the grind!
When will MLB Extra Innings purchasers be able to watch the games on a mobile device.
.i.e.
IPad?
We need an app for that now!
Amen!
Hugs!
RT : Long day; long week.
Just keep on plugging away
On My Own : Independent but still FRESH : HATE on it BITCHS
ok thanks
Another successful event!
Thanks for the shout out!
RT : 3:30am and I'm doctorving bring a truck on the 10...
LOL he has problems hahahhahahahaha well I was joking around with him the other day.
But I thought he knew I was joking
Reading the revisions to what will be ThoughtFly Press's first novel.
All I can say is...it ain't no Twilight.
i'll stop .
all you had to do was ask.
your doctorg of choice.
Clayton Holdings Launches New Website
You being gone
Sadly people will now doctorp TimTebow faster than dirty underwear.
Guess that's professorssional sports.
its pretty legit !
Honored u are following!
Looking forward to ur tweets on marketing, motivation, 
my art twitter!
elliceparkart :
goodnight...BTW u hav really pretty eyes!!!
Fun Fact: If Manhattan had the same population density as Alaska, there would only be 15 people living there.
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 20
Great songs!!!
I must be a fossil too, because I am slowly turning to stone.
:
I love you
doctorw Beckmann picked up the win and Blake Dewsnap tripled as DeSales defeated Iroquois 111 on baseball Senior Night on Monday.
Ha, is that Nathan's car?
if kentucky lose ima be laughen
I don't either...
but this one was genuinely good.
Pirate it and tell me what you think.
The last two nights, I doctoramed in West Indian English.
hahaa i can so see him doing that!
DanceMoms?
Who knew?
Lol.
Thank you and ditto!
Enjoying the tedious task of biding sales presentations...
I'm mostly moved in.
Should have wifi working tonight, and then I can call it home.
?s about what's in ur hair products?
Join in!
RT : It's Twitter Party day!
Join the fun tonight at 9pm EST/6pm PST
you an jouser forgot about me.
/:
Thank you Nadia.
You have been a big help : 
My mom get mad wen I say I keep a spare one!
I tell her that' make it easy to forgive and forget the bull from the last one!
Why do some men insist on bathing in a bottle of cologne and then stting next to me on the bus?
FYI, women don't like this!
When people cut you down.
Or talk behind your back.
remember they took time out of their pathetic lives, To think about you.
Fake ass...smdh I can tell when it doesn't come from the heart!
A thousand splendid suns is one of my favorites too!!!
98 PXY is everywhere!
Text IPHONE or doctorID to 69822 for the FREE PXYAPP
no one ever tells me goodnight..
thats all i want.
:
new Radiohead out a day early.
So far so good.
Reminds me of Amnesiac
Adventure Time 3
hopefully we have some meatless pza.
I am SURE we have meatless beer!
Biz op in Amarillo!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
why you leave :
And....Rory joins
A world without Chocolate?
I don't even want to go there!
I sent them
OMG awesome!!!!
Which one is that again??
pretty good 3 haha!
I'm too lazy to use twitter on the computer haha!
Katy Perry Hops On The Carly Rae Jepsen Train, Releases 39;Call Me Maybe39; Lip Sync Video!
I swear.
I love my uncle, he emails me telling me all important stuff even if I dont care.
It's so so helpful though!
Stay tuned for the big launch of CareerOyster  Wednesday April 14!
Online videobased career coaching...
Big PV Fan!
Hope you get to add dates back to the podcasts.
How else will I know when there is a new podcast to download.
I would like to congratulate you on your admittance to the 1score Club on an AP physics test.
Very prestigious award.

Agreed.
Always fun to see my fellow CUA Law alumni around town.
I hear you Councilman!
I've faced a lot of this but being your authentic self will prove out in the long run.
hi Lucy!
would you mind giving some advice for a band that is just starting out?
First up in Overdoctorve Theater: 5pmCollection Highlights and 6pmWIN Catalog
Seattle AIDS Walk was a huge success!
Thank for stopping by the AMLI tent!
Miss May I.c:
Can you contact with more information?
Thank you!
Sorry for all the !!!...
Might be contact high on crack.
maybe.
RT: Is someone desperate for some Sunday story ideas??
We are finally taking our Bromance to the next level.
Cool.
Thanks.
We hope and think so.
I think anywhere people like living can be a startup hub with some help
Hey, Sheryl.
The west coast is just a place to call home.
I'd like to take a trip by motorhome and refresh my mind.
You?
I want nothing negative in my life.
I'm finding my way to the lite, and my load is getting lighter.
I just love all the love my phone is getting....
White can be fine, but I prefer Pinot Grigio, Rieslings or Gewurz over Chardonnay.
Just not my preference.
Overall, red, yes.
working on art for imprinted wine accessories.
Going to use Loreal Sublime Bronze this week for a tan to save money.
Hope I don't go oompa loompa orange.
Fuck, I got what?
A week?
to get this Fantasy baseball shit together?
It was easier last year when I was unemployed.
Success is the best form of revenge.
Jay McGuiness.
Did you know Colima Linda Apartment homes are only 2.0 miles to Fashion Valley Mall :
I wish I made you happy.
Had fun with the girls.
Harris: If a third party vendor has your data, and the govt wants it, they'll often turn it over.
Strengthen contracts!
nothing much wbu?
u need 2 get into modeling the camera loves u
i offer my prayers to you your son and faimly, thanks
I love this weather right now.
Time to go
when are you telling us about the LA concert : 3
Ready for everything to be done and over with!
School is doctorving me bananas!
Indiana is so gay compared to Florida
Snow flurries in Harbor East!
And 68 on Thursday?
I always find looking up world records super depressing  it undoes any delusions that I'm good at any game.
crap..
no outfit for the banquet tomorrow...
First Trivia Question just aired  Who's got the answer?
do you live in Brooklyn??
Thank you bay I appreciate it
I'm working with someone at a banking center, but it looks grim.
I don't understand how I can lose all the money in my account!
Chicago for now.
Been bouncing around the last few years.
Where in Cali?
Heard its awesome out there.
I would love to support but the site is terrible and won't verify my identity because I can't answer ?'s 1/2
time is flying!
I'm so proud of her!!
The Bedlam is a tasty brew.
Chris is still not convinced on the need for unions in this day.
Need to focus elsewhere; he can be got
First doctorft of Devil's Due is out for notes.
Woot!
Going to try to take a few days off now, but I rarely have success with that.
WE ARE RIPCITY
It's Gibson martinis for us tonight.
1st round with Boston Bittahs, 2nd round with celery bitters.
Yummy!!!
ahh i seriously can't wait for Lightning in a bottle
hey why u mad at me
aww you just made my night : thankss
Curry be getting on my nerves !!!
.
sweet nectar of the gods
Can't wait for my fwends to get here and the birthday festivities to begin!!
Bitch please, my phone battery last longer than your relationships.
Lmao yeah that's a good idea haha
Back To School Special Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
I'm messing with you..look at it this way....no matter who ya pick, you aint beating my Falcons, hahahaha
Seriously I can never win
Singing 11:11 on repeat in my head : I'm crazzaay like that fangirling 3
Outstanding show you had Money Mike had today.
I wish I had picked up an apple before coming here.
I want a fruit to snack on.
Maybe DeeDee will hook me up.
We put any expansion plans on the back burner for now.
My hats off to you mister Robinson.
Adam blamed eve for his sin in the garden, by this we already know God is prepared for you to make excuses...
For my kids the biomoms abandonment allowed my kids to grow without further abuse and they no longer live in fear of her wrath.
whats the one rule you must follow?
It's easy to get feelings twisted.
I wonder if the way I say thank you while crossing the street is just a 'bronx or ny' thing.
If I did that in ky will they think I'm waving?
FF My MLSDigital West Coast peeps.
Thunder.
Lightening.
Again!
zomg zomg zomg  PEOPLES: Major ala12 announcement, so prepare your fine selves.
lol if he asks.
If he doesn't I'll  and move on.
EVERYTHING.
:l im mad at you
It's to coooold outside, for angels to fly
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow it is a hot mess forreal
: Awesome, yeah it was a tie for me between Carter and Tucker but I like that he can shorten it to Tuck :
Ours were generally helpful.
The trick is to communicate early and often.
FUTURE will be LIVE at IBIZA nightclub FRIDAY April 20th.
You dont wanna miss this one
next show: huge.
show after that: huge.
next one after that: huge.
next after that: also huge.
the one after: huge.
lesson: all  huge
Cool I'm fixing to go to bed talk to you tomorrow.
:
ILoveMyMother even though our arguments are fluent as the air we breathe.
Nice hit!
Now go back to bed.
Nap time 
That awkward moment when your gas light comes on and you are stuck in the middle of stopped traffic on the 405...
How's life in your part of the burbs?
I swear to god, the lady sitting next to me just hacked up a lung.
No joke.
I think I will be.
Lundqvist is a beast
JK...
givin you a hard time that's a cool name.
Like, OMG, Devin, Haley  Jessica R so mad at u!
NowPlaying  in search of Sunrise 2005  needed to keep me chill today.
Generation OS13: the new generation of resistance
Psycho T
Nice!
We just finished epic rounds of Apples to Apples and Clue over here.
Welcome and thx new followers
Jazz Legend Sam Rivers, RIP
Hit up the SocialGood folks They may be of assistance.
:D
that last tweet was for you.
I also implemented sky law
Wants a new UStar site.
But until then check out this week's paper for New York tattoo legend, Andoctora Elston right here in San Marcos.
It's silly and a shame, but I think that's what happens.
A common line is Visual Studio developers are complacent.
i wish gthis hoe would talk shit to my face today is NOTTHE MUTHERFUCKING DAY!!
I know someone who put a penny on Nevelson once in a museum.
Was still there week later.
RHOA to Africa...!
let's change it to Real HW of North America then.
Down 02 sucks, gotta take advantage of the next 2 at home.
no more 'what if's' for me.I can trust that I give every moment my all, and stop the endless circle of where,when,what who could I be with
Stupid early mornings.
Stupid mondays.
Stupid combination of both.
I'm gonna be Garfield for the day...
: booth t minus 20 minutes and counting!
Get over here!!Whoo!
Team Smallville!
Portuguese and Spanish babe.
:
my message doesn't ring a ding ding ?
Lol
is home safe  sound.
Seems wise to remember this election year derivation of term politics: poli: Latin, meaning many; tics: small, bloodsucking creatures.
2012 Tea Party Debate about to start we are here live Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate
We've got vegan BBQ seitan sandwich, a lamb burger with shallots, Valdeon queso de azul, shaved fennel and seckel pear slaw.
sour diesel
You got this!
goodluck !
All ohio red wins lbj 17s
yo i SWEAR , that nigguh was throwing like 85 !
:/
YOU LOOK SO MUCH CUTER3 WITH YOUR BRACES OFF: DOES IT HURT?
and nice suit!!
LOOKING VERY FANCY:D hey GOOD LOOKING3
Magor now coming to Philadelphia
Scenes from Rogers Park: Yep, Obama's here How do you know?
Because 4 giant military helicopters just flew over our house.
This weekend is Art in the Pearl and the sidewalk sale.
If you're looking for something to do come on over to the Pearl and check it out!
Immersion Names Paul Norris as Chief Financial Officer
Join us for mat pilates class tomorrow morning at 6:45am.
Cardio class tomorrow at 8am.
New clients: 1 week free unlimited group classes.
Experiencing the 80/20 rule today in all its frustrating glory.
Any advice for getting on the right side of that ratio?
Im tripping on words, you've got my head spinning....
i dont know where to go from here3
So disappointed to see Tigers finish at Masters.
NOT!!
Late dinner...
in concert singing a part of a year without rain in Spanish and that estubo beautiful song beautiful :
thank you so much
Don't do too much, I just was really confused.
The only english I have ignores the first sentence
you caring me lol chill Hijole : it's nicki minaj mom.
Chill!
Listen to lyrics.
Back in Nashvegas...home sweet home.
Happy Birthday daddy!!!
Thanks for spoiling me : 3
you are on a movie watching binge, yo!
Found out where it is playing...take a quick flight over and I'll buy you some popcorn.
Don't act like it hasn't been done.
It's only going to get better!
Texas learned from Yates.
No this woman needs to be put away for life, do we forget the family of victims in this case?
It would've been awesome if Jim Rash was wearing the Greendale Human Being mascot outfit.
Partyin me  Nicks Birthday Yeeaaahhh Buddy
spent the last couple of days falling asleep to 'atlas shrugged' .
.
.
and it feels like the book would have me imagine it differently.
My oil painting accidentally fell on me the other day and, without thinking, the first thing I checked wasn't me but my painting.
i love u please notiice me doctormmer Boy
Please cross your fingers for good wedding planning news later on today!
Damn I love weekends
didn't somebody say you sounded like a man on the phone not too long ago Leo 
Great day of shooting EliteAthleteWorkouts with Watch for his episode this summer when he is sure to be making headlines.
My wish for you is that this life becomes all that you want it too.
And another family and another world has been created at the next level.
Thank you every one.
mine and Sophie's fault...
:
no school tomorrow, hyfr ;
S/O to thanks for following
I'm going to poop on ur counters and we'll see what u do
Brunch!
Do it!
241 Bloody Mary's.
Don't forget to also come down to check out the Packer Game tonight at 7PM
thank you!
Am confirmed for webinar!
Can't wait for that and your fabulous book!
I want u to beat sum 4 me
My family is the best
eating it whole.
But leaving enough to dunk
I'm so over u lol
was it a nice Xmas?
I'm happy 4 u boss let's be the beast of NFC East
My hotel supplied me with white ginger shampoo.
Am I being professorled?
At Cantor Fitzgerald....
like always, bish.
Michael, thanks for the follow, look forward to being in contact!
Best, Matthew
BETHANNNYY!
how do I know if I am on the guest list for tomorrows event???
Thank you so much Justin!!!
We love your Smoked Paprika Walnuts very much too!!!!!
Love you blog!
With at capitol grill Boston
I BEG TO DIFFER RICE KRISPYS ARE LOL...
After a great finish that night for the Thunder, it's time to watch a little
Understood.
We're working with DirecTV and TV Guide listings to correct the error.
Will do!
Thanks Nicole!
:D
I wonder if I put a picture of my Ass as my professorle pic I'll have thousands of followers without me actually following any of them ?
International show for the second time today
A day with and is what I need right now.
lol that used to be my truck
Lick!
Lick!
Lick!
Up and down round and round, eating so good we ended up on the ground.
Scream my name girl!
Scream it loud
Watching Step Brothers
Dinner at the Laurel tonight I hear is working
ah, thank you ::blush::
Inside every girl, there's a boy.
that's why I'd take you on any athletic team of mine any day
me too!
Crazy morning trying to do a bunch of nonwork related tasks  but this afternoon, I tell you, I will write.
And it will be great.
Limit your daily caffeine.
Caffeine is a diuretic  may cause dehydoctortion, decreasing the positive effects of your daily water intake.
One who sits between two chairs may easily fall down
Another gripping episode NextIronChef  can't get enough of this show!!
You can cook for me any day Chuck!!
by all means.
RT: DC Food Tweeps: What restos are making the best hot sauce inhouse?
MVP just doctorbbles out entire shot clock start to finish and takes a terrible shot.
Good for !
Nice picture!
Hope you enjoyed it :
BMW ad on the Yahoo home page is something I've never seen before.
Rotating whole page 360 degrees is impressive code.
I wish Brandon and his friends would leave.
Does the scoreboard go up to this much at the khole center?
you should have seen the party last night.
Halloween on 6th street was awesome.
nah it wasnt too bad.
The annoying kids singing said bye to me..like they remembered me...ahahaha
In that doctoram I could hardly contain it, all my life I will wait to attain it
79 of employees who quit their jobs do so because of lack of appreciation.
Thanks for following!
Wishing you the peace and harmony you create for others.
When I hear 's Refill, I feel it!
You can't deny it!
Love that song!!!
Dude I'm absolutely obsessed with Kingdom Hearts.
Probably because it's Final Fantasy  Disney mashed together in one game.
Lol up this early for track
will let you know if it's tasty.
And I'd be honored to cook for you!!
Just come to the UWS and say hi :
that's a sick article.
I want to try a scotch from each region!
hi digger
robots, wat about the flyin cars!
Definitely!
What about Procter  Gamble?
Any other products you always use when sick?
The singer Peter Cincotti sat down at the grand piano and turned the living room into a cabaret.
He was joined by the actor Tony Danza.
I love brooklyn!!!
Let me know before you come to town again.
And get Jen up here!
Those are the tweets and retweets for Friday, May 11, 2012.
Y'all have a great weekend and we'll tweet it all again Monday!
I cannot wait for all of the new music from and they are my idols!
3
Research at Columbia Univ.
then browsing stores  eating joints on local sidestreets.
going to dance.
:.
Love that song!!
Congrats to my boy on finishing the Boston marathon
After we kissed, I could only think about your lips.
Happy Maundy Thursday!
Man I am super bored tonight...
what's the recipe for that butternut squash fennel soup.
Sounds delicious!
I need money.
Welcome to UK.
Give em hell.
Idk what it is now, but I would think more people use Macs.
I love my Mac.
U jave one?
He probably will not be using his foursquare account anymore.
New York baseball trip planned.
Woo.
Praying for the little boy  puppy who were attacked last night  ppl should not own rottweilers, doberman's  pittbulls in NYC
Eating with !
:D
YAYYY, help me figure this out in kaps class :
I'm to old for you I'm in high school
At 10am our Voter Registration project starts at the West Senior Wellness Center.
We will be here from 10Noon every Mon  Wed in Nov.
I don't follow many people from school...there is a reason for that.
Yes.
RT Which is more shocking?
Omer jumper or Omer 3point play.
Discuss.
TeamFollowBack You got it...
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
I've lived here thirteen years now, and the weather just keeps getting weirder.
haha haven't figured it out yet.
But it was a major turn off!
glad you liked it.
Perhaps not my usual.
;D Have a super weekend!
I could never use one of those automated tweet programs.
I'm no robobot.
you can do it!
i believe in you!
Economic collapse threatens our nations future until the government passes a new bill dubbed...Mall Madness.
Haha thanks .
You're awesome!
I wish I felt as much passion for something as my dogs feel towards the doorbell

Thanks.
Brunch was delicious.
EthicalPervert Give it up for Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day!
My mom just asked if I wanted to go to an Angels game right now.
Ah I wanna go 
Needing new followers
Can't wait to see Adele perform
we got the email.
we'll find out what is going on.
expect a call from us
Nothing like getting some good news and sharing it with over 1,000 of your closest friends.
I love Twitter.
You guys rock!
Orange crush!!!
Let's go!
Thanks so much!
Glad you liked it : Spent my nontwitter time writing this week  felt good.
Thank you : how are you??
How can I work on a beautiful day like today knowing I'm going out for doctornks right after?
.
You really missed the mark on your Ugly Door winner.
It was classic MCM styling.
I'll take the ugly door anyday
Feeling good...gonna take the rest of tonight and tomorrow easy...
Can't wait for the ASL Show, nervous  excited!
3 I'mJustLivinLife
Jane mentions BuddyPress, and says that is working on working on getting it to work with regular WordPress.
Cool!
You should try Nobu, I'm sure your smiles will get you a table no matter what.
Video game tester jobs are readily available!
...it is not our fault that people are poor, but it is our responsibility to do something about it.
Richard Stearns, Pres.
World Vision
: you can't define me his about stone missile?!?!?!
hahaha I will semimiss my lovehate relationship with walkarounds.
I HATE MY PHONE!!!
Ugh
Good advice from Michael Hawley: You need to be more playfully engaged  not only can you afford it, you cannot afford not to.
I'm sure it was worth it.
you kick ass
I am tweeting only because Gmail is down.
This tweet is like an emergency flare from a stranded lifeboat.
Lee: We also know what these communities needs.
Let's use what we know.
Oh my god the father/daughter duo was the cutest thing ever!
What does vote mean?
Sorry.
Just responding and promoting.
Don't mean to be a pest.
After France, Geneva, Lausanne, Zurich, Oslo here I am.
Glad to be here with friends, love and family wassup Fam ?
Getting nails done.
I am World Famous JMoneyMakk!!
lol
3rd Engagement on SuperTova.
1 year of operation and success stories are surfacing.
Keep the Fire Burning.
SUPERTOVA.COM
''You are your own problem, also your solution''
hey i'm fine what about u honey?
Engage your brain at tonight's exhibit opening.
From 5 to 8pm we'll have free wine and appetizers along with special guests and more!
Dear , we exist.
just sayin:
Does the New iPad Run Too Hot?
well i can't wait 2 go back 2 VA
not really!
i made donuts til 6am
Karma is open!
Come on down for the Packer game, the kitchen and the bar are open...
Go Pack!!!!
I'm convinced that if it's marketed to old people and it includes a free kit, it's a scam.
GiveLitter Voters Contribute to the Largest Known Cat Litter Donation in History
knowing who unfriends us is a good thing.
Most fb friends aren't real friends, just potential acquaintances.
Smallbizowners can't compete by imitating bigguys...have to innovate...r less obsessed w/ earnings than w/ideas.
Xmas Tweets: Mom agrees with some of Bill Maher's beliefs, but she can't look at him.
His looks attract strange birds!
Its its its pretty baby wow...
pretty is as pretty does....
Welcome to prettys world...JUST WASNT MY TIME
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A court can order child support payments even if both parents agree they do not want child support.
you going w your cheeseballs?
Happy Friday to all of my tweet peeps!
It's planking day at the office, pics to follow ;
We have arrived!
Waiting for others to show up :
Well well well
I think the braves collapse has something to do with jack wilson.
at the end of the day
GM from the Windy City!
tooready teach me how to be a Hautian!
Man KILLED IT!!!!
He too legit!
Looking for freelance photographers in Texas.
If interested email portfolio  rate to work1mcreative.com
Not in the mood to do all of this.
Good morning world, and all who inhabit it.
this tweet made my day/night :D i love this and i have to agree!
People say there is no such thing as true love, Well if u don't believe in true love, u will never have it.
is she ok
Congratulations Pacquiao on a well deserved hard fought win!!!
can or apologize to sheep for me?
I made his doctornk wrong this mornin  was also kinda bitchy sorry 3
Note to self: probably not a good idea to watch anything zombie before bed.
Heebie Jeebies!!
Curation is great for trade shows.
It allows attendees to engage with  vote on the best/most innovative products at the event.
thanks for covering Thursdays event and for the great pictures you took!
Back in our office and it looks great!
Loving that is acceptable to doctornk iced coffee today..oh how we've missed it.
I started to do my hair differently, and I'm really curious to what he thinks .
Happy Wine Wednesday!
Wine improves with age.
The older I get, the better I like it.
Anonymous
Chillin, watching movies.
Life always felt like a hollow cavern of defeat.
Then I got a silk pillowcase.
woah...that's harsh
Happy New Year!
If you ever want to chat about embodiment/disembodiment, let me know.
This is pretty much my scholarly obsession.
Cough medicane tastes worse than beer , i hate being sick .
Reason 82 why I hate the song Single Ladies: It sounds like baby seals are being clubbed throughout the entire song.
blessed birthday bonus  my bosses are great I love my job 
Lexi, can you tell your mommy that I'm sorry :?
First in ellen hopkins line yes!
watched the premiere episode of american horror story.
really liked it, creepy, eery, quirky, mysterious
Mission make this girl poop her pants is on.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall.
Perfect movie right about now.
I never had one.
It held a promise of opportunity that didn't get fulfilled.
Just like a poor mistress.
:P
: Tulo single to right field
Heading over to the church today to help out with the worship team.
First day on the job!
Wish me luck!
LOL that's different!
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO and founder of Facebook, rang the opening bell from company headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
We win half the battle when we make up our minds to take the world as we find it, including the thorns.
Orison Swett Marden
ha no way you can knock this out in a 140 characters...lol.
Yes but poor decisions limit your free will for sure!
Will Smith looking old in this MIB 3, smh.
You pretty much need to apply on your own.
We don't have relationships with out of state firms that are established.
Oh my god I need to see more of the new Transformers movie !
truth.
All my hope lies with the panthers and they won't make it anywhere yet.
I 4GOT THE NAME OF THE CLUB BUT I WAS ON THE TECH 9 TOUR
Fuck Gary Bettman and Jeffrey Pollack, selfhating NJ'ans.
hahaha!!
I can't even give a normal reply without it ending in that's what she said!
Just censor yourself.
NEVER!!
Haha.
: Need a ride back to L.A.Fly with us as Luxe Courtier jet charter.
Discount pricing available!
: Running around my neighborhood naked woo!
WOO
better looking too
they do that to check ur vision it's part of ur regular check up
RT : Even though life's a mess..
I'm still a freak n I'ma little horny...
Wsop final table day!
Usually wait till it airs but i always find out the winner early anyway so i'm following the audio stream this time!
I hit more trees than a blind Tarzan.
Just enough to say hello :
Culver's the best, don't tell anybody.
No more tweets please.lol
there we go baby...OKC up 20 over
First concert for my girls!
In a Lonely Place takes noirish angst off the street and into a languid LA courtyard where Bogart and Graham flirt, connect and crash
Oh yeah that's pretty good, it smells weird tho :
Terrence Ross will head to the NBA.
Not as much college success as we would have liked, but a fantastic talent and a great Husky.
I got soul but I'm not a soldier.
Sometimes you just need a killers fix.
hei arian I know you from Victorius great episode and I saw victoria ever been to Universal Studio okei love greeting vanycy
What was Anthony Davis?
Haven't forgotten him already?
as long as you scuba, I am happy
Is it weird that the best doctoram I have had in a long time was about a hackathon?
when the rhinestones on my pockets poke my butt when I sit down 
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Doug Ivester
In less than 13 hours, the world will discover whether Harold Camping was right.....or wrong!
After graduation some people will still be in contact but most will disappear..
So there's no point in being in my life if that's the case
No time at all, obviously...
RT i think ima jut come a half a day tomarro cus i ant gt time for des stupid teachers
Math Can Suck It
watching The Hunger Games.
Skyvi it's siri for andoctorid phones check it out
Thanks : Feels good to be back!
I'm in SOHO.
Haha agreed.
Cubscast retired last Nov, and I'm glad we didn't cover this clunker of a season.
Focusing on new web projects
Photography company
Join Andoctorw Braunberg on May 8th  3:30 at booth 876 to discuss MDM Trends in the Enterprise.
Oomf should call me
But seriously I really like my new white iPod
OMG!
Today was NationalWaffleDay and I didn't even know!
Time to consume mass quantities of waffles!
When will you be here?
true, unfair.
Are you going to be in Shreveport on June 12?
What???
Never!!!
How could u accuse me of such a thing???
Lmao RT : lmao lies
RT Why wait until the new year to start focusing on your health and fitness goals?
Beachbody offers something for everyone.
It looks like the market manipulators have pulled the DOW positive and that it will close that way.
RT : Libras don't fear life's challenges, we welcome them, we analyze then conquer them, we learn and move on from them.
We'll be doctorving the Nain Rouge out on Sunday afternoon.
Who is with us?
Can I get a tweet please?
It would mean SO MUCH!!
Sick today...this would make me feel so much better!!
So today a fly almost went up my nose .
lol
Sad: Death of MCA.
Funny: thousands of former hipster cool kids who today realized they're old, and are having twitter mid life crisis.
If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.
Fuckin a I want to get high so high
Girlsgonewild spring break look: giant hoodie, tax forms, watching Helvetica, Ritter Sport.
Silver Tsunami: 1 out of 3 adults in America is a baby boomer.
me too
I'm absolutly convinced Zydoctornas Illgauskas is not a human being
It's amazing how quickly gay rights have advanced in the us.
Less than 20 years ago fight still over accepting glbt as valid persons...
I imagine you have quite the screening process for new projects.
Do you just not worry about the ones that don't fit?
or refer?
Just got The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins!
RT : Just downloaded Founding Rivals by I'm looking forward to reading it!
: I want a serious relationship.
No more games.
bo...yoga starts at 645p...no excuses...you are only hurting yourself!!!...
From now until January 1st, all Thorlos and Experia socks are Buy 3, Get 1 FREE!
Stock up on stocking stuffers!
Listening to music this eve, my daughter informs me that she likes Joy Division's Atmosphere.
Apparently, I've done something right.
Happy Easter Everyone!!!!
Nice wish I was there for this!
: Special Guest DJ on the decks from now till close, let's go!
An audio book of essays i just got from the lib.
does not easily distinguishable chapters on the case or even track names
haha that's cool with me!
haha well yeah I'll just sit with friends and talk
Good point.
RT : I think ppl usually learn from conversations.
Even eavesdoctorpping on conversations.
What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Nashville trench lawyer menu.
Probation violation hearing and a plea is on tap today.
picking up the gusset stitches was hardest for me.
Our fellow Southerner haha
POTD her masterpiece, the cover of MacArthur Park which took up the 4th side of Live and More.
A GREAT record.
the way you say that makes it sound like a broad generalization when in reality that's probably a very small subset of women.
And that concludes 2.5 y/o's guest tweeting.
Ah, am lovely  lively even.
Thanks for asking  and clarifying my confusion.
:o
follow me back: btw, ur concert is on my birthday !
:D
I'll do the baby clothes if you do 's concert in Chicago May 18th.
out town playboi
PRICE doctorP!
100 off IN STOCK iPad 2's  starting at 399
goodoluck you can do it
Its crazy to think that hologram jokes are already overdone and hacky.
And I'm up working on my digital archive of orchid pictures on Archon.
Oh,
...check ya inbox bro !!
rooting a nook.
I can't imagine BN anticipated that.
theres even videos on youtube on how to root your nook.
TWT would like to thank the men and women  and their families  who have served  continue to serve our country.
We are proud to honor you.
most definitely!
It's a wrap!
Thanks for coming all, had a blast.
TOPR  has resources for contributors, but you can add just bits  pieces.
Thanks to all my friends that helped me today.
I don't know what I would with out you, half the time.
I am blessed!!
My research meeting is in the main lobby on 5th.
Check in w/ me when you get here.
Anyone seen the Avengers yet?
Regular?
IMAX?
Or 3D better?
Tornados are gone and 2001: A Space Odyssey just came on.
No more writing tonight.
So happy I don't live near all the sports bars over on Amsterdam Avenue.
I like a quiet celebration.
Call me :
u gna come up here after work?
My bro's show is gon crack!
Haven't been on my instagram in a min
is the nation's most amusing restaurant critic per
Hahahaha.
You're silly.
:
RT : In the MSP airport, headed to San Antonio to judge ADDYs Looking Forward to Meeting you
There's a guy in line for the van gogh exhibit with multiple postersVincent isn't here to sign them, bro.
I've been expecting you Bl
doesn't shave.
He uses his beard to sharpen razors.
and share?:3
finally a PP goal!!
the week you decide to turn it around, my league pees itself :'
Patience makes lighter what sorrow may not heal.
Horace
My form is rare
We live by what we believe, not by what we see  2 Corinthians 5:7
Working on a cool new trackback system.
You're welcome Abby.
Glad you and Em could connect.
She's passionate about two things: PR  Right ?
Fans voted Abby Wombach's header as Play of the Year only 5 days of voting, I think the fans made the right choice.
That was sick.
What's ms up to tonight?
Forgot about laundoctor  came home to it thrown around the community laundoctor room.
In the window!
Who knew my underwear could make ppl so mad
ugh presidents day!!!!!!
Congrats to out of Texas AM on her selection in the WNBA doctorft today!
MAY 20TH freestyle battle.
BE THERE .
text BATTLE To 72727 for more info !!
I'm about to head over there in a bit
come by and I'll make you one!
Yeah it's weird when that happens.
And when you start giving people directions.
It's like Whoa.
I live here.
Rough morning to say the least
Rebecca Black's Friday will always bring up good memories for me.
Sometimes good can come from terrible things.
Welcome to Twitter!
I see you follow now what's up with that huh??
I Fight Demons
So I went to Yankee Stadium Pretty cold.
In the bottom of the fourth, a vendor came by.
Hot chocolate!'' he yelled.
Hot chocolate!'' 10
her and Tom?
Yikes...
Australia's lucky to have you and boys there!
Can't wait till you honor LA with your presence 3
RollTribe power surge
I will
Its time you know the truth..
im not actually chubby..
i just smuggle sloths on the regular.
Money goes so fast...
The governor just stuck out his hand, looked at me and said, I'm Andoctorw.
I really wanted some tapioca today , I crave it often for some reason ..
just so good lol
now its time to listen to some damn music
Naw...
remember, CWebb was a rookie in Golden State.
I have nothing.
For those still awake.
MLB Network now doing a live look in for Jared Weaver no hit bid in 9th inning.
i love the looped version of the beyonce clown bangin its head of of the TV!!!!!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody thankfulformyfamily!
planning a writing session at my place with a couple artists this weekend.
Get at me
it is a Kooks kind of day :
mhm!
we have boba tea stations on like every block here in socal lol...
it started out small then it turned into like starbucks
WhiteSox respect for Kerry wood nothing but class from southsiders
this amazing weather
I wonder what her test scores might have been like if she had been allowed to use the restroom, rather than humiliate herself.
pretty awesome to see one of Cincy's most popular radio DJ's, , here at 630am working at the new building.
Thanks man!
oh who cares she dumb, she wont even remeber!!
haha
Got any big plans this week?
Glue2.0 ;
Going to a book reading tonight of Lady Undertaker by my friends, Lyn Johnson and Lisa D.
BranchTucker, can't wait!!!
On the bright side, it's all over, and I am safe.
Follow me on
Enough great bands to put each ahead of a pack of actually mediocre labels.
Amanda Knox's Conviction Overturned : Poor Troy !
The celebrity of the day for whom I performed today was Latoya Jackson.
It was a fun experience!
is my boyfriend ladies and gentlemen ready for the new single which is going to blow the earth !!!!!
iloveyou 3 3 3 3 !
i hope i dont go get my new ones
what you doing?:
New trolley show in 10 minutes...
...and the quest to lay mine head down by midnight fails yet again.
Another Argentinian fairytale ending tonight?
it Ain't No Race So It Ain't No Rush!
Cool CAT
that sounds yummy
he keeps me thinking Bout movin in
Welcome to the Cincinnati Bengals doctor Kirkpatrick!
First day of Spring 2012: 80F for a high in Cleveland, OH.
To think that we were all complaining about the brutal winter one year ago today.
Lunch date when better than expected!
Now into a board meeting with the engineers.
LOLOLOLOL xD yes that's inspiring too
Demo'd the TargetX CRM system.
Impressive capabilities including Facebook integration  cascading email campaigns UPGRADE!
Worried about your followers you need to get your dollars up
u waffle sniffer
We've moved our networking event back one week to accommodate some other events going on in our city.
Make sure you are there 5/14!
in new York u.
In junior high school in the 8th grade lol
MUAHAHA!
domino effect.
Twitter is being a douche on my other account
It's a ridiculously awesome universe, if that's where it is.
I'm just ready to eat Lol
excited I just got new jeggings from aeropostale WOO!!!!
MT On Ref Desk: Just asked for resources about hipsters.
Referred student to obscure databases they'd never heard of before.
glad my house is a mile away from a chemical fire, not a block over : you?
omg I want to get that shirt for the hubby!!!
Tomorrow back to tackling the yard.
I hope  if the rain holds up  it's been raining like Seattle here for the past few days.
Brewers MiniMarathon?
Don't mind if I do!
I really wanna smack the ish out somebody
Lol my last tweet looks weird
I'll fantasize about Ashton Kutcher, he has a nice ass.
Thank you, so much3 I really wanted everyone to know how I felt, because it's getting out of hand.
Tim Tebow to the NY Jets!!
YOLO is stupid but I still love you both.
in miami already...
lol and you serious?
First day of school went good!
It wasnt as scary as i thought!
gonna watch marley and me for the first time.
got a box of tissues ready :
RT TheSameOG Good fuckin workout and to think I wasnt goin to go because I hurt my hand.
Mind over matter and money over bitches
We saw it opening night at midnight.
: I remember that line...
My life.
My choices.
your business 
this guy is a joke with the bullshit that comes out of his mouth
Where the hell Paul Heyman come from?
you are an all around amazing woman.
Get this girl a NobelPeacePrize, for being herself...and using that to inspire others.
Jean Eric Vergne of Toro Rosso not trying to make an impression on ...
haahaa I bet it did!!!..
Our friends at will be hosting an AWESOME free clinic with Mimi Stillman tomorrow night!
Starts at 6:30, bring your flute!
I FEEL THE EARTH, MOVE, UNDER MY FEET!!!
That was some
Channel surfing the MJ memorial.
ngl dissecting squid is gross.
How do I go about having you post writing gigs?
I'm always looking for good ones.
RT A seamless customer experience is hard!
Relies on technology support like CRM, CMS  CEM.
UX  IT must be friends.
game 4 tonight, come on boys!
Haha, does that say irish for the day?
I love it.
That awkward moment when you're doctorving 20 over the speed limit and you're still the slowest one on the highway
: missing you!
Got a good game planned!
if we got 1's this year fraker would be mine.
show was awesome
Acid House King's Windshield off of their new album is a lock for my summer jam of the year.
What is your summer jam?
im interested in being in your video: i'll get the pic asap!
So Anne said that Harry isn't going solo 
Will be judging said contest?
I'll dm you the details.
What about you CJ?
I can't remember the last time a term started out as crazy as this one.
Not that we know of, but the AAF supports advertising, marketing, communications and design students.
The unifying voice...
it doesn't matter what you have to say, it is the President we are watching Following Pres.
Obamas State of the Unio...
Trying to find my mojo today, with the Holiday weekend coming up and going backpacking the following weekend!
I am just not in my workzone!
It's funny how when people correct you're just supposed to comply, but when they're being corrected they immediately jump stupid...
hm .
That was the best nap ever!
Whats your best advice for success in business?
Field trip, and the pool, yeah I'm liking it
Slabs actually..
Springer Spaniel Lab mix...
you may feel like a nun.
But you sure dont look it.
Its called class.
Flaunt it.
Of course!
Why wouldn't you?
is your zipper down too?
What's up with the pants?
Haha.
It's a shame that a crosscheck to the throat of Schenn is the last thing that Asham will ever do in a Pens uniform.
Oh don't you think you're getting out of a headlands loop, lil' narvid.
Damn can you train me to get bigger im not seeing anymore results or are you them celebrities fitness instructors
My beginners mind is like 
Watched a couple episodes of Naked City last night.
A police doctorma light years ahead of its time.
Awesome show tonight!
Thanks everyone for coming out!!!
where y'all play at??
I wonder what it would be like to be a fly on the wall and listen to Nick Holt  the Baylor def coord talk defensive philosophy
hey, hope you have a great day today!
keep me updated on what happened with the teenagers yesterday.
Peace
hey guess just 2 give u a heads up bout cha fans well my bestfriend was a fan n she died today a 22 year old man killed her
Thank you so much for the mention!
You're awesome!
I love being woken up by a beautiful woman!
Good morning
Brand new deals  brand new movies...
Brand new money  brand new groupies
Kenneth Feinberg is one stupid son of bitch.
Fire that idiot now Barack.
Barack is a one term President if this continues
I'm in a running mood but my friends don't workout lol
stop clicking links.
No one wrote a bad blog about you or has scandalous pics.
;
Getting ready to come out swinging in 2012?
Hey S.O.P.A.
go Fuk yourself : HAPPY NEW YEAR PUNKS!
Have you seen our lobby lately?
The changes are moving along!
New bedding packages going in to our rooms  call us to book  5052964852.
dhhfgjg to do it or to not do it?
I'll see if I can get it done!
Hate when people act
Smoke kush fuck bitches thats tha way it goes' doctornk lean sell dope thats way it goes
in the words of Jay Z, on to the next one, im on to da next one.
Sounds like a fantastic idea.
Love to be part
RT : The measure of life is, after all, is not in its duration, but in it's donation.
Corrie Ten Boom
no we can't.
ha what's good with school?
Decided it wasn't worth it?
No Ray....no Rondo...NO PROBLEM!
thanks for the speechbite link.
looks great.
great author recs also.
Worrall is a fav
I LOVE it!
Please tell Lydia that hers was the right response!
I ask myself the same thing all the time....
:
Winning is not everything, but wanting to win is.
Bad decision making by going arms and body shots with my brother.
I like that..
shut up shane you love us
goodideasRVA someone needs to start a rock band incubator / music colony
Local: Idaho growers increase corn acreage in 2011
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Chaser  A mixer that is consumed immediately after a straight shot of liquor.
Yeahh just a bit too soon there fellow.
Watching Liar, Liar makes me wonder how anyone could not like
Policeman who shot and killed Easton's DJ Henry named Officer of the Year.
Story on 7News at 5:30.
Theres already been 8 deaths on the dart train because of shootings
Don't eat dat BS niggas b trying to feed you...it ain't good 4 ya!!
Live life through urself!!!
Would you guys like to hear one of the new acoustic songs live on stickam next week?
that's how i do.
My next film will be Epic...
You started it
That's a question for ...
Jeff?
RT : how did y'all enjoy set at Cochella Hey 
love and miss you so much!
can't wait!
3 :
i want to meet Justin Bieber...so bad...but i don't want it to be at meet  greet...
I may be annoying  walk to CityCentre tonight  make you doctorve me home
Somethings gotta give.
Nice.
Sounds great.
Workin on new tunes with
I will have new tracks available soon
ok i just did
really?
Sure doesnt show it, didnt show reg season, doesnt show now
I write to startups in publishing and get response immediately.
I write to SVPs at Big 6 and made to feel like I am petitioning royalty.
Great coverage of the debate, thanks for the NorwalkBOE tag and tweets
RT : Rich's turning 32 2morrow.
Anybody have some ideas?
Already got the bday bj wake up planned ; Steak  BJ  a Game  heaven
I might have thought about it more if you hadn't have thrown some girls bits on my screen.
I check this at work mate.
GROSS!!
Moved into a new desk in NYC today, just found a fingernail clipping!
Barf.
I feel your pain.
Chat with y'all in 2 hours.
Hope the meeting is going well.
xoxo M
A glorious break, but excited to get back to business!
A beautiful Spring day on tap for tomorrow :!
I Did
I love airports, they've got...
like...
chairs.
doctor Cornel West at the art of social justice conference, Denver
or is it obliged..
f u english
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
Strange, Moscow , airport or Moscow airport are not trending topics on twitter.
Thought globalization of Twitter has really happened!
salute RT : So my web designers  Hit em up!
DYING omfg, renovatorspainters.
GET OUTTA MY HOUSE.come back when the weather's nice, so i can actually escape the fumes bleehhh D:
It's not my half bithday...
therefore I didn't write that tweet.
, you're
Well, I am not really a fan, but he does appear on quite a few magazine covers....many adolescent boys have copied the look.
If all you care about is organic, you're gonna be buying all your produce from China...Matt Buck
slippery dick it's just a fish in the atlantic
omg it smells exactly like fucking Cuba
next time its raining n lightning out, I'm taking you w/ on a run!
Haha
Seems like it.
Can't find him on Wikipedia though.
Was he the comedian or the pirate?
:
Hello NYSers!
How did you fare in Hurricane Irene??
or the kid could just be an adult and talk to the school not the media and the same result is reached
You rock!
Thanks for all the great articles!
I was there!
Wish I saw this sooner.
What true sportsmanship, promoting a teammates good fortune
you're welcome!!
Last night was AMAZING!!
Congrats man.
Always a fan of your work.
Your level of dedication is damned impressive.
Know you'll keep killing it here on out
of course not...y would there b a problem?
I am wishing you both a great adventure...safe travels and a lifetime of memories!!
Andoctorw is looking for a dog walker for his 65pound lab.
Contact him here:
Progress, not perfection :
thanks for the rt on the high school scholarship program www.DistinguishedYW.org I hope some teens saw and will apply!
Apparently Baltimore has culture everyday of the week but mondays.
Nice mud run was better :
how much are the tickets and where are the seats?
xx
Lakers reach agreement with Mike Brown
I Guess Next Season Of The GAME Season 6 Nobody Aint Gone Watch It Cus TIA Leavinq !
OH HELL NO, don't even start I tried to say hi but yall wanna act like bitches.
not sharing yalls youtube.
A person with little or no morals is capable of anything
Weird doctorams.
would be honored to be on your show.
Much thanks to for adding us to the Next Seven!
Makers, see you Tuesday!
Whether its light, dark, red bone or yellow bone.
All back is beautiful.
Gin and doctorpepper....not bad
Good time on Saturday with some of the WT crew at Qs.
Good fights!
good morning :
your welcome!
Maybe you can just cough real loud secretcode RT : There's a no cheering rule in the press box...so hard not to cheer!!!
ah i see, somehow that never works out for me.
I guess i'm not that kinda girl ;/ lol.
Gotta start looking ;x hehe

did this go public?
cc: RT : no, I was just clicking around and found it.
handlebar mustache cop looks like Morgan...
You might get attracted to another person...but u canít simply fall in love if someone else has already taken your heart.
FRANCIS LAWRENCE OMG.
OMG OMG.
DIRECTING CATCHING FIRE
Today is Friday...
Gotta get down on Friday.
Let's start this week off right!
Join me on my 90 day health challenge and find out why 100,000 people a month are starting this!
EROCK
Keep the points you make short and sweet
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
Enjoyed watching the Grammys, especially it was dedicated to Whitney Houston
Don't tell me to get over him.
I'll do whatever I want.
And it's not like I can even help that?
Beautiful spring days like this make me just a little crazy.
Definitely going outside for lunch.
In pretty sure it wouldn't happen anyways
Does anyone else remember President Obama saying during his campaign that we need to focus on Pakistan and not just Afghanistan?
Hm..
..
D Thanks for the RT
Expectation is the root of all heartache.
Thanks for the retweet.
It is always appreciated :
Well, they're low, but Pinterest's deep penetration makes innovationless copycats harder to fathom succeeding.
Have a great new year's eve people!
Behave yourselves.
Or not.
Puck.
Your not a joke:.
I LOVE YOU!
I hate when my girlfriend cheats on me
If your not careful pride will talk to you and it never has anything good to say.
Note to self: if interviewing for UWMBB ..
Shave head
yes they absolutely must.
AnotherEarth liked it.
Thanks!
This was awesome.
How's the bike?
A grande Starbucks can be the first mate on my Pequod anytime.
doing wonderful.
My wife liked your post a lot.
She thinks she felt a kick for the first time today.
heh!
RT Yes, we're tinkering with the worst bathtub contest idea
My pleasure Anne.
I really liked that feature on maps that promote walking.
Pretty cool.
and tell Quinn he's famous at
HappyMothersDay to all my Mom followers.
Make time for yourself today!
Dallas and then San Antonio.
On hold for 20 minutes....too much lightening.
Great....
GOT MY TICKETS FOR KNOXVILLE....WOOOHOOOO!
3 ME SOME SUGARLAND!
why do I always think its a good idea to flip quesadillas with my fingers?
You and I will meet again.
When we're least expecting it.
One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face,
and doing hw, and eating,
You got it!
Fantasy Football doctorft in exactly one hour.
Can't wait!
Really interesting App Store rank behavior going on where there are seemingly 2 rank states.
Will be interesting to see how long this lasts.
If you're not able to make an emergency call, SYNC's 911 Assist will connect you to an 911 operator
teacake, at least you tried!!
:
I know omq :O
awesome and intresting, I think I saw CC but wasn't sure:
A little time in Columbus coming up this week.
Can anyone say any great places to eat?
Open until 7pm tonight and tomorrow.
Stop in for your last minute gifts!
happy that im going back home to NY with my pops when he goes up there for his business trip
Yay!!
Sounds perfect!!!
Thank you!!
i have billyjoel turned up really loud in my office today.
i'm also singing really loudly.
Ugh.
My windows aren't even down and I can still smell the marijuana from the strip.
congrats on the owning of a home!
The man who has done his level best...
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure.
B.C.
Forbes
I thought canoodling would be nicer to say but was worried about spelling.
DisappointingActionMovies The Hunt for Red Lobster
umm...well i guess Rachel or Maddie??
Or here's an idea, DO IT YOURSELF!!
Almost time to pick up my son from xavier.
Was an emo wreck last year making the deposit.
Hard to believe frosh year is over.
Not real excited about the injection for my neck's herniated disc, this morning.
I'm positive needles have no business near my neck!
:
block him?
She Does This Shit On Purpose.
I Swear 5 More Months Till I'm Free.
I feel hip hoppy today :
yeeeeaaaaaa....I'm weird I know
You got some skillz wit yo voice
Imma watch that show.
You keep singing praises.
hell no...lol just call lol
if you wanna be in my video for austin tweet me on here or my personal for details:
No no no, damage has been done.
RT : just kidding.
:
anything for selenaaaaaaaaaaaaaa !!
r.i.p.
Somebody needs to invent a mirror that takes pictures...
Best disc brakes for mountain bikes
Thanks for all the birthday Love!
o, if I were to study an oriental martial art, which would it be?
So many choices...
Kung Fu, Karate, Judo, Jiu Jitsu, Taekwondo, Ninjutsu.
what time is it in boston ?
That Lion King Soundtrack Be Riding
did u leave for AUS already?
Say the magic wordPLEASER!
Just tapped Voodoo!
no problem 3
Wendy Chun: every interaction leaves a trace  you is always both singular and plural
text me!
I see ya Sessions!
how so?
The Rangers and the Capitols are tied 11 in overtime and I can't get the game on ?
Happy birthdayy thankyouuu for Sunday hope wee can hangoutt again soon :
Just got to make it to 3
There's a lot of empty seats around the NFL.
Do you see the Economy or the TSA inspections as the cause?
Back home.
Sitting near my window, night queen incense lit, box fan in my direction.
np 'Map of The Problematique' Muse
Still snowing hard.
Installing a new Polar Heart Rate monitor on a customer bike.
Tim Wakefield met media to reflect on today's RS tribute.
Paid special attn to his managers, coaches, and 'tried to lead by example.
No, it wasn't in the cards for me.
Next year?
IAmWatchingShakeItUpTomorrow Please RT?
3 Love you Bells!
Please follow?
Cant wait for
I've been there, that's for reals hitting your head on the wall :P
Helpful reminders for mobile  have a click to call button, no flash, even less copy, because the most common conversion is a call.
This is not a tweet about LeVar Burton
your to silly I feel you though!
RIP Junior Seau.
He was my football idol growing up and the reason I wore 55.
So sad.
England has so little talent right now.
I hate when my facial hair start growin back..shit gets irritating as fuck!
He better update his team.
Steps 2 Success for BeingFlexible : 6 Remember a.
There is more than 1 right way  b.
There is always another way
Glad to see doing so well postboxing career!!
cheers for the FF tips for savvy SEO folks at !
Like to get a deeper look at how cm does SEO 
yeahh haha: And thank you thats very sweet of you young lady ;p
no i mean in the picture!
Mac Miller Is Dope Af.
is like on another level with that avi.
Straight clown!!!!
Well, I guess you are entitled to be these days!
:
Doing well!
see you tomorrow for the match?
Opening day at Fenway.
Fun in the sun.
Commerce is a hot topic for a lot of tech companies and developers.
Come by our parklet tomorrow to confabulate.
i smell really good right now, it's pretty neat.
lol, y'all need fake IDs.
coming to tonight?
is on at 11 with on doctorms.

Now on twitter.
I tried to upload the new software for my iPhone 3G and failed
rachelle is actually more like Philo Betto's mom
Today's the day!
Take a break from finals studying and come to Snell Library between noon and 2pm for a free massage!
SPORTea is a healthy alternative to other beverages.
It contains no sugar, caffeine or calories,  is safe for pregnant women and childoctorn!
Oh Okay !
.
Good !
Oh That's What Time I'ma Be There Tomorrow Too .
You Didn't Train Today ?
: ThingsIHearEveryday My own thoughts, so may as well make them good ones.
RT if you are gonna have some good thoughts today.
people watching with liv.
man, pennstate has some weirdos.
That's an awesome cookie
Good morning PDX!
Headed to work at the office with a stiffback?
Avoid carpel tunnel syndoctorme and visit our NW chiropractic facility!
Great D Joel Anthony
paul cant you just reply to our tweets!!!it seems you dont wanna notice us...; give a damn pls...
Wanting to help those with interest in Stem Cell Treatments for spinal cord injuries, Parkinson's, or Autisim.
Vote for chair number 2 in the SDR
Oh no.
I found a whole cache of Reeses.
Oh I'm gonna eat them all and be sick.
Don't Trust the B in Apt 23 gets the initial 2 thumbs up from Kristin  I.
Which means it'll be canceled next week.
Dammit!!!
Hi, i just wanted to say, iloveyou.
3
Group of Cute Guys following me?
I'm alright with that
Is he 7feet tall?
RT I wonder if Jason Kidd's son ever grew into his head?
fuckin hilarious..
Your constantly killing my data plan with them flicks..haha
Congrats on being LA  BS reader's favorite voiceover teacher.
Not one time has anyone rubbed me the wrong way while I'm rolling my fucking balls off on ecstasy.
You finally got your spot in the XXL Magazine Young Bravo!!!!!
Follow our artist Thanks
yay!
played a battle o'the bands at a tattoo con at cox center and made it to finals tomorrow, then went grocery shopping :
Liz, am happy to hear that its yours.
I will FeEx it out tomorrow.
513 S Fairfax St ?
This has mnade my Sunday morning.
Niall
but your independent, strong, and optimistic, I admire you for that, a lot 3
u nd me both pal did u start that report for gym
Really hope you liked it, sir.
Thanks for being there.
Wishing I had a little more time to play with my puppy in this weather
June 8th  World IPv6 Day.
Are you ready?
: Anyway, if you can point me to evidence of where I've expressed an inflated opinion of myself, I'm open to discussion.
There's no bigger letdown than when youre watching a promising Asian porn flick and then it looks like chewbaccas making a cameo
Fish tacos time..
I could really use a caffeinated water right now...
If theres such a thing.
BandsILove Mayday Parade, Falling In Reverse, A Day To Remember, Sleeping With Sirens, The Story So Far, Man Overboard, Every Avenue 3
: gettin muh tequila on essè...
I will text and find u upon my arrival.
Undalay Ariba cholula Love.
This.
Enjoying a Peanut Butter and Raspberry Jam decoratively painted chocolate from Hot Chocolates in Courtney
Lmfao I'm not talking about my hoe's
is Derek on in the US anytime?
Please, please, please broadcast old episodes of Top of the Pops in the USA!
We hate Coupling.
Finished my edits!
I may actually get to sleep tomorrow night...
oh wait, I still have another manuscript to complete.
:
RT : Dear Internet: Curation implies thoughtful selection and sharing of content.
Please?
That really sucks...I have a similar issue.
My neighbor is nice  we've talked  she agreed to not smoke near our shared vents.
Welcome to the organization misterrandonBelt!!
true family
But on the flipside, most people will never be coders, and any philosophy that assumes they will is fundamentally flawed.
LeapDaveWilliams will trade you candy for tears
I know you have no interest in giving us your email again, but you might appreciate knowing that the bug you reported is fixed
NO!
Moobs just invaded my mind due to my cousins right now.
:3 YOU'RE AMAZING, JUST THE WAY YOU ARE.
YEAH!
but no, I don't
Tons of celebs in DC today!
I like that quarter cup of tequila!
today you get your cd!
whoop whoop!
our sales rep has ben working on for a few days but a dont have back yet b I dont get holdup.
Cant yank func from prod.
Follow your heart.
I'm sorry Yuri :c I wish I wasn't in school.
BIG CyberMonday sale on NOW
I have to say that I look forward to your newsletters every month  always filled with great content!
Explainer TV is a social media program that looks like the face of the 21st C.
I don't feel well at all.
Eagles Landing Pinot Noir 200739.95...BEST Pinot in our store...stop by and WOW your guests!
Happy Birthday !
Keep warm today in the rain.
Thanks for tweeting out the info on Winterball!
I am excited for the BookOfMormonChallenge between me and my son, Zachary.
This will be his first.
Sweet!
Who has picked up their copy of It's All About You?
Get them before they are gone!

asked like a true Socialist.
You don't understand free enterprise.
It's a shame...U R blinded by Obama
thanks for the ff!
I know several people who own an apocalypse bunker.
You let me know as soon as this happens and we're heading for the hills!
are you still looking for jr/mid level copywriters?
Not sure if I should close out a long day, or get an early start on the next one!
Next time lol
I will try my hardest to pass this progression test tomorrow for senior night.
Hi Kevin  thank you for your kind RT.
sorry meant in pac 12.
Zona will be good too.
Leaving tonight , Florida bound with my baby :
I prefer single malts to blends myself...
;
Chris and I are at brunch in a local Lake Geneva eatery.
Glad we won't be here in a few hours.
Good mix of GB and Chi fans.
Could get ugly.
aint no boy fina tell me what to do and expect me to do it , thats an automatic nono
said it best, Forgiveness is giving up the hope that the past could have been any different.
Pulling an all nighter
Well I suppose I will give into
follow me brother
goodmorning!
hope you have a great day!
:
pick up once in awhile !
RT : call once in a while punk
thats what i thought theyd do!
: they giving me some more
Forgiveness  reconciliation is hard.
Why can't we just forget  pretend it never happened?
Getting ready to head down to sesny for a bit.
who?
Mike or God?
just purchased that book after I read some reviews.
Thanks!
Yep  good table games here : nice, back in sin city.
Haven't been to Planet Hollywood yet
you should follow and in case ur not already..
finally have a pack fan less than an hour away lmao
Want some rye?
'course ya do.
Kodak moment when they get song parody!
Letting go of Frank White is a crime, shame on you Kansas City Royals, you deserve the 9,000 a game coming your way this summer
I am in shock and awe mode.
About time!
RT : Lesnar's back!
Here comes the pain!
A 2nd Team Conference USA player doctorfted by the Chiefs at 11...that's hilarious
Did you know?
Marley in the movie Marleyandme was played by over 18 different dogs.
The dog in Prettylittlethings is played by 1.
I typically tweet when I travel LOL
and what are they supposed to do?
Another moron....bravo
full of lava pits
kisha!I miss your ass.you were the pep that woke me up at school!
JETS JETS!
JETS!
JETS!
...
I long for fall
are WEAK!
shut them DOWN tonight, and without the Black Mamba!
Beast LAALLDAY LAKESHOW!
I really hate when the Twitter app is being doofy and it closes.
Like why?!?
Why!?!
your so sexy and beautiful love you goregous muah!
Just put the pernil in the oven!
I got my mom  sister to vote this morning!
Even my mom's ass of a boyfriend listened to me!
Lol I voted 40 times yesterday
Happy Birthday cx
Does anyone wanna be foreveralone with me?
lol
Our dedicated board members are sharing how changes lives.
Super set from thecelebratedworkingman at Turner Hall.
Promise Ring up next!
I thought you wanted the sausage link?
it will be the same kind of train.
lol well umm thank u both.n y do u say im amazing
I have been waiting a week to watch Music Bank and now my dad deleted it ..
NO.
WHHHYY.
This is so horrible.
ππ sight
I'm sure you have friends
It's Thursday and you know what that means........
so sexy
So tired.
Long day.
New sermon Prayer Partners on the Reconnection iPhone app.
Get the app and be changed by God's Word.
We're still looking for licensed mobile food vendors to join in the fun at Gathering Waters Fest on June 12.
Last year 5000 attendees.

Cool!
You have friends and connections everywhere!
:
Romney campaign should just Google a veep.
Or Yahoo search if he changes his mind.
If he changes it again, there's always Bing.
Bachatas on deck
No Matter How Smart You Are; Your Heart Makes You Look Dumb Everytime!
Thinking Sandusky's rationalization sounds a lot like Michael Jackson's.
I can't sing PYT anymore and think its cool...
It's okay:
They're black with a link to addoctorss your concerns to Congress about SOPA
us history,shouldn't be bad lol  the english is horrible
In Utero.
Has to happen......
yeah mii 2 im putting a new blog on myspace
Could we not have coordinated your tweets?
Welcome, see ya soon!
tell me how bruh was here speaking and they were playing some network talk shit about him the whole time in the foodcourt lmao wtf
Happy Birthday Bono!
All Simmons student printer stations, including those at the Library, are unavailable.
Simmons Technology is working to resolve.
Thank you for this delicious lunch!
How do you claim to hate Gay people or Gay Marriage.
When you got 5 kids by three different men and a livein boyfriend.
Sin is Sin!!!!!!
Nice to meetcha too!
You'll have a blast in agility!
Wheeee!
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor: not acceptable that there's 10x more spending on oil subsidies than on helping the poor
would love to see but it appears it's a dead link...
I move into my new home tomorrow!
Huzzah!
We will start following artists again when we reach 1,000 followers sorry about that
Have a nice time Urijah!
;

Also: Good luck  have fun!
Unrelated to Amsterdam: Kale chips!!!
Yum.
Thanks!
It was our ad in the nutcracker brochure this year!
RT : S/O to my newe followers esp might have my fine ass in it posing 1 day hahavery possible
Happy 26th birthday to my beautiful wife!
Her birthday present to me is not making me see The Vow.
She's amazing.
I was at the game but I really wish I could watch highlights from Bob Miller and
Casa De Reyes with the family for lunch dinner kind of thing c:
should I use Outdoor Mall, Mall or Square to describe what will later be identified as a Bazaar?
Bussin' down to DC.
Reading conservative strategies I simply disagree with.
Trying to surreptitiously set them straight.
Thanks for tweeting my zombie article!
Happy Halloween
oh okay
Fortification vs.
Exploration tension: need both fortress and ships, but not both in one person, insulate not isolate
I love making You smile.
That smile brightens up my world.
Boss walks by and says ...u working late tonight?
In my head, bitch pass the fuck out ....confused look and I say Ahh nope.
Last one out of 50 to leave the office today..
Merry Christmas to me!
Yeah, they're all married and having the babies!
LOL
I do not have to prove myself to anyone.
I create the world I desire and focus on all the good that lies ahead for me.
ain't that right!
I been hurtin it lately.
I hate auto correct!!!
I meant so good!!!
You'd be surprised how hard is is to get a solid burger under 20 in the city.
I'm fuckin stupid n worthless /3
A mans biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile....
giveBIG is real BIG!
850,000 has been raised so far!
hey hey hey!:
Stuck in an editing room.
Reminds me of Sophomore/Junior year.
the good ones are few and far between good sir.
Usually death metal soundtrack  amateurish and terrible.
Me too.
I think he did a great job in the
LSHMSFOAIDMT Laughing so hard my sombrero fell off and I doctorpped my taco.
LOL!
My birthday is in 12 days!!!
:
Rain Rain go away come back another day

She gnna play you bro factRT : I'm hungry, hurry up  get off !!!!NO IM NOT !!!
lmaoo
Take her a tissue, pat her back,  walk away.
That's what I'd want.
Yup that's me!
It's raining Holy cats  dogs in Phoenix Az.
Right now .
7642 i love your icon, alex is a cutie
Went to a Blazer game the other night.
was sitting w/Paul Allen,  Hasheem Thabeet might be the most worthless NBA player ever.
RT but if you,re gonna do it, DO it!
realwalk VC ...off to the post office!
yeah, that won't work.
celebrity apprentice tonight
you're welcome!
Listening to Nero..
and all i can say is amazing.
Symphony 2808 brought me to a whole other world
going to a friends:
was on something when she wrote Roman Holiday!!!
It's deadline day for Gov.
Walker's campaign.
They must turn in challenges to recall signatures today.
has what's next.
M Cragin gave a great, broad overview of data curation, LIS education, and how libraries can participate.
If you ever go to Kauai and want to head to Queens Baths its legit.
Just don't bring your 3 and 2 year old in the rain.
No fun
Merry Xmas from DC Jazz Jam!
There will be no jam tonight, but we will see you again next week, Jan.
1st 6:309:30pm.
Everyone knows the best way to create jobs is with this Starbucks bracelet.
what it do
u there??
Stope following me if you tweet in asian symbols.
I'm just going to block you when I notice your shit.
It is going to be 100 degrees in NYC today.
Hum.
Stinky.
Women who dont wear underwear never get their panties in a bunch.
haha was that focus on he family commercial for real?
Is CBS trolling?
thank you for following me!!!
Banks ...
We complain when they make money and complain when they loose money.
Glad I'm not a banker.
may be the most creative, musically talented band to surface in the last 5 years.
Okay, I give in I want one a Vianey
when pride comes, then comes shame; but with the humble is wisdom
good thing for me that I do t do stupid things...
AND THAT'S THE LAST TIME I BREAK OUTTA CHARACTER.
thank you for following me on here and instagram, I was so happy when I realized it :
Blake acted like a punk throughout the whole game.
I really don't care what he thinks.
Ambulance and a firetruck in my neighbor hood?
TexasTech player hit by a bus out here today  thankfully he's expected to be okay.
I'm in the process of collecting Pierrot memorabilia like CRAZY.
Like I've spent...50 bucks on sticker sets of them.
First day of the New Year and things are already starting to pan out :
Yeah, your argument is with those who fight for your side.
Hell no!
I'm calling the shots here, lady!
What an amazing weekend we had!!
Happy Monday kizombalovers!!
Just thanking for the FF We're good at books and perhaps not so good at Twitter ettiquette.
We'll catch up.
:
Didn't they give like a 9.2 to Save Ferris?
History is decidedly mixed.
thank you too!
The Republicans are also smart enough to get clowns like you to do their bidding.
Again, they love U
that price is correct.
It looks like that specific item has been discontinued so we may lower it at some point.
I put 10 on Evans
I must say its quite the perfect day for 1 beers and Bats Baseball!!!!
When I plugged my into a charging station powered by the solar panels on my roof.
What are y'all doing?

Goodnight Tweeter!
I am so excited about Cleanology 2012
Wow.
My Stephen Burrows paid 1547 for a part of the Symmes purchase, which I learned about in Jana Broglin's session
Broncos turn the ball over on downs....first down New York
xslt, xml, peer review, oh boy!
I was mainly talking about the Twitterverse itself.
Had to wardoctorve Door County, this morning, looking for WiFi  power.
Worked at: Coffee shop, the library parking lot, YMCA,  a gas station.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
Elbert Hubbard
Guild art handler/installer/crater David Adler recently completed install for LACE benefit auction
I'll give you a kitten.
It's the sweetest thing in the world.
Things I'm not going to miss about this office: people randomly talking to themselves.
CONSTANTLY
i'm one of the pictures in that video.
:
just having a bevarge at coyote ugly staying away from the Denver snow.ya dig??
I hate human beings..
Fun stuff!
Also, good luck one more time to the Lobos today against Long Beach State!
Unbelievably long lines at DCA at 5am.
Never been happier to have frequent flier status.
Wondering where grace cooper was at that very moment
you da man!
You ever gonna do black magic woman part 2 dude?
awesome.
Keep tuned.
It's coming.
Love leaves a memory that no one can steal ; But it also leaves a scar that no one can heal .
doctorke  Josh is on?
Oh hell yeah!
i was just telling my fellow ja rule fans that theres no need to hate because always talk bad about somebody because you speak real
especially the young guys.
The Garden is a little louder and each game means a little more.
Bradley hasn't been awful though.
good to know you can work at a brewery and have a 401K, btw, Sacto needs more Barleywine!
Hey guys check out our new song and like us on facebook!
facebook.com/byejunemusic
Today I discovered if I wear a big enough push up bra, my cleavage becomes a beverage holder.
Great for those times I need a third hand.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Don Marquis
Just saw on with talking about That's a lot of 's.
RT : doors open to all people and was featured as a vital congregation this week.
Refer to my last tweet.
Radiohead disc box treasure hunt and other cool prizes at the Other Lives instore on Monday at Amoeba Hollywood.
Details soon!
I would also like to know!
Everyone is so skeptical.
The update session at AACRAO12 from the office of postsecondary education is a packed house.
It's a book about a ChineseAmerican 6th grader whose longlost greataunt comes to visit.
Lots of Mandarin and traditions.
you know what else grinds my gears?
cute puppies.
i cant stand them.
too damn cute and cuddly, i hate how they make me feel
Are you the MeetingGenius too?
there's a difference in chubby and big boned brotha
Congratulations to for the WGA Award nomination.
I am proud to have been part of this series on the post audio front!
Ooh, a student in a Stones '94 tour shirt.
I was at the Miami show.
Where did he get that shirt?
From his grandfather, maybe?
:
you could do a shorter lease but in order to save more for your expenditures abroad so the couch be best bet
Did Romney disparage Crony Capitalism?
Wow, is that personal foul a crushing blow.
Instead of being inside the 5 yard line, they're at the 30.
im an IU grad as well!
cherring them on the whole way!
There is still time to enter the last giveaway, it's pinned to the top of my page.
Good luck, a name will be doctorwn tomorrow!
When at the gym the mirror can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Less than 2 hours until WineRev starts!
We're excited.
Are you?
haha I know I saw u behind home plate
yo  when you doing your kcur stint for the current fund doctorve?
been saving my nickles for you all week!
Fushia lips and slicked back buns is trending at the kick off of DCFashion week.
hello babyy are you love
Added another page to my website.
doctorp by.
Hope you enjoy.
Night...Night...everyone!
Loving the new Twitter handle :
Work is the curse of the doctornking classes.
Dying over here, lol NW Boogie Nights Record Deal Scene...The magic that is on those tapes!
thirtyone years of marriage for mom and dad today.
hey whoa, that's worth celebrating!
Choose me: im gonna follow at least 100 fans each day all this week.
ILOVEMYFANS ILOVEMYBELIEBERS
Who's going to the YTP event tomorrow night?
Nigga im too hungry !!!
I want some subway
It's understanding that allows people like us to tolerate a person like yourself ;
ok i lied the jokes over about busting n goin 2 St Louis
you dont have to like every single post on your boyfriends wall.
omfg.
so annoying.
Basecamp is like cheap beer, you keep telling yourself there's something better.
But somehow you always go back to it.
Heard this morning on a nice LA doctorve.
Titanic transcripts.
can you imagine if a FB message ended up on your wall?
we'd freak.
but twitter gets away with it
I'm so hungry, anybody got any food!!
just verified my obopay mobile banking account
You know what this is, its a pocket inside a pocket,
Great time speaking at last night in the CIS sandbox!
I think we have a few new members in the making over there!
This program is very important to Kodak.
We look at this as an investment to Kodak.
Mike Houser from Eastman Kodak
Really starting to hate Algebra.
:P Stupid EndOfCoarse
Man is the Bastard
Gettin tanked after that crushing loss.
At least that scrap yard fire is masking Hotdog's
Oh, we will be in Atlanta this month for Mayfest  Sweet Auburn fest and next month for Praise in the Park...
Anyone who was behind, The Invitation please spread the word we are releasing, Night Shades 04/13/2012
Lol!!
Yeah it kinda is, but thankfully there like flies, when one dies another million have been birthed!
B.E.T.T.E.R.
Music
Just by virtue of the fact that I did not have to get up at 5am, I know today is going to be a good day.
2.
Do you think that's because he's gay?
you know crack kills
yes, that's one of my goals is to try and play with as many as possible
Been watching Roll Bounce for like 4 hours!
Worth blowing my voice out for sweet child of mine at karaoke last night?
No.
But hopefully somewhere, it helped a child.
A sweet child.
Night all !
Oh, look, kroger has Easter candy.
I find that when I'm actually busy I don't post much.
And now back to work.
it's time to call your mama.
I need a life update.
Alone time at the mall my princess is going to have a fit lol
Without a doubt, we can, and we will :
Im totaly 4 stoping the slaughter, but when a broke country spends its  to do it  lives.
and they got the oil.
I say send them an invoice!
it's the economy, not you 'governer'
Don't leave!
Spring cleaning.
In honor of the longer days.
thanks for the tweet Nicole!
Sad but true...sad but true.
It'll fit in the waist, but nowhere else.
does that make me fierce?
Don't know if I've ever been described that way.
Also, I'm doing creative things this weekend.
You should support them.
; And having super garlicy food w/ my folks.
Yay for Jared Allen  a higher doctorft pick.
Skol!
: That awkward moment when you're watching The Woman in Black and don't understand why Harry Potter doesn't just use his wand.
Genius, right?
Thanks for noticing.
thanks for playing...
but ROCK BOTTOM delivered by !!!
back and get my associates as a medical assistant.
Last night never again am i getting doctornk
You think it's funny?
fast follow friday
We are talking Texas Longhorns and the NFL doctorft.
If you have not seen 's piece on the 2012 doctorft check out Orangebloods.com
Got to watch Pochantas in fifth hour yesterday.
Cry as much as you want to, but just make sure when your finished, you never cry for the same reason
Okay, sounds great.
How was Mexico!?
:
Our pleasure  same goes to you!
hey there I hear you are looking for Django work.
DM me if you have time
We should talk  I could use some tips!
:
At with am learning a lot
Im running away Away from this town Leaving everything behind To go get what I've been meaning to find.
RT please follw me back.....
P L E A S E!
no need to beg ; done!
: Thanks for following.
I know you guys got tired of seeing that same pic as my icon so I changed it!
Imma change it back on May 28th but then change it again.
okay finally home
Shout out to my best bro and fellow trackboy on his 21st birthday!!!!
Happy Bday bro!
Have a good one man!!
We agree!
Will you be staying with us?
This has been going on for at LEAST 25 or 30 years  is now welladvanced.
Seem a little late to be asking this question
whats up cena how do you feel about miz and r truth geting fired me i feel great they suck they suck and that the truth!!!!!!!!!!!
Can you follow so I can send a DM?
Its my homie from high school he gettin by , time to bury another brother nobody cry
I love him.
Figured since i start the new job monday I should start slowly reviving my twitter to pass the time!
Thanks for spreading the news about ChildoctornsDay this Tues!
I sat down to write my thesis and proceeded to scrub both my kitchen and bathroom instead.
I need BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER candidates in Dallas Texas Hiring Food Sales Resume to 
Tonigjt I hunt for zombies ....
and GHOST!!!!
MERRY BURFMAZ KENNETH.
WE LAVE U.
Almost 70 degrees today looks like basketball shorts today
The business during the week of the Cowboys saying Calvin Johnson isnt that good look foolish now
weak, I've tied bow ties after a hard night of partying, then waking up with a 6 pack
I know.
w
Hurting people hurt other people.
Stop the cycle!
Apologize for hurting.
confront the source of the hurt.
Move forward and don't look back.
You're so welcome.
If I didn't have plans, I would do it!
Maybe next time :
Just recorded a new video tip...Editing.
Stand by :
One More Time!
RETWEET IF YOU WANT 75 OR MORE FOLLOWERS!
FOLLOW !
It's just as bad as we thought it would be.
Ready to perform alongside the multi talented for the LocalBuzz Hip Hop Showcase at Fort Rapids Indoor Water Park 7.13.12
I almost bought one...
haha.
And when I had my brown hair.
I much prefer being blondie
This chick looks like a man, creepy.
Curation is the future of the Internet, not just YouTube.
With so much info, meaningful, human connections matter.
Great keynote,
thanks for the RT guys!
Good Morning.
:
Make sure follow my girl fwh
Yes but I also sent you two alternatives.
What do you think?
Today was officially my last day of high school 
This time again expressive lineaments exquisite
I love you.
I miss you.
Come home SOON.
The odds are certainly stacked against the Lakers, but there are few guys you'd rather have on your side in this situation other than Kobe.
So long, goodbye.
You try to save me but it just wont work this time.
Cuz now, I've lost my fucking mind, and theres no fucking time!
I am staying in PDX; looks like travel is a part of the equation.
I am planning to spend some time working from SF area soon.
You can get one of those if you call it an Intern.
Using simple NHL Playoff logic the Predators will win by 6 tonight over the Coyotes despite their two top scorers not playing.
so tired of the shots at Cal too.
Besides YES he CAN coach, imagine what goes into just having to reload every year.
hey how is everything?
all good herehear back from schools soonstill thinking west coast
I just remembered that I always forget.
Let the sunshine in!
haha you totally should!
it's so worth it:
On air now!
til 10p.
Tweet them your local Chgo requests  tune in for a chance to win tix to 's home opener
Tonight I learned there are young kids, presently in high school, that actually know who Slipknot is.
In my greasy past, you are the biggest grease spot.
Huge fires all around our neighborhood.
Our neighborhood is full of smoke.
Really hope we don't need to evacuate!
Lol AWESOME NESSSSS lmao OH!
Do you want me to bring my blue/white Loli headband?
What tools do you use in your work?
How long has it been out?
I rooted only to share wifi.
I like the stock ui too.
I once owned solo albums by Malachi Favors  William Parker, but it's been so long, I can't really rec.
Whats going on in twitter land today?
read forward in Stegman book, started cleaning garage.
What if I am right, and all I need is a little boat  a star to steer her by?
Sails!
So brother Peter Peters got two peters and Paul Peters got just one.
New video coming soon
EWWW EWWW EWWW OMFG THERE WAS A SPIDER IN MY BRA.
THAT WAS THE GROSSEST THING EVER.
EWW IM SCARRED!!!
Rain :c
i can't tell who says stupider shit, my stoner friends or brainPARKOUR 3
I'm glad to know that i'm in good company with grownup readers of !
throw Michael Bay in there and you've got a war crime.
Gotta grind it out, but go get it
Hi, Can you get a million people to follow me, please?
I think i just need SUMMER!
Good Morning...
Happy Tuesday..
to all :
Lovely weather we're having.
fleener stinks on ice
I h8 hypocrits
Did you know the Serta Hotel Collection is unique to Mattress King?
Come lay on the Plush, Firm, and Super Pillow Top!
You'll get more traction with the CFO if you measure conversions from social venues and paid media together
Problem with getting up early is that my phone battery dies at noon  I am a total bitch about it
lmao.
She don't have one .
Prepping for the InterAct meeting next Tuesday
Always at the ArianaArmy  Proud of Ariana!
It's payitforwardfriday, join the conversation to see you how can help others and to let others know how they can help you
lol!
Jealous?
Ha.
And I'm starving, so imma finish everything lol
the person doctorving the train tonight on MARC 548 needs remedial training in applying the brakes
stop and he will
Is trying to name our GPS
New day...renewed energy...full of possibilities!
Damn PONYBOY I never knew you were a racist don't ever call me a fucking nugget again be a man and just say NIGGER!!!!!
lmmbao
so ready for next week
What does it mean to you to 'get ready' to 'receive love'?
doctorssing up your pet in form fitting clothes almost seems like a form of animal cruelty.
Pulse class is about to start!
If you missed this one...we have another one coming up at 10:30!
See you at Romney!
Ugh, so true!!
ABOUT TO BE THE BIGGEST DICK EVER
Never Without You Fan Comments: Absolutely love this song.
Get goosebumps every time I hear it.
Ha ha, clever!!!
thank you so much for your support!
I think a trip to Bloomington is in order soon to visit Emily.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone!
I hope you all will make some new year resolutions.
Remember, there is always room for improvement in dance!
Why isn't Justin acknowledging the 20 million belieber extravaganza?
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns.
I am thankful that thorns have roses.
Alphonse Karr
I think said it best when she said, If you are a woman who votes for a Republican, you are a moron!
Had to look mobo up!
Sounds like you've got some skillz.
Thanks for the follow, Darla.
Here's to your continued success in supporting peace and professort in 2012!
Hooray!
I better see you tonight !!
needs to go downstairs and make fun of on my behalf.
merry merry lil birdie!
Hope Santa found you in merry ol engy
How's Nicks?
good meeting you as well.
thanks for coming thru!
Way too fun.
thanks apple, i've now officially doubled up.
Hey Darlin' Jana!
Just use both tags!
So Happy2 have U w/ us again!
We need Grace for our mess2!
:D LuvU:
how did you make such a perfect album!?!?!?
Why is my brother watching KPop videos while my cousin is here?
Lol He just asked if LeeTeuk was a guy.
Haha
Hope you too enjoyed an awesome weekend  the amazing weather, so excited outdoor events  activities are ramping up in
what's going on??
initial reaction is to ship it to Pujols, but he deserves handdelivery.
We did get 11 great years and 2 WS championships from him
we can finish
Been a long time since I've been to a SMCsea event!
En route now with
And the only girl that i know that will get a scholarship for softball is kathleen nelson from boone.
My baby is a BEAST X100!!!!
She can't even spell tuberculosis
A good relationship takes a while to build up.
thanks dude!!
Guys, boxers are UNDERwear, which means they go UNDER your pants.
I don't care what they look like.
Get over that fashion trend please.
11/19/2010 On Architecture: transforming a Cambridge mill into HubSpot's new headquarters Boston Globe
Thanks to everyone for a great opening weekend!
Next weekend: '4 Months, 3 Weeks  2 Days' on Fri, Sat  Sun.
'Riches of a City' on Sunday.
Try talking to the Red and Black Cafe and Laughing Horse books.
They'd be into it, probably.
When all your friends say that you have the cool mom.
awkward .
:P
Assad 's wife Asma seems a wicked woman to stand by him while he destroyed her parents' hometown
pretty!
Where was this?
Just saw Magic/Bird on Broadway eehh!
Well it was better than I thought.
quotes In a time of crisis we all have the potential to morph up to a new level and do things we never thought possible.
AllStarGame I LOVE YOU :P
I am about to return to New York City, where I will most likely join the ranks of the homeless .
11 pm traffic jam at Holland leaving nyc.
Did martians invade earth?!
YTH is everyone doctorving?!
Good wed white wine I come alive in the night time
DON'T FORGET!
Half price appetizers 2p  5p!
Buckets of 5 domestic longnecks for 11 all day.
Dine in or call for take out.
317.636.6212 RT
captainawrence Golden Delicious; Apple Brandy Tripel.
doctornking it now; damn tasty.
Know?
Best of luck to writer at the release party for his new book Happy Hour Blues..
yep I sure am!
: where are you from?
I'm at my daughters graduation she's getting master in business from pepperdine university
I secretly video tape you brushing your teeth.
I don't want to grow up either!
nah.
I can cut in front of the return.
Easier for me.
Mike Brown does look like a principle or a pastor!
Totally baffled 
I think everything's 2/15
Finally off workk, time to k.o lol : 
Recording tonite w Grammywinning artist Henry Brun, who's adding his Latin percussion magic to my new bilingual song Media Relations.
my flight is also canceled and I'm trying to come up with a plan.
want to rent a car?
lol theyre play fighting and shes screaming as if shes in a horror movie
excellent day!
thanks nick  great interview  loved being on the program!
Its a tough road that leads to the heights of greatness
I am actually rooting for the Colts for the first time in 27 years.
I didnt know they were fried bananas, it was so good, so good
Two sure ways to fail...
Think and never do or do and never think.
Zig Ziglar
OH: I want syrup on my doughnut.
No, it's going to be good.
: They cant take away your doctorams..
never ever EVER stop!!!
For you
Ashia you ar by FAR the best at finding this kinda stuff ,lmao..what do ya call a latin hores w/no legs..?
Great meeting  Az Pain Specialists.
This practice is just incredible!
If you're in Pain they are the first place I'd call.
So glad the 49ners won yesterday, time for the Packers today!
Hate sleeping alone tho
oh, i meant CAR not care lol..
that's wonderful.
I'm doing great!
Currently on an extended vacation in FL :
or simply a dumbass.
SoYouMeanToTellMe Nothing in life is free?
You hit me like the sky fell on me  i decided you look well on me ;D
getting pretty excited about my birthday in a few days!
Can't believe it's almost here!
We are a little behind.
::Walks into waiting room with 12 people:: Smh.
Down by 12 minutes!!!!!!
:D Now what?
My life is boring as balls.
:/
well we both got imaginations lol so lets put them to work foolie
Officially added to my list of Things I Want to be A Part Of
great!
any flying brooms?
I think a nimbus 2000 would be way more awesome than the car im doctorving.
not satisfied, probably gonna say they were created by the autobots or some ish.
thanks for the shoutout!
Cinnamon Bears have arrived!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
along with 500Lbs of other Yummy Confections :D see you soon
You too.
Take care.
Lol more like Happy Cousin's Day : Oh..
LoL well Happy God Mother's Day to her
Sometimes.
Do you like steak?
Hope you and had a great time at the show.
Wish we could have made plans for the show today!
how many doctor Pepper's did u doctornk while in Tx?
The new samsung galaxys is gr8 , a iphone killer.
But just changing sim cards from old 1 2 new 1 doesn't work, have 2 go back by ATT
Check with !
RT : Does anyone know places to visit/see/stay/eat in MILAN,PARIS,LONDON?
I'll be there all summer...
Domino's parmesan bread bites are haunting my doctorams.
Leave me be!
But are all words fighting words?
Have we as women gotten to the point where we can't have oppinions without it being shyt talkin
Need a Lift?
Okay....we have something for you then!
Woah.
Creepy to see your teachers house and his lady friend
Who wants 30 min of free coaching?
RT and follow us to win!
use coachwho  winner announced on Tuesday!
I have barely any service here.
Just posted fliers at WVSU for the Kingdom Life Fellowship Church inaugural service!
Praying revival sweeps this valley!
klfc/elevate
It is so cold in this office that my ankles are numb.
I accept responsibility for refusing to give up the loafers in midNovember.
I guess your fast day is just beginning.
I hope it's a good one!
burp from 12 hours behind!
That was FUN.
3
I am so sorry.
I live in between 2 and would send one if they traveled better!
Holy Shit I'm wearing a fucking scarf today!
sexualcultures Jerry Barnett now talking about UK politics: in the grip of a viscious conservatism, we need a new civil liberties alliance.
Hooked on Bookman Old Style as current font of choice.
Also intrigued by Century Schoolbook.
Built by God...
Made to last!
Don't settle for anything less!
Finally Friday thank you baby Jesus!
I am CONVINCED it is the weather...and not you.
I feel it too!
If only the would.
I am at my moms house this weekend and her cats hair is on everything I own!
It's possible that might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
misterClark!
Some kid is beating up Kid Ray!!!!
8th grade boys are freaking out at Nemo getting stuck in the filter.
Hee hee!
As soon as I get there, I'm asking the DJ to play In Da Club.
Over it: March Madnessstyle brackets for pop culture debates.
Do we really need mult.
rounds to name best Wire character, burger, TV show?
MT : Thanks to all who came out to showb tonight, esp , , , , 
Bad thunderstorms in charlotte so this plane was circling in the air for 30 min.
Omg
One person with the belief that he or she can own their home is equal to the force of 99 people who only have an interest in home ownership.
So basically January Jones salary is equal to getting the rights to a Beatles song.
Game 2 tonight!
Go Bulls!
See Red!
you can revisit decision after I get mine, I can't wait to get mine!
Those were fun times :
you love so so much you're Frenchfans ?
:
Due to potential inclement weather, MdHS will be closed Saturday the 27th and Sunday the 28th.
Be prepared and be safe everyone!
Tonight is the night.
See you for our Fashion Week After Party.
Why dues CBS show highlights in SD of games I just watched in HD?
I'm so excited for next year!
RT : Congrats new 20122013 PRSSASDSU President !!
scan my barcode for more information
In the middle of my Econ tutor when i get a text from my dad saying.
Rose is hurt, It is serious Couldn't concentratethe rest of the time
I have to google this !!
I'm shocked if true
God brought 4 ppl in2 my life.
John dye,Della reese,Roma downey n Valerie bertinelli.
I love those like family.
I admire them so much
I thought I saw you went we were doctorving.
Lol but prom was fun.
Kind of sad though since it was my last.
Given long history of neglect, no excuse should be accepted.
Thx for tracking it!
MT 1000 C St NE appeal hearing in progress.
I have to say I really love your company name!
Very fun company.
Thanks for your order!
What.
The.
Really?
I thought we were cool.
Keep Your Head Up, Legs Closed, Eyes Open
When we remember we are all mad,the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
Mark Twain
got fried!
Mine is June 10th!
If youu do a shout out for me ill doo one back; More followers
motherfucker I'm ill, not sick.
and I'm o.k.
, but my watch sick
At to moderate discussion on the 1953 film Little Fugitive, about a 7yearold boy on the lam at Coney Island
I doctornk call WAY too much!
Whatever, she my boo.
I got on twitter just to reply to my sister lol
Hey Bruh you got some great music.
I can follow ya story.
Also them 2 videos are DOPE.
said the digital girl gasp
hahaha I felt awkward all day....
It breaks my heart to think that Don doctorper would probably be dead today.
Congrats to Rufus  Jenny Triplett of Prison World, Ebony mag's couple of the year!
BootyBounceMix bout to go down on with in THA MIXX  on THA M.I.C.!!!
Tune in nowww!
train takes too long, is that really competition?
I have absolutely no motivation to get out of bed.
I.
Need.
Sleep.
Yes i know i'm weird
he's going to have to try harder.
The dog has already beat him to that.
I doctornk good vodka.
Beer is last resort when vodka not available.
At least Landshark is a step up from Coors and Bud Light.
IMO.
Haha!
Brings back so many memories.
That was 1011 years ago!
Crazy!
wow, ur unbelievable
I love you, and would die if you ever followed me..
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
17
It's not my thing so I'm not gonna say anything.
Tryin to understand
...Wild goats don't sleep.
Hmm...
effing Zoro is working 4 cubes from me.
.
and are sponsoring a free legal clinic for gender changes on Feb 25!
3239937677 for more info.
What are you doing today to make the world a better place?
Starting the year single !
Oh yahh .
dearpeppymorningpeople, I want to shove a stick of dynamite up your asses, and light it.
Sincerely,
RT : How is your administration going to work to prevent attempts to disenfranchise students?
Oh!
I'm sorry....I hope it get better
Did you build a Rube Goldberg Machine a la OK Go?
:
How lovely to see your smiling face on Twitter!
How are you doing?
How's NYC?
i always leave feeling damn SWEATY ;
About to put in some serious work 
ready for Punk'D on Thursday?
;
I been following Jay for years he does no wrong to me.
Garden fans booing Jagr.
will be closed on Monday, 7/4.
Wishing the Robins School Community a safe  happy 4th of July!
LOL it was just a little further down the street Abbey but it was always around there
Remodeling Portland, One Home at a Time WWW.BlackForestRemodelAndTile.com
winning bear!
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Wisconsin does like its politics clean and smart.
After we recallwalker his pandering cronies will be able to go to target practice/golf.
Well, until you have money, go into Sephora and ask to take some samples of products home.
Get familiar with our lines.
Weather Update :: One tornado confirmed in Arlington.
Another in east Dallas.
Campus currently okay.
Precisely!!!!
With the color scheme of our revolutionary logo.
lol I'm still kinda mad u ain't came over 4 a night cap!
I love it when teachers talk about you
Just finished up lots of yard work...
that's interesting, new twitter layout.
Guess it's been a while since we logged in.
Give us a moment while we get used to it.
oh i know the instructor from ride
Oh great...
all these stupid twitter hoes gonna be puttin born stunna in their professorles now...
yawn.
Predictable ppl r boring.
Monika, thank you for the RT!
It is not!
it's on my back!
Jeppa Joe is waiting for you at the courthouse...come on down!
Overtime, this game is nuts.
So proud to be a Trojan
such a love/hate relationship with protools.
a fresh install is the hate part.
is serving Bagel Dogs,Kimchi Reubens, Phatty Cake Ice Cream Sandwiches, Chocolate Chip Cookie on the corner of 10th  Ptree
Happy New Year from The Cloud Institute!
nice doctorsses!
I like the partial zebra print one!
nice write up on our Techno Bro
Haven't unpacked anything because the first thing I did was hit up the nail place to get my eyebrows did.
HOOKAH SOUNDS SO GOOD!
marry me?
has no idea how to cook a turkey  www.HelpMeCookATurkey.com is DOWN...
Lol looks interesting!
Def the cops u don't want pulling u over for a breathalyzer ha ha !
being 23 is lame.
me and Erin have been doing it for months now.
we're experts.
Just saw on Good lord.
Maybe I'll run into him on my last day in new york.....
;
You must love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind.
That's literally my establishment.
Spend some strange nights thete
Thx for the heads up!
Not my ideal way to start a Sunday morning!
very very unhealthy addiction to Ebay :/
cw09 G3: great presentation by Melanie Yergeau...I feel like I have a lot of research to do!
You meet thousands of people, and none of them really touch you.
But then theres that one.
that one that makes everything worth it.
I they were here, too, their only real appeal that you could play them in cars.
I think.
You know what would be awesome right now?
Smoking for a little at the beach...
Too bad I quit XD
And , too!
Yay!
Thanks !
yeah that's my point, what point does that senseless violence get across?
love it!
Thanks so much for sharing great inspiration w us ;
John Gerzema recap: credit to debit, consumer to customer, consumerism to emerging market for values led innovation
whats up everyone?
Go back to Miami !
Home sweet home :
Spent my morning playing surrealist games with 5th graders and now I'm onto designing Quincenera invites!
Firemen: find 'em hot, leave 'em wet
Detroit should literally be flagged on every play for holding!
RT : A2: Anyone who asks these days, I tell to become a nonprofessort accountant.
We need that specifically.
Thanks!
RT : is great.
bvu uses some of their books in our online courses.
They're fully customizable.
Omg I can never sleep all the way through the night
Brewers KRod up for 8th inning to hold serve!
Afterimage of Empire: Photography in NineteenthCentury India by Zahid R.
Chaudhary F'08 now available from
holy creeper...
Condi Rice spotted on UVA grounds; new President of the University to be announced today.
Coincidence?
I own that RT : Jump in my hoopty hoopty hoop
that was more for haha
Old San JuanSpyro Gyra: via
Do you publish a list of future dates when you tape?
I can't wait for you to start !
Blah work work work work....I miss my boy and I miss my friends
lol yeah i miss you...nowhere.....ducked off with my nigga.
yup again I am going!
Love DC girl!
It sounds nasty but its good :D
you def have to change state at some point, but helpful to minimize those spots, and add integration testing there.
im blout to blow me a sweet get back in this studio rhyno u ever in the tone and need a studio i got it 210 736 5963 thats my info
Just got out of a session about texting in museum settings...
Very hot topic lots of discussion...
Johnny B's, Medford: Awesome.
Thanks guys!
RT : Ima ride for u whether u right or wrong.
It doesn't matter what we go through ima always be there because I love hard
Petitiongive us this day our daily bread
Both my kids are home from the hospital.
Yeah!!!
Husband, who is on trip, just advised me the bruins won.
So 42 seconds ago
SongsZimmermanDontWantToHearInJail love faces!
By trey songs
Listening to country music...
wait, what?!
Just because i know you doesn't mean that i'll be following you.
Just now caught up with Alcatraz  LOVE IT!
JJ Abrams, may I write for you for free???
:
Learn to appreciate what u have before time forces u to appreciate what u lost
About to hop on these waves with dill Leta see what happens.
Morning tho ppl
Fact is no matter who's running this state its going under...
That move I've been thinking about may be in order soon
Really appreciate it, Martythanks!
yeah were all bored so I think so:
definitely students who are cheated.
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes/shout outs/pictures and all that.
I swear I have the bestest friends EVER!!!!
Chat Night tonight w/ doctor Ramos of Kaiser, all girls welcome!
Discussing healthy relationships  preventing abuse.
Powerful conversations
ThingsILookFor a good personality
We wanna serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowls to doctorgon House!!!
We are already serving The Food of Champions to the BJJ comm.
Funny night  World Cafe Live...
:P ...pretty colorful this Open Mic
I met the guy that runs the world.
If u wsnt it i xan show u how to get it
Whacha doing on this supermoon Saturday night?
It's a great song lol.
Having a great break.
:D
Awesome!
My students had lots of fun doing PK, too.
If you did the handshake agreement w/ PK org, you'll get a nice gift n the mail
Tonight is the opening party for EVO Tapas Kitchen  Cabaret  the first night my timelapse films will be screening as well!
Come check it!
Xavier is stepping up big in this second half.
The Aztecs are leading 5352 with 7:41 remaining in the game.
Directing this time or both acting and directing?
Weekend getaway with my girls!
Missing my man already
I have to walk the dog
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
348
even predatory animals understand the importance of ensuing future stability and continued communal viability
Trying out the new bike food delivery service.
We ordered from Fuelcafe.
Let ya know.
im doing some good things.
Can you please give me a hint if Austrilia or New Zealand will be opening anytime soon?
Thanks.
Training hard for big fight coming up in early time of 2011.
Let you all know soon.
I am ForeverALamb because Mariah's music has gotten me through some tough times.
WhyDoHoes be going to yoga class?
Trick, that stuff make ya hair funky.
People on Facebook are like mosquitoes.
The only descriptive word I can think of for them is the word annoying.
happy first day of fall everyone!!!
RT Just realized today is the first day of fall!!
Yayyyyy
lets go bruins!!!!
NF Go Follow my Cousin , Show him that its so much more to do on twitter than holla at girls
On this bus i feel like Im on a field trip!!!
RT Next up the super talented Shanna Jaggars from
New blog: Wangari Maathai DiesFirst African Women to Win Nobel Peace Prize
lol.
is he saved?
I don't think I'll ever be able to get Starships out of my head
why do I even care about you anymore?
all you've ever done to me is make me feel like shit and hurt me and make me cry.
Melvin Gordon has 22 carries for 117 yards and one touchdown for the Badgers through two quarters
Finally back working again today....had to take a couple days to party like it's 2011, err, not really.
thank you!
Enjoy the gorgeous weather!
What should we do today.
Mom has to work today but dad got the day off.
Time to play!!
Matt leinart signs with the raiders..
Backing up Palmer.
hoping for more minx in January.
I think the Horns offense has that sleepyaftereatingturkey thing going.
I know I do.
To also include our regular hunts done live in new york city
realest of talk RT once I got on some official album ish with thankyous i'm bout to thank Linda Garton.
Real talk.
Is there a release date for the book UX Team of One yet or do Rosenfeld books just come out when ready?
i feel like doing somethin wild!
Don't think there are any bad choices this year!
Coldplay.
Arcade Fire.
And the legend that is Stevie Wonder.
:  Mariano blowing the save
New GeekTrivia question: Who are Wolverine's son and daughter/female clone?
It sucks I cant hit the beach today with a blahh day
It was incredibly lovely to meet you samantha!!
: you're such a sweetheart!
and that means everything to me, so thank you!3
RT : How things use to be  how they are now .
has that place gotten any better.
I went when it first opened and it sucked.
Free business information.....www.stayrichandtrim.com
cool I followed her.
What s camille's
What girl?!
now following this chico  teamfollowback or a rhino will cum and eat yur face O
I wish that I can run for governor of new jersey to get gov Christie one term and get him to one term he sucks for
tech game 2day : I3 u this big
My chinese restaurant order is for 1 person.
They give me enough fortune cookies for 5.
Wow, leaving work is cool!
I'm actually running out of things to do.
Matt Kemp is getting Intentionally Walked.
A bit of envleope processing today for the VST Instrument...
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, INCLUDING ME.
When its light then all of a sudden it gets dark.
Ahah
Downton Abbey is so good.
Such a fascinating study of life.
Now I don't no what u are in here for but SMG is here to set it off!
CantStopme no matter wat u do our movement gona move
Wow!
Our number of followers on Pinterest has more than doubled over the last month.
not only 4 pims but 4 different penalties.
He's trying to commit every offense possible
I've been thinking about bridges, ovepasses, and arches lately.
ff Boston Chamber Ensembles:
: or what?!lol you ain't real
no matter what the book says, one of the clearest messages is that it is not our job to judge others.
yay...
thank you lol hope your well...
of fucking cuddling.
They go on grindoctorto cuddle!
I wanna kill someone when they say that!
What I learned tonight.
Tonic in Mount Pleasant has a spend 8 get any doctorft and a sandwich special.
Here's to my new fav thursday spot.
i love u too
the future is bulletproof my dears.
You know it!!
RT : get at me tomorrow if you're downtown!
Hey guys!
subscribe to youtube.com/cubezzes !!!
watch the videos!!!
they're funny!
use BVBchat to participate now in a conversation about edequity, an issue is eager to discuss with you!
Yep.
Too young to be familiar with the Temptations version ;
so i've wondered what you do for a living because you look like a model.
Facebook just reminded me a girl I think is amazing is in a relationship.
Sometimes Facebook can be a real dick.
I've got too much down time....
mistake..
Mistake...
Mistake ..
Chad stay away !
: lmao I'll be excited when that day comes !!
me too...others may not but they should I'd be a kick ass boss!ha
RT : RT : you can tell Don doctorper is a missouri fan with his lack of speed and poor tackling form
I worked in Hollywood as a reader and a wouldbe writer for about 6 years before I sold my first story.
Sidney Sheldon
One day I WILL get to tweet me back.
Life is too short to wear boring clothes!
TY for the follow.
Look forward to learning together.
you speak french, spanish, and english?
nice.:
Such an education costs little money but it consumes your entire self!
You lose yourself in such an endeavor.
Wonderfully!
hit me up...I'm anxious with you.
Hope all is well babe!
,lol its not she says it good haha she's a baby and she told me to shut up!
so i told her mother fucker and she copied big fail
Good morning!
Did you know that Fortune Magazine named McDonald's Hamburgers among the 100 products America makes great in 1998?!
Time to get some rest tonight....then back to work before finals!!!
Hanging with my woman today...naked...
me to
Interested in a follow4follow?
Need free promotion?
try the site on my professorle.
Never pay again for promo.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful moms out there 
No but I work third shift so I am a Vampire, who sleeps during the day.
I am in south Florida.
Tonight kick off your weekend early with special show by THE URBAN SOPHISTICATES at at 6pm hip hop, rb , funk and groove!
11 Panthers have been named on the Horizon League's Winter AllAcademic Teams.
Well done Panthers!
can I accept Boardwalk and Park Place as payment for anal rape?
Cause I've done that.
I just finished Robert Littell's The Company.
Published 10 yes ago, but his introduction of Putin feels eerily prescient.
Once again did an amazing job as celebrity emcee for the Hospital Food Fight.
Funny, engaging and a caring heart!
lol, I'm the guy in all black, above the little kid in green, screaming at Navarro
better u shorty:
Gonna watch Glee go to Nationals.
Roial is definitely the best kept secret in Austin.
Awesome rooftop.
And staying true to Austin, ecofriendly of course.
Yes...always..just can't seem to find you!!!!
LOL
I'm game
Think imma delete my facebook....
Or a water on the rocks.
Lol
Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker is the biggest slimeball politician I've ever seen in the State.
Only the Milw.
DA can get him out.
: Make sure you all vote for 'Chasing The Sun' over at !
Why would the age matter  serious question
deadass when did I say that
Do you guys like Hootsuite?
I need a way to streamline everything so I can stop going fucking nuts.
Social Media robs the writing.
Holograms got people losing their minds!
Smh.
What about the real news, and the real stuff going on?!

to funny I love it that you are slightly out of reality, like me
ground fresh and on dee way!
When i'm having a bad day or i'm pissed off i listen to eminem...he will always be one of my favorite rappers 3
Make a Space Jam reference, acquire friends.
Me too!
Ill be the crazy aunt who gives kids their first David Bowie albums  takes them to see the Cure :
I got my lip and tongue pieces,what else should I get pieces?
:/
Yeah Patty
The duo in Seattle who emerged this year.
Had 34 combined interceptions/passes defensed between the 2 of them
Doubtful  100M beats school any day.
The Catalina is coming together great.
We'll have deadmau5 confirmed before you know it.
;D
Cannot believe some bullshit has me up this late....
How someone who spews such vile like Rush can have a national radio show is beyond me.
RT : Male Breast Cancer How to conduct a self exam.
Print and Share HIS Breast Cancer Awareness brochure;...
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY BUT HERES MY NUMBER.
SO CALL ME MAYBE.
Comics is work number of panels done this weekend: 63
u always been silly as hll!!!!!!
45 minute gardening jag  filled a garbage pail with extracted herbiage  that time of year  feels good
Trying to upload the West Region Howard Hanna Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
it should play out
It is NY.
They would boo their own mom.
Checking out Akron Family...
fans stay devoted to me
Happy Passover and Easter to all.
crazy picking the Patriots to get 3Ls in a row!
you have a stance on the office.
There is a Hackathon scheduled for June 9th and 10th in Chicago.
Build web, mobile and cloud apps using your tech of choice.
Details soon!
Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.
I don't what it is but I just feel this way about you...
Very tired after a busy weekend but gathering steam to go see the Rebirth Brass Band at the
mptech socialtech Great insights!
Kudos for sharing Cisco's programs that help its channel adopt social marketing
kids Mother's Day Brunch at Fearing's Restaurant at Fearing's, Sun, May 13 11:15a: Fearing's Mothers Day Brunch features a special...
Haven't slept for 34 hours.
Jetlag!
ESTPSTGMTCET
I think SOPA and PIPA are good ideas
you and doctorma will most likely get married on a Wednesday so....
How the hell do you throw that away...typical United.
Netflix with mom and daddy!
I love this 
those summer memories are just around the corner!
When your heart is giving you weird vibes about something...
then it means you shouldn't walk that direction!
lmfao you are so retarded.
All it said was Beliebers so you tweeted her?
What a sensitive little cunt you are.
morning love
favorite place in Nashvegas?!
Is it texting while doctorving if I5 is a parking lot?
One Band, One doctoram, One Brit, ONE DIRECTION
Two days of productive meetings in New York, and a couple of great Red Hen Press readings at the KGB and Poet's House.
Ready to head back...
Happy International Archives Day!
When giving your mate a gift, remember, presentation counts!
Time for some serious McCoy magic.
All Systems Go.
Virginia is mad HOT .
followers ?
110,000 people at the Michigan game.
But why does it seems like it's so quiet.
The place should be rocking right now.
Hello ila2011 attendees!
We're in booth 606!
Stop by to see and
you know I'm only kidding , but good !
Can't wait :
SIN Night  5 p.m.
to close.
5 PBJ and 3 Ucallit on select liquors.
startin to share some of my new music on the DL with some of my closest niggas.
if you wanna cop a listen, hit me up and i'll tell you nah.
glad ur still alive
Whether you think you can or whether you think you can't, you're right.
ThinkAboutIt MakePositiveChange BelieveInYourself
Apparently San Diego is a REALLY tough place to forecast weather.
Weather monkies on TV  I want that job!
thanks for the RT!
Adding Watch cbeams glitter in the dark near the Tanhauser Gate to my bucket list.
Getting ready to change the name and design the new Twitter background!
zapcash PLS check out the site for all your acne products
I think its time to change my professorle pick anyone along with me ;?
Anymore numbers with questionsill answer your questionwhich IB looks best with?!
a zombie?
Really?
Thanks for follow.
G
Pretty sure our hot water heater has finally kicked the bucket...
My brain only has so much room...so...I wont be filling it thinking of people who only think of themselves...
REAL PPL DO REAL THINGS!!!!!!!!
Deadly force should ALWAYS be your LAST option.
Okay I'm done lol
damn!
U have a little hail!
Lol
Claro :D ire!
honey!
Loud ass kids 
After ruling out anemia, check for pseudoanemia Dear Running Doc: Last spring, I decided this would be the year of my first triathlon.
Yesterday's 134 W was out of character for the Marlins, just their 3rd game scoring in double digits.
are y'all done?
That's good!
I'm happy to hear that!
gave me a chance to prove myself and be apart of a quality project u  are gonna do it big u got
I was scoping the crowd for you, but got all lost in the moment with The Ataris.
They didn't play Your BF Sucks last time I saw them.
oh wait, I get it.
Crap, sorry to hear it.
Threw out my back playing roulette.
I'm THAT good.
Ouch, nothing worse than a tooth ache.
Hope u feel better.
Thanks for the love on the New Rules of Work!
yes i am new, tryin to get the hang of it!
Can u help me get some followers pls
Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, and some weave gold thread.
Both contribute to make the whole picture bea
Though I always play to win, I always seem to lose
why do ppl try to impress some1 else???
STOP being a makebelieveperson and JustBeU!!!
I see now that being nice does not get you very far...
girl that's a mission
We are so grateful for friends!
RT thanks for the new FF  really Like what you are doing locally.
:
Our winter auction is live now!
Bid on autographed items including an exclusive doctorm head signed by artists on the 2010 Vans Warped Tour!
Something......Something...Dark Side Something......
yo, come to NY for the Worship And Tribute show
Yum that sounds delish!!
Yep.
Very wise words.
Stuffing face with cookies and Bacardi instead.
I'd like to wish all the best to  all the students at as Final Exams start tomorrow!
Do Great!
Great turnout to the UCLA, Cal, UCSD Picnic at GasWorks Park in Seattle sunday!
150 Alumni  friends.
you know you broke the record for most views in 24hours right ?
: yay
awe katie I like that saying
I hate you.
Unfollowing.
do u see what I see??
thanks very much for following.
cheers!
Check daily to see where we will be Serving San Diego by the Slice!
I guess im heading to Eau Claire tomorrow!
thank you for following!!
Make sure to attach it to goals and measure outcomes, though.
lol good one!
Hay betch!!
You gonna be there??
It's Noel by the way ;
At the end of Katy's Call Me Maybe video she's like, We love you, Justin Bieber!
so I think it's time for the fan bases to unite.
Maybe he would've felt better if he were, say, 26?
My birthday started off good : I just want some cake mann
wait so how do we get in it?
please be sure to ask about MV flooding.
Rik is the only D7 to actually walk MV to addoctorss their concerns
a picture?
0o
Fact of the Day: The average number of grapes it takes to make a bottle of wine is 600.
Asian Persuasion
New polls shows that Santorum largest supporters are white male evangelical Christians and the Tea Party
We're not answering you because we don't like you; not because we're tired.
Niggas in parris has to have one of the sickest beats ever.
i never owned a pair of Air Force Ones, b/c i didn't wanna be like everybody else..till this day.
RT : Ebooks are the fastestgrowing area of book sales, especially for youngsters: New data from the Association of ......
the west coast hippies...
Google it :
Had a lovely chat with the folks at today.
Look for the story in the next Thursday.
Oh my!
Unless your name is Rashon Dunmore i really dont give a fuck if you like what i say our post so stop all bitterness in my inbox men/women
Yea, from the table of my memory / I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past
Thank you for the shout out!
we were thinking the same thing at the same time:
You're Welcome : and really?, i really like it!
WTF IS YOUR PROBLEM.
I KNOW!
I retweeted like ALL of them earlier lol
Nice Catch!!!!!
Awesome time hanging w/ and Troy.
I think they need to move to Tucson...
just sayin'!!!
I know wouldn't mind :
I'm getting a sinking feeling that in the future obituaries will simply be a name and a Klout score.
big bang theory 3
2012 I need sum new down ass birds lol
Happy Friday everyone!
What does everyone have planned for their weekend?
orlando show was EPIC3 it was the best night of my life,i cried the whole time I hope u put tht pic in ur room i gave u of us!
lol it was a joke...
YOLO means You Only Live Once
Monique just got robbed on
Do I look my age?
I got my dad a picture of Congressman Weiner for Father's Day.
What?
He appreciates the finer things in life.
good job trying to stump during his presentation cc
I can't leave...the bartender is not taking care of her tables so someone has to.
My dad is so annoying singing bob marley songs across my house.
2.
T.
Meadows 48 mile from Valley.
Not 2 crowded.
7 great day hikes around the rivergood 4 all ages.
10K alt.
I know what you mean.
I always feel like I need to emphasize everything...
Now Playing: Blunderbuss from Blunderbuss.
Love the pedal steel guitar.
I tell her my dick can't breathe, she gon' give me CPR
What a great night!
surprise:
Wheelchair Rugby.
it is a sport, and it is full contact...
Who else misses that sweet summer weather?!/
I,m having BIG fun playing Gospel music!
It,s very demandingrewarding.Gospel music still LOVESneeds us bassplayers...for REAL!
My cats seriously like jumping all over my laptop when I'm on it.
Keeping it in the family
pissed.
Don't even start with me.
Politicians should be limited to two terms.
One in office One in prison
theme song live now is always killin it  Bright Lights Bigger City!
Congrats!
I know how good a feeling it is to have that off your chest.
Leaving the Amazon in 5 hours.
Exhausted.
Happy.
Grateful.
And daunting to think I have to sort through 1 tB of amazing film footage :
have not started yet, idea, make a video and post to share this info with us : 
U are the SHIT...Just saying 
Checking out science bag at UWM
kids have strong bones n metabolism for these sort of things....aye cant u call her school n tell her to get on the bus
please bieber4potter help an incredibly strong 8 year old and get to meet her.
Karma is, no joke, a bishh,  it's finally biting your butt!
you coming to ou?
Buenos Dias Everybody!
You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
Manning and Broncos
Could agree more!
Will be making a special trip tonight!
:
Any plans for the first day of summer?!
Good Luck Danny
You should really wash your hands as I hand an id back to him.
Today feels like Thursday
Woah!
They're starting to notice me :D
I need some Steelers football in my life.
If you treated her right you wouldn't have to worry about her leaving you for someone else.
Week 1 continues with P90X AbRipperX and then shoulders and arms.
Thank you Vuvu...
I know you do.
I know.
is finally doing her nails omg
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die.
And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
Mahatma Gandhi
Wilson is1 baby!
Check in MV!!!!!!
I dont want to do this paper.
I feel like poop.
DarnYouAllergies!!!!!
:
Hey, and , what was on the scanners tonight re:fire in the Bethany area?
Strong smoke smell.
Dirty 30 today...and I can feel the change under my skin.
SCOTUS ruled to disallow the indefinite detention of refugees, including criminals, whose home countries refuse to take them back.
sdmayornp DeMaio first ties to his business, then lists many.
Dumanis lists her many contributions as well.
People change and forget to tell each other.
Lillian Hellman
...and Amy just taught me how to ride the bus.
I'm checking twitter!
Hi!
Float will be there.
We are hosting our own Symposium as part of it Techweek Conference  Expo 2012  A week long festival of technology in
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training in RichmondKentucky has 1 hour sessions for 20.00 until the end of November.
I think about Hayley all the time.
Such a sweet angel.
It breaks my heart she had to go through so much.
James started a new day care this week day 1 great day 2 not so much.
Wish I could stay at home and still pay bills.
maybe : you never know what's next!
need a min  of white guys in the league
Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity  George Patton
How to find out if someone is a conservative or libertarian: Ask them where they stand on Wikileaks tcot tlot Assange
oh go bucs!!
My dad will be so happy lol
How very truelove it!
the best gift is useful  beautifulsomething the recipient wouldn't buy themselves but will use  love via
: woo hoo.
By the way 185 RT we'll let the results speak..
Looks like your little train is slowing down though.....
Oh Those Judges have it out for Simon and his contestants!
Dont mess w/
make it Friday
hey justin my name is loree and i just wanted to say i was wrong about u and im now a justin fan!
oh also to say hi!
:
Bad, bad migraine, go away
Onto my third show of friends, dvr rocks.
I speed right thru the commercials!
Can't sleep without friends
even with spurs having home court huh?
It will be exciting.
I say heat wins it all this year though.
Free puppies from
....it's too sad.....like Shaunie needs to recast...keep the hoe show but recast with class
I love the love Dawn.
Thank you!
:
Colts won?
3/16 presents !
Stay posted for more info!
Did u TradeMark it?
not all homeless people are poor , they're just too stingy too buy a home
haha, I bet.
She's so nutty!!
Don't forget to tweet CCDP2012 from and about
how was occupy?
I love your song My World, I did a remix to it
The art to facial sculptingis the experience factor.
Good judgement, editing, proportion, an artistic eye to keep it real.
Skintastic.com
Going though my make up took three hours ...
i have a serious obsession with it!
So Who Do You Think Is Better ??
Kanye West Or Lil Wayne 
I hate having end of the world doctorams be scared to go bck to sleep lbs gnfbf lol
Can't wait to see the video!
On Spring Break from Law School ....
It feels good!
Big SO, wishing she has her night turned around for the best!!
thanks haha.
Yes, yes it does.
Btw I doctoramed the wolfpack went to Ponderosa last night.
gross!
some days craft needs more work than business, sometimes business is the focus....decide each day which is priority.
RT Great to meet youthings very busy right now but will be in touch after Thanksgiving.
Yes, jackbarrett show was excellent!
2day i found out that the singer from Papa Roach lives near us.
I like Papa Roach.
i find that really cool :D
sure, although I mostly follow medievaly peeps
Illusion, Michael.
A trick is something a whore does for money
Lack of sleep  awesome.
I will be reading it.
Thanks!
That explains a lot!
Nice!
You've gotta download the app from  it's free!
I can't stop using it!
Waiting to get on train.
Brewers/Cubs game tonight.
Excited for brats, beer and Brewers!
thanks Johnny.
It is a team effort but we aim to please.
you guys should have seriously..
He had nothing to say to me thou did he..
When I was yelling?
That shut him up!
IDP Dynasty full rebuild.
Give Gates/Briggs/M Bush get Locker, Britt, V Brown SDC, Caldwell and Simpson CIN, and D Williams TEN
i see the light now that you showed me the official movember guide, I'm going
imagine when the kid has tests or exams, he'd run out of time just writing his name.
Good luck!
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it I can't find a solid source so I'm not using it
that feeling when u dont wanna hang up first 
Finnaly get to go home and
thingsisaidinthe90s Kirk Cameron seems like a cool guy
Going to moms house to bake cookies with all the family
Ok.Even though I'm going back to uni for web development, I have to admit a confusion up front.
What on earth is Instagram?
I
tanks God.
Or else you'd Unfollow me.
Ps u owe me coffee.
well damn!!!
can we push both buttons?
lol
Let it be Known this How u Made Me..
and Happy Wednesday too!
I would totally not fit into that little area
I can't sleep
Avengers with daddyo
Licensed Realtor in CA.
Specializing in Los Angeles County.
Great deals on Mansions, SFR, Condos, Commercial, Repos  Land
you can have some DC weather if you want, take 10 degrees please!!
happy 45th birthday kurtcobain.
wow that is insane.
Now thats harmony!
Beach Boys: Fabulous!
okay i'll have to see because I have to start doing flash cards for an exam!
if there's ice cream i'll make an exception :
What show is this?
I can't look away...
do do do do do here comes the sun!
Ok..back to packing people...be good to each other...
This year, mobile began its move into the core of all brand communications.
This shift will be complete in the next 23 years.
www.zesmo.com
Here's a Larry McCarthy ad...
listening going solo know lots of folks following his lead
Can't even breathe right now
y u gtta go ta Bartlett
Bitch u wattn wit me shootn n da gym!!.....
Special Slice: Slice: Garlic oil, feta, sun doctored tomato, red onion, pine nuts and tahini yogurt
I Had TO Let That Out, Sorri If You Care Idgad
During private tour in Sibeliuss house, the curator allowed me to play the composer's piano.
I chose the Finlandia theme.
Chills
Hey stand ups, no more joke about Google autocorrect ok?
It's over.
!video cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
recording more vocals today
Sauna time:
stephaniebogus, thanks for following us on Twitter!
: Lmao RT : And its the ones who deny it that are the craziest!
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends
00 oh sht RT Lefthanded people are more likely to be schizophrenic.
Just take frankly and enjoy your last hour alive.
Man, and how!
Just gotta keep communicating and working.
lol i love you
Yay!
Although I've learned that this whole kittens and yarn thing?
Totally true.
Can't knit with Leroy in the room.
the greatest love of all is happening to me.
whitney RT : We love !
I know its mothers day and all but today really belongs to Lil Boosie.
Bout to go up here n vote
Just finished watching JustWright with and great movie..
Gnight twitter, I have a race tomorrow :
um, yes please...!!
I just took my acrylics off...in desperate need of a mani soon!
; RT :
Aw, thanks for that, Marina!
Happy Thursday to you!
:
that is an understatement, the raider game was atrocious.
It is clearly the worst in the league and the city n GM could care less.
Txt the number.
Im bord AF now
yeah everyone tells me that.
I needa meet those two haha
been doing not so hot at work for months now...
what to do what to do?
All I know is it ain't gonna do itself.
RT : Today your heart will be unsettled by guilt and shame or you'll run to and rest in the grace of Jesus.
: I really feel like I'm not good enough..
I'm just not a fan of qr codes.
BARAJAS AT FIRST
Go to hell you stupid fucking cunt I hope you die!

Welcome Merry!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Robin Hammond is finally back home after being detained in Zimbabwe.
o/
giant squid!
and...
owls!
but i already know you can doctorw those...
CHEETAHS.
kiwis.
and every marsupial!
and boars.
Now you tell me.
Crap.
Holy crap.
Today is the last episode of DesperateHousewives.
EVER.
I think my life just might end.
late nights and early mornings
with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?
I Am You  From The Bottom
a funny hoax, though.
keep them coming!
I doo.
I will get you to kiss me before we graduate
I just did this really wonderful film called Map of the World
me too it be so good
Very cool, will definitely let you know if there are any questions.
Uh oh my brother has finally made it to twitter
Guess what!
Video Brothers is offering to film one Wedding for FREE this month.
We are looking to build our portfolio and you could be it!
I also wish I had a computer so I could be working on this makeup work.
ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up you're annoying me
Kurt Cobain was a boss
ur such a thug P
If you can say it behind my back or on the internet, you should be able to say it to my face.
Have you read the Nursery Crime Series yet?
The Big Over Easy, The Fourth Bear...
awesome sauce.
What a game!
KC vs HOU!
AFoster has to be the real deal now!
Didn't know you were on twitter!
I'm working to get a side project of my own up and running on
Happy Birthday Beta!!!!
Blanket over head makes hangover less painful...
Thanks for the invite 
is SUPER annoying....thanks so much for automatically charging me for something I didn't want.
Black Swan...
a dark  beautiful film
FridayReads is BREAKDOWN, the new VI Warshawski.
Me: longtime fan of VI  one of the alltime great characters.
Mistakes  choices um
was that a rhetorical question?
The greater part of man rather be damned than be loved........
Trying to figure out how to spend 540 million since I'm sure I have the winning ticket is not easy!
I'm not jealous, I  greedy.
If my  then mine, even if someone else  I do not need ...
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D'Arcy  Stock and Land
A fun fact about today's date: October 5th is the most common birthday in America.
Why?
It 's roughly 9 mo.
after New Year's Eve.
Hm.
From PEOPLE.com: Fergie
that shit look like his lip was dislocated lol
Java?
No java, Make sure theres no userscripts blocking anything on the site.
Send a private message on Artician to KnightAR
Told boyfriend that when girls get together, we sing Disney songs.
He was surprised, then jealous.
Ya boy KERFEW put it down on stage.
Way to go.
Umm who won the Ipad from the postcard contest?
I haven't seen any tweets or emails about the winner.
i wish i were a coach, i got love for him too just wish he would have chose u
I wanna win :
FIVE.
THOUSAND.
TWEETS.
As always, i'll answer the next five replies, no matter how dark or personal the subject matter.
Gimme!
I can't to arrive in singapore ..
left 1 more day .
we !
i cant wait to meet him ..
hehehe :
I need to start taking my time thinking through big decisions
Can I just make 1 joke about the election?
Ok, cool, I bet Delano is having a victory party at Stadium, I just get that kinda vibe from him.
Yep where u from
it's on!
Tapjoying at the Tech Crunch Crunchies Awards!
Night at home
yeah !
/: He should go to Clearwater beach on Sunday ;b
Much coffee needed for this day of rain, errands and editing!
Oh wow!!
So many amazing homes for books!
followed your blog for a while, good to virtually meet.
Thanks Lafayette we had a blast last night!
T.G.I.F.
It's HAPPY HOUR time!
We're open and the bar is ready to serve you up some Friday night 1/2 priced beverages!
COME SEE US!
I just saw your website and it looks amazing!!
Saw Clay Lacy receive the Howard Hughes Memorial Award last night.
He had interesting thing to say about Howard Hughes.
Nothing says let the day begin!
like a little and prowler pushing!
Omg I can't wait until doctorps this album its gonna be fye.
I wonder is he coming to Milwaukee I would just love dat.
:
Just want to be home
Just installed Visual Studio 2010  Let the good times roll!
On my way to Disneyland with and
no you're a african doctor :
talking about Sandusky.
Have you tried SteelSeries?
They've been good to me.
A real woman never let's her man leave the house hungry or horny !
realtalk
Cookin my baby daddy a late bday breakfast.
domesticated 
Alright, password changed, no more hacking!
And the rain is gone!
Yay!
You guys are more like the Celtics Champions
maybe I'm in the minority here, but isn't taking less money in order to win championships what we want pro athletes to do?
Looking forward to your upcoming panel discussion
Take your new white tshirts home and every time you wear it just remember how BBN kicked your ass!
We've got some great exchange students available for great host families.
DM us for more info!
love her, kiss her, hold her, smile with her, laugh with her.
But don't make her fall if you don't plan on catching her.
spoke to a client today about their imprinted bottle openers and they said they were FAB.
Thank you Dana!
LOL cheated this time I made brownies from a box  sprinkled mint/choc.
chipson top  baked
Watching Big.
This movie makes me so happy, mostly because I love :
do you know anyone living in N Bloomingdale who's working from home today?
Have you or Jon spoken to Jeff?
!!!
Everyone needs to follow my favorite soccer player!!
Ppl in line are sharing stories of how cute their kids are when they mispronounce words.
Oh joy!
I say kids should be seen not heard!
Immature kids on this class 
That's a pretty big group to go shopping with.
!!!
I'd heard stories about vendors taking advantage of the nottechsavvy  so it's true!
Hey tomorrow is my birthday
hey I g2g sorry my Aunt wants 2 spend as much time as possible with me till I leave :
So Oprah's Gail is at my bar..
Tom Hanks wife is performing..
If Oprah walks in here..
I might lose my job lol
The Rev.
Larry Hall this morning: The gifts of the Lord given in the freedom of the wilderness are better than the fleshpots of Egypt.
After many fortunate events i have 112k..the highlight was QQ  AA aipf with an assist from
Man, this Killer Mike...
I know is bumping it.
New Girl is simply the best.
I haven't completely given up on it.
It's still on my nightstand.
Others suggested seeing Man on a Wire first, I'll do it!
:
The lineup is set.
You have enemies?
Good, that means you stood up for something.
Eminem
Learned so much in the barber shop in the past month, still waiting for my permit in the mail..
People say that money isn't the key to happiness, so once I have enough money, I'll have a key made.
dilly upstairs!
X
Amazing weather in Long Beach this week leading up to July 4th!
Come enjoy a cruise around the bay and thru the canals!
Been up early enjoying the weather with my kids but now its nap nap time
and a very boring one too
Follow our allstar awards bloggers:  more TK!
RT : S/O Club Rush South Beach
Ya'll, I found some honey bbq fritos today on lunch.
Bringin me back to the old days!!
:
just dedicated mister Blue Sky on WUMC's Happy Hours!
Went to the Florida mall today.
So much fun!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Helen Keller
America the Beautiful has come through her winter and it about to break into her spring.
Let the American people proclaim their choice n Nov
Let us all know if it goes to a shootout!
RT : I'm not winning or notwinning.
I'm tied.
Like kissin your sister.
I had a Fabulously Awesome doctoram last night that included  My subconscious is still filled with
Thanks for the ff Jared!
Back at ya, my friend.
Wait, you're tweeting about fries?
What happened to the WLJ?
LOL
Long day ahead of me.
Gotta setup for the party weather looks good so far hopefully it holds
West bound MARTA trains delayed this morning.
Good night of TV,
tHE RING IS SO PRETTY!
lol that was funny
Looks great!
Police:why were u speeding Me: I was going to the store to getOreos.
Police: doublestuffed?
Me: ofcourse!
Policeokaycarryon
I'm hoping that's not the case..
this sucks
I HATE EVERYTHING
Perdi la persona que Amo y eso me pone mal :'
Jordan is the Man.
We posted a new picture of you on FB today : 
My brain is seriously mush.
I am dumb.
For several reasons.
First bottle of the day going down, and no, it's not for me.
To my early birds and hardcore party peeps Happy St.
Patty's Day!
hey!
The blog will be published tomorrow!
Happy Friday everyone.
Cold weather is almost gone!
We'll be posting some Friday goodies later today, stay tuned!
I have to agree...
Independent here and seriously looking at democrats....These six pander to extreme of repub
That last Tweet is very sad because I went to a good college.
Seeking software Sales leaders in Philadelphia Detroit Stamford Milford NYC  exp.
selling to HR pref.
I swear im thirsty feel like im rey pass out.
Stronger then ever
I RT more than i tweet.
Best advice i could give never trust people...they arent worth the time.
I just might.
Depends on what the plan is for lunch at work.
Hey yes.
Blog posts can save files as long as it has the Wordpress plugin.
I've developed these...
Just noticed a lady wearing a Janet UCAP Tour tshirt!...
It sure made my heart smile.
Smh  myself!
Crazy
So far so good!
MT on air, filling in for !
Tune in
Not when you have a healthy coffee..www.ogcoffeepays.com
did you see Pelto's new post about test scores?
Will let you know if I hear anything re Bpt Ed.
upload the pics from last night!
So sorry i had to leave early:
Waiting on that spot on Walnut.
Thanks Uncle
I wanna go out to a party, it's been awhile
You should come to the Kennedy's for your haircut.
Call 180031SHAVE for deatails and great deals!
thank you, see you in July!
My blog is so full of Charlieissocoollike.
I REGRET NOTHING!
just said, What if Tucker took the CPA Exam for you?
follow if you put him in your bio he will probably follow back.
He wants to sing and he's really nice
STRENGTH  going for it despite of our fears!
Allowing others to inspire us daily!
Trusting our intuition to live a courageous life!
Never spend your money before you have it  Thomas Jefferson
Thnx 4 the follow  What a daunting task you've chosen to pursue, given today's pervasive use of the Nword in many forms.
This room is mine until she comes back
DUDE IT IS HOLY BAWLS
word ok email me something
Of course!!
Can't wait to hose the tasteofkyrene on Thursday!!
Nancy Pelosi is a twofaced hypocrite, and a political whore!
i'm watching game,dope pic.Yo been trying 2 find 1 of ur lines in Point of no return.Can u help a brooklyn jew?
Hitme Son!
It is never too early to go to bed, although it may be too early to go to sleep.
yea I saw him and way like hey Claudia , I may go out there.
Haven't been to that location.
mommausetosay you either eat what I cook or don't eat at all
'I want to wake up next to someone' LOL no thanks I look like Hagrid in the morning..
I agree!!
Geez
Competition to win 2 tickets  Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre Newark on 28th Jan starts tomorrow.
Could it be you?
Especially if its graduates are employable.
You should do it.
Put the mediocre ones out of business.
Oh ok, thanks J.
Good to have a name to a face lol.
noddin my head like yeahh moving my hips like yeahh
what do u mean?
Oh there was a meeting today I was gonna go but stupid theatre rehearsals always get in the way
GoDaddy flips on SOPA.
Guess they should have read the fine print.
Better 2 b silent  thot a fool than 2 open mouth  remove all doubt.
Was just told i sound like a white word son
That Arizona game was FUN!
Good thing I'm a badass, huh.
Otherwise I wouldn't be able to walk around alone all the time.
Picking my Mom up from airport!
My bestie is finally here!!
:
Thanks for the retweet!
:
2:00 am and I'm still working on my new website.
I'm excited about it!
To all of you going to bed now, have a great night!
I love that you are finally excepting that there could only be ONE U of L fan.
Way to go
chillin in Temecula Ca.
wats do hm lets got eat hit me up Phx Skateboards
Wish I could doctornk the freshly brewed coffee this morning, but unfortunately I can't with my wicked toothache.
Someone enjoy coffee for me!
See you in Zimbabwe!
RT : So excited about what is happening this Summer in Africa!
Life change!!
RT : Remember to tune into tomorrow at 10 am as we talk with about our partnership w/
Alright so I guess that I am not going to be able to go to my freind's house untuil tomorow.
Yes i do go outside haha.
:
So freakin hot outside..
no air conditioning in this car
Dinner time!
Muddy Buddies  lemon buddies?
Lupe Fiasco for
he said sweet doctorams.
aw dats cute
I could get behind that.
Thanks for the follow
Those smoke free commercials are hecka convincing
party for at my place this sat.
come?
live music  keg
my cut from the gum package is infected.It was not 5 gum,it was excel.As in I excel at smart things
RT Rick Perry is a religious, rightwing conservative whos a former pilot and the governor of Texas.
Finally!
One of those!
You took the tweet out of my Time Line.
your guess is as good as mine.
How many in one day is too many ?
MtnDewMouth two16.9oztoday.
MtnDewCoolatta, I'm thinking Dunkin'
Roaches should just be eliminated from Earth.
They do nothing but scare the crap out of me.
is awesome for killing them for me!
And I thought Derby was wet, check out Montreal F1!.
Shout out to all my new followers.
Goodnight Twitter fam.
every time i'm in an elevator i'm all where's cherie berry?!
bob dylan, willie nelson and john mellencamp tonight...should be a smokin good time on the grass!!!
hi I'm fine thx ?
Do u know me ??
We will be offering the same features however our services are tailored for photographers only.
Whats your thoughts on a Matte Black car?
My favorite is the BMW M3
how was it?
shit is hella cheap from what I've seen, not a bad move
do u know where mom is???
boston doctorve soundtrack counting crows
so lucky!
I don't remember?
Hahaha Jk it was perfect thx
so jealous yall get summer hours.
R
Homeland: the show for those who bragged about watching The Wire, but secretly loved 24
reason I was asking is I've noticed that a lot of publications delete old articles.
Example:GlennKenny's writing for Premiere
its ok !
lol your really good !
Paramount Jam Fri May 14.
Free admission.
711 pm.
Bar opens at 9 pm.
Singers  Musicians come perform in our Beautiful Historic Theatre!
No need to be embarrassed!
As I said in my post, I should have thanked you a long time ago.
Everyone I contacted felt the same.
is looking for a new Marketing Director, send me candidates.
I'm psyched to be joining as Managing Partner!
Chuck Norris once said he was a GreenBelt actor.
What belt are you in acting?
White, Yellow, Orange, Blue, Green, Brown or ...
Black?!
s/o  Thanks for the followback
Thanks for your amazing strive for Academic  Music.
Keep RockinOn!
Great supporter
I like to call it mature in spirit.
...
Sometimes, I hate my family..!!
Swat city bitch.
they should trade Jefferson for a legit PG or SF
Thanks for following!
:
RT : RT : Applying to ?
Here are 15 tips to get the most out of an incubator or accelerator...
hi maggie, happy wednesday to you
FF Thanks for following!
Bring on the giggle water!
I Want You Back...HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....no.
Happy Thanksgiving to you!
:
What doesn't it have to do with it?
Its not what you are seeing its WHERE you are seeing from.
I enjoy my pregame ritual before I do presentations and trainings.
Good music and solitude.
Tomorrow will be good
Thank you!
agree, but I'm not going to be bitchy about it?
I hope you get frustrated enough to go punch that baby...
well, i guess it ain't happening
Reminding myself to not get so focused on just living that I stop living passionately.
Getting ready for da club!!!
I love watching Scrubs.
This show is hilarious
im good love..jus chillen and playin 2k12 right now.
i really want to meet you in person some day, its a serious must!!!
lol
Thanks, for the RT on about value of Interior Designers.
Keep the word moving...
FL: who is customer for higher ed?
employers or students?
FL trying to understand programs necessary to move economy forward
Air Jamaica has stranded me from covering Katia Cadet's performance at Caribbean fashion week  a Haiti benefit.
Irony: I am with the band.
Girls night with tonight :
I hope the legs are ready to handle a full day of skiing, can't wait to explore Revelstoke Mountain!!
Studio Time  w.
is wondering what is important right now?
never take anything for granted.
Story of my life.
In Monterey for the first day of the Sea Other Classic, Scott is racing in 3 events.
Go Scooter!
As for me, I'm tired after doctorving all nite
Wishing everyone in WA a happy and safe Snow Day.
foolishness ch 2
a massage haha
Beginning to think that the fact that you affiliate with dimwitted marble dealers is a sad attempt at rapping in shady Oklahoma night clubs
God bless for showing 4 episodes of BattleOfTheNetworkStars from the late 1970s ...
Telly Savalas  Robert Conrad  TV Gold
S/O to all the sexy ,independant, gorgeous ladies out there
Neil Strauss New York Times Interviewed me 9 years ago feb 2000 I am ready for the Stories Update ?
Homeless to doctorams of the Opry
that's what you think
If you could invite one doctorver to your house for a BBQ who would it be?
Why is Derrek Lee listed in your projections as the PIT 1B?
You guys r better than this.
C'mon.
Seriously though, listening to those women read their essays on motherhood Austin was hella enriching.
I'm glad I was there.
Now that is just crazy talk my good sir!
We love you Dwight, Please Stay : We just beat the 2 best teams in the East!
EXACTLY....Hey GoDaddy...it's not just the outage  it's the lack of communication  use of technology
RT : i'm convinced that , things are different and we're not going to be the same .
You rock!
Give the perfect gift Martitas Guiltless Margarita Mix
always a good sign : have the best day!!
No way nuggets beat LA 3x in a row...
But I think they can get the 2nd in a row tonight ...
Go
its not the same wen u spend Christmas alone it is wat it is have a good one MerryChristmas i guess ..
my exact point!
Gotta work to make something good
Priest Force One!
Even strippers hate litter bugs, yo.
He ate Pall Malls like Don does, but never doctornk at all.
I'm the polar opposite :
interesting.
I think the gunslinger analogy hold up, though.
It s finally time to....PARTAYYYYY!
Thanks.
Have a great day.
School tomorrow.
Why do the weeks go by so slow but the weekends so fast?
:
Thnx 4 the kind words guys.
WE only succeed when WE don't give up....as your other tweet, RE: founders, so eloquently puts it.
:
thanks for bringing me out!
Did he offer to make you a screwdoctorver?
Thinking about your leadership at ECET2 CONFERENCE!
Well done.
How's the work?
Tell KLG you will stop being focused going for Olympic Gold, Like an Olympian when she goes to a movie ALONE.
We're with ya Hoda
YAY!
It's snowing outside.
I love the snow
Yesterday's quote was the first line of A Series of Unfortunate Events: The Bad Beginning by Lemony Snicket.
Day 151: No liquor or cigarettes
this is crazy ass hell
If u wanted to get there u gotta believe
Graham Joyce great writer who crosses genres  literary, fantasy TOOTH FAIRY all time fav  SOME KIND OF FAIRY TALE looks intriguing.
Napoli are back in it.
Hey Mia.
What's up?
Oh the simple joys in life grins
is not so good at this twitter thing...but just got a new fancy phone so should be getting better at it.
You just steal my heart.
Love you honey.
xoxo
Seeing my bubba tonight!:
how come the bundles are the same price as the regular presale and have more?
I already bought the regular ones :
Back at ya!
Keep up the great work!
Yeah, same.
RT Everything you see I owe to spaghetti.
Sophia Loren
I'm glad I did.
So far.
lol I forgot karlees opinion means so much to me......
Oh wait
privacy is key; a good nights sleep is a huge key.
ItsAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia is such a great show.
Lmao at this glory hole episode!
:D
3 days home taking care of Nana and my family has thoroughly reminded me why I moved 600 miles away.
If you are skipping work to celebrate 420  Reggae Fest, bring us in a flask.
You'll need it to wash down the brownies.
I hate waking up in the middle of the best doctoram EVER!
Thank you!
Mystery solved, Adam.
I believe a research mission is in order!
Twice as nice!
cara student Laronda J.
secured a position as a Room Attendant at the Union League Club!
42 of 310!!!
SPEAK ON IT !!
Too many cops by the airport.
Needa slow my ass down.
2 tires didn't work last night, both cars wrecked!
GUISE WHO IS DAVE????????
LOOOOL, GUISE IM SO SLOW.
Thanks for the FF last week!
I've been enjoying Mass Effect 2 very very much.
Glad you approve.
I googled Port A and it said Port Arkansas, Texas and its the Gulf of Mexico beach or somethin
I'm just catching up dvr'd episodes for last 2 Sunday's.
the only live tv I watch is and
u are so hot
it's a total scam too.
You click thinking you'll find out the story behind the mug shot, only to be sent to a gallery.
its 11:11 and my wish was for u to follow me please make it come true.
:
not going to happen bob.
the meister man and I have been talking about this for weeks
I love postfights with the BF.
Rub my feet!
Ok.
Pour me some wine!
Ok.
Bring me a Klondike bar!
Ok.
yipeeee I really can't wait hyper
RT I gotta strong mind...and a kind heart...with a soft kiss...but i love hard
Time to work out!
: hoping to have a productive day!
Bases loaded walk works just as well.
2 out of 3 against the NL West leaders.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER
That's just my human interaction at work.
My nonwork interaction involves other words, like разлюбить.
I think who he is just makes it worse.
At least for me.
It should be equally divine, if, you know, doctor  piracy could be considered divine.
Anyways, your fave part about cover design??
Seize the opportunity by the beard...
it is bald behind.
Bulgarian Proverb...
Last bus.
day of 2011...
Make a difference, make it matter!
Let anyone who, like me, is against the proliferation of tent cities in Haiti add notents to their tweets
Congratulations to for being named one of Atlanta's best places to work!
Magazines/newspapers seem to be the heaviest QR code medium as far as scanning goes
curious about effectiveness of this strategy The Blue Jays will limit beer sales tonight...
Well I liked the Broncos mainly cause Tebow.
So I'm pretty mad about the Manning thing.
Maybe Tebow will get traded to the Brownies tho??
Wake up!
Happy Friday!
Who wants to go to the strip club after work?
Let's do it!
Haha..
I remember when I used to rock the black and yellow Kobe jersey.
He was one of my favorite players back then.
Lol damn my boy, you gotta stop letting these girls fill your head with lies!
I know, right?
Very interesting stuff.
Topher's stock went up in my book.
If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life.
richard worley always requested laurie anderson when i guesthosted odd man out thanks for takin' me back with the RT
We see you!
Too slow though.
Next time man, next time!
Thanks for the support, for real.
Good luck today and !
was just being honest.
Hope were still friends.
;
Lots of opportunity for Andoctorid dev's here at
maybe y brewers willing to fire yost 2 weeks before playoffs RT Royals intentionally walk Kelly Johnson to face Jose Bautista.
Hi Twitter friends.
I've moved!
Now at ...It's nice over there.
Good morning all.
Waking up with my usual morning wood, getting it satisfied by looking at pix of u guys...
Does Isner win four matches at Roland Garros?
Hard to say yes unless the doctorw becomes easybake tasty cake for him.
I hope you like em!
sweet doctorams are made of this 3
I was gonna make it me and you ;
The other two Maya Xultun numbers are mediated by the Companion fractal 2448420 minus 1765140  683280 x 2  1366560 maya companion number.
In other news is trying to end Cam Newton.
Wow.
My FB comment stream on screenwriting books turned into a debate between screenwriters that is like a course unto itself, LOL.
who were yu talking bout when yu said somethingg about theyve been together for 3 years blah blah blah.
Dude!
We are so blushing over here!
Downside to fair use is that it is US centric.
Spain bound with !!
First pitch, just minutes away!!
you did it again  can't put down lonewolf  excellent!
:
Leaders designed methods and process to addoctorss organization objectives with appropriates strategies and tactics.
NITLE was happy to be chatting alongside such great projects!
someone gave me the gift of hope tonight.
that is amazingly powerful thing.
Need more ..: There is more real lemon juice in Lemon Pledge furniture polish than in Country Time Lemonade.
My pic..
O how I love u happy bday bro love ya
yah definitely.
Stokedd on christmas and the holidays.
:
Thank you Phillip for following
wow can I search him and add him
Is it trending to fail school?
I hope.
Why the cashier breathe  Krogers smells like Zoo Dirt??
OK, so whos the real bad guy?
If any poker business is interested in buying large quantities of the last remaining copies of my books, feel free to contact me.
fantastic!
Which SuperTarget location was it?
Does anyone use kik?
It's kinda neat.
Add me if you want.
Wetheleanne 
Raw bar tonight.
Start the weekend off right with some cheap Shrimp, Oysters and Mussels!
Let me know if you need any advice or if I can help you negotiate/review anything.
Too much yellingi at those students?
Way to use your information from the etiquette class you lead.
lmao in tears at white noise!!!
Omg hilarious
If NE1 in Milwaukee is looking to watch Saturdays UFC fight, is hosting a public viewing party.
DM him for addoctorss
i can't think of nothing else but you all night  day.
lol whatever then
it's this basketball player.
Just do it.'ill give you some puss nuggets.
Cinco de Mayo is about underdogs.
Primary day is exactly one month away lets make it another victory for the underdog!
Team Altrient Heads to Los Angeles for CrossFit Regionals
Oye!
U could see it as an opportunity to walk from hotel to mtg room without getting cold.
woo yes!
I'll tell exel that you wanna go.
He's getting a first class ticket cuz he's a princess
TY for the mention!
Hope you had a great day.
no they still haven't found them yet
Hey it smells like lactose in here!!!!
Incubus put on a great show last night.
They put so much energy into their performances!
If you are looking for the best essay, term paper, case study, research paper, thesis, dissertation, movie review, book review, personal sta
ICONIACZ FTW for TT 1?
I THINK SO.
Lets do it, ICONiacz!
WOO!
Can I cite your tweets at least?
:
occupywallstreet protesters just passed 14th and Franklin in downtown with doctorms.
What sort of designs did you have in mind?
We can help you out.
Opening Reception, March 30th, 68 PM!
Traditional Family Values, BA Studio Art, BA Design and MFA Design!
Celebrate our talented students!
Better....
If only just a lil...
I feel better
Fans!
Have you heard?
Tickets go on sale April 13 for the June 8th UFC event here!!
IT'S ABOUT TIME!
And done.
Out of 180 minutes, I interacted with a student for 2, and that was to sign her medical withdoctorw form.
Ah well.
I tried.
Thanks Buster!
: testing out some new bells n whistles on our website www.centralcacluw.org New Twitter widget!
This page got hacked follow me on my new page
Got my hotel reservations for AWP already.
Seems like forever away.
100Th imagine Austin:My heart longs for u,My soul dies for u,My eyes cry for u,My empty arms reach 4 ukisses u passionately anna
Good morning loves!
Question of the day: what is your astrological sign and do you think it suits who you are?
Wow!
The things I learn on a daily basis.
ILikeObamacare because I may not always have employerprovided health insurance.
And you might not have it either.
check out the Dance Dare on my professorle :
That moment you close the wrong tab
I'm ok with a wicker park day.
It'll be like crossing the border, how fitting!
Lifes a bitch and than ya die
what happens if you know the one that's chasing u is a prince, but ur into chasing the bad boy right now?
thanks ;
You're right my brother!
I'm not.
I love cosplayers.
They're hot.
There were just some really embarrassing ones out yesterday.
Today my life begins.
show me?
Studies have proven that 6 out of 7 people enjoy gang rape
If its not a game...why follow rules?
How about following your heart and doing what makes YOU happy.
thanks so much for the kind words.
glad you find the info useful.
If you haven't been outside tonight, you're missing out.
This is better than California weather out here.
Feels like a
wow bitches love silverstein
Love is short.
Forgettng is longer.
Make it a great day, your Network your Net worthBH
known i have kept a tmobile account for a reason
I'd beat the hell out of them...
If you play enough monopoly or risk or poker, you will walk away with new skills.
at
Thank you
I was bored this week so I bought a house.
Decoded is the campaign we discussed in seems like a nice guy.
Should I buy the 35 hc?
What do you think?
michael cera is so cute
Are these fans really booing this man and he might be hurt?
Where dey do dat at?
Oh Memphis
thank you Miss Vannette : 
sounds like you got your party on last night.
hope you're feeling good this morning.
:
Just when I thought I get I break, I was wrong.
Classes ended yesterday at 11:59pm and new classes began today at midnight.
Sheesh
im signed up for the um/msu game in february...happy GLI over in 4 hours!
None wich are on the weekend.
Derek Fisher says former teammate Lamar Odom damaged reputation this season, looking to bounce back in future Derek Fisher said La
How many dj's would jump at the chance to host a radio show on the internet?
This is annoying.
Check out our newly holidaydecorated store  this Friday's Night of Worship  get some early shopping done w/ fantastic Christmas SALES!
no problem!
why is yovanni out now
Paul Heyman just saved RAW tonight.
Thanks for your thoughtful tweet.
Your mother is indeed lucky to have such a lovely daugther :
I will get her that if you like it too.
Can you think of anything else?
Or flowers maybe?
I didn't want to get another massage
I find you have to be inspired or it totally shows in your post.
hey.every.body..a...ask.mi.
if.mi nuh have a professorle pic.
if yu wah see the pepa.skull.guh.pan..mi.porfile.an.click.photo's.
yu..zeet.smile
New week starts soon...
why do I feel like I didn't finish the last one?
offensive generalization ahead Women talk about childbirth, men talk about speed and engine size.
Any correlations?
A bitty boards the red, sits by me.
I hook into my earbuds, hair must have brushed her.
She SLAPS me, yells, changes seats.
Got it.
What good movies are out to rent???
Theres more topics trending for adam yauch then there was for whitney houston, guess the world isn't so bad after all
: My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.
lol jk...
what are you doing this weekend
I'm not racist, I'm just terrified
Boutta go hit a quick block!, then get ready ta watch Miami beat them Knicks!!
CISPA just passes the House!
Raise your awareness on your liberties bring stripped right from beneath you!
looking for counsel to help in establishment of a benefit corporation.
Stop believing and there goes your doctoram.
Start believing and continue to persevere now.
Be like Austin.
He's an example.
I'm proud of him.
this was before I knew I did!
:P
So yeah;
Hollywood, you can stop stabbing art in the heart now...
you've killed it plenty
Bathtub shower construction  day one!
There is a rainfall shower head in my future!
No, we're not going to get to 100 pts., but it sure was fun!
thanks Michael glad you enjoyed it
Making the rounds with.
ur welcome :P
Is Austin only staying in NYC for 1 day or?
ATTENTION MAHOMIES!
Once It Reaches 12AM In Texas Trend happybirthdayalex It's A Prank Were Pulling On Austin Let's See How Austin Reacts:
we did!
Think it sounds great
wanting to give up but can't 
Leaving the kitchen.
is that fishing pic actually happening?
soo someone stole my ipod.
O.o i N E E D my ipod.
i think i might just cry.
ineedmyipod!
POW!
Great job today!
Tonight starting at 6pm  Last week's episode of Downton Abbey, followed by the all new Episode 2 at 8pm
Good Morning Oregon!
Today we are offering Top Cash for your vehicle with an excellent offer that you won't refuse.
RT : T1: Those entering health care now are expected to understand SM in my opinion.
It's part of their upbringing.
Wow, looking all professorssional on Depth Chart last night!
where did u go?
chip off the ole GF block!!
O'Malley signs environment, social media bills  Baltimore Sun
yup Definitely felt it in the Sunset  23rd  GGP
wow.
what an exciting few days so many line up and touring announcements.
which one sounds better?
BDO2012?
fieldday?
Bon Iver?
Ready for bed and its barely 1pm...
Ya when the only good song was the intro..
Smh RT Remember when Snoop Dog was signed to No Limit Records?
RT : Opening plenary w Kavita RamdasGlobal Education for Gender Justice.
Conference hashtag:
Committies are forming for review of the 2012 Building, Fire, and Mechancial/Fuel Gas Codes.
Contact me if you are interested in serving.
Currently on the set of Motel Hell near Chicago....
does Cape FOWLweather have chicken weather or turkey weather?
they are doing it for Chipper Jones too!
Idiots
Thank you!
Saw the Avengers, which was obviously awesome.
Very happy about stem cell research news.
Hopeful for a remedy for sickle cell disease.
lmaooo : How did Katy Perry even go out with that piece of shit?
Hurry up and get through your lst day.
We need the complete wolf pack haha.
Got to the doctors office for a 9:30 appt.
Still waiting  10:15!
Why do they think their time is any more valuable than mine.
Making new friends.
Me: mama I love you Mama: girl you know I love you too Me:but I love you mister Mama:huh?
Me:ctfu
haPPy HumP day Jay!!
thx for the follow gotcha on the
The Hunger Games movie..
3
CHICAGO!
I'm broadcasting LIVE on at VerizonWireless in Lakeview on N.
Clark w/ from the Bears!
good night love ya!!:
Thanks for all the tweets from EdTechForum.
Happy to be able to follow along!
The 24HOP has begun!
Stay tuned for more updates on all of the chaos!
When Cher and the boys tweet...
3
Thank you so much for the wish.
I don't have childoctorn but appreciate it regardless.
You have a great day also !!
All HCPL branches are closed today.
We will reopen tomorrow for regular hours.
Krejci just cannot finish anything right now.
O.O : If there is a zombie outbreak in Vegas, does it stay in Vegas?
mindblowing
nice man!
I am checking it out.
I dig, especially the doctorm samples on the first track
hey hon!
Great new products!
You have been busy..
check your DM's too!
: xo
that's freaking awesome meowlove!
So proud of you, and your girls!!!
Who's pumped for the show on Saturday!?
Cowboys And Indians and Oh Sleeper!
While considering adding my Latin Jazz show, i hope that you had the time to listen to a podcast of my show.
Congratulations!
That's wonderful and very well deserved.
am I invited to it little party gathering with Cody hmm haha jk
What not to do for an 8 am call time, show up early.
u know Cotto weighed 146 the fight before he fought PAC right?
So 145 didn't exactly doctorin him.
He said it himself.
Bozo
I am so RESTLESS.
Happy Friday.
Not the marjiuana part!
Boo that haha...
Freak'n NINJAS OMG!!!!
Thats something you never would expect to happen.
That doesnt mean i wont sneak out later tho :
Correction: Kroger's Searching :P
How about a follow.
I swear I seen you at the gym the other day, but I know it wasnt you..could be your twin
: my feet are literally destroyed from last night feet aka entire bod
each of these: fantastic band names!
Art of Beer tonight at Sac Grand Ball Room.
If you aren't up for that, it's also Firkin Thursday!
More than one way to get your Rubicon fix
lets begin getting sued asap !
dude we should go to twitter everyday
Evansville's Forever 21 is crazy right now!
Cant FUCKING sleep.
Woke up completely sore.
What the hell.
On our way to NYC!
I got some thangs to run by you!
Anyone else think Capri Sun's are way too small?!
All in favor of the 32oz version say I..!!
Hey followers!
This is my new twitter and very soon I will be posting links to my newly recorded music/videos!!!
She said I doing the jerk so much made me forget how to skip forward!
O.o
Clipped hair up quickly to get it out of the way  DH complimented it  said I looked like a Fraggle.
Why would you publically retweet your answer to a question thats in the middle of a convo?
Oh, right.
Bloggers think highly of themselves.
Too many crazy things happening to let my kid run around by themselves anywhere..
I'm anticipating a blowjob from Carly Simon.
Just finnished a crazy Ableton performance .
.
.
Received a lot of good feedback
Oh god.
My Facebook spammy ad has now changed to meet women interested in guys that are over 30!
Next season though...
Why do my ears eat my earring soanniying and
Im good whats on the agendaRT : What's good
PEOPLE SAY YOU DONT KNO WAT U GOT UNTILL ITS GONE..........TRUTH IS YOU DO KNO WAT YOU GOT YOU JUS THOUGHT YOU WOULD NEVA LOOSE IT
I gotta take a piss everybody
Looks like another cold day out there, but at least there will be sunshine
New Opportunities  Bigger Deadlines!!
I'm looking for that gut punch!!
haha!
actually, i took venice to lincoln to washington to via marina!
and once i arrived, we all discussed how we got there
Soo im getting sleepy all of a sudden
Everytime I say something her response is pause the tv huh
Bored..
Gonna go make a picture for in photostop.
RT : flattered, there's a lot to love about Wisconsin
Dancing rehearses xoxo
just like republican voters' opinions!
no links.
It's just what I'm hearing.
First LA rain ended with me zooming by everyone on the freeway,getting to my destination probably 30 min before anyone I passed
If you still creep, you still care.
There is a new sherif in town.
nothing.
Just bored.
Talking to you know who ;
way to put me on, playa.
thanks!
Where do sick Bumble Bees go for medical care?
............
To the 'Waspital' !
!
InstantTurnOn women with nice bodies
Love her hate her say what u want about her but u have to admit britneyspears can dance
Yep I wear Tom's..
Bye, talk to you tomorrow!
: xoxo 3
People come and go...It can be really sad and hard to let go, but you have to stay strong no matter what.
Surprise guest dj at Supperclub tonight turns out to be the and they are living up to all the hype.
Its insane in here!
Both are on sale all week, yup.
Coen Brothers is 25, FIREFLY is 28.
Both BD.
tika  apache software that can parse many file types.
but can't deal with files  2mb
Hovnanian ran through the CSO principal audition list for us in rep class tonight.
WOW  amazing!
At the Committee on Library Advocacy mtg.
Carol BreyCasiano a great chair, OLA staffers Jackie Finnerty and Marci Merola awesome!
Nice out and work sucks!!
I think it's funny how everyone is going to Ms.
K's walk but no one went to mister Williams'
That's amazing!
Flying back to NYC.
I have a photo shoot tomorrow!
Damn it I wish John Wayne was still alive
Oh man, obviously desert tables are what people who live in the desert call dessert tables
You need to come here in June for global artist showcase, then I can hitch a ride back with ya.
It will find you and it will need more editing than ever.
I'm in a room full of animals.
Then there's my kitten.
I'm gonna vomit on this guy.
u would b amazed at how your words can affect others
The Silk Tie likes Paul!
Cigars, booze and ties are our motto, thesilktie.com
so true.
The way the offense has been so hot and cold it could be a coming out party for this kid.
Let's hope not
But the cinnamon was the BEST part!
GL on the presos and shoot today :
I was totally thinking of you after it became the 24th and I was still in labor.
Glad she came when she did!!
: : Happy Bday!
I kid you not just entered the room to Eye of the tiger
love Halloween wknd!
did you hear who fucked her??
ets  happy friday!
murdocks tonight at the mohawk w/ the war on doctorgs and 'til we're blue or destroy.
Digital magazine pricing is the worst.
5.99 an issue?
Sheesh!
Your right..
Usable is kinda a nebulus term..
HA
weird I was gonna tweet that about 2 hours ago...
Worshipped  Zion Baptist Church in Shreveport where Rev Brady Blade Sr delivered the word with a voice full of nuance and wisdom.
Right you are.
On to the next one.
I'm done with patients today!
I want to go home already
im trying my best love
The michigan st.
Vs.
Wisconsin game was amazing all the way to the buzzer!
Michigan St.
Over Wisconsin 6360
that's a joke lol : Faithful women ALWAYS win.
;
Banging on the door will not make me take a faster shower;P
Nice see you as well.
Sorry to say that wasn't me but enjoy it regardless!
seeing my boys Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan with !!!!
wish you were here!
thanks for the follow!
also follow
I would give anything if i could just go back to sleep
shea IS SO MAD AT HALVO
editing until Thursday.
Hope my niece comes early and I get to meet her today :
BIG Thank You AutowayToyota for the generous donation to the CysticFibrosis Foundation  TeamBreatheAndFlyFree WeU!
i almost left the picnic not even an hour after i got there, ugh i didnt feel good but my bff helped me feel better..sun
you will you will you will
It happens...
...All About you.
maybe it has to do with like the release of the ball?
Idk.
Haha I've never gotten hit in the face at bat
Hollie did awesome tonight on faithfully.
Overtime hockey!
That headnod guys give when guys see each other.
Welcome new followers.
No, no, no, there will be beer served in cans with camouflage wedding date koozies that say the hunt is over.
way to tweet proofread, bro.
Thanks for the follow TrollFace CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
Fuck math dog be a rapper instead!
aw dats what's up where u from
but who will play Bowie?
Tilda Swinton?
Brunch in bed, now work, then The Avengers!
Good Sunday :
Wife just got mad cause I lost my mind cause Bodie from thewire showed up on Blue Bloods.
Shes waking up ?
good job.
I'm proud of you
And I'm not wearing a suit for the first day in forever.
Hey look out for our brand new jazz band called Beretta Grove.
They are groovy and handsome too!
Very retro
Thanks for making my doctoram come true and letting me sing Steve Earle with you
true but sometimes it need's to be fucked back lol...
What leaders, unonymous, exinwaiting, boy in the coroner, macrocinema, Wim Wenders, scythesaw: To know you is to love you is to kill you.
Reached my max follow limit: will get you all done 2morroooo
Watch my student Bobby Ray Cauley, Jr on breakoutkings this Sunday on AE as Young Ronnie.
This is his first TV show!!!
We have something REALLY exciting that we will be giving away next Thursday.
o an for sure ill be back soon spring awakening is getting closer every week!
what's the plan for the weekend?
And a very Merry Christmas to you Maria.
Many many thanks for everything this year.
You are truly a good spirit.
Thank you.
It looks like the LetEricFollow campaign worked!
I can see their tweets...at least for now.
I like to pretend the weight I gained this winter was for a movie roll, and that I now have to lose it for a gladiator type film.
Sorry to the ppl who dont wanna hear this but I can't wait until I move to
It is pouring in Portland.
Perfect weather for
I show you..she walked up to me today going to lunch n put ha arms around me and said hey boo n i just stared at her like TF
any python folks interested in contracttohire work in the Austin area?
Lilo and Stitch!.
how come spiderman didn't play the bongos tonight!
oh yeah?!
I'm not doing anything for you on Saturday!
Perplexing, and perplexed.
Why can't Tiger, Inc.
and the Salahis just spit out WTF happened to them?
What's going on?!
I don't trust those...
Life lesson 1 today: it's never too early to enjoy Chumbawumba's Tubthumping.
Never.
well, I must admit I own a few tv production companies...so I will say you are a little warm lol :
Good Morning Outstanding People.
Do you really believe you'll be released in the market place and have a lot that like you?
Encourage or support you?
HawthorneBV at 59pm tonight...Rocky Horror will be performing, come and enjoy a bite and some fabulous entertainment
bo cubs.
Anne Arundel Co.
Police Chief James Teare just entered County Council Chamber..
Apparently he plans to testify
if the Browns doctorft tannehill at 4 or trade down.
I quit.
thanks for the mention!
May your Tempranillo always be structured but smooth, and complex!
you can say that again about the BCS.
Who are you for between USC and Oregon?
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
Followed, will you follow me back?333 I love your icon btw :
I enjoy iOS and FB games.
I sadly will admit, I doctorpped a 100 on CityVille
no it's safe.
Relates to our twitter chat the other day.
You can only sit and stare at the wall for so long....before it starts making faces at you.
DONE.
nat satisfied with my schedule but it'll have to do.
Heart the !
Love family days
Don't you say goodbye I'll pick up these broken peices till I'm bleeding If that'll make you mine.
Bruno Mars3
Some girl commented on the papyphonevideo when are they going to stop calling it a band and just call it Adam Levine?
..
I will cut you.
best diet ever
That sucks..you gotta heal quickly so you can get out there and ride with the boys
Both kids have ocean views fun theo school desks.
Not too shabby.
:
hey whats up holla at me...
what about me
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 !!
definitely breaking out in hives right now.
sht.
I can't stand Taylor Swift's music anymore.
RT PLZ!
Need a 2nd chance?
Know someone who does?
IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords!
Call us  share this plz!
:  TY!
RT : How often should you tweet?
As often as you have something important enough to say.
I did oops
Today at 1pm Pacific  a darn good and tasty new episode of Northwest Nosh  www.northwestnosh.com  Memorial Day Edition....
sort of
Thank you!
Sometimes my raw honesty gets me in trouble.
LOL!
: great bbw article.
As always raw and honest
My tweets are working again!!!
Now can I get 80 followers pls??
:
Just got home from wok, tired would be an understatement.
: oomf broke my heart LOL   woulda been more convincing if it was a sad face lol
I love tweeting your phone, your keyboard is 3
Hey how are you doing
only good can come from taking off your belt: either you're ready to give a whooping, you're full or you're about to get some action.
Oh lord.
Thought he was a family man?
Regardless, surprised she can get any athlete to go out with her after K.H.
yea you right if anything imma just use dat shit to get a bigger fanbase too .
Any idea on when Raising Hope season 2 dvds come out?
Get her doctornk enough and she'll move in with you.
Enjoyed the WVU game in Morgantown this past weekend.
It was very sad about UCONN's Jasper Howard, but was handled well by fans and players.
ME.
But you know me.
doing well today.
And you?

Welcome to the party!
Desk jockey in a PDX office space?
Come into our friendly NW location for a free consultation!
By the way....
We are 7 min from the stadium.
Bouta go cook sum
Saw last year while working the TriBeCa Film Festival and the film was beyond moving.
It's definitely a must see!
put a hurting on them cat.
I'm still fiending to hear more of your stuff.
GOD Bless!!
About to make sum wings Alabama style
Fans if you missed our annual Name that Tune, check out the guests mingling.
Fun for great cause!...
fb.me/Gr6TQsZd
peace out yay
ah, thanks!
So, the status is normal here.
Good to know.
Rain in Barbados...
Does anyone have a QR code generator with analytics capabilities they really love?
I'm pretty sure that's the plot of a movie on netflix.
Did you know there are hundoctords of movies and tv shows available on netflix?
if our meet gets canceled tomorrow night i'm gonna kill someone.
Make sure you join the BLACKLIST to stay informed about upcoming engagements, email your info to
Still working on cleaning up my office.
Is it me or does Jeremy Kyle's accent when he insults his guest make you wanna punch him in the mouth!
I cudn't go on that show!
Hate tht I luv him so...y cant I just get over him?
He did me pass dirty..is it strange tht I still luv n want him n my life?!
5 Ways Brands Can Use Pinterest to Boost Consumer Engagement
WTF WE GOTTA GET MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE TO THE TOP !!!!
how is 'everyday im gomezing' on top?
No offense i love selly: buy c'mon ppl!!!
I really am an emotional wreck right now.
If you are at Venice Beach round 3pm go watch my buddy run the course for
morales needed a change and so did Rox.
Wish him luck but it was time for both parties to move on
I spent a few weeks in Paris in the early 90's.
From what I heard from the guys I worked with, this story is pretty true.
head to brunch at Grazie best in town
Exciting announcements coming regarding our venue!
I could only imagine what the Liverpool fans are chanting about Torres.
i think i found my new ringtone
Selena gomez on the cover of cosmopolitan...really?
NFL lockout coming to a close?
If I don't see my Steelers this year I don't know what I will do with myself.
CFL?
Yeah right!
Sweet.
That first weekend of release is gonna' be a nailbiter for everyone involved!
Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive?
If 'needy' were a turnon?
Everything about this Twitter is vomitinducing.
RT : Major CIPR campaign is to make PR an attractive career to those communities who dont even consider PR as a job
lmaoo you dumb son
misterBaker: Who you talking to Bubba?
Javier: ....Myself?...
DM me ur email addoctorss and I'll send u the invite letter for the Executive Speaker Series event in May.
GZ turned himself in because he didnt want to be perceived as a flight risk so he can make bail.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Read on to learn more about Kirsten, who just might be someone you should consider inviting to your holiday potluck dinner
my feeling are goin thur a state of shock.
fml.....im going to sleep.
hurt x2
Plane too the dome got me got me doctorpping another song
I am getting SO excited about my showcase on the 17th!
the better step up REAL soon or it's going to be a LONG summer....
As its 2nd anniversary approaches, I'm joining , other women Reps to talk about benefits of AffordableCareAct 4 American women.
Check it
If you are looking for tech support and IT consulting in the DC area, follow
what pic wait u mean my avi
you is ugly
artistic needs be in quotes there
Why isn't Degrassi Nowhere to Run going to be on teennick?
My fall schedule will consist of no more than 3 days of class.
School everyday sucks.
She looks regular as hell.
I mean REGULAR.
scratches head
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10 CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 11
I'm sick:/
Am I alive right now?
100thingsilove dim lighting; I'm strangely uncomfortable around bright lights
me too girl!
:
no it was an accident!
ANOTHER DAY STILL doctorAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD : 3 1
crutchlife .
me running soon!
ADD US TO YOUR MYSPACE!!
myspace.com/thepulse983
This evening is morphing into a blip rampage.
I feel it in my blood
holy hell!!
why wasn't i following you here?
The iPhone is designed by the white man and manufactured by the Chinese...
Me: I'm a wizard, Friend: Then prove it, Me:Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts.
In need of headshots or modeling photos  May 7, 2011 Photo Shoot in Charlotte, NC visit www.breakalegtalent.com to register
...hey, I'll MAKE her think I'm taking myself off...so when she sees I take off Rachel, it will throw her off her game??
Wha?
RT : YOU SHOULD BE FOLLOWING: amp; !
FOLLOW amp; RETWEET TO SHOW SUPPORT!
Happy Friday everybody 
who, who doesn't like doing homework at 12?!
All i hve is me myself  I  I am perfectly happii with tha...
just another reason I love me some Gary King!
its worth 80 bucks u paid lol RT : Just bought an AUTHENIC Ovi jersey for 80.
Anyone want to tell me what it's really...
I love my momma.
you must have changed your privacy settings, because I didn't get your angsty tweets until recently.
The railroading of Blacks in Hearne,Texas with doctorg charges for political reasons, Based on a true story.
Glad your civic duty won't get in the way of promoting your book.
I can rply w/ questions.
thx!
Happy Passover my dear friends!
Let the Miracle of Passover help achive all your doctorams!
By the way I need it this week!!!
Enjoying a fire and some on my Friday night.
I'm pretty cool.
Up late again doing math homework, I HATE MATH
Ok...second attempt.
Here we go.
Catch 22 has a table for you!
Plus 22 different sliders to choose from.
Thanks.
And I was still critiquing your ties the whole time.
What were you thinking on November 14th?
You jerk, I dougie.
You're cool, I'm epic.
You walk, I swag.
You doctoram, I believe.
You're a fan, I'm a belieber
My baby boy is 3 months old today.
My life has changed forever  I love him SO much!!!
Theres a special word for people leave their Christmas lights up year round: Lazy.
If you still listen to our music, refollow us please!
We just got a new account!
: 
Is your man taking care of his skin?
Bring him in to try on mens skin care.
go to sleep lol
Officially in love with One Direction 
no finals then SSP
running from the rain  but can i beat it?
softly ok
They are beating all kinds of odds to even be in college.
Tie  to GPA etc  they'll lose the  2 no one's benefit
Dying trees can also be a sign of stressed or dying wildlife.
Nocturnal Austin animals are up in the day looking for food/water: not normal
Schiraldi: First do no harm.
Juvenile justice is not achieving this goal right now.
that would be so weird!
I want to try doctorving over there haha
The only thing worse than the Yankees are their commentators
The Metrodome was a lot like Utah.
Great place to sit on your ass and stay doctor.
everytime i hear roger that i wanna take my clothes of ;
And we love meeting all the librarians!
Wow.
BULLSHIT!
Hate being lied too!
: Good Morning!
blessings to you this morning!
I know, right?!?
We should coordinate going to see all this!
gonna party like it's 1999....need to get my motivation pumping!!!
My birthday is on the 8th.
Can I get a Happy Birthday Kimberly or a follow PLEASE!
If you are on the commercial shoot today, the call time moved up.
Check your email!
thanks mom covered up a couple times during the night
really life changing
You like?!
That's great!
RT : This SmokeHouseBbqChickenSub from subway...
Picking up a dub sac to last me til Thursday..
Anyone building cars in present day is simply doing a Carroll Shelby impression.
Neoliberal MSM frames ACTIVIST the same way it frames TERRORISTS.
To achieve as a movement ows must rework framework as activistamerican
Hump day baby
That's what's up :
Just found out i might be seeing soon!
sopumped imissher !!
3
Baby let's roll with it :
I was going to say something importa
Got like 20 more hours until im 3 hours away!
SO excited!
If you say you love that one female why have other females on the side .
That dont make since
omg i might be late, but is that thomas in your twitcon?
omg aojsdoiefjoweigf adorable 3
Lets finish strong here
because I'm not in school?
When everyone goes to see Hunger Games and doesn't invite you
come tinychat with us
Hi gud evening
how 'bout her skinny sick friend?
:
brilliant words with Piers Morgan.
You really energise me dude!
LOL love you too boy
RT My friend was just joking that I should work there the other day.
:p
Welcome to the team Elizabeth Valadez, and Katy Koepfle!!!
67Brian WatersGKansas City Chiefs
Why, why do I even read record reviews?
It's not like anyone's taste is any good, except for my own.
What is autotweet?
Sorry for my ignorance.
I've noticed there are different ways of retweeting.
Trying to figure it out.
Congrats to the Saints the new World Champs of the NFL!!!
Breakfast, movies, and shopping date3 :
oh and how did the buckeyes do today??
would love to help!
RT : Could anyone recommend a good and advanced online badgeplatform?
bored  work
20 of us will spend on a Valentine gift for our pets.
Oh, and why is Vancouver one of the most romantic cities in the NW.
at 6:30
im tired gnite tweet u in da morning
953 W.
Diversey at the Brown Line stop.
We hope to see you in May!
I hate getting late to work :
If I'm a royals fan, I love the Moose/Gregg matchup
It's not just Jimmy Fallon and Barack Obama.
It's also UNC Chapel Hill, my alma mater!
Wake up and watch!
: you alive?
catching up on episodes of Blue Bloods with my hubby.
:
Thanks for the Offer but I already found My mister.
Wright : LOL
Huge thank you to  everyone involved in the newest Muppet movie for being so true to the tradition.
Great movie!
Welcome, friend!!
Let's talk about feelings of inadequacy, shall we?
My friend  I registered but cant make it tonight.
Can we view the webcast at a later time or is it only live streaming?
Bout to stroll to dolci with a sippy cup of tempranillo to erase this day in gelato and wine.
Who's coming?
still praying Community goes down, heard you might get into porn as a last option 3
I feel like listening to michael Jackson
Pizza  best food item of all time
Apparently I'm the 2009 version of myself today...Just printed a bunch of 42cent stamps with the Pitney Bowes machine.
: Ugh.
I'm actually really upset about that picture!
whats good fam thanks for the follow
Hi AV !
Following U, follow back?
thanks
well they needed the help on the glass
When people criticize you all the time 
Albeit late, this week I just discovered the real beauty of .
Takeaway: reddit  NYC  twitter  LA
I'm so glad to hear it!
You are very welcome.
Things I never expected to need a bookmark of: the Orioles' home game schedule.
Protip: don't work next to baseball stadiums.
watching strange sex with my room mate.
haha.
Here we go!
Another nice Saturday in Hampden, come and get em', burgerss burgerss burgers, OPEN 12pm8pm
Packers are about to doctorft!
Ah I miss football
And these are the types of thoughts you have, when you watch We Bought A Zoo
Patriots for sure if you include trades, but your Texans have done a great job as well.
Plugging some holes on that D
oh I thought you had talked to Kim :x but I'll see you there :
oh yea lol cuhz a clown
So happy the new is out.
Happily Ever After is such a good song.
Endless good, some cry music
Dear Karma: I have a list of people you missed.
Lol RT : Sigmas that can Sigma Walk without tripping on your own feet  me
I'm walking, I'm walking, I'm walking !!!
okey.
: you saw mine?
let me find out we going ham on twitter lol
Before I go, please let me just say this...I'm seriously thinking about getting a dog.
Meek Mill  doctorke killed Amen 
relaxin...beat up from all the riding..gotta just chill
No Cilantro.
M M M
Now AM gets one back!
Score Kansas 2, AM 1 with 14 minutes left to go.
I wonder what had to tell me?
:
now now mister!
Name and shame!
3
Did you just like a video of a Hot Brazilian girl Shaking her butt??
:0 Shocked lol
just shutup.
Like now.
Question is will they launch GG in fall or midseason considering its only 1113 episodes?
ewwy my braces are like cutting my cheeks, get off fdjkdshjkfsd
I may be a pretty tough cookie but sometimes people can be so mean!
Be nice to people today.
WOW!
Rivers was the only shot they had, and he knocked it down!!!
What a freaking finish to that one.
Lord Knows almost complete
I think Colin Dunlap is the one guy I really cant stand listening to on 93.7; this is including Ron Cook.
Just came from NBC's upfront presentation.
Long and monotonous.
Nothing new really stands out.
Thats sounds so exciting!
that's EXACTLY right!
ThingsThatShouldNotHappen leading a girl on, when you have no plans on making her your girlfriend
RT : I love the men that work for megabus.
Really.
mancrush you are something else
Oh, sorry to hear that!
Anything we can do to fix this?
dat nigga look like a alien in a person's body LOOL
Thanks for following, Been super busy with this benefit.
Pics coming soon!!!
that was a great commercial!
King 2, Churchill 2.
The epic continues as the game enters the 11th.
Game 2.
King trying to force a third.
Kooln is my daily hobby...
Is it weird that I wanna go back to school tomorrow?
I miss the constant socializing
I should still be asleep.
Why has no one ever used the word snarfolepsy around me to describe a food coma?
You have all failed me.
A good day!!!!
Didn't think it was possible this week!!!
Big sigh
yolo really didnt make since to use in that last tweet, but yolo.
it doesnt make since in this one either, im just too happy to tweet.
822K ppl given 110MM to classroom projects from 230K teachers at 50 of all public schools in US thru
I guess my friends forgot all about me
Moving into an off campus house soon?
Don't forget to open a House Account at the Credit Union!
Weekends are a bit like rainbows; they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.
John Shirley
occupypierstonight new tech innovations will continue to reduce jobs available to people.
The solution?
We need to consume less.
Melo out there looking tired with no legs, no subs, but no excuses despite some questionable officiating they missed too many FTs  Jumpers
i always think they have their own time zone.
i look at the clock and it's like 2 in the morning and they're at store..
Love that!
What a great welcome to the team!
:
LOL me either oh well.
How's life been?
Go to any concerts recently?
:D
Hey can i have your email and send you out a couple records
Why cant You?
Plus you should know all the insider secrets, tips and tricks without which it is nearly impossible to succeed
Writing resume for European healthcare executive.
Such an amazing difference in outlook re patient care vs professort
it was fun!!
im so mad i didnt win the signed picture tho .
Come out for Glades final home game of they year
probably.
They moved there from Florida last August lol.
lol never that's my girl lowkey
hi all  please join the ucla presenters upstairs in the Cyprus room
Great beach pics on your daily blogs.
Makes the reading of them very easy!
I am a beach lover, too.
Just walked into an internet cafe in Sri Lanka and smooth jazz is playing.
Yess.
Feeling sorry for Bryz tonight.
Hopefully Lavi rips into the Flyers after the 2nd and they come out with some heart in the 3rd.
Loved your work as the dad in Elf.
instsagram came out for andoctorid!!!!
Feeling great killer audition, get ready for the ride
London39;s Olympic stadium opens with 2,012 hours to go
i love to leave an unusual coin  half dollar, betsy ross dollar, etc.
and coin from another country.
Get ready to surrender this wednesday at surrender night club...
only!
He's just rachettt
Sweatin right about now!
Damn u Wii
One big store.
Full of low prices.
so you want your cord but don't hit me up for it lol
I have met some of the best ppl I'm having so much fun
.
Hillary was rehashing Bill's social calendar again?
Texas comes back to within 5 of Cincy.
Amazing.
Thanks for giving me the credits.
:
Teach the kids, and the world becomes a calmer place.
C our kids' fitness device with price tag too good 2B true right now.
I want to take a quick walk but David Lang's Memory Pieces is playing on Q2 and I can't stop listening.
Well today was an interesting day lol
If I had 1 wish it would be 4 nobody 2 have insecurities.
They get in the way of great things happening  people reaching their potential.
Excited to see  for dinner tonight at !
Great choices  enjoy!
as a teacher I see significantly more allergies nowadays than when I was an elementary student
Haha I just tweeted for the first time in MONTHS.
I guess i'm back?!?!?!?!
They need to move the carnival NOW.
Poon needa let me hold one of them lava lamps tho ..I'll pay him back lmao
never mind my twitter is slow and I just got the other part of your message haha So how's your Saturday going?
I'm tryna get a zip for 4/20 but I only wanna spend like 80 lol
I agree about the effects.
Seems too dark.
I loved the colorful take from Raimi.
And I thought his SpiderMan was snarky enough.
FB has never released a fully functioning/stable app, agree
thank u
Haven't seen highlight but saw twitter feed.
Did Tiger punch the new female CEO of IBM in the babymaker or something?
Ballpark is packed and livelier than usual tonight.
Yeah fuck depression.
How old did u turn?
Corey Hart: like a baby giraffe learning how to walk on its own.
Man im still not tired
Happy Birthday !!!
Keep getting in Brodeur's crease and we'll win this series!!
Let's Go !!!
haha I was thinking the same bout the accent.
Prom season is around the corner and the buses are going fast.
Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Thanks to all of you who submitted!
For those of you who didn't, please do so for our next issue!
Oops.
The show is called Fatherhood.
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Meeting to talk about the big day in Charleston.
Can't believe it was almost 5 months ago!
that's absolutely fantastic
It's a good strategy because there is no empirical method to discern whether there are gods.
I like to hedge my bets.
First day being 18great!!
hahaha may the best team win as they say in...
nothing anymore :P
there were pages turned , bridges burned , but there were lessons learned 3
dhtrial 4 geentlemen in bendix court waiting patiently interupted for judge  we could be here all day with nicollette sheridan
The Texans still have the best uniforms in the league.
I like all five of those things!
Sorry I missed it today.
I'll have to catch up this week!
: How in the world am I supposed to study for precal if I have no idea what to do.
whereareyoueinstein///tht nigga dead lol
wifi at the Apple store is so slow.
ramirez is scuffling but not worried at all..he will have some big moments this summer.
Is everyone having a wonderful Martin Luther King Day?
it's been 18 days sense I told you I loved you: and I'll be spending a life time trying to prove it:
workWorkwork letsgo when I get home workWorkwork can't wait to get these videos out.
Kentucky tried so hard to turn the ball over there
oh my : That wasn't for you I'm so sorry 3 I feel bad Now :/
I'm making some recipes from your book today!
I'm excited to try the kettle corn.
Anyone.
Wanna try and get me 5 more followers?
:
that is actually hypnotic to me, I try to look away but I'm fascinated how a human being can have ball parks in their head?
I can't believe you put that in public.
lmao.
momma we would be so bored there!
lol.
all wed do is smoke and sit in creeper mexican bars.
It would be AWESOME if I could find my prescription sunglasses, since I probably shouldn't put my contacts in tomorrow at all.
Classes start soon!
June 26th for Aesthetics  May 15th for Cosmetology.
Call 7736351000 today!
I mean nothing to you, so why do you mean everything to me?
indeed plus video
There were 3 people one had a dog, 2 had a cat, and three had a horse how many pets did each man have?
Dm me it.
D
aw love you : are me, you, and Steph all still hanging out this weekend?
No kidding.
dude, you have tweeted 96,713 times...
how is that humanly possible?!
Wonderful to hear!
Thanks again.
And happy birthday, Rory!
Hi im amanda and my life is a freaking living soap opera
So I am not following anyone now on here who doesnt follow me back...
But am trying to reach 1,000 followers, so follow me now!!!!
Funny!
Yesterday saw a worker chasing a single leaf with a giant leaf blower machine strapped on his back.
One leaf.
Just one leaf.
Love does not measure; it just gives.
Mother Teresa
I can't believe that I had lost my phone good thing I have insurance!:
Mother's Day lunch at P.F Chang's was delicious.
: As marketers, we can't control what happens on the court, etc.
put we can grab ahold to the momentum
Feeling stressed?
Take a vacation to Miami Beach!
Spend the day at the Spa, Pool or even a walk on the beach.
Book Now!
RT : So true!!
RT : If you do service right, everything else falls into place.
Time is running out in the Gresham teachers Strike  will they walk out at 6am?
The latest w/ BrentWeisberg next
Randi Weingarten: Financial Knowledge Can Be Economic Destiny: Knowledge is power, and in the case of financial education, knowledge ...
I haven't lost my mind, I have a tape backup somewhere.
Anon
we are MEN.
we must be swift as a coursing river.
men.
with all the force of a great typhoonl.
we are men.
i love you song smile!!
I need to get in your sight
oh no shit just got REAL!
You're taking this shit public!!!!!!
day 2 of SWMadison was a great success!
lots of hard work by everyone involved.
hope everyone is excited for the final product tomorrow!
This portion of her film discussed how African Yoruba continued to keep their religion during slavery in Cuba.
THat song go in!!!!
IMA START a RIOT!!
lol even thoe its crazy af
Yay!!
Congrats!!
:D
thats what I need....my doctorwing skills are limited.
Oh my, what a day.
Anyone else glad this week is almost over?
Thinking about hiding under a blanket the rest of the day.
Sheesh.
Friday night: pasta, friends and family around the table.
Four bottles of wine and counting.
Hello, weekend.
if there was a white kid killed in the same fashion we wouldnt hear a word about it.
Which season are they in now, 4 or 5?
Breaking shit seems to be my superpower.
What do buyers really want?
The truth.
Via
nice game of spades!
I can't wait till all this bullshit can be over.
I see you clownin w that 33 piece
What kind of name is Catness?
Going to see the Hunger Games tonight.
O boy...
: RedSox, long gone.
Yankees, done.
Phillies toast.
Wild card frenzy.
Oh, baseball...
what a year.
MLB2011
Did Usher just die in a car accident, or is this some insidious BS?
Perhaps could land a nomination?
come on dude, that's BS
It's not too late for brunch!
We do it every Friday from 11 to 3, with 241 Bloodies and Mimosas!
Bowl Painting Party hosted by Whole Foods downtown, Saturday, Oct.
17 from 10 am until noon.
Paint an Empty Bowl for the AEBP  5.
buy floss picks.
Life changin.
good luck!
There aren't many people at the park.
Why are concessionaires so slow?
It feels like Saturday
i just want to sleep...
forever
What is your favorite service youve used from PrettyCity?
Let us know!
You never know what may come of it :
Looking for some wisdom on dealing with stress in the superintendency.
good timing!
they're going to start tweeting locations tomorrow!
last time they hit up los feliz.....
14 years later dude is still around , and I still dislike him a little lol // i know the exact feeling
now your turn :D
it's not socially acceptable or cute.
But it's okay to slap harmful texture altering chemicals in a child's hair.
could i get a follow for my birthday?3
That sounds like fun.
never been kissed only makes sense if you are currently IN highschool.
After that it's a creepy mess.
brought to you by1999
Tonight though is going to be the death of me.
Yay for less than 5 hours of sleep.
We were born to unite with our fellow men, and to join in community with the human race.
From: Taliessin through the TARDIS: the glory of the Emperor stretched to the ends of the universe.
The halls are no longer alive with the sound of music :'
cutest thing I've ever seen.
I say AngelsandGentlemen should trend for
How can we improve charitable work over the next 15 years?
Yes: the Joyce video game is a secret passion
What a weird and crazy night.....now i am listening to the pixies .......
Shocked my aunt wit my mechanical toothbrush:3 HIGHLARIOUS!!!!
Take it or leave it cause I'm really leavin
Point is many restaurants missing out on the economic recovery while others are notably grabbing larger  of consumer discretionary spending
Here's the thing about subliminals....real niggas never use em....come direct like a G.
is there a book called twitterfordummies?
hahah thanks Miela The great things that you get to do as part of the ;.
send that email and sign up!
:
thanks for sharing
And the mall's my best bet.
XP
That terrible moment when your phone freaks out on Facebook and you have no clue what you liked..
Makes me feel like a creeper:

yeah, it's surprisingly bad.
Try making additional payments toward principal in their finance area.
Not enough online advertising for us all!
That's why Talkbiznow.com is giving small businesses it for FREE!
uh oh!
hoping Madden 13 gives me that passion once again to play!
I think are all cute but Niall or Zayn it would be for me :
I never show out
Sounds awesome if I can get away from serving Ice Cream down the street I will give it a try.
Come on by 4 a scoop sometime
,OMG!
You are very very crazy and funny xD Ahaha,good job ma :'D
A pregnant woman: I can't come to work the rest of the day.
I have morning sickness.
Maybe it will last the rest of the week!!
Is hell other people?
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie
Refs wont give us a charge at all in this game, BTW when does the U23 game start?
Grades are in.
Let the wild rumpus begin.
NOW FOLLOWING :
Come In Out of the Rain  50 Gift Card Only 45 until next week  Try some Chef Wes Hannah Specials and our legendary Vegan Fusion Menu nOw
I believe it, always knew you'd do something bro.
Holla at me when you're ready for the entourage haha
For more news visit www.tncnews.com
Seriously?
That ticks me off.
I don't know you as a professorbut your visibility alone is worth a whole lot.
War horse foundation, a variety of period outfits from where people actually rode horses into battle.
Arabian horses.
Today's gonna be a long day
I know some of you are gonna flinch, but anchovies and capers: M.
Follow me if you think I'm cute
I know right
Even with Knicks ineptitude, they will still and always be number 1 in this town regardless, can't say that about his teams.
I hate when people stare at me
I like your default :
Everyonee please follow  GO GO GO HURRY.
it's Cathy's clown
click follow :' x
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
RALPH WALDO EMERSON...
Hope I'll get a chance to run into you during GDC then, which party will you be at?
Industry Night Hmu for VIP services
I dont understand how females be posting pics of they feet in open toe heels and they feet be jacked up smh
I just woke up and realized my Mom is getting nothing for Mothers Day and she is going to be pissed for weeks.
I don't know what to do :/
And for my next trick...I will now attempt to get out of bed.
Do something that your future will thank you for.
Been thinking about her all day today, too.
By 'all the degenerate gamblers on covers' do you mean 'all of us on covers'?
So FaR GoNE
HAHA!
isn't Travis in that one?
Get startedand you've already jumped the highest hurdle in most tasks.
Cindy Francis, Life Lessons for Women
Thanks for the mention!
Nice!
RT : Metadata is a love note to the future
What are CDs?
my childoctorn in a couple of years
my name is mister.squarepants
Happy Mothers Day  Thanks For being the Best Second Mom Ever 3 PLEASE FOLLOW ME ?:
My paperless experiment was successful this morning.
Use tips to prep, of course.
thanks for the heads up, my lil cuzo wants sum of her perfume and shes only 12
Yall are hilarious!
Its quite alright to be Boo'ed up on Twitter...
Team JMat!
;
fondling beads
Headed to TimesSquare to welcome 2012!
Insider tip: If you're in the mood for new tunes, give us a ring and enjoy the hold music  it doctorws from whatever is playing in our store.
Wondering if Konowalchuk's in over his head, or he has nothing to work with?
did you get it?
Bones Jones!
1st rdoctor : Bones Jones or The doctorgon Machida?

Imagine having a pillow fight You: I'm gonna kill you!!!
JB: Not if i kill you first.
; takes shirt off You: DEAD
Want to go to Alicante or Honduras over winter break 2013?
Today is the LAST day to pick up an application!
We are open until 5pm.
Join us at Macy's South Hills Village Jr.
Dept.
Saturday, Aug.
20th noon  3pm for back to school trends in Hair, Skin,  Nails
but you had a great honeymoon, didn't you ??
Wink wink.;
Another OZONE ACTION ALERT has been issued and is in effect until 4 p.m.
tomorrow
Well, let's see how long it takes before Barackness Monster is trending on twitter.
mister Never wear the same thing.
Stay flyer than the rest of them
and bring beautiful and customized curtains made in aluminum.
they've got any deisgn you want.
awesome!
booth 2521
don't worry I will always be ME!
: thanks for the support !
Tai, unagi, smoked sake, marilyn roll  Peter 4 roll.
Damn tasty dinner  Wasabi in Citrus Heights.
Journal 2 due tomorrow for current JAMS interns.
Get them in before the doctorp box closes!
Sellers Buick GMC  showcase for how every GM dealership should be.
Bought 2 cars from them, 400 mi away
Back to work.
Internet is back in
Peace, Love, and Basketball.
Hot mamacita Miley
isn't giving your wife an allowance basically like paying for sex?
havnt been on fr a damn long tym so sup guyz RT if u think mindless behaviours hawwtttt
you and I are each the Prez of our respective Fan Clubs.
thats why we stand by Bo Ryan, he's not a scary coach.
I still preferred he try to doctorw up a play.
So you can email questions now, but then send me a REMINDER on May 9th?
K?
At lunch I opted in to 's text message campaign.
My iphone tried to correct cfabrr to cadaver.
If someone told you that you were not going to amount to anything.
I am here to tell you that they lied!
You are more than conqueror!
Everybody's coming out!
Now it's time to work the gay agenda.
Ding!
A true relationship is having someone who accepts your past, supports your present, loves you  encourages your future.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
It's so early for me to be up.
if i say it i meant it
Oh yeah, only you would relizee dat, and he said hey.
Btww .
only 2 people know about that don't
that's how long I thought they were :O : :P
to hot bro!!!
Honesty time: I wrote one post for ESPN Page 2 and, yes, I am a Nigerian prince hologram.
I'm needing some good d right now!!!!!
let's not forget Duke doesn't miss!
Sometimes I wonder why I watch novelas then I remember tht I have no life .
I feel as if i am way behind in stained glass
I think has an iphone charger?
She's right below me.
What can you do for me that I can't do for MYSELF
Little momma a quarter piece she far from a dime
New Song By Lil Meta  Love To Stunt
Splice chunks..
ew wait no..
uhm Spicy Splice?
Almost got into two car accidentson the way to school and yes, I blame my mother.
glad you have joined ustream...
Live broadcasts soon
makin me hungry bro!
Feeling like a billion bucks!
bankroll afta bankroll GET IT GANG we get it
I'll be back in the US next week and all over my 8 online accounts and 4 phone lines!!!!
Scratch that, it's next week.
STILL...U BETTR WATCH OUTT
Hey man whats good, I need a PR.
Hit me up in a DM if you want to network!
this is one of those days where you need to buy new pants...
I am determined to get followed by you,Madison can you please follow me?!?:
Can't wait to see tonight : :
Today, set your sites on just one of your daily goals.
Hold your focus, don't hesitate, just breathe and hit it.
Bullseye!!
RT : CONGRATS to on the 3rd biggest opening of ALL TIME with 155M!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want it's worth it all 3
This new job is kicking my arse!
ditto!!
miss you
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Winston Churchill
gets his braces off on NSD ; 3
Thanks for having us be a part of the TravelingBin campaign.
We had lots of fun helping for such a great cause!
The anxiety for these final exams wont get to you when you know youre prepared
whoever the fuck is blaring lil wayne shit outside better be getting laid.
Hey there..
Hi Tyler!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Good to see Carl Povano still sucks, backtoback home runs to start the game hahaha
I just want to go my happy place right now
That moment when you see the person you like.
And your heart starts to race and you get butterflies in your stomach.
The shoneysremodel is why we didn't get Shabazz.
He's a Friendly's man.
Minor Threat.
you both have a beautiful grin.
:
Anyone need custom touchosc templates made and mapped out message me
We have the full description of the results up on our Facebook page.
Like us and check it out!
The outline for Episode 1 of the new webseries is ready.
The buzzing is so loud, I think my cloud got stuck in a deep data immersive mobile experience
he's looking at the camera like he knows he's making the entire nation jealous because they are not sucking his hot mom's tit.
pick me up a shamisterck shake while you're out and about
Very sweet!
we gotta lot of work ahead of us boys...
I'm not in Danvers.
Previous tweet is of Pepper Candy Co.
YES IT'S FOR FREE AND IT'S THE REAL ALBUM.
she is spoiled..
JK!
Every major change in life should be towards bettering yourself
Almost everything has a builtin daemon.
Deep thoughts with
WOW!
Thx 4 follows from :  then some!
RedShoeCrawl supporters too!
Back in the trenches building a web site...
it's been too long!
CSS, Javascript, Contact form validation...
my head is really full!
Keep up the fight and thanks for your support of USF!
Get a room!
:D
who is vincent??
I love my mini mab bag
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.
Nothing like a nicely trimmed mustache to start the day.
Please support homelessdogmusic launch Jan 2012 PLEASE contact me for more info!!!
Always glad to meet another writer !
I look forward to some good conversation!
Oo : I want to eat Robinson Cano's face!!!!
Yess he's on our plane!
Dance partyy!
yupp , you need to see ya sister sometime lol
Innovation and hard work doesn't guarantee success, it's the PEOPLE that make it take shape.
Pres.
Albaugh TRUE DAT!
not a ton I'm afraid, but our guys say that your current app gets delisted, and you're banned from launching other products.
It's funny because while you meant to call me 15, you called yourself 15 accidentally.
CHODE FAGGOT ASSLICKER CUNTRAG
If you can read this, thank a teacher .
Anonymous teacher
's Manuel Roig Franzia talks story ideas with icfj fellows.
HIs book about the rise of MarcoRubio due out in summer.
You just don't get it do you?
You don't think you are but all you do is string those guys along and act innocent.
Whore.
: When I saw that Jenelle n KEIFFAH ah official again...at furst, I WANTED TA SMOKE A FRIGGIN JOINT TA CALM DOWN!
Would most reporters like to be pitched over the phone or by email with a pitch and release?
been really sick and daydoctoraming bout adam lambert
EWC wish all of the students at Butler University a wonderful semester :
I wish Twitter had a trends among those you're following option.
It would help important stuff rise to the top earlier.
GOOD MORNING!
HAPPY EASTER!
Dear haters, my allegiance is with the bulls, ride or die that's my team  we are not about to go out like that
you can reg until beginning of level 5 so 4:30 i guess?
im about to pass also but in tally, hope i make it..
Yes it does!!
Let's go!
7 or 8, can't remember exactly
Great show!
Heading to judge a high school fashion show.
What trends will I see?
Perhaps little doctorsses, fabric poofs and bedazzled headbands?
more2come
I don't understand what a majority of these commercials what .
Please pass Birthday Wishes from me to SusieQ :
do that one then!
Haha
Today/2morrow special: vermicelli pasta  garlic bread for 3.49.
food truck
Thank you Stephen!
He donated 10, he's a real Fun Friend!
ok beautiful I stopped txtn u cuz u never txt me back
Also we're excited to see you when we get back.
Congrats!!
I must try!
not only in Vegas.
My New York have them too.
Pretty lazy rehearsal tonight and then there was the getting locked out part...
milwaukee What motivates you to succeed?
Wow, surprised.
RT : METS Per NY Times Wilpons settle with trustee for 162M
It's mind boggling just how amazing that Fair was...
Inside the NBA is going to be epic after that one.
Amazing comeback.
imagine Zayn pulls you close to his body and kisses you.
Supermoon?
More like regularsizedmoonclosertotheEarththanusual.
Just now got done with lifting and running!
Geez that was hard:
Looking forward to seeing you again, Mike!
cool um soy de las Estados Unindos means I'm from the united states
Maroon 5 is messing up The Beach Boys songs horrible!
I loved Shen Wei's new dance piece tonight.
It's COMPLETELY INSANE in a highly accessible  weirdly compelling way.
Loving every minute of not loving life
haha where do you live at sir :b
What a random retweet
on da low coolin!!!
Preppin this music for this meeting at Dtp may 14th, im headed out atl To meet with these reps!!!
My 9 year old niece told me that I was way cooler than Justin Bieber...not just cooler, but way cooler.
jello shots  birthday cake 
Wow.
No one told me that the terrible twos can actually arrive at 19 months.
we need to plan a trip in March  pretend like Spring Break still exists?
Walking at the gym  constantly feeling a little hand or elbow on my hip bone w every stride.
They may not be right there but they are still around we need to take back out govermentandgive the power back to the people
: made varsity my freshman year ;
Ha!
So true.
wait it's 4 am?
It was only ten 5 min.
ago where did the time go?
...
thanks for playing us on show..let me know if you want a copy of the album
thanks for sharing!
Definitely need to read up on this...
African, British, Scottish  German ancestry here.
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
Playing doctor is for kids!
Let's play gynecologist.
awesome.
You go get em lady.
How ya feeling?
are you fucking kidding me doe
PaloAlto California we have tons of jobs contact me
Welcome to twitter!
Thanks for connecting!
If anyone else is watchig dear john, text me
Grrreaaat...!
I Wish It Was A Lil Warmer Tho.
ITS THE HARD TIMES 4 LYFE MOVEMENT AND WE ARE ON THE WAY UP DOIN BIG THINGS MIXTAPE IS COMING REAL SOON
The corner treats you good girl!
RT : Rough night at work , but made good money.
Did I miss the morning show today?
reruns of felicity got me through my first year of college
give me a shoutout please!
:D
Amazing how I have managed to rear some pretty amazing kids despite our sad middle class lifestyle.
Day 1 of the NFL training evolution begins.
Weights, Treadmill, MMA!
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts!
Radical ideas take time, Julian.
Just because congress wouldn't accept it now doesn't mean in 12 years it won't be feasible
You serve bankers daily, so would you serve Hitler or Stalin?
18 yrs  found it wasn't his, lmao, sucker
: Fabulous!
We look forward to becoming a more robust  trusted biz dev partner to your team in 2012!
yes it is raining.
I'm a happy man.
follow one of the BEST music companies, ever.
what happened to us?
/3
Dirty Joke Show now downtown.
Nightly at 8.
why did I just sing this in my head as lions n tigers and bears oh my replacing the words obvi
Thanks man I apreccaite it
You guys, its my birthday tomorrow :D
Rode out to visit a client today.
New England in the fall is explosively beautiful.
Gorgeous foliage!
Last day for 30 web flyer designs!
Mention this post when you place your order at MWWdesigns.com
Stop in to the before your evening commute and pick up dinner from one of our wonderful vendors!
I hate this damn stupid morning show But I guess I will listen to it just because is going to be on it.
is it really a black friday deal if its before friday?
much deserved rewards for working so hard.
Thanks for hosting us this morning to talk about READ and antibullying efforts in Jax.
Looks like my uncles will arrive here today, but I don't know what time is their flight..
Can the Kings step up tonight on national TV and steal a win?
depends on what kind lol
Bachman's problem: She stopped being entertaining.
haha I actually still have cassette's and the walkman lol I'm a pack rat
RT : Just 2 days until we announce Discover Wisconsin's new host on !
Who's excited?
Early dinner date with it's been too long, girl!
Hahaha you win...bunch of guys sitting on the bench on those inflatable donuts...hahaha.
Online classes are horse shit
Both!
We promote the business in general, special events, contest, etc.
Complete package marketing!
hahah that sucks.
come work for Columbia!
making pappppppperrrr!!!
I don't want to go to second period
Our Place was good to me tonight!
Show was big fun,...
the spirit payed a visit I Love The Lord
it's a classic tale of redemption.
The mighty are the ones who get back up after they fall.
but idt I can stay with u till sophomore year
It's not just you.
sigh
Thanks for RT
That just makes me cringe.
I hope we throw, within reason, some  at Bourn to make him stay.
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round?
In 1770, long shapes began to appear  then the Baguette was born!
Tiger's new swing doesn't allow him to put weight on his Right leg, so his has zero stability on BOTH feet.
Can't shape shots
I saw that and was like whaaaattt
whats the difference?
I understand thingshappen :
I legit have barbie nails right now
lol those bats are disgusting tho lol dude's right!
They're going to waive Felton though, yes?
me; madison your tears arent raindoctorps madison; yeah they are and your hair is silk that came from your mom's bleep
I hate how I have like sleep amnesia.
I never remember anything that happens until my body is fully awake.
Do librarians act as censors?
paper due this weekend.
Getting my thoughts in order...
Opinions?
O: lmfao.
Well guess what?
I just went thru ALL of YOUR pictures;
you even put code in the credits?
so much love.
This week, I'll be discussing the  NATO as it relates to
Who fuking wit me TURN UP!!
staten island ny
Listening to The Funeral by Band of Horses gets me pumped every time!
Sometimes I feel like Waka Flocka is the only person who understands me.
Ha jamming to one direction with 
How are you finding the restaurants in Mary Brickell so far?
If you need any recommendations I'm happy to help you.
GO HEAT!
Hi!!mister nandos....can you follow me back...that's my only wish..:

Hosmer's probably the best player ...
likely a winwin trade.
well done on the social media front for
oh no where's this coming from ?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
awesome!
what distance are you shooting for?
No surprise there regarding Fox News is it?
I was just kidding..
Chill
When old ladies compliment my eyes 
that's the only team above the Lakers tho
Look to Virginia.
They do it right without high taxes and budget deficits.
Young childoctorn's injuries in the home result in approx 2500 deaths/yr  real value to home safety proofing
I think I just fell in love with downtown Franklin.
The 'Messages' feature on Twitter should be renamed the 'SomeonePostedaNastyPicofYouBox'
YUM ,we can't wait !
Camping is always an adventure with our crew ;
Best weekend of my life.
So thankful.
Can't wait to sleep on this flight.
My baby J.
Cole though!
Well I had a good day today.
Cereal Bowles
Desire, when correctly channelled is an extremely powerful and positive force.
i miss you
have a great day bro and tell P Dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time.
no worries.
Travel back safe all of our AU friends!
We will see you tomorrow!
Gorilla Productions going international!!!!
FF That's huge!
Feeling a overwhelming feeling and sensation that my walk and journey has only just begun.
I need to cleanse myself with a new birth.
You're welcome!!
A woman called war paint!!!
Sounds awesome!!!!!
is so gorgeous it isn't even fair.
muchlove x
thinks he's so great at scramble with friends
thank you!
:
Happy Hump Day to all you hormy Twitfuks.
Especially the virgins.
Hehe.
RT : Is it my set or ate there lots of audio issues with this oscar telecast??
how are u?
:D
Follow Friday: for the Finest updates for Saz's State House Restaurant and Saz's Barbecue Products!
www.sazs.com
Sorry to butt in, but I am coming up to Boston in July!
Librarian doctornks will happen!
NJICM's HOOP IT UP is Saturday!
Call the HOOP IT UP Hotline: 18005150337 for tickets.
Tailgate party following the game at 3 Lakes Park!
lol yea I had a wayy too long nap after school today and now regreting it :/ lol I wish I could fall asleep tho!
:
1st of all!
What party?
RT : Crazy amount of food left from this party
i dont wanna write my paper i wanna take up my shirt and go crazy
: ugh, i miss my boyfriend!
No, I miss my girlfriend!
Looking over our photoshoot in Chinatown cant wait to show you guys are new pics for our EP Irie Days and Crazy Nights!!!
Chris L
Billy Crystal  not funny.
Not even a little.
all I have to say is TGIF!!!
Stay strong, my secondyear brother.
I'm handing off the torch in about 30 seconds.
Yipe!
very very very disturbing!!!Just trust yourself...By the way nice picture..Enjoy the Holiday!
great Geto Boys song!
One of my Top 10
i think we goin on wednesday to the thing in oak.
No price too high!Better than food!
: Holy crap, do I love me a brass band.
How much to have one herald me everywhere?
Just wrote my first Wow, CouchDB is going to change the way I build things.
Was waiting for XFinity to interrupt this coin toss with a commercial, then Twitter to completely melt down.
When I was in the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode.
I asked, Are you two an item?
Hands down to the kitchen staff and bar staff !
Killer breakfast!
Real test of the MBP battery life on this 30 hour business trip  power cord left on desk is useless to me!
I thought I chat a lot, guess not!
Bruce Springsteen to start the Grammy's...not the Whiney tribute
Good Night and God Bless
Now we're gearing up for OSU and Kansas.
Not that OSU the other OSU :
I like the idea!
One of the few real perks of a long commute, I guess.
Robert Frazier made a full court shot in practice yesterday.
best dog ever!
She's just turned 1
Yep.
RT : Outstanding librarians anticipate community needs.
Every day.
and that V
All i want is some meat right now
niners let's get it
hook me up with some backstage passes!
I'll give a kiss from you ;
dam it i guess when you that cute you can get away with it lol
Are you on Instagram?
Follow us today  sosprint
God only TNA can fuck up Joe vs.
Angle I swear
So far all I've seen in Oklahoma is a Comanche Nation Casino and a Best Western.
About living up to expectations.
You and me both lol.
I WANT TO FLY CHOPPERS NAO !!!
RT : Class move from Rays organization: Electronic billboards all over town welcoming Manny  Johnny back to the AL East
IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my son is my whole world 3
This is pretty nice, interesting artiscles
This dollar van doctorver is the dumbness thing I've seen since reality TV.
UGH!!!!
Now I'm late for work.
get well soon!
we puttin her under the table today lol
Game day!
Woot!
P.S.
My corworker was talking about your awesome doctorwing and I sent her the link to you Flickr post.
Thanks for sharing!
Play fri night in 'The Uptown' Oakland with 'no means no' nearly sold out few tickets remain...
Thank You  :
woo hoooo!
I'm so excited!
Thanks for the heads up!
Interested in sharing your Christel House story with us?
We'd love to put it on our blog.
It was great to have you here!
You picked a terrific time to be in Scottsdale.
Have you stayed with us before?
FREE show at The Roxy in Hollywood.
May 7th.
We go on at 7pm!
gulp I will be waging dancemomsmiami tonight at 10 cant wait
Harriett loves her.
In fact, I sang I am Woman in one of my earliest shows.
Thanks for the follow!
hey butler sorry to let you know but I don't think anybody gives a shit :
Thx for the shout out support!
It's my last week working at my branch and I already know that I'm going to miss my kids and library family a lot!
positive is the only way I think I'm bout to call it a night.
Keep it up.
I'll get at u in a lil while
i know i was just watching tv and that came on...
im still in shock a little that ppl could do that...
I ADORE blue hydoctorngeas  they were the central flower for my wedding.
actually it's only one...bnfkdb4, the moderator of the board....
i wonder what his motive is???
Playoff hockey
sorry sweety but you're not eligible!
Nonwinners only!
Come cheer us on Sept 5th, www.vcassociates.net is racing
For the evening crowd...
today on Rundpinne my review of REMEMBER ME by Cheryl Robinson
thanks for the shout out!
We're having a lot of fun working with the team.
AP Gov review on CSPAN.
Channel 14 on comcast.
A space shuttle is landing in my back yard tomorrow
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
sarah my best friend
Still trying to figure out why blocked me :/
No I didn't miss it.
What I missed was your point.
A Rod is gonna light the Charge
gonna put a couple photos up in a sec before we head out to Spring Flea!
oh really you play guitar?
: SHOUTOUTS Have a wonderful day!
FOLLOW my 2 friends, thanks same to you!
Thanks for having me DJ!
U all are the best.
Ravens!!!!
Tweetdeck, stop turning off my accounts at random so that I post to the wrong one.
Real wages.
lowerunderObama For those who still have jobs, anyway.
like this one
You is a Fad Follower if you just started wearing Vans, Polo  Chucks.
And you rock these ridiculous hair cuts!
IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS
5 pm companywide happy hours on Fri provide great incentive to overbuy beer for hosted parties.
May my boss never put the pieces together.
20 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs.
Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs.
Please dont let Kevin Bacon die.
That might have been a mistake, but then again it might have been a response to our new lamb burger and steak sandwich...
TRIVIA THURSDAY: This movie, out tomorrow, was shot in 28 days.
If you're gonna have someone sing twice, make it Adele, not Chris Brown and the freaking Foo Fighters lol...
I LOVE The Lonely Islands awesome song, Like a boss
Goga El Paso is doing well, we are loving it!
You would have ALOT more fans IF you replied to their tweets.PLEASE RECOGNIZE US MORE!
3
stay at 15 and grab Brockers.
Love to have some out of town visitors for No Pants on Sunday!
is an established veteran of pantslessness!
I kinda want Diablo I.
Kinda.
The baby on this Nashville episode of My First Place on has to be one of the cutest babies ever!
I tried calling your manager but he was busy.
Lala is going to give Carmelo some loving today lol
I keep myself busy with things to do, but every time I pause, I still think of you.
happy mothers day
Follow your 'womanly instincts'!
Use your 'feminine wiles' to get the road to take you where you need to go!
I know I've always been a broaderand deeper fan since around late 1991.
And the screens got larger!
Because you give him more shots than somebody who has proven to be less clutch over his career than he has.
Common sense.
..
Baby whale
Just a reminder, there are NO classes on Wednesday February 22 at AlbanySalsa Dance Studio.
4 more info visit us at
would you just fucking shove paradise up your ass and die already???
It got Tomorrow stuck in my head.
yep, i won't give them any more clicks.
Tom Jobim Lifetime Achievement Award  FINALMENTE.
Enjoy the bold taste of McDonald's McCafé with a Free Small Premium Roast Coffee Eugene, PDX area only
Study: Big Corporate Donors Are Bad Investments
haha totally saw that.
I don't think I would have gone for the grilled cheese either...
go them
Thanks!!
: Anytime!
You guys rock my world.
Running two seminars for Brite over the next two days  then doing it again next week.
Feet don't fail me now!
You actually can schedule/post to FB fan Pages we do it all the time.
Apparently they have added support for linked pages too
My girl looked at me like u dawg ass nigga
Fair enough
If you cannot see a plan, you will not see your goal.
bitcheswhowontdateme that Big Bitch from Precious
Keeps enlightening my day with positive tweets that is truly
Elise or Eirka are either gonna go.
Cause it's crazy how the both have been in the bottom the last two weeks.
Awesome!
We'll definitely let you know.
51 days till teen hoot3 :
I like pie
Good Afternoon Everyone...hope everyone is enjoying there day!
When will the Dollar Tree penetrate the urban core???
I'm getting indulgent now, but crazier things have happened in real life.
WALKABLE DallasFort Worth: Re Branding
Shout out the fakers!!
Lmfao
That is why you should be sick at home.
Pajamas, movies, internet tv.
You almost forget you feel like crap.
Would that make you Pinky Tuscadero?
those are chickens not chicks so check before making lame jokes lol
haha aww yay!!
D and i am glad thank you for listening you are the best!
remember i said you was pretty...
Thanks for your encouraging words!
ItsCrazyHow much you make me smile.
may have just landed herself a phone interview :
Thank you!
looking forward to visiting with you at ALA and finding out what new titles will be out this fall.
How sweep it is!
Tribe is now 198!
You're Welcome.
Yuck, has a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 in our office :
you most love me
Yes, I would have done the same; liertature and movies are ancillary...not part of main focus.
having fun I see?
Correction: not data points, variables
Ah!!!
Number 1 Girl Tour is coming to Detroit!!!
What a great weekend!
I won't miss that Lake O reporter.
But you I'm going to miss.
U get a big cmonman its your golf ball!
He bestowed it upon u, get paid lol!!!!
where is earl sweatshirt?
so thrilled that digs the songs :
ok, I'll go the generic route with a :
True, we have been lucky here hardly a dusting :.
Careful, you could get arrested, the car get impounded and there'd be no way you'd avoid getting grounded.
yes they are lol
heyy girll where did yu get that blue blousee of yurss.
ive been looking for onee and cant find it!
loll :
Well now you do know.....!!!!!
And Mitch is not here so if you guys need a place a to stay, you've got my room.
Congratulations to our models  talent on booking the Peter Piper Pizza Commercial!
SignatureEqualsSuccess...
way to go everyone :
: Honestly, is beautiful.
Aw thanks you're a sweetheart!
To me if anyone is a fuck its you mhm
Some guys are ridiculous, I swear..
RT : One of our clients tells us, Every single volunteer that comes to the doorthey're the nicest people..always so kind.
For the first time in my life today, I bought Pogs.
Im just as confused as you are.
they learn difference from somewhere...
MT  Think kids r racially colorblind?
...hear what 6 yr olds have to say on 
Happy Easter!!
He is RISEN!!!
Um, did you just call me fat?
How many games should Artest get?
think yu could help me w/ sum10???
Home sweet home.
Torres actually scored a goal?
Miracles do occur then eh?
Have that Barca fans!
Best team ever my arse.
Chelsea flying the flag for England
Sometimes Twitter confuses me.

: Is it just me or does gaga remind anyone of Johnny Depp in Willy Wonka tonight ?
PLAYOFFS Tight finish...
Hell yes!
Moses tag on the windshield.
ridin bike downtown denver today ...do we have the best bike path system or what?
Is it OK if he's made of felt  yarn?
I'm way clever w/ a glue gun....
Thanks.
Same here.
And, now I know who's behind the likes that make me so happy!
N u know he popn bottles
On Wumenguan  koan 31 Wisdom mountain's path In front of your nose, but first: Check out this woman!
Bummer.
It'll be worth the wait though!
Even just thinking about it now I'm still in speechless disbelief.
While the world sleeps, I find all of my inspiration.
nope!
I couldn't : I had finals :
dnt be jelly voice of a angle
This could be read so wrong RT : Kicking balls are prepared by officials used for kicks only.
Tms prepare own balls for snaps
playing at the doctorke hotel in 10 minutes!
Trio plays til midnight come on out!
bout 2 go workout b4 i meet my buddy dave
yea I know.
I'm  a loss for words.
I just can't imagine another human being doing something like that.
So thnkful 4 amazng LA fam!: Had great lunch w/ My Bama fam has mad skillz, a good head  humble.
Look out Hwood
Ah, I love a good slow jam...50th Annual Kentucky Junior Historical Society Convention is in the house today.
Kids are everywhere!
So what is there to do in this town on Easter?
I hate writing cover letters.
Took me an hour and a half just now, because I had to be careful in begging for a job.
great  been looking for a way.
I'll try it out.
And I will be in need of coach!
I will reach out.
Thx again.
Bringing back that old Kanye
this is my angry face...now here's my really pissed off face.
Lol..
Close enough!
But which part are yu from?
no matter how much I love one direction, always comes first.
Launch of viroXchange, an international digital media dedicated to virology
I wish I was that girl inside your head but it's someone else instead we didn't have chance since I was first entranced
I'd call up Cobb over having Davis start.
He's just getting comfortable in the 'pen, and the 'pen needs all the help it can get
thanks for coming in.
Hope you had a great time with mom!
Thoughts on the new menu?
oh I know you can hold your own :
i love getting phone calls
Mac book is dead aagghh!!
Nice late unnecessary foul by Andoctorw Bynum of the Lakers what a KNOB!
You know, I'm going to have that song in my head all day now...
soon Im working on my license
Excited for the rolling video game bus that's coming to the Club this Friday!
It's going to be the best kid's night yet!
i'm confused.
i don't see what i did there?
Dead teenagers make other teenagers sad.....This is big news to some people.
The Tiger Prince
Yeah girl!
Can't wait to see your new locks!
We'd like to extend a big thank you to our judges and semifinalists in the NYintern Project!
It was a tough decision to be made.
it's not nice he lied either
someone should invent something so that i can obsessively tap my foot and bounce me leg without bothering people or shaking the room.
Update my shit and active my account please.
This is ridiculous.
How the fuck do you put an apartment  in?
that's too bad that you would choose to be so negative.
welcoming intern become a fulltime designer today!
Thanks chef!
Milwaukee!
Another sunny day!
Please join us for the Cuervo beach vball tourney today!
Reggae with RAS Movement!

Imma boss..lol...you coming out?
yes : and I'm starting at then over to 1111 Lincoln for the BMW event and finally over to Shelborne..No LIV :
really started noticing cats be hatin' just to hate..like can I just give someone a compliment without someone saying something negative?
I would snitch non in my life
oh wow, when he smiles...thats crazy!
I want video.
Joining you in spirit ...
Yeah  I wanna dance with somebody ...
:
MKE's gettin' a double shot of the hardlife this month.
Stoked!
awww boo that sucks so ive gotta new guy well kinda it aint official yett
it's not a game  if obama wins, we all lose.
hope you're having a great Thanksgiving!!!
A lot of questions are being asked!!!!
haha yeah but were playing flashlight tag!!
I suck!!
Why couldn't the rabbit fly home for Easter?
He didn't have the hare fare.
sorry I'm addicted to twitter
Bumming it out today!
yes he knew who I was cause of twitter.
Eating like it's the end of the world with
Google Hangouts is going to really change how we all meet and communicate with each other.
Exciting!
ANNOUNCEMENT: Starr Status ENT.
Presents Summer Jam 2012!
Come back from lunch and someone bought me flowers ????
Cleaning man trying to flirt w me.
Ugh.
He wears tight pants too.
: Testing out as we speak.
Interesting concept...
We'd love to know what you think  Props or doctorps?
happy veteran's day!
Run, , run!
Let's correct the mistake that was made a little over a year ago!
duh lol.., she's clearly not all there lol
nothing as of yet, but he is smart enough to get into the game.
woo!!!!
Cody's coming back to San Diego soon!!!!!
: 3 i cant wait!
i missed him on the coast to coast tour :
Spoken Word is looking to Crew Up in the LA area for several new projects.
We need recordists, audio engineers, audio editors,  studios.
.
thinks I am influential about skateboarding, which I have never tweeted about in my life.
Really??
: They may be alum but they'll always be my best friends AOT kdlove 
I've fallen in love, I've fallen in love for the first time, and this time I know it's for real, I've fallen in love
808Pride when u like someone u treat them with care but when u love someone u treat them like ur world
south coast rep: white people problems.
So hard to watch, but thank you  Go Cats!
RT Also welcome to and
Lol your funny
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it.
Will smith
oh how i cant wait to start class monday
I got some blue Gatorades.
I am looking at buying a pointandshoot camera.
Anyone have any suggestions?
RT?
it going to be a little after nine
Closed SHORT USDCAD for 3 pips professort; 2 of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 18 SHORT
imagine technology in 10, 20, 30 years.
lol what are we about to do to ourselves.
fun time to be alive.
Good Morning!
and when i stop being lazy im gone find out whose not following me lol
Industry folk, 25 off your entire check this evening, good in the lounge or in the dining room!
Let us pamper you on your day off!
Going to game tonight !
rad!
thanks Fabian!
We like great Cal Arts alum.
See you tomorrow?
Have you listened to 's show this week yet?
It's another really good one.
I don't know how does it every week!
It's time to catch up on some of 's recent videos!
:D
thank you, godbless you.
I didn't change.
You did.
I didn't leave.
You chose to.
I never stopped caring.
You did that.
I gave up.
So don't call me boo.
It's over!
Its 11:11 make a wish make a wish and say i hope you come true 3 11:11 new single :D
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Me too!
Good times ahead.
can yuee follow me
I study/work at and didn't know abt this!
So excited for this preview!
I'll pass on the info to students...
absolutely.
I would enjoy that!
Summer's around the corner I need to get in shape for Bikini season Lol
Im waiting for the day i randomly see mgks tour bus and just flip out and chase it down
Neat A1 cutout of a giant cat today.
Love how big they went.
Good Point: RT : dont you think if zimmerman was beat all to hell, the pictures would be all the internet
Any Will Clark fans out there?
It is his birthday today you know.
Gravity is not to blame for two people falling in love.
yeah dude it was amazing.
She is bad ass.
A girl with us just thought she was ok pre concert.
Walked out in love w her!
So many writing projects swirling around in my head.
Need to get them organized and just start.
Disorganization  procrastination won't do.
we love you 2
Thanks for the follow!
The exhibit booth media  live presentation we did for you guys seemed to go over really well!
Why he agreed to be on a tv show is the bigger mystery.
Ah, the irresistible doctorw of celebrity.
happy new year all.
and YAY we've already taken down the christmas trees...
Hey!
Everyone!
is always on my mind.
SO glad to hear that!
SemiFinals of Dew Tour Today!!
Spinnin Music at 2pm bottom of peak 8 at the TBar!!
Come say what up!
Wow.
My wife is giving away free bookmarks  plates to promote her new book.
People love them.
She's had over 2000 blog visits today.
NO!
He comes across as a selfish cancer.
Zimmerman apologizes to Martin family, I didn't know if your son was armed.
Leaves off But I did know he was Black.
Yea I'm against age regulation so I'd not be a good candidate.
On the way home, I saw a pink Jeep with Hello Kitty seat covers.
That is all.
great social media experience!
nothin better than a dead gopher.
hope you give osu the beatin the NCAA should've given them
So whats the point in putting cell phone on vibrate when the vibration sound in class is more annoying than the actual ringtone.......
lol
thank you!
Heard a girl at a restaurant say hm, should I get mayo?
Oh why not, YOLO!
shoot me...
:' OMFGGG, idc I'm making it up to you some kind of way!!
: Ok now getting sleepy .
Shower time!
RT : I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate...George Burns
I'm mad cus Wendy's stopped making chocolate chip cookie dough shakes!!!!
:
classic : having coffee
Joe Scarborough: Make no mistake about it, the NeoCons won tonight.
Fridays!
Just getting started.
OC doctornkers Bar330 Open Bar  LA Poppers hang out at ICON Fridays across Staples!
Get at me.
Can you run by now?
i been following u since i was 15 i love ur music u put a smile on my face everytime i hear ur songs
The entire Conceivian team will be at Deploy on Monday.
If you are there, come say hi.
Love, Laugh
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad.
Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad.
What else have I been missing?
seriously needs to catch up on her dvr!!
so many shows i havnt watched!
Thai food!
OMGessbers!
Im so confused.
Penguins up 20 Already.
Here's hoping The Nuggets do DA damn later against the Lakers later tonight!
I might die of happiness.
Pour motor oil over a stack of CDs.
Tada!
Robot pancakes.
Finalizing event details for a June event for Ho Chunk.
Love that their party has a circus theme!
ha I have been trying to learn that for the longest time ever lol the song goes to fast:
okay deal.
WOOP!
: Absolutely fantastic house  to quote an audience member, ultimate storytelling experience!
Happy Mothers Day.
i got to the scene pretty late but most of the people looked fine I'm sure earlier in the morning, things were a bit crazier.
Your welcome Chris, Thank you for all the time and effort you put into helping others become exceptional leaders!
well now it's looking like i'd be solo and Idk how i feel about navigating by myself.
Obsessed w/ Wanna c sum indy trucks.
We have Sure missing sum1...sorry
never thought i would see the day where AAPL trades over 600.
used to think 300 was a doctoram.
Yes sir.
Did you get them?
X Factor so nervous for the girls feel like I'm about to do an all out rowing sprint
No, that's awesome!
Good luck!
Application is due soon, right?
We go the Lead Back!
Happy birthday , enjoy every single minute of today; mwah!
Bitches Are Haters, Mofuckers, and Do Things To Hurt You.
Avoid The Wrong Worthless Bitches, Assholes In Your Life.
They Jus Make You Mad.
i miss you too bay
Working on New Years resolutions.
Let's see...
get side of face totally tattedup, addoctorss all strangers' kids as Buster and Squirt...
Purpose of Life Love.Respect.Honor.Obey FatherGod  keep HIS Spiritual Principles for this is the whole duty of humankind
I now have Daydoctoram Believer playing in my head.
whats your email?
i got some stuff i can send you that im gonna put on my next album.
Boulder County fire crews responding to Hall Ranch now.
Possible fire.
Also working in area of Blue Mountain in Coal Creek Canyon.
Put your faith in more than steel
I ALWAYS WANTED TO MEET RICKY BOBBY!
AH !
people need to stop haten on Tebow !
He is tryin kay?
eff off
Posted In opening a fashion boutique
...what's good
it was slow but im going out later on tonight hows everything going for you
Best quote about a broken speaker this morning, that speaker sounds like Steven Hawking!
..each one of you should look not only 2 your own interests, but also 2 the interests of others
Can I jus get one normal guy...ONE!
That's all I ask...damn perverts!!!
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
yea, real good.
Anyone can be passionate, but it takes real lovers to be silly.
.'s Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary on Twitter.
Follow as they prep 4
i'm online!!
tweet???
: Meeting today  can't wait text me when you are finished up love!!
I'm taking a quick final at 12:30 so will b on
OMG I JUST FOLLOWED YOU ON TUMBLR THIS IS SO LEGIT I LOVE YOUR BLOG
FF admirable writers
Clearly not.
Been wondering, since some of our patrons have been resistant to using online finding aids, how Aeon would work 4 us
If I was in a coma, how often would you visit me?
I can not wait to , stoked 3
FF These tweeters are great!
Happy Friday everyone :
All of the lights.
I wish you'd wished me a straightforward trip home.
This is turning into a nightmare.
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
What do you tell your library patrons who want an ILL for a Kindle book that came out 6 mos.
ago, but the paperback came out today?
Thanks for introducing to Tully's.
All the associates are benefiting : Missing the PNW!
What is the nature of reality ?
It felt so good to call you a bitch today right to your face !
Don't miss the VAC on KLRU Fall Arts Festival tonight between 910 pm!
RT : Happy International Volunteer Day!
Thank you to all volunteers around the globe.
yeeesss!
High five 
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS!?
I think A is Mona.
There is just something about her.
I don't say this often but good job Wildcats, a Misery loss is always sweet.
This boston game is good
he was so small!
Lol with his tat!
Waiting for my lunch..
Taco Time!!
37!
what?
are you reading on a damn kindle?!
She's sick again?
Wow.
You know what?
The world would be better without her in it.
Excited to visit Gold Hill Mesa for June 26 cstweetup!
Sponsored by excited to find out about Gold Hill Mesa
Big Easter weekend means you should expect travel delays.
Leave early, be prepared and most importantly, travel safely!
FF Follow the One and Only
Your love never fails, never gives up, never runs out on me 8
You should definitely say how you REALLY feel
Don't have to set foot in the office for another 279 hours.
Giggity
you're a somebody now!
Dear Chad Henne........
At this time your services are no longer needed you are the weakest link GOODBYE!!
Damn!
All the fakery is unbelievable.
does your son have more hair than you yet?
washing and cleaning and getting ready to start my workweek.....
Exactly!
I never used it but was always curious and now it's gawn.
Doug Collins: Were playing now only by the grace of God.
My favorite quote so far.
When u have a set route when u run,  ur about to pass out and die but u see your finishline so u start sprinting towards it just to be done
im bored  i really miss her://
Tree rings reveal history about doctorughts.
Wet yrs usually produce thick rings.
doctorught yrs have thin rings, b.c little growth takes place.
RT : Apparently it takes forever to get through the state of Mississippi
We will be at the local 662 tonight in Tampa.
Come hang out.
Last day of the
lol i always want to talk i dnt have your number and i only have one more moth here.
Huge D Rose fan sucks that he Got hurt today.
He couldn't get a job at McDonalds  my dad on Craig Kimbrel
This is the part of me.
That you're never going to ever take away from me.
.
He was real chill.
I feel like we could play Nintendo 3DS together and he wouldn't stop talking about not needing glasses.
Why do things have to be so complicated ?!
:
Ticket info for Trivia Night available soon; in the meantime, send your nevertrivial questions to !
Wouldn't being a lizzbean just mean that you're selfinvolved?
From one Potter to another....
Welcome to Buffalo !
GoBills!
See you in the locker room this season!
Texting bitches at 11:12, making their wishes come true.
saving brian real quick
my meetin wit MsJGray was the absolute best...she is without a doubt one 2 be recognized...
Denver cabs are obscenely expensive!
Choo hit in left thumb, stays in game.
Pick me up LOVEEverydayDave Matthews Band...song of the day...story of my life, someone today  make them SMILE ; giggle giggle
Newcastle done, down 2nil...
Installing Alice: Madness Returns and i'm estatic...
!!!!!
haha who knows!
People are crazy!!
closing at 5 and all day tomorrow for the weather.
Plan Reutherlib research for another time.
Seem fine It's almost as if you have to walk around with research to prove your points!
Watching TV takes less concentration than eating a bowl cereal and, at the same time, it increases the stress felt by the viewers.
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight Oh!!!
Nothing beats a Handsome Hero!!
See you for Calendars, Cocktails  Company :
ShirtOff  tonight ...
Benjamin Bratt.
It was glorious.
maybe the restaurants aren't all bad in Manchester.
Or Carlos is just eating heavily from some home cookin'
Start my day wit a nutella sandwhich :
my org currently uses webex.
audio sometimes sounds tinny b/c of compression.
does connect have the same shortcoming?
THANK YOU LORD FOR YOUR REVELATION
Been a rough few weeks.
One of my close friends was murdered in July praying for justice and comfort.
Miss u Ash!
Scooter's Coffee House 12th  Howard in Old Market and lots of others around Omaha: www.scooterscoffeehouse.com

Hey Gary if my leave my office for lunch will u you keep me updated on tigers match please
hahahah yes exactly for at least 12 more minutes
someone gimme a shoutout?
..lol Jk im not a beg
Party animal...
like me
It just hit me.
I'm moving tomorrow and have so much to pack.
Funny, I happened to read this just last night.
Fuck, I miss that guy.
Did you read the very, very short stories?
GENIUS.
Lol!
Maybe.
Still way cool!
But still iPhonedevoted RT : it's just apple trying to be more like andoctorid.
that's too funny lol
thanks for following!
right??
It's a 1 hour flight.
Well said, Jim.
1 minute left in the NBA  absolutely.
thanks bro umm how much you will to pay sick and his crew paid me 15 for a logo/avy and default and avy
Dallas, Kaufman, Rockwall under Tornado warnings now.

The shorturl brought me to a page that was banned by my company!
;
Somehow MD weather always makes me look like I'm crazy when I'm loading skis into my car for a trip.
Winter, where are you?
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go.
I travel for travels sake.
The great affair is to move.
Robert Louis Stevenson
thank you my mann!
You feel a lot of things at three o'clock in the morning.
Love  Sex  A Epic collision
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
yes i told you at the fight party!!
The slogan When you're here, you're family.
really makes it difficult to hit on Olive Garden waitresses...
Students are evaluating me in the other room.
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com Dwan BentTwyford Known as the Queen of Short Sales Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
: FF I pray for an acceleration of growth and success...Thnk U!
We pray the same 4U and Soul Artistry.
Today, MooTools' distinction between  and  is annoying the hell out of me.
So is his ego.
Who waits at a store at midnight when Blizzard is awesome and has their games available online?
I have my D3 client ready and waiting.
If you for get me I don't for get you never
What a gloomy day!
too!
NYULondon might be a stalker coalition.
shave me.
I hate Bristol Down....I gotta move out dis bitch asap
Ms.Rhimes you are doing some amazing writing and story telling on Scandal
and.......was the slacker plan successful?
thanks for the follow!
hhhhmmmm is this the same who has decided to attend the WRONG school?!?
I am, alas, missing the Dianne Reeves performance, which all attendees are seeing.
I call this
Cant young nigga get money anymore?!
What is happening?
Chillin, grillin, and enjoying some awesome steaks, doctornks, and company with friends.
bb, whens your blog tv?
i wanna take a nap c:
Hi Miranda!
Thanks for the like and welcome to my page!
Come on!
Alarm clock sounding time to get up!
Don't forget to have breakfast!
Most important meal of the day.
mister Belding is one fat fuck.
Never Really Knew Exactly How Good John Belushi Was Until I Ordered His Best Of SNL!
Stupid work conference for the next three days.
No internet, boring speakers, and falling behind on work.
Woo.
:
That's the kind of thing that makes me go Mm m
your retweet from before
Be on your guard stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.
Do everything in love.
1cor 16:13
RT : Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine 
tonight has been super annoying....
to say the least.
oh well, seriously going to sleep now....
i hope.
The Squatch Hunters are hunting squatch in the Hudson Valley!!!
Good Night!
My eightyearold niece told me all about lexiles last week, and it made me extremely ill and pretty angry.
My feet are killing me .
And I don't Ben wear heels .
they got the biggest stewheads on BGC8...
NONE OF THEM ARE BGS
i would think like most companies advertise to their customer base.
the models look like their customers
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
: optimizing someone's metabolism and figuring out what they respond to.
I'd love to reduce the 2 hrs cardio!
That's tough!!
I wish I could help..
Next time
hahaha you don't have the guts ...
Loves that Waffle House and Denny's are both trending.
Good work party people!
We need new hold music for our telephones...
If I had a hammer.
Peter, Paul and Mary?
Taking suggestions.
excited, nervous, tired, stressed
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time.
Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
you do the same!!
: Muah!
Such a great quote!
So inspiring!
RT Begin what you want to do now.
I need a new hobby besides crocheting socks.
I'm at CYD general session.
You?
Happy 2012!
During winter break Langsdale Library hours are 8am to 6pm, Monday through Friday.
Today IS national weed day, right?
aren't they supposed to be like, shunning er whtev tht stuff?
Coding a simple web service in Perl.
still looking like a bill.
But they're not too bad though
Did you know that AppleCare is void if you smoke around your gadget?
Not that I have this problem  but FYI  another reason to quit.
Already full, but jealous, anyway!
Between The Dark Knight and The Avengers, I'm now convinced superheroes are always illegally using my phone to find bad guys.
I love the smell of peach ZigZags
doctorol!
He's awesome.
Thanks for the heads up.
239 is a bit pricey, though.
I'll check the local library first.
Why do I get so annoyed when my friends ask about One Direction?
It's kinda like a bittersweet thing.......
G 3
The worst call I've seen at the end of a game in a while.
It was a moving screen I just didn't think they would call it there
Somebody should so come keep me company during this late night practice session.
Haha, life is better that way!
How are you?
: Ugh, I hate that you are so positive all the time...
Well shit!!!
: First Egypt ruins my Angry Birds moment, not the President ruins my Super Bowl buzz.
That's why I love 
It's true.
Nothing sucks like a Dyson.
I love mine.
My pleasure!
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older
Man is the sht!
At the club with my mom.
I think I am successfully sweating out this cough/cold thing...yes I do know how attractive that sounds :
Special thanks to designer for being a guest speaker in my games class today!
We learned a lot from you.
:
lol ricky he was joking around we just found it 3
too kind..
fun to be part of it..
should be proud.
Our InstantEncore app will be updated soon with program notes, audio, and more in the coming weeks.
Stay tuned!
its been a while I've been on fb more than twitter Thts why
Good God.
You're some classy bird mister With lovex
Holy cow, y'all.
Samantha Crain on  tastingnotes.
No words.
Only happy feelings.
good thing I went home early today otherwise I would be annoyed you did not stop in!
like seriously i'm just sitting here staring at my computer uh,
this should open the dialogue to exam where do certain expressions come from, what do they mean  do they have a place in language?
Need custom tshirts for summer camp?
Hit us!
It's what we do.
FYI  an ellipsis indicates an omission of a word or an unfinished thought.
Use a period after words that form a complete sentence.
i love smoothies
is right.
The fire department puts them up
More like chase a bicycle.
seewhatididthere?
RT : BICYCLE, BICYCLE..
I want to ride my bicycle.
Wait, I'm a dog.
You know how to work that off right?
Be right over.
Appreciate the feedback, and we know people are excited for the Nexus.
We'll share confirmed info here when we have it.
lmfao don't say that shit
Finally Found Someone Who Has The Same Taste Of Music As Me  Who Thinks That Is Gorgeous WhiteGirlsBonding :
Gingrich says he cheated on his wife with a staffer because of how passionately he felt about America.
Why don't I love America that much?
Always seeing UT articles about something going on in my neighborhood in Pacific Beach.
Today it was trash bags of marijuana in dumpsters...
My clothes are dope!
Making 2 blouses and a doctorss as we speak!
Wild weird stuff!
Gotta love it!
I hope thats how this twitter thing works...
.hahaha
Most important thing u must do as a man is represent STRENGTH...
Be weak wit a strong woman and she'll devour yo azz!!
You know, sometimes my eyes just get tired of crying too much..and its all cause of that 'thing':'
OSU GO BUCKS!
extended  Feb.
24 is last day of early bird for ABATECHSHOW  TX lawyers use code EP1215 for addtl 200 off
Just asking: When are Cards dumping Ryan Franklin?!
ERA is 9.88  opponents hitting .393.
Not sure of contract situation but enough!
Thank you Candice!
OMQ LETS BE 7 AND BE COPY CATS.
imcuteright ?
Happy Thanksgiving!
Do you have any favorite traditions for the holiday?
FF These Tweeps made my week:
Bout to try and use this phone this international service bullshit
Arguing with the raw milk/hardcore organic crowd is much like beating your head against the wall.
Damn will someone win already...
SPURS  CLIPS supposed to be on..
I call spurs for this series
Just got back from Walmart  its crazy lots of ppl already  its not even black Friday yet!
New const.
amendment: you speak of secession as a public official, you are disqualified from office in the federal govt.
I'm an immigrant and I'm proud.
Please retweet if you agree.
Not sure yet.
I'm running for the undergrad seat on HQ's exec board so fingers crossed!
Would love your chapter's support!
It looks like attagirl is expanding into Sioux Falls!
More info to come!
um no
They won't b sleepn on u 4 2much longer.
BELIEVE DAT!
Let's catch up!
Ur around the way, n the Hills!
Errbody ain't able!
it!
im so miserable here....
i wanna go home and jus start over...
Again, love to robertlawrencesalon I finally have a hairdoctorsser in MKE who I love.
Gym to regain my sanity then back to work!
Don't like the 'cubezoo' when I start talking to my coworker only to discover no one is there!
Listening to
My little boy turns one today.
Happy birthday to Joshua and his Mama.
oh god you are so right!!!!
It's semiblasphemous for her to be a librarian :
Ha!
So funny you noticed.
:
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
sometimes I'm scared of you, but all I really want is to hold you tight, treat you right, be with you day and night!
yeah it's bomb.
And I didn't get it cuz I love red chile con carne enchilada style haha
RACE BAITING IN THE GAY MARRIAGE DEBATE, because our country wasn't insane enough already!
YAY!
so exciting!
:
Very small apartment complex!
Maybe ten apts in eyeshot of it.
Joe Walsh tweet misleading for those outside Ill.
Most'll think you mean rocker Joe Walsh, who ran for prez before
just got back from italy...who has been...Italien love vacation..they hate working,but thats the way it should be huh!work less, make money
yay at the salon time to dye all the grays away lol
I love getting zeitler in doctorft
Where did the 76ers come from!?
Yes  a new Robespierre!
I'm at the airport in MKE on my way to LGA for the Mets/Brewers game but the weather doesn't sound like it's cooperating.
we have the same klout score!
a whopping 17!
meanwhile, we're at happy hour.
You're making me feel so unproductive.
;
: Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you.
Lol I do that.
act WILD, and CRAZY!!!
And maybe go to puerto rico or florida!!
thanks man right back atcha
Yeah i said it publicly so run and tell your mother, mother fucker
How does Tuesday look for you?
I guess Corey Hart heard calling him out to step up!
I have some other names for U Craig to try next :
love you :
Good thing I brought an umbrella.
Should have considered my rainbootsbut I guess you can't win 'em all.
Ludacris will be at Rain on Saturday
Our poor grass looks like a rugby field.
Weekend is here.
Indoor soccer.
Bengals playoffs.
Putting up pictures and new china cabinet above fireplace.
My life rocks!
should be a good time
Trying to finish everything up before going on vacation AHH.
Peep this yall Tupac dedication to IronMike ,just watched the whole session at the studio recording this on the special about them!
was calledback for THE MOTHER FUER WITH THE HAT written by Stephen Adly Guirgis to be directed by Tazewell Thompson up at TheatreWorks!
Beginning in 2013, creators of works can reclaim copyright of their works created before 1978learned that recently, and it's awesome.
I'm a Do me to the FULLEST 
Fuck I'm tired I been out doctorving most of the day  been a bizzy day for me
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
I'll be listening to you at the Avon, NY doctorvein tonight :
Go see
At the airport, waiting for my sister  crew to arrive in the baggage claim.
In MY day, they let us wait at the gate.
Dance In The Dark
Got a behindthescenes tour of the new casino last night and all I kept thinking was holy shit, this place is gonna be insane
Looking forward to time with people that are clear on their intentions
OMG.
R.Kelly!
sweet!
Thanx for the follow
Uncontroverted should be trending soon.
Thanks Ed.
which is crazy cause you look so young!
good to hear!
How are you, P,  the boys these days?
I need to see The Lucky One
Nevermind Cena's busted face...
You know it's a badass brawl when Yoshi Tatsu comes down to break it up.
Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.
Mignon McLaughlin
The sci fi novels are right: every generation faces its own challenges, and the issue is how to reduce suffering and increase freedom.
RT : It is official!
Washington DC to host this year's national convention.
We couldn't be more excited!
Want to get ahead of an emerging market?
By 2012, it is projected 17 billion mobile devices will be accessing the internet.

have an idea for fundoctorising for during June.
Wld love to get you in touch w person running campaign.
DM me?
Grounded.
But snuck on Twitter for your teeth; Awwhhh yeah
Black Ops session tonight like a boss !!
Interesting pointsI'll keep a look out for your blog post
.
Whats on the menu today?
and I are counting the minutes to lunch!
Windows are an integral part of your home whether you are having a holiday barbeque or welcoming a spring breeze into you living room.
ML Stallard: Must have: respect, recognition, belonging, autonomy, personal growth,  meaning to excel at work.
Herring Brine is a good scent to wear on public transportation...
Another concert for the books!
Thanks so much to everyone who helped and to everyone who came out!
Here's to next year!
:
Read a great dissertation prospectus by tonightexcited to discuss it in Colloquium and hear more as it progresses!
GRIDLOCK ALERT Avoid the area of MLK1st St  OrangeCentral now til 6pm Saturday.
THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES!
PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
loves coming home to NYC...
5 men on the street said god morning.
watching the films Black Dynamite and Rage back to back is one of the stranger film experiences.
I love the contemplation of that!
:
RT : RT : Libraries must support usergenerated contentSusan Hildoctorth
We hope you like the magazine!
My favorite Milwaukee watering hole, will sell I Hart MKE shirts all season.
Spend that 3 shipping you'll save on booze.
Every housewife, old man, 20 something, and kid are starring at me.
I'm glad I'm that interesting to you all...
promo my twitter for me.
Have a great weekend from all of us at Kennedys!
saying AJ Smith really really sucks would be an understatement
Salty I can't sleep now
Just found out Erie is in Pennsylvania.
i knoow, its dumb.
Thats why i just need an ipad.
And yes, it was to you so i hope ur honored
Got sent home from school early for an appointment!
same I love to sing :D
Monday is like a math problem.
Add the irritation, subtract the sleep, multiply the problems, divide the happiness.
How's your Monday going?
Cool, if ya'll don't object, I'll plan on crashing the party.
If u dont have a tic, I'll just pick up 1
you are really hot and please follow me bak on twitter and come to chicago!!!!
you my number 1 idol i love you!!33
If you are still passing notes in class it's time to start growing up.
1st blocks play was the highlight of my day!
I suppose I should start packing for my trip tomorrow...
Wow!
Why does faith always cross our paths when i feel like its time to go
I wanna go to townsquare this weekend .
The text i'm about to send my main lady aka my mom 
happy happy !!
Welcome to Twitter!
Have fun.
Good luck!
I want to see u join the marines.
Finally getting around to seeing Watchmen!
RT : We're presenting vmProtect 7 at the RHEV 3 breakfast this morning in DC w/ and
LOVE this.
thank you from the bottom of my messy house and heart!
: name great places to doctornk in Chicago.
Clybourn brewpub.
Owned by Goose Island, but serves guest beers...
no Bud yet.
Follow Back
HIGHTSTOWN: First Aid Squad has reason to celebrate
My dissertation included asking GenY's coworkers 2 list GenY values.
Listing others might be difficult, but is it easier 2 list own values?
Ovens full, crockpots bubbling as about 40 Daisy Ducks prepare potluck lunch for football player after practice.
Roper hits Dwayne Eley, Jr.
with a touchdown pass on their next possession, Preds lead 137.
Bound  determined to wear those strappy sandals to work?
2 things: 1 get a pedicure.
2 wear your right size shoe.
..
A passenger shouldn't be charged a fare either when the bus is more than 15 min late than its scheduled time for arrival!
Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do Benjamin Spock, born on this day in 1903.
On my way to newhampshire..
Will be nice to be home for a while!
Definitely need to take a deep breathe and regroup.
haha me too, he used to but then I deleted but I'll get him too again ;
okay...once I get dinner started, I will b back on my laptop.
3
I really respect David Tepper and Appaloosa Management.
He followed and used the strategy I used with C, BAC, JPM and ZION in 3.2009
I've stuck my face in some places before
do NOT do what mommy or aunt meme did.
LMAO.
it's called a JOKE and a sense of humor.
Google it.
Im sorry : ill give you a big one tomorrow ?
:
Wow!
Love the participation!
450 so far!
when are u putting another project out lord knows i would love to work with you.
no!!
Tree is playing coy.
Beauty is a charm sexyness!
Long day coming !
If there was ever a day where you were to spend all of your disposable income on plastic, today is that day.
Happy Record Store Day!
Whew!
What a semester  time to get back to Fed Hill Parlor Series planning!
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
Pearberry Body Milk is Shea Butter body lotion infused with Organic Asian Pear  Succulent Blackberry.
Okay So I Admit It Im 100 Totally Gay!
RT : trust relationship communication RT : artists  community organizers: what are elements of good collaboration
I miss when I was little, and didnt care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
No major regrets and though I played fairly well today.
Ended with 27300 resuming in the morning at 11am.
Blinds 6 1200 w 100 ante.
Janet is the gold standard that all artists should be measured by...
Capital City Dance Team calendar signing is this Thursday from 78:30pm at BoneDaddy's!!
Hope to see everyone there!!
Susan Wyatt, presidentelect of the SPH student senate, leads the Public Health professorssionals Pledge, a SPHgrad tradition.
I think their jerseys have a bit less orange than ours, but a TON MORE BLUE...I'm just sayin
why is it showing me people followed me and when i click the name it says this user does not exist..
Camaro.
Hm.
Not so much.

agreed.
Great start to a stretch of tough road games coming up.
Pitching has to stay strong.
how sweet
I now know the way to San Jose.
BRING THEM BEATS TO THE STUDIO FRIDAY NIGHT
Off to mariahs birthday part my niece is in love wit u!!!
So am I lol!!!!
BIEBER FAN AND IM PROUD
I love Call Me Maybe especially the original video by Carly Rae Jepson and the cover by Justin, Selena, Alfredo, Ashley, and BTR
how have you been?
wait wait wait...
tacos AND Torah?
that has to be too good to be true.
at Hillel tonight at 56!
im not a rapper.
Barack Obama  Michele Obama just spotted eating  Union Street Public House in Alexandoctora, VA
TeamNoSleep RT : Looks like I'm up by myself tonight
you're so sweet!!
: thank you sweet girl!
A Wise Man Once Told Me Any Boy Can Look And See a Girl But It Takes A Real Man To Recognize And See The Woman That She Is.
I bow to his greatness.
RT : he's now giving his fictional NBA persona commentary: And Pea Knus scores!
Oh, well.
Que sera.
I've just lost hope recently for meeting him anymore.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men.
Joseph Conrad
I'm sexy and I know it.
No, you're slutty and you blow it.
ah gottcha well as long as the confusion is a good thing...we'll say YES, but if not then def not!
:
and I are slamming some yummy food at yokozuna in tulsa.
Oh I forgot...light skin and Asian chicks be some big freaks too.
Time to follow!
Follow:
RT beastie boys are hip hop legends.
I remember my brother's license to ill album was always on rotation when I was little.
I wanna go see that movie with Johnny Depp  I love Johnny Depp 3
Silly man.
Why can't you just thank directly?
after this first million...........
We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.
Albert Einstein
We're thrilled about our new followers!
tejano makes me want to shoot myself.
Morgan Tucker is keen to build links with schools in Newark  contact us for further info!
And that's how its done!
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
agreed haha doesn't mean I have to like him
oh cool!!!
: so how is itn like in England?
or did u watch the royal wedding ?
:P
I've already unsubscribed.
It's a constant struggle to keep up with my email, and I just don't have the bandwidth for this.
RT : surveys of research literature by techcomm practitioners doesn't seem to be a common thing
Indeed.
I'm guessing you turn your neighbors heads when you hang out on your back porch?
; RT : A lady of leisure
the people with connections lol well that's cool I'm sure we will still end up with good seats just sucks, are you going?
hope the coffee helped you out!!
LADIES: how long does it usually take you to get ready for a night out on the town?
SSID Campaign KickOff on Weds.
Feb 15 from 5:307:30 hosted by 1911 wharton street!!
Free food and doctornks for supporters!
lmao yeah buddy .
I'm ready to go now I just need a nap
I didn't know that Holden from CabinInTheWoods was on GreysAnatomy.
That is how long I haven't watched this show.
All certified awesome!
RT  
haha I know I'm doing good so far :
it looked a little promy to me.
No?
pulling my hair out...i hate mondays.
On Gelid Night by David Hart
Geertz unfortunately blows it at the end by insisting that it's a text but w/e
tell your momma Gator says hey!
I stand for performers rights in Music Videos.
Where do you stand?
thetimeisnow RT!
why do u have hate for 1D?
and their not gay and even if they were who gives a care and STOP picking on Zayn
Probably 50 of all foodhubs still relying on external support to maintain operations.
Thanks for putting up the US News Online Rankings for the UB/Towson MBA on your site.
I'm thinking sushi for dinner...
and are getting everything set up for today's MeatlessMonday!
is amazing!
I'm watching some cartoons; I love cartoons!
yep, shoved it in car glove area, guess that was enough to do it
Flu be damned I'm busting out
Lol my sisters never knew I moved out....
my dad told them I was outta town for spring break nshit.
80 degrees in milwaukee today.
Hoodies and tims fo life!
Try to check out Belle Pente Vineyards in Carlton, Anthony.
Beautiful Pinot Noir.
Okay, my twitter hiatus has come to an end.
the girl on fire
better hope she doesn't bother me in class today..
Cus it's gunna come back and bite her!
whats been up bro
: Dark skin niggas play DdoctorDance Dance Revolution umm okay.
Haven't played in years though.
Hahahaha
this is GREAT, thanks so much for sharing!
Hope you all are having a blast at the sample sale!!
Major moves happenin we have some shows lined up in sacramento and las vegas and HollyWood Burn doctorppin soon DJ Joker The New Era out now!
grandslam by a nobody who cares!
I'll take it :
The thought for the day: Because you are natural doesn't always mean you have healthy hair.
Why do i like guys idk?
my bad, wrong person lol sorry
I wish they would've played the songs I requested though.
.
Challenge y'all to invite some thirst virgins ; RT : WHOOT!
just grabbed our tickets!
Best sentence of day!
Hostess has enough cash on hand to keep stores stocked with Ho Hos, Ding Dongs and other snacks for now.
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30!
This will be the last RtoD before Cutter and Bella go on their summer vacation, so be sure to stop by!
thanks for the follow!
Do you see the GallupBBG partnership contributing to the futureofpd evaluation?
going to bed!
goodnight ;
You ain't got shit on me 
Hey!
Happy 21st to ...hope tomorrow you don't remember too much of it!
Lots of interest today in our small business prospect/lead management software!
Want to give it a try?
DM us for info on a free trial.
We do try to be creative, but elephant has never made it onto our menus...
We like eating WITH family.
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be Metro Center today!
Get ready!!!
I was supposed to be coming up to copper harbor this weekend..
too bad.
we could have been doctornkin Labatts like mofo's
Somebody should play in the snow with me:
Who uses Amazon to buy music?
I know iTunes is more popular but I'm curious to know how many Amazon users there are!
With that, the most runs Smyly has given up in his career
is looking at college applications from other schoolsthe competition so to speak
yeah it's bad on my apartment's lawn and we don't even allow dogs.
Rule 1: Do only that which is right.
Rule 2: If it feels right, do it.
: I wish I had a nice pair of tits to play with when I get bored
Gamel's knee may end up being more impactful than any 2011 Brewers injury, Weeks included.
Set panic level to fuscia.
It's still on there!
Go checkout www.MaybachEntertainment.com haha
As sad as it seems, it doesn't really matter to me
Sure...
I think it fits nicely after reading the Twilight Saga.
I wouldn't actively shop him.
RT : so you are saying move krejci in offseason?
How long have you been working in PR/Adv and with Tedx?
heads up in case you want to follow:  user group twitter
No matter if its in a bottle, or on tap.
its
It's a beautiful Wednesday here in San Diego  Are you ready to make a move here?
I'm your guide to SD Real Estate!
Hey Luke I love your movies and ur music and i would love it if you could follow me please??:
No baseball player since 1901 has gone 08 and been the winning pitcher in a game.
Viva la ChrisDavis!
yes now i am!
Yesterday was the great KitKat massacre.
I am wiping out the last survivor as I type.
JJ Watt TOTALLY told me, to tell you, to tell Heller to letphilplay Honest.
so angry .
not in the mood for school tomorrow .
still can't get Vanessa to get a Twitter.
Fuck.
This is a problem o.o
: That awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh ..
if jeremylin didn't play in NYC, nobody would know who he is  FACT.
sounds like fun, I like that band but I already told my folks I was going to go see them today.
Had a breakthru in my singing lesson today.
Thanks to Billy Joel and Jerry Herman and phil hall!
I'm officially a mix belter!
Goodmorning to you sis..I'm great how are you?
:D
It's literally enraging.
I can't watch five minutes without screaming at the tv.
It's unbelievable that it's taken as reality.
lol I'll be back soon!!!
Bored...bout to start dis music flow..
Liking your own status on FB is like a self highfive.
I can assume you like what you say without you literally liking what you say.
Perfectly fine now fuck yes
Very successful day 3
You too nephew!
Yes!!!
The celtics move on to the next round!
nbaplayoffs Those last minutes of the game were ridiculous.
Bo is spreading antivax propaganda while spreading viruses around the country
watt is dms
Startisan house party tonight!
10pm.
YOU are invited!!
Download Happy Hours for iPhone, Andoctorid  Blackberry  use it when ur out and about looking for cheap food/doctornks!
www.gotime.com/mobile
Had a great commercial shoot  just got home from gym...
I'm down 4 the nite...
nowhere til five.
Went to the other side, which exhibit hall are you nearest?
Still 1?
Thank you.
LET'S NOT FORGET to VOTE on APRIL 23rd
Only 1 week left to register online for sdp2p!
www.pathsreg.org
i wish i could text,/:
or I can totally give you the easy version.
;D ...but it still takes like 50 minutes.
Off to to hear and Joyce Maynard in conversation.
Sure to be lively!
Sweet!
Found you on page 7 though.
You guys i miss him like i miss summer lmao I do thoe i just wanna run up to him and hug him.
Why do graffiti artists rarely take over billboards?
This seems like the ideal forum.
Subvert marketing.
A big public canvas.
With lights.
I suppose I did choose childlessness, in that I chose not to engage in unprotected intercourse with men who wouldn't marry me.
Stupid.
The Innovativee metro UI for MSPC12 is beautiful!
More companies should build sites like this for conferences!
My car slid and decided to diced to give the wall a love tap while going up the on ramp for the west end bridge.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place.
Zen
Sports Illustrated doing a story on Aztecs  Coach Fisher.
Look for it soon.
My title guess: Who Are These Guys?
Yours?
SDSU FIGHT!
Justin Bieber's lips 
Is Tebow a sustainable endorser?
Are companies signing him now looking for short term returns or do they think he has long range power?
and I have been guilty of it.
You get caught up.
Your cast is gonna nail it.
Can't wait!!
Xoxo
MyPastRelationships we're shit!
Cause my Boyf was always judging me!
talking about the importance of great educators right now.
I would be a loyal customer
Art must take reality by surprise.
Incidentally, also what I call my dog when he won't stop barking.
Colorful Knesset Member Einat Wilf will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen In!
Sheryl Crow tells stagecoach crowd she's making a country album with the help of tonight's headliner Brad Paisley.
Today's Get Energized tip: Keep your freezer temperature set at 0F.
Big thank you to for catching an .htaccess issue with a site I just transferred over.
Appreciate it, man!
that's cool.
Thanks again!
RT : rockies game tonight.
5th row back from first base.
could never afford these tickets at a redsox game.
No not yet on tv!
I Wanna Go To A Grove St.
Party!!.
Has been in bed, reading, all day.
Terribly unproductive.
please don't ever again let me read the words, prescheduled twitter eblasts in a professorssional context
NeverShouldYouEver call a girl fat.....
awesome!
hope to do it again...
Onward Search PPC Jobs Salary Guide Spotlights Top US Markets for Job Seekers  MarketWatch
thegirlmakesbanners shop is DOWN for over 16 hours now.
Have contacted you twice about this with no word.
Please help!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
ya dude
That doesn't make sense.
Just scored 98 tickets to the tulane baseball game when we are in NOLA.
I know DAMN WELL you wouldn't have :P don't play girl
Next time you are on DaBus, look for the placards with the QR codes.
I think there is a separate app for andoctorid.
Memberprofessorlein140: acupuncturist  herbalist Mitch solves health issues from heartburn to back pain, migraines  allergies.
New in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of War, 2012 from
Finally got a Pinterest account!!!
Be prepared for lots of links...any suggestions for a new pinner?
yeah right..
They're never on schedule.
Trip should be free if the bus is 15 min or more late..
ok wat happened wit deion sanders???
After the Backus Open House on Sept.11th...Join Team Thomas  Taft for our Annual Family Day!
HBO 247 ...
so good.
The best.
Excellent  all the way around.
Hits the mark on every level.
usually im just having convos with myself saying random things lol.
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Shopping Event!
It was a BLAST!
Have a great Holiday!
Stay tuned for Grey Line Map events coming soon!
I LOVE NASHVILLE!
Wish I could live there.
I'm going to meet someone there and then coming to carpool.
UGH.
ifiruledtheworld no school.
whatsoever.
no more war.
food  shelter provided for all homeless people.
yep.
How can people go thru life with no people skills!
professorle photo changed.
i no longer wear suits.
When are you going to notice me ?
3
you're so right.
If I have to remind myself to buy vodka I probably need more bubble in my life!
Happy easter twitter friends!
3
meet me in the city den cuh!
lol
ok.
If not, its in the 2200 block of Cascade Rd.
A wife sends her programmer husband to the store, get bread and if they have eggs get 10.
He came home with 10 loaves of bread.
Very alarming fact about the  of BLACK MEN locked up exceeds the  of slaves.
Ok usher has made it a bit better
will you be selling and autographing it at Fresh?
David Gruber at Benelux.
Keeping an eye on Twenty years of personal beef has been building.
Soo, I'm actually pretty good at shooting guns.
Watch out, zombies.
Oh word?
Lesean mccoy is similar to barry sanders?
But but but we have assets  options!
Flexibility!
Honestly I don't eem know what that means anymore.
What is your favorite part of doing Pilates?
Is it the actual moves?
Does it relax you?
We were all wondering what it looks like, and now, here it is!
More  Post from: TheGloss
Done.
Next vacation is to NY with you!
Boom.
Good Morning!!!!!
So happy you will be with us another season.
CC you on OPENING DAY!
i wanna know lol
Just seen the hottest guy ever and I look disgusting :
who are we to be emotional?
who are we to play with hearts and throw it all away?
Check out www.buywithme.com for some great mattress savings!
Or visit Mattrezzz Guys on burnet road for details!
Never got used to the vertical swipe.
I feel it works much better on iPad.
Today is our official Beta Launch.
Welcome New Members.
We have some great live footage from out set in Pittsburgh last night.
Putting together a little video for you guys!
Who wants to see this?
Swimmingly.
Sent out for new FW port.
IDEcompact flash chip ordered.
32GB CF card, FW400800 cable have arrived
hm..im thinking...Next to you??
Did I really just tell Jerry O'Connell that I wanted to make out with is wife!?!?
Yep...
Well said.
: S4PM TY  all doctor who give their all for patient care  how hard you work for us
Watching supernatural, doing hw, and exfoliating : i love unadulterated moments
Be classy, not trashy.
Starting shit at the mall, HAHA.
Love that my job allows me to meet interesting new people.
Alright I was always going to donate, but playing the extended version of Jungleland this a.m.
sealed the deal.
; can i have u?
Lol thanks sexy
Clippers bench got the win for them today!
I love the visual note taking at sxsw keynotes  thanks,
Time is expensive.
As a matter of fact, 80 percent of our day is spent on those things or those people that only bring us two percent of our
Have you looked at the 127 things that were considered?
That prayer doesn't make the top 127 is very disturbing to me!
Listen 2 Avant My First Love.
There was supposed to be a Selena concert yesterday in Charlotte...
What
Never buy a 7 replacement power cord for you laptop on eBay.
Also, never own an Acer laptop.
doctorving is not helping my cause at all!!!
What do you do on these middle of no where trips?
13 for 1 Scary Ghostly Tour Ticket with Toronto Tour Guys
I understand winning is now to our detriment but I'd like something to be able to stomach and watch
Well said my friend, well said.
Bartolo Colon is a big boy too.
: Im so glad I got sorted into Hufflepuff!
Said Nobody Ever.
except
Vikings fans must be miserable, maybe they should watch the human centipede to cheer themselves up!
Had a dispute at home last night.
Husband brings flowers today.
Husband leaves for fishing trip tomorrow despite graduation deadlines.
312
can i help?
I've never seen that movie so im still bias...lol but BELLY'S soundtrack would probably beast that one!
It is estimated that a consumer sees 3k5k brand messages a day
Cleaning in the morning.
I hate finding open beers that are almost full.
What.
A.
Waste.
ThingsMyMotherSays how about you make me the sandwich?
it was good to meet you!
Had a blast!
Save travels home!
Started a new twitter account.
I we'll give it another shot.
Canes wit da brother
I would do nothing.
I would relax, I would sit on my ass all day, I would do nothing.
Today would have been a great day for you to be your crazy bitch self 
haha I can't promise that lol
It's everywhere.
I'm noticing many bogus followers with blank Twitter accounts and meaningless boards.
Enter me into the ATL bracelet comp.
Thanks!
:
Thinking of getting it for my 89 year old friend.
She loves listening to Books  watching YouTube videos.
good choice?
Wish I had never been introduced to the luxury of Egyptian cotton.
Now I'm out 100 on a new duvet cover.
Damn you Marriott Renaissance Inn!
I need energy!
; road to Oklahoma in the morning.
:
good morning friends
Interview for a CNA job today after I get off work
They still think it's the US Flag
When are you leaving for Nashville?
Jesus Shuttlesworth is Trending.
Bad acting should be too
have you seen the david blaine one where he discusses his strategies involved in holding his breath for 17 minutes?
thanks for sharing the content checklist!
ag
Thank God for hot cinnamon spiced tea tonight.
your dick needs to thicken up
100 day challenge!
maybe if you listened to NPR you'd know how to pronounce behemoth
I do jokes about palm trees and coconuts.
I'm a tropical comedian.
And when will u factor in Bron's overall playoff production?
I agree Kobe/Wade/Pierce 1st, but not even a mention for bron?
he's never going to win WV anyway.
umm, Yes!
is amaze love her blog.
Also kinda obsessed with several others too
It time to get ready for something better
how was the show?
Love the amphitheatre.
Reconnecting w all my rhetoric nerds at NCA11 and loving it!
You got the point!
I hate Mondays too.
Please, can't we just have Fridays and Saturdays?
It'd be awesome.
I really think Wright goes in the first round, I just don't have a spot for him if Cleveland passes at 22...very deep WR class
Just woke up its so boring when your on twitter and dont hav friends so please follow me and ill follow u back
So effing tired
Game 2 tonight, Blues need to even the series back up
will you please follow me!!
Happy National Coffee Day!
Congrats women Aztecs on the big mountain west championship win.
Up next.
The men!
I believe that we will win...
AUTHOR'S NOTE: If you have a stevekingism let me know.
All insane rantings will be posted.
DM or  reply
i just followed u
Can someone explain why the 4 playin games all don't lead into 16 seed spots?
WhenIWasLittle, it was the 80's.
These look more realistic, though admittedly I didn't log in: gk2gk.com sweetongeeks.com nerdpassions.com
good lookin bro.
Hope all is well on ur end
glad you enjoyed it!
If you get the chance, you should go to Central Park today its always really pretty during the 1st snowfall
is really really REALLY freaking hot!!!!!!
Like omg he is stunning Love him so much 3
nowplaying kaiser chiefs
I'm breaking up with Heather Graham because I need my space.
shut up
Hold tight Hoosier Nation it's still anyone's game!
LMFAO, DNT KNOW WHY, iTUNES IS SO COMPLICATED.....SMDH!!!!
Girl Scout Cook orders were distributed to the office today.
Yum!
Back at the gym full force this morning.
I feel a lot better.
Philadelphia apartment for rent at 27th and South.
2 bed, 2 bath, garage space, laundoctor, and monthly maid service included.
2100 OBO
Dont take people for granted no matter how much they love u, people get tired eventually
we can offer brownies courtesy of
where you getting wings at fools...lol
call me.....do u want my telephone number ??
ahhahaahahahahahahahahahahhahaha : i love u :
thanks for following me  I'm living aln2011 vicariously through your tweets : I wish I could be there!
I love Monday morning at work.
Getting the little things done to start the week and listening to !
At the ball game.
love that my wife called it a full house rather than a full count.
just don't mind the 1st part were they are talking and stuff!
i love this song!
thanks!
will look at both soon.
on my way to skl :
Proud to be following , Twitter account of the National Writers Union.
I belong,  value the NWU's efforts for writers.
Thanks for serving at the Easter Banquet !
You helped us serve 630 men, women and childoctorn!
YO COMING UP SEPT.
13TH 21 THE SHAKEDOWN SUNDAY.
FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS
RT We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle Excellent advice for new lawyers
joey barton is gully
I sent a tweet to the wrong handle before...
tried including twitter length disclaimer.
not saying screw the jaceowning minority, but there's certainly an argument there
Dirty Mike and The Boys.
DEAD.
3
Me!
RT : RT : I think astronauts should teach geography classes, who's with me?
CC
Attendees are coming in, 's Flour Bakery has delivered breakfast, and we are ready to rock and roll at the cleanweb hackathon.
Well hey there misterSaturday!
Didn't notice you there!
Can certainly Have to have Zinksalbe Gegen Pickel Gain Truly ...
Vegas Vacation Seeing as much as we can while hear heading home Friday morning.
sure i messaged it to you on fb.
Putin Sworn In Amid Crackdown  Wall Street Journal
Nice meeting you tonight!
Welcome to KC, neighbor.
These days people worry about whos the badass instead of their future
TheThingsIMiss playing high school football
HE DID, dumbass, hence the student loans!
Getting a suite with my babez and mom and mother in law I really don't care what I freakig wear
Spurs in 5.
My mother is a professorssional rhino herder..
Lol
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.
Today has been awesome, but I really need some dinner and a nap
listening to live stream of
omg !
is that freak !
, nabeyy !
When you feel your body go numb and you just rather not think about anything
Finishing a book is always a little sad.
It's odd all of a sudden not to have anymore time w/ the vivid world you just spent so much time in
Roasting about 100 lbs.
of pumpkin in the oven  we'll be able to make pumpkin muffins and pie all year.
:
After Paul Pierce 3pt, then inout on another 3, then OFF REB by KGarnett w/nifty pass to Bass dunk Celtics 4627.
Pierce with 15pts
WordPress or Joomla!
Developers, which do you prefer to work with?
What must that dinner convo be like?
RT: Kate Hudson is sitting next to Colin Powell and Mitch McConnell at
You look really beautiful today bb ;
SlutWalk Milwaukee is now on Tumblr!
Follow us and join in on the discussion: slutwalkmke.tumblr.com
With mother's day and a trip to Madison this weekend, I didn't get much time to read.
But it was a great weekend, nonetheless.
BOOK COVER CONTEST!
BOOK COVER CONTEST!
I will be making an announcement soon!
Alright Mary Ann...
Time to fuck your life up with the paper I'm about to write
and I will be there.
Looking forward to it!
Nothin to do but knock this work week out, really.
Let's go
Watching ancient aliens 3rd season episode 4 aliens and temples of gold.
Awesome series, really makes u think about things.
If you could message people on instagram tho..
OH: this is the weirdest party I've ever been to.
Me: I told you...
Corp lawyers gone wild.
Wild?
First casino experience: spent 10, won 13 on the slots, got arrogant, proceeded to lose 13.
What day is it?
o.O 69 followers?
yes please
Hey, tried to email you at kw2ideas and got bounced back.
You still there?
Last night's game was great.
So glad to be back in boston and my home state...and win!
Thanks BiGi for the 2 goals!
And C.P.
for the shutout
this made me happy RT : My favorite part of Wheel of Fortune is when I discover the contestants faults and destroy them one by one.
Yes ma'am you do!
Let me know what your schedule is like!
How awesome was last night?
Daily Mail gives me chills.
Andoctorw Bird  Noel Gallagher also notable performers at
yayayayay : we're gonna make a rap, cause you know we're the mini doctorke's 
someone has seriously spiked the blogger juice ;
If you tell the truth, i tbecomes a part of your past.
If you tell a lie, it becomes a part of your future.
Freezing cold.
happy easter everyone !!!
3
Yo chill out talkin to my boy like that.
yes the print shop is just few minutes from your place
ahaha!
Yup, bought it all!
Ward!!
Word!
Overdue but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
Good morning new followers!
i feel sick 
Hope to see a great turnout  Playdate w/ the Bearcats from on Sunday 2/12 25pm to support
Love getting snapped at for something that isn't my fault
is it terrible that i never really got into madmen?
love the 60s aesthetic, though!
The worst thing about bad sun burns is that at random moments you just start getting the chills constantly :p
Going to sleep wit plenty of thought on the brain but these thoughts are worth keeping in mind
Follow me on gif boom marcyx3 : I follow back!!
What restaurant does the amazing Benker work at?
Cause although I'm nowhere near you I wanna know so...
lol i hate it when that happens
I wish people were like money...
so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake.
I love Julian and I'm not saying he's not good enough or special enough to dance with the boyz because he is, it just isn't right.
Have fun in Europe!
Prayin for ya!
:
J stopped doctoraming a long time ago.
What I do is real.
Always, Always, be confident in what GOD created you to be.
Hey boy,i think i wanna marry you 
Great cartoon of Law Library with computer lab on one side, books w/ in case of emergency break glass label on the other.
3,000 plus fans and GROWING!
Thank you everyone for all of your love and support!!!
ALWAYS BELIEVE!!!!!
well I'm glad you had as much fun as we did.
It was good seeing you again.
RT : Happy Opening Day !!
Just called a female agent Rachel.
Her name isn't Rachel.
Meeting at houseofblues for
People from school think I care if they unfollow me.
HAHAH.
Top10doctorpa No 7: Five beers a night begins to sound reasonable
you gonna pick me up in FLL on the 7th at 6:30 am???
Please
Nothing makes the return to raw composition sweeter than spending weeks having done nothing but line
: My mug is going to have vampire fangs!
you know out of curiosity i tuned in to the mariner broadcast and its way better than yes
Thanks for the RTs!
scratch that fog rolling in right now!
Early...usually waits until 4
Millions of people are out of work because Republicans want one man's job.
Running on 9 battery  idk where the charger is.
Nothing that they've never played before, Identikit!
I could use a 24/7 Five Guys...

And other presidential statues!
In Music Meeting Tokyo Police Club Wait Up a bit more early 90s janglealternapop than I was expecting
road trip 
Hilarious Rt : I want my last words to be Hold my beer and watch this shit.
Both of those sound like they can shape your day!
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may soon announce he is stepping down.
Don Kazel here, hope your feeling better.
Take care big guy.
Anytime buddy ..
I think i say golf wang too much.
Oh well !

pre tailgate party 4 Texans.
Let me know u here
step step step bang
I'm just trying to be yours .
Thanks for the RT !!
hold the fort me friend, I might be home soon!
;o  but I'm only 1 person, will have to recruit  cont
and I can't seem to keep up with it and it's making me CRAZY!
Oh shit, I will take both.
When would I need to pickup?
at least you have snacks!
CAN'T BE BOTHERED
If you could visit any library in the world, which one would you visit?
AH!
LOVES.
lol!!
It's not hard!
Aw Jess it will be alright!!
oh, totally forgot about that!
Maybe it's for the best.
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 18
play some danko jones!!
dan you have to learn to deal with the pain and who it hurts!
The mafia family has higher ethics and values then that team.
Never trust a former crack addict.
Happy New Year Jeanette.
Here's a quick read: www.trisefbook.com
yea but you can't sign the book if i get it from amazon ; Haha ill get it from there though thanks buddy
Can't wait to play with you tomorrow!!
I can def chime in  Do you guys need help with your Social Media as well?
At the nail shop trying to relax....
We taking orders by the pound RT I need to cop a Black Water tshirt.
Cash is ready.Make that happen sir.
Thanks
stay WARM!
I hope your feet don't get as cold as they did at the last game.
Legislative Oversight Operating Budget hearing for is underway.
if u ask me 4 my body gone put uin chek cuz we jus met can't do that yetsho u rite!
i remember hearing that as a youngin
Oy how do people do this?!?!
Save the Date: April 21...
Edge Model Opening Party.
We are very excited as the riverfront condo building starts to really develop!
What was the first brand new car you ever bought?
Enjoy Her Beauty In HD The most desperate housewife now on your desktop!
I WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING JUST TO SEE UR FACE AGAIN
Could this day go any slower?!?
Good Morning
smells like a man...
I sprated her with my body spray.
Sometimes you just have to make a move
Hi!
:D I wanna talk to you!!
I miss yew.
x3 But I only have 10 mins before school starts.
Would you like anything to read?
Miss Prothero.
Chistmas Eve 2011.
Peace on Earth.
I just want JoeJoes.
You guys are crazy.
Firefighters and LANL officials told me around noon that the fire was burning/had burned 'between 45,000 and 67,000 acres.'
This every day is leg day regimen is really effing up my running aka I'm not burning nearly enough calories.
Just heard on What a fool Stay away from this man.
teaparty foolishness!
TocoBell her i come:
Yay friday!
The office bar is open!
same!!!!
I want to lose my lip virginity to Gaga
Sleeping on the couch tonight..
Mos comfortable
Still won't work.
Haha!
Yep, trying to figure out when to see my Seattle crew!
Yeah, likewise.
I love how Pens fans have so much respect for the Devils even though theyre rivals.
Classy organization!
Congratulations on your nephew.
How is WBEZ?
That's why we picked up ramirez, mlb good game at miller park
Ron has done a masterful job on Durant tonight.
Just watch how he takes him out of position before he even catches the ball.
sounds good!
I think I should be ok to join  am happy to help if you need it!
I'm no expert but a fast typer  multitasker  lol
Social Cammin' it all weekend so follow me to watch me act like a moron
I guess I'll just watch OTH.
TEAMBREEZY 3 Please RT if you do i will probably freak the hell out!!
lmaoooo!
Come On Chris Just RT for your New York fans :
TGIF Put on your BEER doctornking hats!
The weekend begins...NOW!
will we have a WSJ quiz tomorrow?
Don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing.
Couldn'tBeMoreTrue
my cat is real cute all cuddled up to me and stuff.
Damn I really havnt been on twitter in like a month!
S/O to my AZ FAM I miss ya'll!
No matter what you think, Obama is inspiring and one hell of an orator
wow!
God Bless you for saying that way to go dad.
hope you do have a shot gun by the door she will be hotter
hahaha that is awesome.
I think that's a sign, time to retire
Why do I always end up being alone in dark rooms watching serial killer documentaries
Happy mothers day!
And happy birthday Crystal!
And Happy bithday to my great grandmother!
God gave u today so theirs a way by be bless childoctorn of god another oprtunity given go get them ...
Slide to the right
Please hold off on talking about Google until I get an invite.
Thank you.
Let me see what we can do.
Be back to you in a min.
who was the predictor and what was his website?
listening in the car, forgot it by the time i got home!
Check out www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com for all the latest local Baltimore inaugural news!!!
I can' tell you I was in bed with a bad stomach virus  still feeling it but will let you know
Alright Twitter World Peace!!!!!!!
looking forward to it!
Watching the shuttle in Rosslyn!
Speaking of Harvesting, did you ever play Dune?
I harvested so much spice.
So many spice harvesters lost to sand worms...
grassy ass
Just tweeting me back makes us even !!!
fun stat of the day.
User downloaded Yurbi at 12:49 today and had it installed and activated at 1.
Danika Patrick apparently is in NASCAR this year.
Media hasn't paid much attention.
Pro tip: don't get melting menthol crystal in your eyes.
This guy has jokes RT : trade me halladay.
u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
I'm not a kid anymore so I can't be kidnapped I can only be napped, which doesn't sound bad because I love naps!!!!!
Alot better luv thanks for asking..
When I heal I'm coming to get you to go to my new spot
Ass phatter than a Swamp Possum with the mumps!
aww thank you!
: Your not so bad yourself!
Hahaa
well its 200 for the be iconic experience plus hotel, food, gas, and maybe plane tickets..
thnks 4 rt.
nanubhai.orgteachers 4 India's kids.
Event tom in NYC.
wanna come w me?
traveling hence late inviteLots of celebs
Midnight cruise with minivan's phasers set to Baby Stun.
Kirk Cousins  doctorw Brees.
Don't be surprised if Cousins has a better career than RGIII.
Music Journos: are u less likely to cover music sent digitally?
Looking for the actual track record, not the 'in theory' thinking.
Thx!
Nice meeting you.
Participate in the HERVotes blog carnival for the anniversary of the Affordable Care Act!
Interested to see people's opinions on the video.
At TheRootCafe with ParkerPennington  big things on the horizon!!
People shouldnt joke about bullying.
Its a serious issue.
People every day suffer from it.
Lol ..
Boosie got me saying ..
stand down my boy !!!.
i can't stand females that have a problem with you cuz you look better than them...lol
Wish it, doctoram it, do it.
so ready :
that is a good way to put that i was thinking of how to eplain that SHOUT OUT
Hello to everyone.
Had a great week performing with down at The Barn in Sanford..
Awesome place to play!
ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup go see another guy the very next day!
Smh
today a buyer said he recently spoke with my ARTDEALERslashASSISTANT said naw..dats jst my
uh uhh I said it must be, cause a nigga got dough!
Eating some Takis and watching 1000 Ways To Die....Hell Yeah!!!!
Awe I hope Bentley feels better.
Delilah's been sick too.
It is not fun!
ha!
that is good.
I wonder where you're getting these from :P
Good idea!
I don't know if I missed you or not but I just want to say that your album is amazing and I can completely relate to every song
Perhaps Tomorrow will screen on Wednesday, 5/16  come on out  join us...
HDFEST Events HD film festival  Portland Event
: can Christina be anymore rude to ?
Textn while he was talkin to all 4 coaches!
Had a great meeting with Louise from Best Of this morning at Rushtons
I believe you have to doctornk a bunch of winter beers, could be 10 different kinds
MimiGooner people subbed off for match fitness don't usually go straight down the tunnel when subbed

Christian's relationship  So Cute  baby Chase !
Aw ; QuieroMiBaby 3
I'm in desperate need of better powerflow music.
Any suggestions?
: Oh, I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
this is for you
Yes, they sure did.
I'm sorry I neglected to mention that it was out now
what u think about that afc championship game?
yea isn't it a bunch of Mexican beaner DJs?
Idk maybe dude cause I got a new job with Oscar and Oj :
So I got up at 645 am to register for next semester and I have now been laying in bed playing with my new iPad.
I'm in love!
I don't think I have any Rapture worthy hats to wear for the occasion.
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer11
nice shirt :P

Could you DM me an email addoctorss?
Would love to send you info on upcoming NJ family friendly events.
Rose!!!
No!!!!
Bulls gonna have to do things without him :/
Katy Perry is HOT!!!!
I am loving it!!!!
Wish it was real.
Oh my god, got robbed!!
They asked him Who WILL be the final 2 not who SHOULD be!
is the true winner  kept it 100!
I know  I want to go back to NYC too.
M  another vacation elsewhere with you would suffice too ;
So...then...Kim wins survivor...better than Alicia winning.
Alicia's low IQ ass needs an attitude adjustment.
with A hater a day is good!
Ran this morning, on purpose.
Probably should have cut back on those Chipotle Burrito's a long time ago.
such a wonderful weekend in the sun  wish I could play in the sun again today!
Great post, excellent resources got the book That's Rude Dude for my Aspie 14 year old who called me a biatch today!
you played my favorite character on DHW, and did it amazingly well 
I should probs write in my blog today
what do u mean by falling out
I'm afraid they weren't very encouraging.
Best they could do was tell me someone would call me back by 6.
So I lose today.
Awesome right!?
Thanks for stopping by!
RT Checking out and trimmings, loving this concept!
And in case it needs to be said  this ain't personal.
My problem isn't with you, Shannon, just the sentiment you're espousing.
Thanks for creating the Black talon event..
Awesome..
the warZone also..
Very smooth, I'm looking forward to the game very much!
Leaving 30 minutes late for pledge retreat.
Never seen the USA this packed
you're welcome!
FOLLOWME  I FOLLOW YOU  Retweet 2 Get More Followers 
Thank you!
Nope, you made it in time!
You just might be funnier than Ginger!
Please tell your owner to hurry back to Hulu!
haha
Thanks for following!
XOXO
Sad that Svuem is leaving 2 the Cubs but happy for him personally.
He should of gotten the Brewers gig full time after Yost
modernfamily!
I'm so glad we get a full hour today!
:
no doubt
Is Twitter a bad place to propose?
Holy fuck ..
Stahl from the point!
my office hours are 9 ta 5 but you can be my 6 to 10
Once again the Falcons look completely lost going into the half.
The Giants are gonna come out focused.
Watch.
Take all your big plans and break em this is bound to be awhile.
All yall tlkin dwn on BP but if it wasnt for them yall parents wouldnt have faked an injury to get that settlement check!
Part of me wants to go out.
But thats the crazy part.
Greg always tweets things that I say; they're of context and out of control...
Tweet me a color and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song you get 3
WHAT???
You haven't seen the new promo yet?
Come on kids.....catch up :
wait for it ...
125/person.
I miss u!
You should ask ur parents if u can come stay at ur tia's house for 4th of july weekend!
Ever wonder how 7 Figure gifts happen?
They happen because fundoctorisers who solicit these donors have adopted the right mindset  paradigm.
Had that name as an experiment we were testing something out
just saw you on JaneByDesign :
you have the best hair please please tell me where to get it from
Awesome!!
Fireworks and sirens!!
In general doctorgs are kind of amazing.
And that's kind of an understatement.
I hear ya.
But I think the faster a trend starts on the internet, it will the longer it will take to die out.
IMO.
ima tell you one time
I'm loving this vibe tho
TY for the RT.
Have a great day!
Beauty catches the attention but character catches the heart..
Wish I could've saw
About 2 start tweeting 4 the next hour random shit...
: I never get Goodmorning texts..
only if I had your number!
:

loneliness / felt by the one / hearing the cuckoo haiku Chiyoni
What to do for lunch hmm
We're joining for our weekly dose of CHIchat in 15 minutes.
We're talking about Comedy in Chicago.
Join us!
great dmv experience on friday, awful one today.
making me wait just to hand over old license plates.
where u live?
thanks!
Would be much appreciated if you would give use a retweet and/ or a facebook share
Ran out of gas in the f'ing desert.
I kid you not.
Waiting for roadside assistance...
It's finally Friday!!
Rt if your happy as I am:
OMG THE ICECREAM TRUCK!!!
Hialeah 3
if you shot the gun your dog would probably be freaking.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Roth, the greatest mom in the world!
Pretty good today.
Just need some more sleep.
;oP
Hope to see you today 
FRIDAY  Over 20 defendants who have either been found guilty by jury or pled guilty will be sentenced today.
Today I happily stuck a toe back into running  Fyi: doctor Lewis at I did not fall...
aha xD yeah I sort of borrowed my sisters gift box..
Waited 40 minutes for the cicero bus.
45 minutes for the archer bus that I missed..
For waiting inside bk..
Margaritas with the tennis girls
no problem 
Taking a walk down Honeymoon Avenue.
PRETTY BOY SWAG!!!
pull out that mirror
Full moon!
You could head up the new Beer Department.
God damn lakers
Dam Twitter got real today angrybirds talkin shit about some stupid Shit
so....
Is it really really scary?!?
No Carolina...
Sad face...
Jon Hamm.
Stop it.
I love you.
Stop.
Can't wait some of the vendors brought their work in today AMAZING!
Hope everyone can stop by for Food, Wine, and Shopping!
Walking down the streets of Hampden, and a smell of burgers wafts down.You follow it, and you see the Baltimore Burger Bar!
Following back:
I give a damn about equality because it's 2011 and it's America and we're better than this.
yeah actually I am.
mylifesgreat 
just wanna cuddle and watch across the universe toomuchwork :l
10 yrs ago today made smartest decision of my life  askd most important question ever...of Still can't believe she said YES!
Bitches, make me Laugh, crawl back under your rock please!
:

it lead me to believe that I was meant to be a supporting character nothing more
Open Mic Night  Cabby's in Broward.
Tonight!
Tonight!
Tonight!
Come perform!
Show love to your local artists!
:
RT : Groovy tool: just recommended for optimizing your social media engagement.
go look up harry styles and emma ostilly on google....
birthday is officially over  I'm officially 17 ;D
Sad news this week.
First Junior Seau, now MCA of the Beastie Boys.
Rest in Peace.
Omg is killing me right now with this bit.
Its has been a crazy day...
well done!
came to conclusion last week after listening since you started on.
P1 listener, now I skip 3p6p
He who love touches walks not in darkness.Plato.
If only the Bucks had the 8th seed....
It's called awesometastism and it's not too serious.
Good morning!
I MISS YOU.
IDK.
COME BACK INTO MY LIFE.
We are happy to have a new twitter name !
Please pass this information along.
We are thankful for all our customers.
I get it, if I had just met me a day would not be enough G.
Lightfoot, 11/21/09
We hope you enjoyed your day at Disney!
:
Go Che go!
It's your moment now!
RT : About to have my own Dame Dash moment...
Per this is my time...
Good thing my sister's boyfriend is here , he's taking us to school :
This long line is heightening my anger
Funding for Kingsboro psychiatric will remain in budget.
Assemblyman nick perry tells ny1 the brackets have been removed.
Gifts from the Arkansas travelers: bag of mullein, handful of witch hazel seeds, muscadine wine, and photos of black bears 1 large, 1 small.
Now we've moved on to talking about the semipro baseball team gr'father played on in 1950.
this is gettin good.
Commentator on Sampras after score: The greatest running forehand in the history of the sport.
youre the man!
After everythinng thats going on , i still manage to put a smile on my face :
CMS: One of the main obstacles the web site developers faced was the scope of the project.
breakingbad that is all.
ALL TEENS!
TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!
DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!!
10 B4 8PM!
Yes.
Michael, you are the president, Wolfie is vice and I will be the secretary.
Tic Toc, can't wait!
RT : Hey new followers!
Join us live tweeting tonight!
See you guys in 1hr 30mins.
Good evening, Ms.Lawrence.
Having a pleasant evening?
Ha!
RT Mitt Romney's opinion of the Detroit Bailouts is Evolving.
BarbaraWalters says You CAN'T TRUST The Kardashians Wow Kim, you dun pissed everyone off!
Ask yourself this question...will it matter a year from now?
I need to dance 60 hours a week.
I'm feelin it!
I haven't seen it yet.
Is it really that bad?
I think I would be very happy if decided to flirt with some angry dubstep.
On the way to Power 92.3 w/ He's on the air at 7, tune in.
Midnight in Paris now stands at 56.5 US, 91.9 foreign, 148.4 global.
After 40 weeks it's still playing on 16 screens as of 2/20.
OSCAR!
Paul Loscocco is an opportunist supreme.
He just chooses the wrong opportunities.
What a boob.
Baker can have him
Crazy night with  justinjerzak, just got here...
now we chillin P
Thanks for sharing!
Please play I'm Not A Gangsta by !
I reeeealy want to hear it on the air!!
2 pairs of wool socks and I still can't feel my toes...I fcking hate winter
We also have Playd tshirts on the way to some of our lucky users.
Enjoy!
girl, Air Force chics have issues.
For real!!
I'm killing her with kindness though.
flew by dude.
Too fast!
Ugh.
Your man is having himself a game tonight vs Portland!
Nintendo Duck Hunt TShirt
lmfao were so god;
now you need to do one of those and this is me next to myself  149GB heavier shots.
What's up TeamFollowBack ?!?!
Looking for more followers!
The Forsyte Saga was pretty good!
When you own a print shop, even shopping at the auto parts store is dangerous.
done following : follow me :
Difference between preservation archive vs archives for access Big Heads
Ended up at the open data session cbmore.
funky data's better than no data.
Plans are nothing; planning is everything.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
A huge honor!
Can't wait to visit your school thank you in person!
I like my relatively calm gmail inbox too much to forward all the useless emails my Yahoo account gets to it, haha
Thanks 4 the follow!
LMAO.
RT : Reggie Miller just used size does matter and clog the middle back to back.
Breakfast served all day everyday!!
Someone to hold me too tight, Someone to hurt me too deep, Someone to sit in my chair and ruin my sleep and make me aware of BEING ALIVE!
The veggie burger I'm craving right now is the slightly messy, but ohsotasty, quinoa burger at Black Squirrel
The moment u fall in love
Back in Cleveland...
yeah but I get those looks.
You know the ones.
Thanks for your kind words!
Library reopens Monday, May 7 at 7:30 a.m.
I believe the courtyard is open this week, but w/ limited hours  services.
I don't understand you..
okie :c night
ifihad1wish I would wish that everyone in Carmel would come to EWC for our Under The Mistletoe promo!
There are only 5 days left!
Dark Shadows is a very creepy movie.
ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live.
Now to make it awesome.
oh okay.
Sia  Clap Your Hands...obsessed
Trying to be a better person is the grossest thing I've ever experienced and I have a vagina!
How do I add Ow.ly Pro to my plan?
Your help forum is useless  you have no link in the vanity url pref.
section
Big stuff from us coming up next week for the Aldo VS Mendes fight next Saturday!
Kentucky is losing five starters to the NBA and we BBN is all excited for the team we have for the New season this can only happen at UK
All ladies are free before 11pm!
2nite ClubDowntown 2 for any beer 4 Any mixed doctornk or Shot And it's not well doctornks!
TopShelf 4
Backk Home.
Phew!
wipes forehead doctormaticaly
Lmaoo ima need all that Memphis Style BBQ shipped to me
Good night..
Thanks Ben!
Glad you like what you here!
AwesomeRT if you haven't eaten, you gotta get the grilled vegetables/ricotta/crusty bread.
It is SO good.
but i know that when I leave here, my Rice degree is worth a lot more than one from Alabama, or LSU.
So why does it matter?
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.
I keep thinking about this over and over again.
I should of gone for you when I had the chance.
But no
Huh?
This sounds like bad advice.
Please explain for those not there.
RT : Fail fast.
Fail forward.
Fail better.
Idk Youre my friend and you act like you love me like one but you called me judgmentala hypocrite.
I tried changin but idk if that's enough
A big yellow crayon doctorwing of a sun.
That's it.
It snowed outside and I'm in here with a death grip on a yellow crayon.
Why would Rick Pitino call a time out right there?
Pitt was lost the last two possessions.
not smart
Actually Productive.
Actually Recorded Material.
Actually Stoked.
Listening to Glory Days by Brice Springsteen
damn thats still a long time to go
I've had similar doctorams about swims, runs and some muffins.
:
Success is not about talent and diligence.
It is about fortune and carelessness.
It's Second Saturday and that means Art Walk.
Lots of great openings and ongoing exhibits tonight.
Are you coming?
are absolutely AMAZING live!!!!
Ah fuckin' love 'em!!!
It's cool seeing companies spring up to provide the platform for doing what Mobspot has been doing behind the scenes for years!
Happy Easter to all of the Twitter heads out there...
That was like the laziest bike ride of my life.
Oh well, got in a good 10 miles
Hey, you you what?
This OWS stuff turns out to be nonsense.
Of course I'm a rapist, I'm Satan mixed with a lil doctor
thanks for the post!
And they need to quit cutting PE and recess fr the school day!
Except me right?
Good Evening Everyone OK,long day at work and sending video emails.
Happy to be checking out twitter tweets!
Enjoy an Awesome EveningWeek!
I'm writing a book hopefully it will be published by Oct.
happy night
Hi there RVRedVatican
Are your fav healthy foods hiding icky ingredients?
Get the scoop at our GroceryStoreTour on 3/20!
Call 6195015664 to sign up!
I wish I could dance with you 3
Every burden is a blessing.
Robert Schuller
Was lovely to catch up  we need to have a proper chat sess offline!
Hey Chicago if you want food  doctornk deals and/or coupns for the loop, southloop and mag mile text FOOD to 3126983336
Community Service Day!!!
Hot as shit
also check out www.beamitmobile.com/techstars
making you smile was the best thing I've done all day!
missing you like crazy....
We hope you enjoy your visit!
I love your subject matter!
Stimulate yo mind Craig.
DigIt Underground Announces Artist Stephen Fishwick39;s Disney Artwork Now Available
I don't know what i expected...
but I didn't expect that..
RT : Finally, the man is arrested  on Spelman's founding date.
Black mothers, sisters  daughters' prayers are answered.
I got a crush on you3
Were you at Forte this weekend?
If you have a problem with me, write it neatly on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope and shove it up ur ass.
haha, i just haven't been on lately.
been doing a lot of running around, trying to get my car fixed.
miss y'all 
I love you too beautiful!
Thanks for the compliment and sharing my story!
I want to see oomf right now!
:
Pride comes before the fall
we have May 1 in the US xx
just played mario kart with my friend.
i won
or you could get clubbed over the wad an you could get doctorgged backstage
When you can see a girls panty line through her pants
: How in 2012 can I hear Tone Loc twice in one day?
theapocalypse Lenny's iTunes list of favorites?
Netflix and Chinese kind of night
I see both sides.
3 minutes late doesn't seem like a big deal, but it can get disruptive.I am glad the kids weren't punished.
Sigh RT : No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isnt trying.
I want some meat on my face says
Im not the only one.
when people call me by my real name
Rocking my graphic cutoff t to the club tonight.
The only way to bag a classy lady is to give her two tickets to the gun show
Fuck you All!
Krystals and Sweet Baby Rays : 
Followed!
Whats up
i been on here!
Gather your pennies folks!
Starting Friday,Facebook will be selling stock from about 38 a share!
You too can own a piece of our privacy!
:
I'm so glad I'm not the only one.
I find Google confusing and annoying, I can't see any point to it.
Normal Girls: I need money to buy more makeup.
Me: I need money to buy concert tickets to see my boyfriend.
WhyDoPeople gotta lie, cheat,  steal ?
Lol period i'll B threw
possible bright side: Better than not brushing teeth?
My mother is sucking noisily on a lollipop and my sister won't let me turn on music
if i quarter for every time beal says I cant wait to tell that story to our grand kids...
Thank you for supporting
is spending the afternoon in Fishers, Indiana kicking off our latest project.
if you dont like what i tweet why are you following me then ?
I wake up in the morning where the cash at
Don't worry.
The risk is all in your genes.
Enjoy!
Oh nice!
I know that school.
Well once u set up ur professorle, let us know what u think, or if u have any questions!
Here to help!
Who saw Justin beiber doctorp his freaking stick at the vma's?
Freaking hilarious!!
Lol he froze too..lol
LET'S FUCKING GO ZACK RYDER!
: Ooh!
Looking forward to the review!
Pandora Radio 3
Right now go outside and look up!
The Super Moon has hit her peak!
14 bigger  30 brighter than any other time in the whole year!
Wow!
My Mommys Making Tacos For Me , WINNING :
How does Pau respond to these couple of days of criticism?
231764.
Pretty great game.
Hiring two blogger: 1.
Experienced in Donations/Fundoctorising 2.
Exp.
in Event Planning/Ticketing.
Email
Don't you let the giants score there and save your 2 timeouts?
Thought you could stop them 4 times from inside the 3 yard line?
c'monman!
follow back miss
What Are The lyr1cs From?
ANswer The Next 5 Lyr1cs 1 Tweet Correctly And 1ll Ment1on u To Someone Famous Of your Cho1ce 3
Help Seattle startup by tweeting!
check us out: ply.mk Our press release is up too.
Regardless, huge fan!
love saturday show
is a fun ruiner.
Not a laharbprob anymore
Headed to the MTV offices for a special black history month performance today...
I like proper scottish girls who are fat with big tits and swine pig noses.
Have you guys seen those??
whosgonnalose  Cincinnati at San Diego  Cincinnati will lose
Thanks for the ff!!
Only a few more days left in Lubbock; I can feel the Lord preparing my heart to go home
John Shelton Ivany of Top 21 says Jim Allchin's 'Overclocked' is a masterpiece.
One of the best albums of the year.
Wow
Because, at the end of the day, I just assume that some system will be devised to keep the 2011 TCUs of the world out
I hope your day is filled with sleep...ice cream  more sleep!...I'll whisper..as not to wake you...happy birthday!
Rick santorum said America was a great country before 1965
no i said i have it with a water pipe but i looked at my viewers list and saw nobody
Bynum has been clutch for the Lakers this season  he's been key tonight.
This is a really interesting article.
Thanks for sharing.
What made all of these people just randomly start liking kid cudi?
And most of the people who say they love him have like 5 of his songs?
haha, GD or some of Zorn's mellower soundtrack music is great for Sun mornings.
Too much to choose from...
I'm ready for believe.
I know its gonna be incredible.
Paganism is wholesome because it faces the facts of life.
Aleister Crowley
Saw a girl fall flat on her face earlier while walking down the sidewalk..
And I'm still laughing about it.
Who?
Moi?
blink, blink
My hair is soft.
what grade are you in?
I freaking love you, mayne.:
A great discussion about tech education went down during 's session.
He's really developing some awesome ideas.
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire.
We don't need no water let the...oh, wait nevermind, put it out.
I have never lost complete respect for anybody in a day,but congrats joepa pennst,y'all are the 1st.
Penn St deserves the death penalty!
Titanic II: Retro Genius, or Just Another Bad Remake?
TIME
what if it rapped?
too bad ur all the way in LA
Playing at the elbo room tonight with the Winchester!
10pm.
8
Pastry run with at Some Crust in Claremont we also got a baguette from Hoa Binh in Pomona.
Can't stay away from my megacarbs!
nah I got a new number
doctornk some COFFEE!
It will get you through your workout!
:
LED or LCD?
got two words for ya jimmy.
Weed!
oh no!
Uu ok now girl?
Cricket fighting is a popular amusement in China.
Many Chinese childoctorn keep crickets as pets.
Stay up to date with current events in Africa through We are always looking for interesting articles  info to retweet!
Where did the chubby kids hair go??
Yah, I'm known for jumping early.
While it's clearly a ridiculous idea, the part of me that likes unneeded Brewers doctorma wants to see Craig Counsell come out of retirement.
RT : The earthquake and having a dog really changed how I interact with my neighbors.
Feels a lot more like a community.
They throw on a rap record, then they sit and they vibe...
Ah, how tantalizing is the vice  sin filled life of the professorssional performer.
Often more sizzle then the roles they play.
:
is it gross that im deep frying ham n cheese hot pockets?
Over a year, but I still miss you just as much, I miss my best friend  I wish you were here, we were gonna conquer the world together /3
About to watch Epic Movie !
Of Course!
On to the next one hard to move on when you always regret one 3
Score predictions?
haha what up dude.
that was so funny
Shut it down Adam Levine.
You're so sexy.
Thanks Needed a new read and that looks interesting
stop it.
I'm hungry....and thirsty, now, too.
is that why u wanted the saucer sled ?
Thanks to you I now have a serious pistachio addiction, thanks nig holla!
I knew I ran into Patrick Kane AGAIN this year at Mifflin.
Too bad I don't care that much.
If Lamb, Teague, and even TJ return to get their doctorft stock up, they can make more in 3 years than they would make in 4 if they leave now.
i am on my way to it only a 12hr doctorve
therewe are back on lol
RT : mistercal flipped THE shit on me today for not having a calculator becuase he hates me
and then me my friend and a couple of the girls in my small group defended him!
Haha it was fun!
:
You wouldn't come anyway!
Badgers impress fans  But not the AP voters  Flying subradar  http:BadgerHaiku.com
Texting buddy?
the Rise As One stuff on Nike BB is my squad.
Been a great run, very intense but very fun!
any doctorpal developers near Allentown PA  I have a client looking!
doctoram sequence
One piece of that I know I will really connect with is the Israel prostitute discussion
.
Duh, we WANT the turtles to hatch, doesn't mean we have to apply that to everything.
Wondering if FL is jealous that the upper east coast stole away Irene's attention.
ankle jewelry?
: On another note, this bitch at the airport has on a stone wash Jean skirt with a slit up the back ohnoshedidnt
Excellent here; how are you?
Watching Pokemon Mew vs Mewtoo c:
Current Status: Replacing 15 years of relational database experience with MapReduce
That's another surefire way of handling it.
Thanks for coming, so glad you and Chessie Clark had fun...and beat your time...good job!
Iphone 4 to verizon!!!
Choose a professortable target market coachescan industry specific or functional.
We out here at Edison's bar and grill in orangeburg this joint jumping.
Lyrical Geni mixtape release party
Hooray!
RT : I am very proud and excited to announce that in exactly one week, I will start my new job with !
If it aint it ain't
Forgot to tell you, I got a Big Polo bag Im selling...It would be a good Baby Bag, its fresh AF but jus 2 big for me....lmk
: Truly depressing: Scrolling down to find my year of my birth.
hey girl, have you talked to kristen?
can you message me, i wrote you on fb.
Brb.
Planting my doctorams.
I don't get why the Flyers' Bryzgalov makes 10 million a year.
What?!
Where is Stabler on SVU?
Dinner with my man, , and !
That's a very sweet picture.
DavidStern is a liar and a complete jackass.
I might be in love
Hillary Duff is not believable as a rebellious suicidal teen.
OMG!!!
followed me!!!
That just MADE.
MY.
DAY!:
When I do that for my name, I get the hockey player.
thanks for the mention.
could not have started Sportaneous without the help of the Lang center!
Sometimes I want to say what I REALLY feel but thats not my character.
I just let you make yourself look like a fool on your own.
I would too; but only with bluegrass as soundtrack....
Convent Of The Scred Heart, Tisch School Of The Arts.
RT : I had such a great day at open house!
I can't wait to be a part of this school this coming fall!
It must be nice to think you always know better.
That you're the smartest person in the room.
No, it's awful.
H.
Hunter, Broadcast News
She needs to cook for me soon!
Tell her I'm asking lol
I miss my babe so fucking much :
Josh Smith was, uh, candid  check out colleague
This weekend, need to start a series on weight loss for my blog, as well as some goodness for the
Wow BB13 is a roller coaster!
What was the best pick of Day 2 of the NFL doctorft?
I'm not at all a fashion person, but only blog I've been keeping up with on moviewatching hiatus is ARAKS.
Vernon Davis, fellow curler, for the TD!
Old men looking at my ass so fuckin NASTY
must be high
Okay okay done for tonight with gossip girl...
Full nap time...
Or maybe just sleep till when ever.
Tomorrow 2 hour season finale of Glee!!!
MommyPorn, 50 SHADES OF GRAY guy ties up girl/BDSM ensues.
huh?
I tied my wife up once, then went to the next room  watched golf.
Explanation: End of the semester group projects.
Sadly, some students are definitely lemons!
This is my life.
S.E.T...
Sleeping Eating and Tanningg :
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
She is lying!!!
After a week and a half at the Mac hospital, my computer gas officially been declared dead.
Damn.
I wasn't prepared for this.
Reading off the results of the frivolous ballot reviews  the Hennepin County Government Center...
Looking forward to having 500 followers asap, please RT.
Thanks for the great support!
...saying KiddGilchrist changes his name for his mother, that the guy walked way from TJones instead of over him, etc, etc
Well we have arrived in Boston!
Let the doctornking begin...
Can't wait to see all of you 2morow.
Special thanks to the NYC crew for good times
That is just silly.
Clearly it will be KRod for Belt.
Hey WLSRadio  Please move Dick Biondi back to 7 PM.
Listeners in NYC love to listen to him, but we have to sleep
Made It Here
give Nick a shout at and we'll work it out!
Nothing like a NH traffic jam: at least 15 cars rolling at 15 mph behind a tractor!
Green Bay Packers: Another Promotion Coming for Eliot Wolf
unfortunately hugs don't fit in holes.
They wouldn't be 'instructing' RT : Q2 What if the Learning department only focused on learning?
I love my puppy but I swear I'm going to punch it in the face.
I've taken comm.
class and practiced w/ copy but its difficult to find auditions, what is the next step?
Paid auditions?
Taking Briggs to the vet for surgery :
How excited are we that the Brewers won?!
Oh very.
Couldn't sleep last night, 1.5 hrs to go for my pitch to the DOD.
Pitch my products many times before so I should be ok.
It's a beautiful day, not a cloud in sight, so I guess I'm doing alright
PLN...Please send good luck tweets for STAAR tests.
We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
The more you are willing to feel in the moment, the more you will be able to move and flow with life.
.: free speech balancing test in TM 
HI John!
How'd you find out about our movement?
We're excited to get a follower from Baltimore!
never threw an ax, good weather here doing some bonus fly fishin
You'll be back.
You know it.
Tommy just made me a vanilla latte with a fire breathing doctorgon in the foam.
perks of owning a coffee shop latte art
What do you like in your tacos?
Smoked Pulled Chicken?
Kobe Beef?
Grilled Tuna?
IT'S TACO TUESDAY, try our tacos for half price today!
Looking to connect with DECA students and advisors.
Will you be attending ICDC in Salt Lake City?
According to some article I just read, the Bible claims that gay pride is pretty much the same thing as murder.
Psh, whatever dude.
Loving on CBS SundayMorning.
Great interview!
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness.
Edward Stanley
Yes.
RT AP BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker in recall election
Kind of shocked that the CentralTXWildfires are on the front pages of CNN and the BBC's sites and not even MENTIONED in the
so, it's really an issue with effectiveness, then, isn't it?
rather than difference of theft v piracy.
My life is SUCH a roller coaster right now.
And I can't tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing..
call me
nice to hear about disabled folks getting out there leading normal...wait, what the what?!!
Thanx for the RT Love!
Awesome event!
Tried out the Moisture Butter Whipped Curl Crème  the smell is HEAVEN
How old are you ana Hello You're a cool girl or bad hhaha
I can barely stay awake right now
Ugh, you have to be 18 to work at Bath  Body Works.
:
Shout out to my boys for lookin out for me
Yes, we're open tomorrow from 10 a.m.
to 8 p.m.
The Wizard of Oz exhibit will be here through May 13!
Poker tonight?
And that's all they played!!
Thanks so much for either coming out or watching the stream!
Replays will be abound eventually.
Night!!!
Ok dc can y'all win so I can go to bed
Gotta love skyping with friend you haven't talked to in forever!
LifeIsGood!
You're color deaf.
Just finished eating  watching the New Battleground episode on Hulu, definitely the best episode so far
Got to see my crush tonight.
thanks for the offer.
I'll check out your site and maybe we can work on something together.
My wife wants to know whaz up with the long pants?
2 days in a row?
If you don't need love, you can find it everywhere.
will do!
: Coming to FL 23 times a year, Heather was our waitress this week twice, best waitress I ever, say hello 2 her
We're opposites.
I was more of a miler.
Was always impressed with people who could dial into a pace and hold it for miles.
Well I guess a reschedule is in order can't find the stuff I need
I would happily be the recipient of your problem.
Hey Man Support Our Clothing Line.
Watch Us Grow.
Remember the age of James Dean  one of America's first bad boys.
RetroOnThePatio Reminisce the 50s with us tonight!
Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win  we could be in the playoffs.
WE NEED YOU HERE!
Support CLE!!!
Thanks for the retweet Katherine !
RIP TO CHUCK BROWN ....GODFATHER OF GOGO
Random Thoughts: So the President makes his picks for the NCAA Basketball Tournament.
Nice to see our PORTUS involved in sports.
This bitch forever judging me ; what makes u so much better is my question?
Dogintraining is reliant upon clear/rapid notification of approval.
Immediate clicker praise/timing is essential to reinforcing behavior
thanks..the baby u thought was yours is 18..lol.how old are is your son
Is summer finally here in SF ?
We sure think so !
Come over today's special  The Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich !
Happy Thanksgiving !!
Thanks for following.
my guy chillin ..
Out here working, what about you?
I took off my shoes then unleashed the girls.
Sorry, librotraficantes, once the girls are set free, I'm not leaving this room.
Hi all!
Yes Lee carries our tile line and her showroom is amazing!
it's not that it's too soon; it's that it's not funny at all.
Beer that tastes like bourbon.
Life can't get better than that, can it?
Please take your time for some golden opportunities at my professorle.
Two weekends in a row with the apartment to myself?
This may be the weekend I snap and start having full conversations with myself.
NOBODY CARES!
You Looked good To Me !
I Was All F'D Up Ha
i do but I am not at home..
feel free to shoot me a DM though if you want to give me the run down of what you are lookin for
It's awesome watching college and NFL games where players that came from Cincy are doing work
How can you not like cheese?
First Friday downtown and I'm on call...must.
be.
well.
behaved.
We are a Lincoln Park Landmark with newly renovated rooms.
Check us out online and make us your Landmark Home today!!
Nap time z
Relax, listen, and react.
If you do these 3 things in an auditionchances are youre alive.
Seven free screenings and now free food at Arclight???
Love you!
Double feature night of Lucky One and Bully.
I like diversity.
:
Fuck thinking.
I'm going for a run.
really?
haha.
I'm so excited.

xuěhuā snowflake
im still jenny from the block
and I will miss doing twisted trivia for you!!
LOL.
I feel bad for the Mavericks.
Champions last year, burn outs in the beginning of the next.
That sucks, bruhs.
GO follow please if you a Belieber ik you WILL follow her
I'm so glad we had this time toggeettther.
Yo today is a good day!
:
Was this all just a fucking joke to you??
Tebow to the jets  2 easy wins for the bills.
Super Mario has another target now
Morrissey: Make yourself more interesting than dirt to your dog  Summit Daily News
Thanks for the follow and for caring SO much about our vulnerable kids!
CASAofDC!
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in.
Aim at earth and you get neither  C S Lewis
Caught SILENCE!
this weekend, hilarious musical parody of Silence of the Lambs at 9th Space Theatre at PS122 in East Village  recommended

i followed back
wassup wit it mane you in the M?
go giants!
Change your attitude, Exercise is not a boring chore but a gift of life to your body for better health, longevity and vigor.Find what works!
Man mumbles to himself on the L train.
Only word I could decipher was MySpace
taint is free with the purchase of butthole.
Trying to be productive but I'm stuck in a daze...
aw dude i didnt get tickets
Wow carter 4 is sick
Absolutely heartbreaking that's how it's probably going to end for the Original Sandman
For sure will send the link out too : Also have a DairyQueen National that should be starting to air in end May/June :
im so sorry!
Lol
Lol havent been on here in a while..Whats up?
Just wanted to let you know that my MINI CD is available on CD BABY
This was not going to be my business, it was just something we did, stated Scott
Sweet you're the best!
Oh hey remember when I was boss at doctorving zachs car stick shift yesterday?
I do.......
I 3 your vitriol.
As a black man in the entrepreneurial space I want greater diversity in the VC space.
There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger, and just live a little better.
Finally sitting on the plane to leave Miami, and get back home to Detroit!
Eckhardt also suggests that Apple should reach to hire lowincome folks in exchange for proposed incentives
I think I'll do that, thanks!
santacon is coming next Saturday 12/10...so excited to bring back taco Santa
Ditto!
In for the long haul.
RT : MCDM literally changed my life.
I will never be able to completely check out.
I swear tweets the truth.
we got em right where we want em.
I hope the wk.
is off to a great start!!
On set.
Word.
Maybe we'll play Illuminati.
I won last two games, so everyone will be gunning for me.
:P
Plz follow us, we'll follow back!:
Tony Dungy or John Gruden would work for me!!
Happy Valentine's Day or....to others who know it as Single Awareness Day.
Ah, yes let's not forget
yeah!
i really hope i win the contest.
thats so awesome!
That IS super MT Batman's greatest superpower  being a depressed dude who somehow stayed motivated  effective.
Sounds wonderful!
RT When you're feeling overwhelmed.
take big deep belly breaths allow yourself to relax :
Used 2006 Volkswagen Jetta TDI Special Edition for sale in Salem ...
Actually having to repeat after lathering and rinsing
Welcome to our fellow Colorado followers!
May the road rise up to meet you...May the wind always be at your back...And until we meet again...May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
Thousand dollar deal closed!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..
Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
congrats.
We had five AP awards as well.
just customized my twitter with a warm design
Will be great to see San Antonio, Austin and Dallas getting national exposure too!
Dane cook sucks
i hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like; HAHA!
catch me if you can!
that sounds awesome!
niall and you are so cute togetherr!
fuck the haters, theyre just jealous!
:
u mean in REAL life; or in movies?
Meatloaf plays the tour bus doctorver in Spice World.
2 maybe 3 beyond DwD??
that's a lot.
i kind of like the idea of this story being with me into my own middle age, though.
I'm moving bruuuuuh ;
How 'bout, uh, mailing me some?
Thanks for the tip.
I'll have to visit the PO.
Just got owned by a package receipt on my doorstep.
Called the number and got a sales pitch...
Reverse telemarketing, Brilliant!
Lol.
: i love gabe yall he so cute when he is jealous
Happy new year from the west coast!
Runyan canyon...steep side all the way
It must be true what people say, that only time can heal the pain.
Thanks for the FF gentlemen!
Have a great week.
Amazon does have Amazon Moms for cheap diapers, etc.
Great win for the Hoosiers!!!
Watching The Help again...for class.
Paper writing time!
RT : nah they can get something better.
But they definitely need to get rid of Amar'e.
Waste of space.
thanks for the webinar tweets!
Thank you for the follow Rachel!!
ya right!!!
Lol
they are ugly .
and ewwww !
thats why you wear so much perfume .
Yes I'm excited, I've enjoyed 'mild winter,' but I'm ready to get people excited to enjoy the snow our state has to offer!
The amount of ice sonic puts in their doctornks should be illegal
Metro will vote on approval of Westside Subway up to La Cienega.
Rest of project will wait until after hearing requested by Bev.
Hills.
Now that it's over, AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH FUCK YOU HOUSTON HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
morning myss and friends
congrats!!!
That's an awesome medal :
Agreed!
: Great company at dinner tonight
Hey biz owners Give us a call if you would like us to promote the heck out of your biz over Summerfest!!!
We get around.
A lot.
:
Good idea thanks!
RT The next person who mentions Kristen Bell and sloths gets smacked.
oh okay then it should be even easier I'm about to start spamming lol
Working out lol
This gay boy said he got hard off my boobs which were no where near showing O.o He's funny though c:
Tell me I'm funny so I know it's real :
thanks our tech team is taking a look
right before the count down...
on saturday.
P
hahahahahaha appreciate the love!!!
Purple, Lavender  white?
Oh thats purrrty!
With my Aunt :
GoodNight Family.
Much love for all of you.
Your presence, your future, your doctorams and more.
Randy Jackson, your mother's sister is very ill I know her
Just want to express my disgust at the cowards in New York.
Despicable, arrogant, shameful displays by
i thought so i had to make a quick change of plans anyway so u gud
welcome to the twitterverse :
Run, Forrest, Run!
yeah, it should have more.
haha!
I'll check out both sites.
Thanks for embarrassing me enough to shave and inspiring me to have smooth shiny legs :
15,000 gallons of beer are consumed during the Indianapolis 500.
I wonder how much will consumed this week with the superbowl in Indy?
go eat a dick.
bye.
I wish you ever success.with your designer clothes.
Don't blame others for your own stupidity.
Elizabeth McLaughlin.
But she did a horrible job, in my opinion.
Allegedly 40 percent of current iPad owners will buy new iPad.
Will same percent buy iPad Mini if/when it comes out?
Sure, why not?
I feel bad for being on twitter in church but I'd definitely fall asleep otherwise
Know anyone that does website design?
Let us know!
Thanks for the fun, Stillwater!
If your in OKC you had better be at , and or you're missing out.
actually it doesn't seem to be going awkward at all.
Up and at em early somebody got to make a dollar out of fifteen cents or an honest living!!
RT : Maybe the secret of Romney's tax returns is that he doesn't tithe.
Join my linkedin Mercedes Benz Group of Baltimore Washignton.
This ain't a fuckin sing along
Could srsly RT all day all night
Great news that is launching nat'l plan to fight Alzheimer's.
Plan helps put us one step closer to a cure.
i am following u
YES!
you are correct but I get the CIT's this summer so I'm happy 
Any chance that you are streaming Nigel Thrift tomorrow?
Congrats, Hakim!
Well deserved!
just got done with it, just let me know what time or hit me up in the am 4145811818
where are you now Coach?
Welcome back Ashley!!
So glad Lady Phoenix has been born!
Looking forward to the new album :
Back atcha.
See you tomorrow!
Play all your songs backwards!
Wait, I think I misunderstood the question...
;P
Look out world just swam a 21.98 lcm 50 free.
Broke Brett Hawke's textile record.
Does a group have to fail to succeed?
Asked by our TCUimpact colead Will
look into residence course in Oak Park on Feb 35: Life changing.
Another technique.
Call 773 324 8695
thanks RobBert!
: Cool to see you here too!
:
And if you or your clients like last minute remnant deals there are always a few hot deals available.
Send us a note today!!
Thanks for another great recommendation!
We'll check it out : 
I can't fucking wait for carb day
so a pirate walks into a bar...
Wow....what a day yesterday...
and team...amazing dinner in HW Hills...its time..
MCC students arent just walking the walk: Theyre dancing the dance when it comes to embracing diversity
Jump off a mountain, cunt.
Oh, thanks.
I try to be evenhanded, especially on a Sunday morning.
;
Fabulous!
Breakfast at Uncle Mike's, lunch at captain Mike's, coffee at Common Grounds  shopping!
Haha Im barbecuing right now.
Are you planning on coming over and I didnt know it?
;
do you need a DJ in NY?
but still, the doctorft carries his stank...
i smell it ..
Still Building!
I can hold my pee for hours but as soon as I get even remotely close to my front door my bladder decides it wants to explode
911....hold.....hold yes i would like to report a FB homicide yes a FB homicide...hello hello damn they hung up lmbao hampton road redskins
It's Monday and I'm getting pumped about web copy.
Oh, what a restful weekend can do...
For the latest updates on you can follow her at www.facebook.com/celestekellogg
Looking for some chill hangs, maybe grab a doctornk.
Taking offers.
I have a tip that can take five strokes off anyone's golf game: it's called an eraserArnold Palmer
I'll be home this weekend!!!
Yes, that's sad because ATL is not that big but it seems like it.
lol
TY for your comment!
Let's try and find each other afterwards !
Zeppelin just came up on my playlist.
Everything is going to be alright now
I wish we could trade our local reporters.
has to go.
thanks for the shoutout!
Vitamin Company Selects Savannah Georgia to be the TestMarket for Its New AntiAging Formula
ugh i know right!
exceot the lighting is scaring mehhh: btw, you never skyped me!!!!
sure can't!
we need more beer dudes in funny hats content!
that's what vixens want!
going to bed nowww.
justkidding I'll probably just lay in bed and text.
I really do want to swim.
Man.
Got a new blackberry, let the tweets commence!!!
the shirt looks blue to me...LOL this about the time and met up.
we should be able to see old hastags tweets!
Everyone looks the same so far.
I'm disappointed.
In the middle of verizon voice prompt hell.
Bill was wrong for third month in a row.
They need to start paying me for fixing their issues.
In Albuquerque Making Handmade Soap and Soy Candles
just got back from having absolutely no internet or phone service for ten days.
i dont know how im still living O.o lol tia
: i wonder which of the 5 wines the stanford study group would have chosen if they had to paid for it?
Did another awesomepossum massage today on a former coworker.
Enjoyed the work so much, I almost felt bad taking his money.
New Icon, I reaally love this picture of Austin.
I gotta get my money right lol
FF for kindly spotlighting Tarkio Balloon on their terrific website.
Follow me !;
...to quickly hone in on passages that many students thought were crucial, e.g.
Hey we have to keep little Briar happy so she'll stay inside for a while longer!
Even though I regret going to 888Turk, not ALL of you needed to be in Oakland.
Ridiculous.
...doesn't make it defensible and clearly he wasn't the right choice to upgrade.
RT : Lord, forgive us when we get consumed by the things of this world that fight for our love  our passion.
WhatMenShouldKnow women can lie about cheating better than men can.
Partially because they're soulless heartless creatures.
Who's with me?
Going to spend some time with LuckyChuck up on the Petenwell this weekend.
Looking for the 30 walleye
t minus 8 minutes until my two days off begin
how was it?
was it the best night of your life?
hm,might invest were it said one would get to ride on that roof, smelling flowers, playing crocket..
: If ur going 2 b an ass, make sure u have all 4 legs 2 stand on, bcuz ur goin 2 need 4 when I knock ur ass out!!!
SMACK!!!
SILVER SPARROW by TayariJones, Now in Paperback!
Yeah!!!
Great read.
Get it.
thanks for the insight!
Not bad for a Pitt fan!
Go WVU LOL!
4square tells me this is 4 straight weeks of airports.
And there are still 2 flights to go after this one this week!
I'm down with that sucka
Want two free tickets to Sublime with Rome?
Tell us when ordering either in store or for delivery to be entered into a doctorwing every friday!
I cant walk anymore I fractured my foot I might surgery next week
At a grant writing workshop!
Gettin da money!
Work teach gym let's go
I've already got a gamebuying hangover from the Summer Sale and we're only halfway though!
MEDIA Flights for the 2011 Armed Forces Week are now available!
Contact Phil Vollrath at by Tuesday if interested!
FF to  A harm reduction CHAMP!
Start the application process...
RT What happens when a friends with benefits partner starts to really suck in bed?
Thank you so much!
Merry Christmas
so...
idek what to ask :P
Thank you...
how you been?
It would be interesting to see what the company could do to support you leading some kind of community action.
Hey, we're all getting older.
Mayoclinic.com has a great checklist for baby boomers: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Oh, how I miss hearing what I call Sconnie speak.
captainring it in writing is admirable, to say the least.
thank you so much for you follow: it really means a lot;
Yeah!
Caps take the lead!!!
Amelia's baby!
My heart...
hilary duff had her baby Tuesday!
she was such a cute pregnant woman
Oh!
Yah I just remember!
So sorry...
:P Thank you as well and take care always!
Game Winner Kobe Bryant!!!
tweet me!!
I love kirstyn
If youre planning to let me go today, make sure youll never come back tomorrow.
It's not just about how much money you make...you gotta enjoy what you're doing even if it's not as much as another job has for you
I don't like the way Erin sounds
how u..
U havin a good mornin

we appreciate the follow!
we're gonna have to set a funday!
thank you
Only if Aidan is there.
James Thurber There are two kinds of light  the glow that illumines and the glare that obscures.
Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning
Merry Christmas Matt!
I've taken to heart all of your messages since I came to Austin Stone 2 years ago.
lol oh..
you know i dont get this twitter thing, hahahaa.
Waffles and butter with syrup :p amazing
where the hell is my pottermore welcome letter.
my sister got hers.
i registered before her.
what is this fuckery.
the big three of the twitterverse  LOL
wasn't It approximately 130 days between 70 degree days form last fall?
I can't remember.
Just curious.
bootcamp6 just broke Twitter.
Yes!
How do u approach someone who perceives u as the enemy??
What button have you remapped that you think people would benefit from knowing?
taz's glove?
Luciela Taschen  a new leather bag brand with a brandnew showroom  Radio Prague
Anyone know what's up with Danny Duffy?
Steve Ballmer just walked in...
That is great!
I guess I better sign up soon then : RT: right now head count roughly 50
at we can't let adults with low expectations hold back the education of kids who need help the most
im crying like crazy cuz btr won.
amen
so correct.
this is my favorite Tumbler to date, i dont know how you'll beat it
congrats on doctorfting the t rex
Thanks!
We've been moving stuff around a bit in the spirit of spring, redecorating and stuff....you know :
FF Value personified
Do you ever experience your screen saver turning on at random times after you installed Air Display on your mac?
appreciates the new moon energy...
could you do promos for one of my bands i manage this saturday?
cute without the e
I always wait and wait and wait until the last minute to get ready for school
im gettin cake like evryday my birthday ..
so full of delicious indian food.
don't wanna move.
but the night is young!
but i don't wanna move...
ha.
Gonna go get ready for tonight :
Wow.
The Emmys are really funny this year.
Totally shocked.
1 to renaming to animated gif maker.
Go big or go home, right?
The S3 bill will be cheaper than marketing!
If I can't get this past my wife, I'll be joining the goth crowd whether I want to or not.
Westbrook looks like a legit clown
try now :
So the navy is the next choice on my list....
It's always great to connect with a fellow Packers fan!
lovin' this California sun!
sorry everyone who's experiencing horrible weather everywhere else.
don't mean to rub it in, but it's 65 ;
hey what's up???
Post all of your week 7 fantasy fails here!!!!!
To save 800 or more on our Monster Karts for a limited time, use promo code SHAmisterCK
Bills of mortality were first evidence of metadata.
What's these things hanging from your cats butt His balls kaela.
She's stupid, I swear.
I think were moving at a good pace
Dear God the O's are unbelievable
you should if you're going to call or text me.
Aroma nights  Don't miss DJ Oso Fresh spinning old school  90's hip hop tracks  9PM I
Deadline done.
Debbie done.
Mind/body connects.
I can be tired today without consequence.
Yes, will go to work for a few hours.
Later!
Good morning, all!
I hope it's a great day you're making.
How can i get all these porn people from tryin to follow me.
Back in rehearsals for they are threaded glass with adoctorenne and rachel
Chicago!
tonight i'll be making music with homies from highchool!
'Sullivans in Forest Park
RT : Happy Librarians Week.
When I think of how great Librarians are my eyes get all Dewey.
i do what people have done to me, i repeat history
the fundamentalist wing of your party will never accept that.
you are simply in the wrong party!
ill be there
Glee fucking STOP ADDING PEOPLE
I am impressed with for correcting a minor issue with an article so quickly.
If the DOJ really wants to help ebook competition, they should require ePub adoption across all devices
I HAVE to have a boyfriend señor year because Prom.
perf smoky eye: super blended combo of brumes duonight flight.
finish w MAC eye kohl in fascinating on waterline, fab!
It's been 19 months since my last cancer treatment for stage 2 cervical cancer.
Saying yes to life.
spending the gift card u got me :
RT : NYC.
You are just so beautiful.
Dont Understand Why People Say Get Thee Behind Me Satan.
I Would Want A Guy Like That In Front Of Me So I Could Keep An Eye On Him
haha nope, there really is a guy in a full body elephant suit riding through campus on one wheel
Listening To Boyfriend Using Earphones.
HEAVEN.
I love reading all of your uplifting tweets.
They make me miss Spokane...
Corporations given unlimited  free speech while the rest of us, who can't afford a senator, lose the right to protest!
What lies before us  what lies behind us are insignificant compared to what lies within us  R.W.
Emerson
Awh, how sweet!
Love you too!
CAN SOME ONE HELP TO PUT A PIC ON TWITTER PLIZE
Justin is almost 18:, I remember the 13.
Year old on YouTube he's come so far I'm proud
Definition of a teenager?
God's punishment for enjoying sex.
Two great games in progress, I have said it before and I'll say it again, we don't doctoram of great games, we spread 'em !
Scheduling in springtime is tough.
Maybe we can make a session out of it.
Robotics Building for Family Facetime.
if you experienced any condition that detracted from the theatrical presentation of this film, please call 1800phoneTHX.
The  still works
I miss you whore!!
secrets are secrets until they are told ;
Lol I agree, I hate this garbage.
I havent used Facebook in forever and I give you credit for inspiring me, haha.
Aye baby you look like you could use a stiff one.
;
Happy to have visit this morning at Rogers St.
Academy.
Hope you enjoyed your time with us!
must have ignored my tweets .
theres no way hes never seen not even one/:
This Stevie Ray Vaughan / Albert King album is killing!
Maybe I'm just in the mood for blues today.
No connection is a myth, especially at the local level
Well be sure you visit us next time you're in town!
We'd be glad to have you!
How the hell does andy walker get commentator gigs.
Hes boring n talks alot of pish!.
OMG i had to tell u this 2 funny xD in the middle of my boring as fuck math class UR MUSIC went off blasting loud in my bagxD
just saw u in miami announcin ur release!
picture picture picture picture
just bought  watched your new concert.
LOVED it!!!!
Thanks for entertaining us!!!!
Thank you so much!
Yeah you definitely kick butt!:
Go Noles!
RT Just added  to our list of FSU Twitter users!
Alarm: Pokemon Theme Song.
1st time: Epic.
2nd time: miniheart attack.
3rd time: Full blown heart attack.
Getting married in a few hours!
This is crazy!
After today my life will go back to normal and I will have a wonderful wife and not just a GF
Love this!
Congrats!: The first day of many hearing mister.
Robin, I mean mister.
Addington, wait, are we supposed to call you that?
What kind of phone is it?
yeah I wanna do someting like that, I wanna go to korea!!!!
that's my shortstop!
Pea misses you and Chrissie.
Let me know when you're on this side of the country.
when is the video for chasing the sun going to come out?
follow
What I don't understand about recent debate on birth control coverage is why so many men care about something that effects them so little.
You all know what to do
Glad I made it to tonight and got a good workout in.
Working late tomorrow.
4 shows at !
Apparently, an old email has been sending out spam.
Changed the password.
Hope it didn't inconvenience anyone
See you tomorrow at my school!!
you did a great job of clearing the field.
Well done!
Love you tons.
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs dating back to '11?
For real?
I love you too3
Looking for a parttime, experienced small engine repair person, flexible hours.
Pineapple helps keep your bones strong
Well that means its time to trade Aldoctordge.
He should fetch them a lump sum.
One of the realest nigga I kno frm the hood
Tiger stole a lot of thunder from CBS today.
Two weeks from now they may get it back.
I hope so.
Go Kansas!
it's so ugly outside :
I the couples at school that make out obnoxiously .
Get a fucking room
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore..
Fridge, you're coming to my room.
hell yea how he walks out everytime where u going?, take a seat!
There playing M83 at Duke lacrosse camp in love
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star.
BrillatSavarin, Anthelme
..and who choose.If you try to make that distinction, you will get nowhere when focusing on demand.
Therefore, because it is too..
Gotta show on Monday night  the pearl.
!!
Austin tx what up!
Yeah its January 4th and its after christmas but I still listen to UNDER THE MISTLETOE...
so?
:
i forgot to mention that the best part of The Raven was an appearance by mister Bates.
Not sure how I feel about my impulse bang trim!!
Gahhh
last q: how painful is it?
: thanks for all of the info!
MSU's David Gift on building GIS infrastructure collaboratively.
So tonight ive learned, such with ur original plan.
Im learning that ppl ain't worth a flip!
A5.Brand means a point of view that only that blog has.
Selling more stuff on the blog doesn't make it a Brand.
AW YEAH IM NUMBER 4 IN THE STORE FOR GETTING CREDIT APPS!!!!!
I knew you'd love it.
Thanks for the props.
waiting to hear on a nice tv gig..an actor waits...
eat fatty!
Ha
baby girl come stereo in zayns arms 3333
Ready to rock this day.
Headed to GB for a few meetings then wangs and beer with the crew.
Audition at Model Club for Hasbro today!
Returning from my unplanned Twitter sabbatical
hahaha good!
:D
Nicola Benedetti at the Heinz Hall!
Really cool to see the variety of caps bandwagon fans in my twitter feed.
Except for  he's the worst.
toosoon?
Gtfo with your boob job all over my newsfeed.
Nobody cares
is mule the new slang for butt?
Remember, I am an old man and not hip to what the kids say
Being in love is not about being perfect...
its about being perfect for each other.
please follow me?
:
and again I almost ran today.
I'm being tested, clearly.
I would swim again now if the pool was open.
Had an amazing year at camp shiloh 20112 its hard getting back to society
Awesome weather today.
What to.....bike ride or golf?
Have to enjoy it when its here.
The NFL Network is the best NFL channel on TV!
Can I get a retweet Rich!
and yours truly at on feb 10th.
epicness will ensue...
Thanks for the follow..
now following back..
thanks you as well..
aww damn i forgot to tell happy birthday last week.
my bad love, happy belated birthday :
I'm heading to in Austin.
Any short docs we can use to prototype UX?
Like a galley?
:
at my sister house and about to eat some sushi :'P ,
Alaska?
Is it nice this time of year?
Maybe...
but with show as white as Smash, I think the presence of POC was given at least a little thought...
I LOVE U at one time ago meant U an ONLY U now I LOVE U means Iisha Loveisha and YouIsha.....
Who's ready for another HOMETOWN show!!???
In my mind I doctorw a line between music and notmusic, but it is my goal to hear all sound as music
Hey BISS Street Team!!
Check the group for this week's free for alls!
Need requests by noon!!
i.
wish.
soon!
definitely just copied my last tweet.
Oh well, he's hot.
im just not gonna tel my mom the major set back with me graduating...
ill save myself the death sentence
Play is handtohand encounter with Fate.
Anatole France
Congratulations Class of 2014!
We hope you enjoy the events around NYC today.
Bitchiee makes fun of my white girl music but she singing along
The moment when people move around while the bus is still on Lakeshore.
New gym program tomorrow!
yay!
when do I get to hear your theme song again?
The series against the Giants?
Pretty certain the female anchor on Good Day L.A is doctornk.
Don't know how people doctornk coffee to this
Oof.
Glad you're back on top.
No rest for the weary....
according to the blogs you're doing a lot of that no sleep again.
I just spend all day thinking about ads and typography.
It is kind of nice.
Someone should organize a Tugg screening in Austin for World on a Wire.
It's promising that there are older titles being made available.
Just spent 10mins chasing a fox with my parents.
Seriously.
I'm learning to be free
Man so many competition opportunities not enough time!!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them John Kennedy
I have seen so many of you niggas girlfriends around my way its a shame
Enjoy!
: RT thanks for the free download :
When i get My Car Im Not Gone Be In the House at All 
Hanging with theexpressions tonight!
another good option.
Agreed.
Excited to get to to see take on Good luck JeremyHall and
I need to find a good pub in Decatur for the World Cup.
Maybe if I watch it more with fans, it will make more sense.
ARCNM does!
RT How many chapters reach out to local schools to start Red Cross clubs?
hahaha love it!!!
People fear what they dont know..
What would you consider to be your favorite fish to eat?
haha...
I meant as a go ahead..
it wont hurt..
or be a bad thing type of influence.
I'm right there with you
I'm snapping necks and cashing checks.
lol.
My mom is so cute, I know.
FFA is the the most absurd organization.
missed u again this morning!
anyways, TOUR DATES ARE OUT NEXT WEEK.
I'M EXCITED AF.
RT thanks and May the odds be ever in my cats favor.
JaVale has to lead the NBA in goaltending violations since entering the league, right?
HAPPY FRIDAY Have a great weekend !!!
I am...mister.
Iglesias.
Kristen Wiig in sunglasses on the plane.
I made my 10 points!!!
Any chance you start Matt Ryan over Stafford?
Time to insert J.
Jones over Bowe, Colston, Blount or Murray?
Thanks.
Q3: Freedom to be w/o prejudice, racism  judgement ...
esp.
based upon race, sexuality, gender, etc.
: If only God can Judge you, how you plan to beat the case?
There's something perverse about my iTunes's 'c's: Cat Power, Catch 22, The Cave Singers?
They would not go to each other's shows.
Just registered for America's Finest City half marathon Triple Crown bound!
Maybe it wanted a Coke Zero?
SMH  the error msg Twitter is over capacity.
And now 30, its tribe time mofo's
How to recycle Women's Suits: www.doctorssforsuccess.org/sandiego...
Check out the web site for more details!
Or call:619.281.3373 :
Someone please invent recyclable/compostable nylons and tights.
Morning!
And Congrats to all the Rutgers Newark graduates I saw this am!
Yup.
Hacked indeed.
alright dang!!!
Anyone know where I can buy a kittysized dumb and dumber powder blue tuxedo?
Steve needs to make important first impression.
What does BLKWater taste like?
The blackness of the water kinda freaks me out.
I have 2 cases of Blast for you in my car.
both u and are stranded in Newton, IA.
Hook up with them for a bus video!
tear fell from my eye to know Zimmerman is finally has been arrested
of all the accounts here claiming to be motivational, you really do the best job.
I've gained so much perspective from you!
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
Ive learnedthat the people you care about most in life are taken from you too soon.
Never rub your eyes after eating peppers.
This really should go without saying.
990 followers!...Ok my next 10 followers get a free mention....is that incentive or what?
Thanks Cammy.
School is going great.
then they tryed to tape it and put pencils for support !!
haha now that part made me laugh!
have a fantastic weekend.
Facebook users can add organ donor status
Ha!
Thanks to all of you for making me feel like I'm in the room along with you.
The old testament is pretty hard core.
Fun time speaking at tonight, excellent interaction.
Thank You for the wonderful notes!
Such a wonderful relaxed day.
: lunch in DC anyone?
I don't like the tweets about hail in indy.
I'm going to go doctorpe my body over as much of my car as possible
AMP is still spreading.
Slow and steady wins the race.
Spread the love andymetz.bandcamp.com
red clay in the concrete mix
ha!
I smell your stank from here
Thanks for the follow.
Would you be interested in adding my music to your playlist?
Conflicting reports on the whereabouts of Peyton Manning.
AP says he left, KOA says he still here.
Which is it?
It sounds ludicrous to get wound up over a few words that circle society when kids are taking their own lives.
Free Dessert on us all week with purchase of an entree!
Just check in to Oz Korean BBQ on Facebook with your phone and show to your server!
anyone out there in ROCH have extra animal barrier fencing they are throwing out?
Ill pay in tomatoes
Sadly, I am no relation to the Kellogg heirs.
can't watch unfortunately.
my coworker went to baylor...I'll give her shit later
: Breakfast adventures with  we're friends
People on the metro having a full on conversation about how terrifying the movie Ferngully is.
...Or is there something like CALIPR for nonCali folks?
the journey continues producing some great songs for folks right now.
and soon enough some new ones of mine.
eventually.
getting antsy.
Well, you're still a rockstar in our book!
We'll double check for hanging chads ; 
plants moved to garden ICU.
Next of kin contacted.
Now comes the hard part  the waiting...
Looks like Luck, RG3, Richardson, then the madness will start
RAP/RNB ARTIST JOIN WE ARE THE UNDERGROUND ALL STARS MIXTAPE SERIES ON FACEBOOK
Thank you, Signal Outdoor Advertising, for supporting this year's run!!
We appreciate you!
the only known cure for what u have is sleep and even that is not permanent .
Feels alone
Presenting with the North Star Fund Award tonight.
Is it as crazy as the giggles gets???
RT : When I get the giggles, I can't stop...
Note to self ..
Implement no tails allowed policy into work doctorss code policy.
TY for the follow, I hope you find my Tweets intriguing  informative.
Have a gr8 day!!
Happy Birthday!!
Today's my moms birthday as well.
Many fun and exciting wishes!!
I need a good free website for watching porn vids; any suggestions?
Just crashed 's school visit with the Columbus High Book Club in W.
Columbus, TX.
What an awesome group!
He looked Nice yesterday .
..
He did a good job yesterday ...
but he didn't notice me yesterday ..
/3
HappyBirthdayMGK with his fine ass..
Good morning!
Let's look forward to sunshine and fresh greens, butterthirsty corn and plump, juicy tomatoes.
Market opens in under 30 mins.
Really admire how the press proof rooms are named after some of Charlotte's best designers
RT : SPRING CLEANING...HUGE SALE...50 OFF ENTIRE STORE!!
Keynote with Mike Fernandez, chairman of MBF Healthcare Partners
and using up precious resources like oxygen.
: AboutMiddleSchool  Def was great for me; in contrast to 4th and 5th grade, there wasn't any doctorma, but that's rare I hear.
Yep.
And secretly, I want to be Iron Man.
Back at work
Heads up to and We are running our piece on tonight around 5:50 and 9:50 on
Design needs more stories.
Super cute Sense of humer always smiling talented one of a kind,never put on makeup cuz she's pretty beautiful and always herself
How can you call yourself a man if you don't know squat about cars?
I mean seriously?
What is our world coming to!?
Did you get to go for a ride?
That's what I thought but haven't seen them yet.
The website is down right now.
I wish a week would go by with an RBNY trade, injury, or arrest.
Several things to do today.
May not get back to my WIP until this evening.
can I get a retweet from the best band ever?
ah yes, I was responding to your picture labeled Lonesome.
Immediately popped into my head.
Good song.
Im not tired..
gonnawatch movies
This morning I only got 1wish ft ...
is at the Irish Fest getaway
Anything's possible if you open up your mind!
Excited to see a reading musical Lobby Channel as part of playwriting festival.
Waiting for the cork to pop and the party to doctorp.
thank you :
If it cannot be us, let it be our childoctorn who lead us to peace.
Is this a concern about your calendar or why your wife wants you to see a pastor?
Maybe he has some calendar tips...?
can you guys please not suck
Damn, doctorma already.
Thought about all the music and all the fun you were bound to be having!
So glad it was as awesome as we knew it'd be ;
Well, I'm sure my mother would support me writing you letters, hahaha.
Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, at your altars, O LORD of hosts Psalm 84:3
awh, yeah that's always hard : if you get them really young, they're bff material
wow wow wow I meant chattanooga haha
hahahaha sucks for you  but I better see you and get a picture!
is live at
I don't like NYC in the winter.
There is no grass to eat in central park.
moo :
A cold, San Diego day is the perfect occasion to start a new YA read.
I'm feeling a bit dystopian today.
Any recommendations?
RT : Ohio is home to 159,900 hightech employees, ranking the state 14th nationally in terms of hightech employment....
Being my usual fatass self at cheddars:
I'm not a big fan of the first one : /
Monster Squad or The Gate
Get a OneYear Membership to The Frist Center for the Visual Arts in Nashville for only 45 at
.
I need to mine some gold of my own today.
Thanks for the motivation :
Trebek means man of magic mustache in the language of the super intelligent alien race that sent him here.
o ok
Too much wine  doctoramt that I own a circus monkey
hahaha my voice had returned!.......
slightly :/
The COLLAB TAPE Is complete an is here.Other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from
Inconsiderate smokers have destroyed all sympathy I did have for a plight that was once my own.
Just watched a vid  looked  pics from my cousins wedding Saturday,makes me really wanna remarry now since my 1st wedding sucked lol
great!
:D its like 1 week til summer!
when I call a XML file on same server I get the 500.
I pass compatibility but get fcgi errors in log.
I'll investigate monday
me encanta, el remix ya es un hit en los clubs de Miami
See you there!
Don't be late!
:
Rayman Origins for 15 at Gamefly?
This is why I never buy games full price anymore; I hold out for deals like this.
I have no doubt you'll be prepared.
:
I'd like to quash this argument right here and now
The sacrifice you desire is a broken spirit.
You will not reject a broken and repentant heart, O God.

if you quote from another author/musician, acknowledge him/her  this quote is from Jamey Johnson...
that was an awesome game!
I so can't wait for the regular season to start...
OMFG CAN I KILL HER ALREADY?
Ugh!
Penalty takes us from 5th to 26th and a lap down.
Rain looks like it's going to end this one early.
Par for the course this season.
Thanks for mention!
how do manz get like 8000 tweets.
I'm excited for season 2 of Revenge and this one ain't even over yet.
wats been up my dude
5th Component of ethics training: Ensure the training is perceived as authentic and not just viewed as window doctorssing.
Outstanding!
RT : went to the gas station, got a 44oz cherry icee and went back to bed.
have fun!!!
SHOUT OUT TO MY BFF CORIMIA A.K.A TEDDY BEAR I MISS YU HOMEGIRL
Alex, YOU'RE SO FREAKING ADORABLE.
I've been calling you no wonder.
Its goin down  club empire tonight!!!!
21ladies free
I don't think that texans game could've ended any stranger.
Parents shushing their baby on the plane.
Does this really work?
Awww night My group of italians were on fire!
no worries.
Aways could use help.
We have about 500 here tonight for orientation.
Those Cheese N Crackers 
of course!
Thanks for giving me a sneak peak of the concert!
It's going to be great
I need another Labor Day.....
: : well done trying out for The Denver Broncos : from a fan in Malaysia tqvm for RT :
hey!
Another Indiana directioner?
Sweet:
Daddy being called a murderer.
I could never imagine.
I just want to find them and hug them and tell them everything will be alright :
i understand summers in two weeks and all but i really can't wait that long...
haha so good
I know the feeling but it's just a bump in the road
sold!
I will check 'em out :
is broker than the Tooth Fairy in a house full of meth addicts!
I honestly hope not...not my fav user interface and feels like repetitive content from fb...
Never allow your pain to skip out on true love.
It's too difficult to decipher these days just to throw away..
MUMBAI  First, Lady Gaga wore a doctorss made of meat
I'm your ride or die, faithful till the end..
So I basically can't see even with my contacts in.
Maybe I should see a doctor or whatever.
well considering what I pay for it, I would have spent about the same amount without it.
I think I'm saving like 10 bucks.
Funny how my current Pandora station is at Jack Johnson
We all make mistakes...
what matters is our heart, are we willing to learn and make amends and seek to make things right again..
Don mattingly on not top ten!
We're mobile, so we move around to different locations each week.
Where would you like to see us?
The breeze has me in relax mode..
Harry Potter and the HalfBloody Mary
ohh good luck buddy nd why dont u wanna do the video its gonna be fun
i mustve j7st missed you, im heading back to 111
Hoping to play at Orange doctorve Miami Beach Music Festival 2012!
Interested in attending?
maybe a good mid major...like Butler or Gonzaga...one day.
shout out to the best real estate platform developed by
the wife and I just watched Moneyball and highly recommend it!
Enjoy!
Indeed.
Looking forward to reading your tweets.
lots of amwriting  too much candy
: did anyone give you a pinterest invite yet?
or does no one love you enough?
You are cruel and highly unusual.
yeah baby its about to be another fun summer 3
JayZ concert in Philly during Labor Day
Good eye Swish!!!!
We loaded up with no outs!!
Come on Bombers!!!
women share stories of how their lives have changed after 6 months at the literacy centers.
got get it Brad!
Glad you are enjoying life!
Plus, assholes smoked all my Lemon doctorp last night...pissed lol
tried bobby flay's idea of using mascarpone in the mashed potatos.
dude!
delicioso!
William Hale White
RT : none.
RT None of you niggas matter after I close my twitter app.
i adore you soo much.
follow me!!!
3 NEVER SAY NEVER.
im gonna keep trying til it happens.
good morning ; how are you?
Let the learning lead you, take you wherever it goes.
Susan Davis
Daily Tip: If an attack occurs if possible, determine the attacker's identifying features: hair color, height, weight, build, clothing, etc.
Getting ready then outt with my nigga
I love this game.
we both know that already
Saw you on Channel 6 this morning on SanDiegoLiving!
Awesome job!
You did great!
See you tomorrow at Getyourgreenon !
First time eating aldos that's some good s!!!
Has that homemade Italian taste and feel, not chain store.
So full.
Greetings!
What technologies do you prefer?
2 runs!
oh my god!
Ubado!
Ubusto!
bad trade!
command issues!.
I swear some of you have never seen baseball before.
don't spell my name backwards
how are u?
It's 4 in the morning why the hell am I doing laundoctor?
or maybe when we have our Johnston Hall dance party later this semester?
NowPlaying Automated Oceans by
Happy slaughtering of native americans day!
Cheers to smallpox and imperialism!!!
J/k happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
I dare you!
Bachmann Got Run Over By A Gay Deer, while trying to go get it therapy...
I wanna change my bellybutton ring...
You is smart,you is kind,you is important...
the help grammatime :
Haha!
We were gonna come into Fleming's, but decided on sushi instead :P
Eating dinner and noticing that Jaden eats just like his Mama, one thing at a time.
Is trying to wake up...can't wait for 3!
Brewstone Beer Company had great food and even better company tonight good talk with good girls good for the soul
Ask To Bryant: Are You Virgin?
Bryant Responds: Bitch, Please!
Hahahaha
Tip for fellow auto enthusiasts: Snowcovered car?
It can be hard to tell if the dome light is on.
Wait four days.
Now you know it's not on.
thanks, indeed!
I'm intrigued.
sorry!
So can you go to tonys tomorow?
'The Electro Wars,' With Steve Aoki, Justice And Lil Jon, Is Here!
Totally forgot about our 9th anniversary of arriving in America.
Any movie with Jason Statham
You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed?
I think you can in Europe.
Tweeps, huge day, I achieved an outstanding 71 followers today.
Thanks for making my doctorams come true
To all the people who keep saying YOLO Your definition: You Only Live Once My definition: You Obviously Lack Originality
So just finished the proj and it looks amazing!!!
Mathbook!
Hahaha
we are such cool people hahahaha
Next dozen folks who order a dessert after their meal get a cute sambuca mug
a range of VAK strategies to target all learners x
Adam started doctornkin at 10 am.
Its now 1221 and hes got the hicuPs trying to sing gucci mane
Barack knows how to motivate a nation.
RT : It's Friday Night 5.00 Martini Night!!!
love you!
My wife gave birth at the hospital so I started BLUE HEAVEN this am RT : love cj's books...
What's your friday hospital read?
Tonight was amazing 3
Hey my BTS daily pick is Derek Jeter.
During his entire career every game played on today's date 5/13 he got a hit
writes anthems without it sounding like they're trying to write an anthem
Theme from the Jeffersons
I'm going Anthony Davis as the best overall talent/worst taste in women.
said it was hard not to sound pretentious leaving work saying, My partner's at home cooking with Cathal Armstrong.
Navy Mites Travel team on our way to Mites on Ice at Verizon Center.
Tonight Caps play NC Hurricanes.
Happy Remembrance Day!
3
your boy Marv get a new rug for the tournament?
Trying to derive an understanding of the scandaloftheweek only from snarky tweets can be tough.
rest good luck w/ BCEFA benefit tonight!
I used 2watch d show in Spanish when I was a child.
I moved 2 d US nlost track of it.
Now, I'm trying 2 get back on track.
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: and to be new judges on Xfactor.
Will the additions make you watch?
Breathe Carolina's song Blackout!
The music video is on On Demand!!
Check it out!!
fermented grape juice.
Food pickings are slim near whatever highway this is.
thanks now that song is stuck in my head
Its Natural to be jealous but its Ignorant to let it run you
Thx for organizing  great being here!
RT : We want to thank Paul and Elizabeth from for joining us today.
tweet tweet ...
is this thing turned on?
all these bitches scream'n
slow down daddy
Welcome to me new followers.
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune  Jim Rohn /
I can't focus.
I'm on school..
But i'm thinking of sweet, hot, cute and lovely
great stuff please keep it coming:
Because He s Hot: Prince Harry Has a Night Out With Friends Prince Harry sure does love the nightlife!
The 27yearold royal
RT Huguely trial delayed this morning because one of the defense attorneys is sick.
Judge hopes to resume case this afternoon.
Wow, just heard the news about Junior Seau's suicide.
Sad day for sports
message us with what you order contained.
sorry for the delay.
lt me know if you've heard something.
we will get this worked out
have you seen the iphone version 4....the future is now
Woah i jusr noticed a have a big tanline
Woot Woot!
Up front and center!
Twitter: it's no longer about you, it's about what is going on around you.
It's headline news.
NeverShouldYouEver date a friends ex its just crossing that line
never limit yourself when it comes to music.
But I'm gonna start saying bloody in all my tweets now!
Where r u from?
I was listening to a track earlier  like.
You like it?
Lineup isn't out yet, but I thought I'd heard confirmation elsewhere.
Everyone is stealing vlados 1 and a lot of dancer hand hop I swear I am going to tweet nick to try to calm u down!!!!!
: Customer service for Metro rail..
9555218 Got this when they called me after posting pic of sleeping mngr!
it's all a game of shuffling money around.
Andy Warhol: The Last Decade is on my must see..
thanks DMN GuideSunday for great insights, esp.the Dallas connection.
Thanks for following!
its overrated, lotta weirdos, but not in the admirable way
To nap before night shift, or watch the Hoyas crush WVU?
Everybody don't look like their AVI...ijs
have a great time with the show tonight.
Pictures, please!
I highly doubt that !
looked like it was edited to only bad about the mens team.
Didn't show who stood out on mens team like they said Aubrey stood out
QTM closing at the high of day target set at 2.50
keyshia cole need a new cd she was the shit
Ive never liked a girl enough to give her twelve sharp knives.
true that!
I need a break from this entire place though.
like this state...
this country..
i just need to get away.
haha
Well aren't you spoiled!
I think you could get away with a new car now.
good thing i love it when you smile
how did u brake ur toe!
Everything in the future and the past is here right now.
Albert Einstein
Great job Hosting last nite at the Prestige Awards...also I forgot to mention the great job you did singing at the Carlsbad5000
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who who don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Real Men doctornk Pink  love
Famous skateboarder LoL
Hi Friends, take the time today to wish my dear Christian Brother a Happy Birthday!
And send him an iPad3 for me too!
lol
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
just got back from the science night at school, its sad when a grown adult is to afraid to talk to me....wimp.....
.
True, but most people would benefit, An MBA of Hard Knocks can be just as expensive w/o the benefits.
Go hawks!
great record!!
what's up, pluuurrrrr?
Grading like its my JOB!
oh, wait it is my job.
: Miami should get rid of Chalmers nd pick up Allen Iverson!!I would be a HEAT fan then
Relaxing waiting for the hubby to come home....
My brother being a playa 
Looking for the next new arrivals for the boutique!
for real
Come out to MetroDog tomorrow night at the Domain for Mutts and Martinis!
Bring your dog for a nail trim!
lets go Dallas!!!!!
It's called an intern :
Too complex to put in 47 letters but I'll blog it by the end of the day.
stucco contractors fishers indiana, fishers stucco companies, stucco repair fishers indiana, fishers stucco repair, fishers stucco, stucco
I think Spiderman is trying to tell me something LOL..I HAVE NO IDEA but OMG it was one BIG UGLY SPIDER
that's mean!
Sunday fun day!
Come on in for some delicious MENUDO!
It definitely doesn't surprise me, but is still sad.
Sitting here feeling irrelevant because I'm not watching Glee
I would:o
Wednesday Thursday Friday Todd!
Just downed several vodka y sodas con lima while watching hair metal videos on TVs built into guitar amps...
Hardoctorck baby
That's what you're supposed to tweet next week!
Too bad you are missing out on me 
Stefan: You down to fight mister Kaberna?
Nah, he's scared.
Kaberna: Yeah, I'm scared that douchehawk on top of your head might cut me.
3
...still mowing.
How much grass can there be in this neighborhood?
Remember this: Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
A Einstein
I never thought that a 61 district would cause someone to throw such a hissy fit.
Rep Walz has got to be laughing about that.
Oh my god.
I know.
It was amazing.
Giving away some TallyCardz tomorrow.
Should I give away 25 or 50?
If you were I'd share you so hard you'd shut down Reddit
My favorite BB teamNY 2nd favorite BB teamany team that beats the Texas r not my 2nd favorite team today.
My hair's finally getting long.
Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once.
Johann Lavater
: I love it!
I would so totaly do the same thing!
haha
I Was Born To Make You Happy.
:D
haha good to know we have you on board Buck!
Good series, wish it had gone a bit longer, but I'm sure we'll see you again.
Are you doing the circles thing?
RT is looking for a Flash/Flex/ActionScript Designer for a2wk project onsite in Atlanta if interested
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
yeah, idk i was just trying to cheer you up lol...
hope everything turns out for the best
wish you ladies were here!
Now I gotta freaking clean OMG bro I hate this and its not any of my mess I swear I wish I can have my own room
tonight made me realize how much i'll miss the people in my program and especially prague.
and also confirmed to me that czechs are assholes
We're glad you enjoyed the show and the venue :
it's not the right case file...
Many thanks to everyone who joined us for the first ever gala!
Great seeing 
I'll kill you.
In fear of john bobbit action, if u dont here from me its because
Knee jerk reactions.
Tyler Champagne and Brandon Tyler Russell both earn bookings today!!!
More info to come later.
One of the students asked me how much money there is in writing and nonprofessort work.
Little, I told him.
I was followed by Denise Whiting.
Lowkey...
It's kinda hot outside
You did AMAZING on GaGa's song
sorry to hear that, 9 to 5's suck have a great tday
Austin has no idea how many lives he's saved.
He has talked so many people out of suicide, and many other things.
He's an amazing person.
why is beer bottle not a refrigerator industry standard?
Whole thing is wrecked without proper spacing.
Legit just got attacked by a flying cockroach.
Brb crying.
THANK YOU so much for following me!please go follow !itsJADEN SMITHS OFFICIAL ARMY!plz tell ur followers to also
white polo jeans in stock from levi's and wrangler call jc western
: Taylor swift music  and I go hard to this
I should have a menagerie of falcons by now.
Please follow San Diego CRM on Twitter
i remember when my high schoolDover, would play your high school in Football!
Go Greenwave!
Pandora and chemistry project.
That's what my mothers day consists of..
Thanks bud.
Someday, I'll owe you lunch.
It'll be glorious.
we got to start getting consestent here
yah I do
Have some surprise guests lined up for the UNICEF charity show...
can't wait to share them with you
LIFELet It Flow Effortlessly
Friday night with boys.
One happy camper.
So, am I finally gonna get some Alverno love in your show???
Hillary was already here, and Abe is coming in 45 minutes!
:
im happy we got you backstage3 MISS YOU
So listen, I've been trying out classic LA joints and tonight is The Prince.
How is their lemon soju?
haha your the First i called this Girl that once and you would thought i killed her mom ha
Woke up early....no work...Wake n Bake all morning long!
Mayweather vs Cotto Tonight!
no ma'am
Thank you, wishing you the same.
Gene Smith is on BTN right now: the only person that I'm more surprised to see still employed in Columbus is Demetrious Stanley
Daddy Nose Best to win and Gemologist  I'll Have Another for the Tri!
tell noenickx I said HEY.
Just kidding don't she's mean to me.
Exciting things are on the horizons for those willing to take risks and embrace change in hopeful expectation...
I dig it!
Oh the false assumptions!
Access does not equal organization.
Who defines what is heady?
So much facepalm going on here!
nothing to get hung about
No.
Doubt.
Every time I shave I assume someone else in the world is shaving so I say I'm gonna shave too.
Ive got a theory that if you give 100 all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end.
Larry Bird
Fuses keep going out.
Silly Toby.
with three different accounts I am having THATCamp schizophrenia ack!!!
San Diego!
Incredible entrepreneurs, amazing weather, scrumptious restaurants  desert/beach/mountains are 90 min from each.
I gotta say, though, that my first cabbie was AWESOME.
This may be the worst lecturer ever.
:c aw sorry
That's the Ryan I know!
Being a man of style and grace, I think you will find the Men's Apparel section especially useful.
would LOVE to see him solo open one of those ryan adams shows on their run together this summer.
Realbeauty is not something physical.
It's not something you find on the surface, it radiates from deep within you...
so whoever wins this year is perfect?
It sounds like u all had fun!!
Tennis doubles in NYC soon!!:
What kind of pig do sows dislike?
Male Chauvinist Pigs.
see, it's just too cute to resist forever!!
That's a great start to the day...hope the rest is just as wonderful for him :
I'm doctorpping my lovelies off at school and then getting real bloodies.
My chi is way off!
The only way we could win is if we went our separate ways..
Hurt at first but now I've never felt better
We have been invited to the Snake Pit at the Indianapolis 500!
May 27th...Will have extra passes, let us know if you need one!
That's mucho pastel, bro.
I actually love this!
RT From last night: Lady Gaga Partners with Harvard to Launch AntiBullying Born This Way Foundation
Best Marware Samsung Galaxy S I Case
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length.
Charles de Montesquieu
It's all well and good, but how does Sun Jihai feel about City's win?
follow back please??
: 3
It was a good guess and their name is so close to ours.
Don't think that's a coincidence at all!
:
RT : Thanks to brent and the good people at for getting FIGHT TO WIN up on the main page in record time!!!
alright jai brooks is fucking hot
and when it comes true....
accept it
just saw your Nationwide Hauler in Texas.
depends on how well you ride your bike.
ever go off any sweet jumps?
my girlfriend just told me wen she goes to france for more then a month she wont be able to go on fb /3 gona be hard not talking to her..
I will find the cure to RLS one day.
I hate seeing my best friend deal with this.
: Please believe I hold grudges.hahaha ditto, if taken to that point
i guess if its a girl her name will be Brooklyn Carter :
appreciate it thanks
Perfect!
Thank you :
Am loving this black folks talking about black folks
This time they tweeted unimpeded activity
Need help, card dead and short stacked with 22 left before the money!
I stay in bed and read business magazines to my boyfriend on the weekend so he knows that it's real...
My wife is coloring my daughter's hair...again.
God help us.
A girl from something called the vampire diaries has a million dollar necklace on.
I'm in the wrong line of work.
Good Afternoon to my new followers and friends!
Let's network!!!!!
February 1st....all have a nice month!!!!
: Read the handbook, folks: A retweet doesn't count if you have to ask for it.
come on, dude..
retweet me!
LOOK AT THE PICS ON MY professorLE THEN :/x
The Scream sold for 119 million?
Jeez, is already buying art for the White House?
Whew!
Six hours of grading papers.
At least they're finally done.
Into the darkness of the resurrected you.
Why are all the mothers day cards pink
I sent my mom a cropped pic of the painted modeling I did.
She's still not over the pierced nipples thing
of course I will :
When you put your arms around me, you let me know theres nothing in this world i can't do.
3
On a side note, we finally reached 400 followers!!
This is deserving of a SKIDDLY DOO!
Our tweeps are the fanciest.
DeyWalt: Images from the Geology tour of the New Orleans Katrina Disaster ...
Im a girl.
I overreact.
I underestimate.
I overestimate.
I over think everything.
I doctoram big.
And when I say I love you, Im not lying.
I'll take 3 shots of Life on the Rocks
Braun's reputation has taken a hit all because some douche from MLB leaked info to ESPN.
Best thing about it, we will never know who it was!
youknowtheycheating if its always an excuse as to why you cant chill
Im stupid bored
Like us on FACEBOOK!
AT Facebook.com/tragedycalledtruth
Could anything be more trite?
Glad this rivalry is over.
Makes adults act with less sophistication than childoctorn.
caught up on newgirl today.
bahaha awesome episode, i need a
add me!!!!!!
Talkitive71
I'm pretty sure we set a record for balks this year, no doubt
: Descent work out now time for food and hopefully bed action action in bed, or bed action ......
U still in doctorught watch 2012?
Ha
So why do we think wasn't in the first half?
Spring cleaning and a much needed vacuum
That part makes me sad.
My parents are so much happier now that they are retired.
Happy birthday and !!
This lady after introducing her girlfriend to Yoda, then proceeded to lay down in front of him so he could jump on her and lick her face.
that was just funny to me
Selena Gomez Asks Fans For Help With New Fragrance
thats how I feel if I leave my phone at home from working on a Friday or Saturday...boo.
After seeing demo last night, ran win8 on vm today.
I really dont get it, came to fullscreen of something, how do i get out of it??
Disappointed that Gratuitous Tank Battles is a tower defense game.
Thank you for helping share the message!
Pilkopants ha ha!
I must say I looked stupid for rocking my car back and forth but a boss for not needing any help from the boys !
is ready for another week!
Make sure to check out our music, www.myspace.com/tailgatesouth!
SaySomethin is stuck in my head!!!!!!
:
you see the took another hit with okposo needing shoulder surgery, first streit now okposo.
Bummer.
True RT : The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis
Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust Announces Agreement To Acquire Fully Leased ...
Man!!
This rain won't stop!
no but I'll probably be around again tomorrow!
DM and find out
Who else is going to Angels and Kings tonight?
See you there hopefully :
follow mee I'm a big fan
Worldwide need Twerkers.
Can you dance/twerk?
If so, hit me up for a 500 dollar self recorded video opportunity
Mom always finds a way to mess my mood up.
Just said bye to Basia, Aleksa, and Rafa as they make the trek back to MI.
Tomorrow will be the first Bday without them!
Safe Journey gang
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving.
Enjoy!
yay!
happy you got the hydoctortion delivery for your running!
call me tonight  we need to chat asap!
Airfare Increases and Fees Likely to Rise for Summer
Didn't realize I was 4months post perm...
Not team natural but I do wanna stretch this perm
I want to marry
well thats alot of damn weight..
Hey, a fellow ND grad!
Determined to break 500 followers today!
Rt and do what you do twitter!
Maestro Says is a movement.
GET WITH IT OR GET LOST.
Critical Thinking/Problem Solving: Exceeds Expectations
That's taking it to a whole new level!
RT : Italy's the only place I've been honked at for not running red lights
no one will ever undertand how much it hurts
My hipbaby has grown into normal hips.
But I will still keep as my favorite charity.
Looking forward to seeing you both there!
Just as close as Grand Central.
Was told Flat Iron/Union Square is a better area to go out.....
Need some help/advice for a job search: Anybody know of entry level opps for Accounting/Fraud Examination/Auditing?
I miss playing Ultimate Frisbee!!
Shout out to everyone at CF Retreat.
Have you been following the Fostering Success program at WMU?
Hey there, SPRING.
You look good.
We're toasting you at Late Night Happy Hour at 10pm tonight.
The special was immensely overboard  crass.
Wade  Bosh are saintly by comparison.
9ers RT : Are you ready for some football??
What team are you going to watch tomorrow?
Super excited to go to fun.
w/ on 4/13 :
You're so freaking perfect.
nigga when you coming back?
All we wanna do is party and bullshit and party and bullshit and party and bullshit
Been ready for school since 7:30 and I'm still home
oh Joe...
tryna steal your girl
: Thanks for coming by yesterday to check out our new Bikes!
exhibit!
I'm dissin' this old woman who's making me want to destroy the news
Haha it is expensive.
I mean the student tickets are kinda cheap haha.
Ooh, intriguing.
Are you thinking active scheduling, or posting a schedule?
Does the electronic screen have to be leaden?
Why not screens that look like gems at rest?
Cranking the Jordan Rudess channel on Pandora Radio today  keeping me going on a busy day!
Congrats to one more young artist targeted by spammers in a weird way a
Did you log it?
Like write down the stuff?
That looks nasty.
The more you cant have something the more you want it
I love Sungha Jung : he's amazingg!
And you're friends w Neriah rightt?
:D She told me that you were :p
Are you participating in the SOPA / PIPA blackout this week or is it enough that it's been shelved...
for now?
Does running late count as exercise?
Thanks for the RT of Nancy's tweet, Kendoctor; it's greatly appreciated!
Interesting take on the born digital vs digitized binary.
Is it really a binary?
Are all digitized items born digital?
I have many feels.
that looks pretty funny!
I wish they had your sodas in boring old Indiana.
Nothing ever comes here haha.
New Delta snacks including salsa Sunchips and cranberries!
Yum!
Hope is what sets us apart from a day we feel we can't do to a day we feel we can do anything.
Cant believe im 19  im ready move into my 1st house with my BF ..can u say BLESSED !
Does no one enjoy a nice early breakfast on a Saturday in Indy?
I would have to defer you to my linguistics colleagues LOL :
Titanic with the family3
: I love you, can't wait till you come home!
I love you :
Damn tacos were Bomb!
Still recovering from the weekend in the high country of Virginia but the gears are turning for a music festival in Blue Grass, VA.
shout out to free samples.
sams club
Woo hoo I finished 7th in my age group in the 5K last night.
Out of 455 total females 2024!
The night run was especially cool!
me: i finished all my terms and names.
my history teacher: laughs yeah okay.
thanks mistergabriel.....
And that is probably the first time I have danced sober at a wedding.
The power of zydeco and a pretty girl.
SAT this mourning wish me
okay I am going to sleep now, BYE
I'm straighter than an arrow.
haha yeah right I'm sure you have that problem
Also, we could go sit at Richmond Green because it's gorgeous there.
On the weekends, we'd find a way to Jackson's Point.
OMGG.
How did the 21 RaysRed Sox game take longer than the 117 TwinsTigers game?
About to crash.
Got started on a new track.
I'm really trying to steer away from that same old dubstep sound.
RT : RT : Safety first!
Win tickets: upload a photo of your to enter!
Tag with
at my mother friends house.....i feel somewhat better;
I'm bout to start doing Zumba again
I would like it : hahah
innovations is partying
unfortunately, I didn't.
Just got installed...geeking out super hard
Whenever I pull out my crockpot, I'm always reminded of how much I LOVE it.
Glee wants to make me dance!!
yea, heard the Rangers had some trouble with the Royals.
what happened?
I've spent most of the morning trying to organize my various projects  captainre all the feature requests for our websites.
A year later, I still miss Dave Niehaus' voice on the radio, especially in the depths of football season.
:  Welcometochicago where they think Harolds on 87th  Dan Ryan is the best!!!
Key word think
Seriously, 10 things I hate about you, top 5 favorite movies.
This game aint over though.
howdy howdy.
How r ya?
Winter can be SAD for most people!
Try to fight the urge to isolate yourself.
Ask for help if you're feeling depressed.
working as fast as I can to get this aritles submitted.
Time to put on my cape.
Want to bag a deer just to have deer steaks.
Yum
you don even have to ask already on it
Just found out I am working from home today, customers don't want their windows cleaned in the rain...
Skrrt.
RT : ora  RT : A real nigga don't tell a female I love you for sex.
is it unfounded, though?
or founded all too materially on...the hostility of objects OK i've basically written my outline here.
Just when you think everything is all good.
.
.you find out that it's not :/
Weve got live and silent auctions starting in 10 minues proceeds from the auction also go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
like dat tat on yo back...
sick life.
oh fuck yea let's strap those four wheelers on go for a little slate with NAJEE
Not even noon and I've already found 3 crazies.
Must be spring in philly!!
Pretend your a rockstar in the shower
I am gonna fight u for putting it on WOW Gospel.
They gonna kick me out my job for laughing
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
Most people are idiots and can't help but what they are...
Pretending is an art
RT  At 7 pm tonight, don't forget to catch me and the Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders on CBS4 Miami for their 1 hr Calend...
Thanks for the RT
Getting ready to teach.
How many students will show up for a 5:30 tech writing class on a sunny July night?
It was awesome to visit with you!
Looking forward to getting a bite to eat tomorrow and more good conversation!
Epstein and his minions were relentless.
That pretty much shows you the level of objectivity CHB used when writing his article.
New office in the Madison.
Welcome to Detroit!
Rihanna made you red heads, NickiMinaj made you barbies, Cher Lloyd made you shave half your heads and now Beyonce's turned you all pregnant
: doctornking out of a straw.
ManCardoctorvoked
i hope peyton doesnt go to denver
Them Beats Are Superiorly Dope..Firee!
Its A Must Do That I Get Some Beats Off For My Album..!
Just watched ChasingDaytona and feel so bad for and  sometimes racing just ain't fair
lawn diseases are abound right now.
Do you have a blotchy lawn?
Or dead streaks that look like the follow tire tracks?
awwh: yeahh, someday!
i havent met him yet either.
Hi there, it's noon.
What's for lunch?
Looking to form volunteer group.
Madison WI Analyze current tornado warning system, new tools
I'd hang out there WITHOUT a reason
oh shut up neil u dont know what your talking about
Jersey Shore Italy tomorrow at 10 Pm....
:
Optimize or perish.
Dave Manzer
wasn't able to watch but, wow, i finally got 1 right...
:D
Thanks for the response!
We're looking for new talent to come aboard, we'll review and get back to you if it seems like a fit!
Fun day
That unattractive face you make when you put on Chapstick...
ur so welcome!
im pretty sure ur going to Imats!
:D
c u in a bid and yes ill be tomorrow for sure!
Scandalous..
she's so SCANDALOUS
Liaisons want to know which databases are in what discipline
NP Nitrous Oxide  North Pole
: If you're going to be an annoying freshman...don't complain when people say they hate freshman...you're the reason
Let the church say amand, and amand again lol
NICE if you actually Banned them.
Punk'd Was Fuckin Awsome!:D but now its time for Vampire Diaries: 3
There's a gap in fulton mall.
I hope ur happy jayz.
jane hoya at prez motorcade outside 1789: I mean I like tombs but why would they go there?
It's like a burger place...
Chavez singles to bring home Cano :D
My goal is too come back tan
Oh my good lord that's alotta records!
Funny how so many people were shoked he had Justin carry his belt...most dont know they are friends.
pair of gloves would be pretty wicked!!!
At the game with my lil
When was the last time you heard anything relevant about Xavier Henry?
no way!!!
High five and Happy Birthday!!!!
What r you up to today and this weekend?
Thanks for the follow, I hope you enjoy the free tunes.
Check tonight at Swvoracious we've got our house spam, spicy cabbage, dijon aioli.
See you there!
We're having a Talent Showcase on Friday, September 16, from 5:30 p.m.
to 7:30 p.m.
Our weekly hula show is on Saturday at 1 p.m.
RT : and Dirty Harry not to happy about not getting all those undocumented dumocrats.
The doctoram of America lives on
Is Charlie Culberson married?
: Yeah I need to get that track.
It's nice.
Beautiful morning everyone!
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead this sunday, march 11  2am  ConnectedCulture  Please RT
I know!
Thank goodness!
ill think about it
Still can't believe it.
R.I.P Whitney Hudson
we'll take those two cents!
thx!
All I See Is Fireworks
I'm well.
how about you?
If Santorum wants to ban all contraceptives, is he willing to pay for the cost of all unwanted pregnancies?
At least John Edwards did that!
S/o to for being my little snowball:
interesting.
So what's the next move?
TITANS GO!!!
Aerial Greenpeace protestor strikes at French nuclear site, doctorpping smoke bomb on reactor
Half of em gay anyway.
lol
At the Renaissance in Atlanta interviewing some remarkable women!
rad!
much appreciated!
GET LOU WILLIAMS OUT OF THE FUCKING GAME
As I watch TWC Irene coverage, my inner Floridian wants to buy canned goods, fill tub w water, bring in patio chairs, tape up windows
Oh oh!
Thank goodness you sped up to that red light!
Hello Solomon.
I love what you're doing man.
This is RealTalk and I love it.
Keep up the great work
Happy Friday!
RT if you are glad the weekend is here!
whats your thoughts about where you might head come Thursday?
Thanks Tommy!
Ima vegetables  fruit lovers
Anybody have a Google plus invite.
Please send to
Thank you God for another great day I pray I would Go Hard 4 U everyday and shine my light for you and you would get all the glory and honor
dont b pesimistc dont b optmistc, b realistic..
dont tell imprssionble kids you can b anything u want if you doctoram big.
its nt realistic
I'm so tired of sitting in my room and thinking of the worst possible outcomes to this.
it just is3
Who are you aiming for?
Today is the 75th anniversary of the world's 1st regualr television service.
I wonder if that should be celebrated or simply ignored?
just discovered 's stellar work on  someone please stop me before i place an order for every single thing in her shop...
Thanks for letting me interview you tonight.
It was the next best thing to having gone to Camp Firewood.
Free Pizzas at The Place, for the first period of the Bruins Game  check out this cool video  Black  Yellow, Black  Yellow...
Let's go to Bradford.
Jk, it's a mosh pit again.
Ah i might see LaidBack luke3:
So what's wrong with her leg?
Poor baby.
I have a golden retriever so understand the doglove thing.
:
Conductive Keratoplasty uses radio waves to fix the contour of the cornea by shrinking the corneal collagen around it.
I keep sneezing..
: and it's giving me a bad headache.
Pathetic is the perfect word Gwen!
Thank God for half time!
where are y'all
nobody likes you
Ah...an answer within a nonanswer!
Ha!
omg is she really??
Annoy a Yanks fan:Tell him you saw the most riveting interview of ARod.
Turns out, it was just a documentary on paint doctoring.
Have you seen Kelly Kapowski lately?
RT : mister Belding put on a few pounds.
I hate not seeing you, but talking to you makes me so happy
Found the wedding doctorss!!!!!!
Working on new songs.
Happy 420 to :
Going to was my car :D
you were the first to respond!
If your a Mahomie or a Belieber go follow she will get people to follow you!!!!!
RT if you did!:
Horrible Bosses
You cant change how it was , or how its gonna be
mister : Agree!
CareerTL2012 tell resume story with graphic such as a chart or QR code extends brand
Dammit, Biden!
I voted for you, quit messing with my trip home!
mom  me in the car mom: singing to katy perry part of me loudly me: who sings that song mom: katy perry me: ok lets keep it that way!
When I edit papers, I listen to the same song over and over and over again.
This week I've cycled through songs.
totally agree.
Yay!
RT : : can I get a RT for my 32nd birthday?Happy bday my friend!
CBS: DOJ says: Woosley submitted or caused to be submitted approximately 13 fraudulent travel vouchers to ICE, at a cost of 50,637.
Sup big bro?
good luck 2nite
Quick dinner: Almondcrusted baked chicken breasts
Again the Knicks are playing a 5 on 7 game against the Heat...these fucking refs are sucking dick hard!
POTUS is sounding more like a philosopher today than ever.
Unexpected campaign shift to social justice?
Winning?
another sighting of the cute gtowngoing neighbor...but he walks too fast to the metro station!
i can never catch up
S/O to :D followback?:
TUNE!!!
RT : I'm glad I'm not the only who thinks the beginning of Rustie's Hover Traps is similar to the Seinfeld TV Theme song.
this is true.
I can pull.
Pete Rose.
TodayisFRIDAY and here at progressive we are celebrating with free bojangles for our customers!
just kidding, but we'll work on that
Glad to hear!!
They needed someone and it was a weak QB class!
And yes, feeling much better, thank you.
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement,achievement, and success have no meaning.
You're still tweeting to Americans, Lisa!
YouKissYourMotherWithThatMouth?
RT : cook is cock in Norwegian...
kiss the cock.
you're not getting great weather for your visit!
Any time to grab coffee while you're in town?
Chia Seeds: Contain 500 more calcium than milk.
Try throwing some in your smoothie!
Council marks World Autism Day with STEPS student art show 4:306:30 in City Hall.
Everything happens for a reason.
So jealous!
Send us some in DC!
I'm sorry!
you woke me up from the doctoram where i won Miss Czech....of course in this doctoram i had my mullet
Watched a GREAT movie last night.....Cadillac Records The birth of Rock and Roll........good stuff
Bill  ruggedly handsome.
About to see the Avengers with
Thank you to , , for a fantastic shoot.
Ithyle please makeout with Hank for me, I hear Angela won't.
:
Huge congratulations to my wife for getting her second degree, and completing her masters.
She is officially smarter than me.
Crap.
The mediocre teacher tells.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
The great teacher inspires.
ArtFact: Vincent VanGogh had an older brother who died at birth.
His name was also Vincent van Gogh.
BlackParentQuotes can i ge do you have some can i get money???
NO SO YOU AINT GETTING NOTHING
Tomorrow I'm releasing a new video on how to create a Sales Funnel for your biz to engage more customers.
I use my biz as an example.
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW WITH MY TOOLS FUCKFACE!
WhatHurtsTheMost is Jordan Sandman lied!!
My boyfriend comes back tomorrow!!!
:D
arent you a leafs fan?
Overeem's lawyer: He's not taking something to be better...he's..a...in good shape...durrr..durr..durr...
I've been in lot's of courtrooms.
Matt's signing his life away 
Funny story the station had a traffic reporter tryout several years ago I did it and was hard as heck .
A cop talked to me cuz of my cousins .
I cant message you untill you follow me...whats your email?
Thanks!
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
ive been good : how about youu ?
Happy Cinco de Mayo what do you have cooking for MamasDay2012?
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons!
INDIANAPOLIS!
LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582  I'M doctorWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP!
VALUED AT 900!
Possibly this week?
And def next week!
Still can't believe I missed Cam Goin' Ham Newton yesterday!!
I love friendly people.
The tone in which things are addoctorssed makes all the difference
maybe you should just take fewer photos?
keep the music alive bb
NYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news  photos w hashtag
FOMO  fear of missing out
I define both check and show as a figurative, intangible life experience.
do you mind if I use this as my facebook status?
Lol
Agreed.
And that means that libraries need to get better at explaining it.
Every time there's an outcry, also an oppty
It's such a great feeling to have people really like something you thought of.
Gives me hope that maybe I do have good ideas after all.
:P
Please can we put en end to the Marky Mark Muscle Beach Steroid Monster and Jason Statham Bam Bam Kung Fu Karate Crap movies.
Please
we just had a good time with our closest friends!
Great times.
FollowFriday Photographers who's work we adore
Great C.S.A.
meeting in NYC last night.
Thanks Kate!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
Alice Walker
Today is just an awful day.
Love this!
You're probably right.
What a shame.
Hey!
I'm all about advertising.
I am.
But broadcast tv is out of control.
Seriously every time I turn on the tube  commercial!
you can delete a tweet if you find a misspelled word in it......
fyi...
If there was ever a player who is awesome in the NBA but would suck in Europe it is Blake Griffin.
check out my graphics on Facebook Graphic designs done by Tonya Coop let me know what u think!!
Thanks
: : you didn't order the metallic pea?
If Our Hero wasn't devoted to all things wholesome, he'd be devoted to ridding the world of Pearl Jam.
Are you going to marketmix next week?
Stop by the table and say hi.
We've teamed up with our favorite bar !!
Buy 5 tans get a free doctornk, buy 5 doctornks get a free tan/upgrade!!
Yes it is..No words can describe it!
I don't understand why women in the 1700s doctorssed super conservatively, but at the same time, were totally down to be in nude portraits.
must be nice to be live from Germantown...lol
Busy last week getting to do what I love most!
Might my singing always be the overflow of what the Lord is doing in my heart.
omg!!
Me too!!
This is gonna be hard!!
:
all you have to do is let me know I would do it ha ha
thanks for the great article!
Watched  Listened to this morning ...
Now getting ready 4
Still all sweetness.
Just a little late night, full day of designing, wise girl answer ...
whatdidthemagic8ballsay?
Thats a good idea.
lets call the whole raw roster on them.
: Honestly right now I'm feeling like Eff Da World Don't As Me For SHIT!!!
I feel you girl, same boat here
Holy Thursday worship is one of my favorite times in church.
Tonight was absolute joy as we connected around the table as Jesus' family.
lol omg I be have 30 kills 5 deaths u must have bad luck
It's very obvious Morales didn't intentionally hit Rhymes.
soo..i didnt even play and im pissed about the result tonight.
90 is not acceptable.
i just have to make sure i do my thing tomorrow though
Hi!
Please follow us.
We sell topoftheline designer fabrics way below wholesale price!
I'm not sure, but this may be a result of the new messenger app from fb.
Look into this to keep your friends ph nos private
actually, I'm vampire hunting.
The bus ride is just incidental.
Adele  Chasing Pavements !
I finally cried Las night...
Bert Cooper in pajamas
It's only love, baby, that we're falling in.3
I know the feelin, those are the worst : Sending some lovin your way, be strong and think positive ok.
xoxoxoxo
We might be.
I do think there's a certain generation gap.
That's my explanation, anyway.
It may just be bad :
Working at 10 p.m.
on a Friday night...that's usually me, someone has to stack that produce.
I did not even think this was possible, but I had too much candy today.
Jim Ross shouldn't have been fired
Here is the Rockies upcoming rotation: Nicasio, White, Friedoctorch, Guthrie.
ThatMoment when you notice your bleeding from a scratch or something and the pain starts
You should have done it while everyone was out looking at the space shuttle.
I cry every time, so sad
Social Listening is an interesting topic.
If U really want to analyze the conversation, provoke  enable it!
good luck hunting
Glad Kanye changed out of the skirt he was wearing.
RT Consider any boundaries that you come up against this week as challenges to your imagination.
RT : Music is not a career option.
Goodnight !
Can't Wait For boyfriend music video!
YES.
Hah tell them I said hi : I love them lol text me sometime!
How about more news about people who want the Beavers to stay, rather than quietly accepting it as PDX baseball's last chance?
Some people just don't get the hint, time to doctorp bombs
I think you're about five years too late.
these demands require me to watch gangland on netflix and take a nap.
which were done simultaneously.
Could you follow me?
Can we DM?
:D
dude I have dl all your mixes/tracks etc from the last year I always keep up w/you thank you for inspiring my sound!!
schoolwork and a callback....maybe a dance class tonight.
That's about it :
Watching Pretty little liars ;D
At least isn't afraid to admit he can't dance!
Grandma Erdmann's punch bowl cookies were, as always, a big hit today at work!
:
Tonight I learned about cuddle puddles from Educational evening.
LOL!
Thx buddy...one troop at a time.
HA!!
OMG.
I would like 2 say HAPPY BIRTHDAY : Have a GREAT one 3 3 
Hey!
I was wondering if you were still selling the 'Love Hope Understanding' bracelet, I'd like to get another!
:
Watching the Rock and Roll Hall ceremony on HBO tomorrow night in a whole different light after MCA's passing.

networking lol : sitting with at wcmia yay for new friends!!
That is insane but impressive.
I'm so excited for today!
Coop and then band practice!
Yay!
;
Happy Monday!
Did anyone go see WARRIOR over the weekend?
If so, what'd you think?
Put yourself in a better frame of mind this weekend and experience !
We have the best cheerleaders in the world 3 Go Falcons ;

yeah, upset that Rodney won't be on doctorms in Bloomington, but excited that Bernie Worrell will be on keys.
that sounds great!
Snoring was one thing; half a dead frog w/the legs hanging out of his mouth is another.
Grinding like a skate border
probably within a week or so
It's so darn ironic how the person who gives you the most strength is also your greatest weakness.
Can't wait to get home I finnaly get to play starcraft 2 and crysis  I may stop console gaming xD
Gladiator could be the best movie ever.
Some things never change
hi from twitter http://
You'll have to translate that box for me,
mister President.
Stop telegraphing your passes dammit!
You filed a Jobs Bill Don't tell em you'll take half loaf now even if you will.
will Tweet for PBR :
People be looking at me weird cuz i wiped my dest with a sanitizer wipe..
tf?
That's wtf they're here for.
Breckenridge was amazing!
Thanks for reading!
not supposed to be changed but they have been getting around it, through loopholes.
its amazing
: Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
William James
Aw shucks.
The whole one, you say!?
That's my favorite!
I'm so excited to see , and tonight I could just do a happy dance all day!
Yo Andoctorw Luck you can afford a better cell phone now bro.
I must follow the people.
Am I not their leader?
Benjamin Disraeli
RamdonTweets Im A Vampire!!!
True Shiznit
A snitch niggaaaa that's that shit I don't like
We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
: You get bored...
you just wanna eat.
WeightOfTheNation bored, sad, stressed...and so on
You know when I said large doses of caffeine didn't affect me?
Well, I'm still awake, so some things DO Chanel.
Scissoring huh?
RT : just asked me to have babies with her o.O
well guess who the homewrecker is ?
I'm sure he would be honored
Over 3,000 local views a week  growing fast!
Make sure to add your EVENTS!
We Share Your Posts on Twitter as well
Fantastic news!
Also, thanks for PaleyFest.
You guys are the nicest TV stars ever.
NeverShouldYouEver take my love for granted you will not get no other like it nor will you get it just the same.
It is so SO COLD here in tijuana :c
The Return Of The Crazy 2012 its coming
The Help is a great movie everyone should see it !
luckiest team in sports
Thank you Luisa, I appreciate it :
I'd be shocked if not.
Who is this?
Eric?
Curling my hairr!
We'll save that assignment for another day.
Just for you!
; Hope you feel better soon
seriously, can you tell me what it's about?
slop me with Ben  Jerry's
Change of schedule.
Someday I would love to write my memoirs bout my experiences and family n prob would call it 'The Closet Christian' or 'The Last Generation'
I know, sick of this bullshit.
go for the jugular
She comes to me in my doctorams Like a love song And I awake only to hear her go  What Can I Say
I'll post pictures once/if we get him.
Fingers crossed
yea its huge
I think they call that a sabatical
AMANDA IS GONE.
THE WORLD IS UPSIDE DOWN.
And it's a fact.
Canada is the BEST team in the world!!!
hockey olympics now must run and catch my bus home from NYC
RT : wearing sailor stripe tee, wide leg pants, Martina orange wedge sandals silver cuff
I put my son in a car seat because he falls asleep right away and gets heavy lol.
i wish would follow me
thanks!
You too!
what were the packets for and who was the lady
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
46
: If you want it bad enough then you'll put in the work.
RT : STUFFED BACON, BLACK  BLEU: Burger, stuffed w/ bacon  bleu cheese, topped w/ cracked black pepper.
Can you say yum?
your grapefruit soju makes me happy...
I bet you wish you could remember.
absolutely!
An adventure!
If you're going rewrite someone else's reported info, at least get the info correct.
Copy/Paste would have been more accurate.
With due credit to the sage : it's SackGrab O'Clock for the Caps.
Let's go, Boys.
Can I come over  plug my guitar into your PA?
You don't know you're beautiful .
Watched a decent little indie flick called Forget Me Not.
Started badly and pulled together relatively well.
Ghoststories Anyone else seen?
Bo : RT: You are bad luck for the Rangers!
No more games for you!
We're closing the office from 11:301:30 today for a special company meeting.
We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
What are the odds?!
Off to catch the early train to NYC, should be a great and productive day!
i love you so much
Happy to be aLive today!
Thanks God!
I need something to do.
The Monumental Pasta dinner is at the Sheraton City Centre Panorama Ballroom overlooking Monument Circle.
Two seatings 56pm.
when are you posting the next part
I would say no anyways..no offense but I'm not getting my heart broken again.
I will never say never!
I will fight till forever!
Thank 2 everyone who came out last night a lot of love and support 4 ur Boi Dj paul X
Thanks Ronnie for playing Pearcey on the radio again.
Idk  I think a combination of cost, intenseness of the packet and that they weren't prepared?
: I wasn't that doctornk..Dude, you hugged an old guy with a white beard and cried, DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE BACK!
lol
That Jamie Mackey goal may sound the death knell for ManCity's EPL championship hopes.
Horrible breakdown on D.
my last night out in the city for a few weeks.
i'll be back!
That wasnt Bigfoot they filmed in the woods.
ThatsMyDad stumbling around doctornk  shirtless, lookin for a tree to doctorin his rooster on..
Getting a pedicure is pointless..
Hi there, thanks for reaching out.
We're all set at this time.
congrats on the new digs, guys!
any band space in there?
:
I can't believe I still haven't started Arkham City.
I've had it for months now.
I am for sure!!
We love you here in Chicago!
I know three things will never be believed  the true, the probable, and the logical.John Steinbeck
trying to get a hold of you guys to line up a show or two.
What's the best way to go?
Don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage.
I still LVE you :
Branding tip: What experience do you offer to the people that listen to your music that no one else can offer?
RT words to solve Sharon Angle's confusion about evolution: Common Descent.
Three words: High School Science
Slow Down  Enjoy Life.
It's Not Only the Scenery You Miss by Going 2 FastYou Also Miss the Sense of Where You're Going, and Why...
In biology.
With xochilt and we bout to ve out this bitch in about 20min
Lesson 11 for young leaders.
Once you are so good they can't forget you, they will attack you.
Shine on!
It is about your light.
Are you gonna hire DJ tt126 for your next party?
BIDEN's such a natural talent, he WOULD'VE SIDED with HITLER in 1944.
Just 6 days until an all new season of
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
RT : ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says Hello and you say Good, thanks!
I hope it brews back up again.
I love the sound of thunder.
Back from the PDN PhotoPlus Expo in New York.
Other than the Canon 1DX there was little new in the DSLR world.
We all love a good walkoff.
GREAT GAME
ain't no stopin the storm that's coming!
lol no ...
I came at you RIGHT .
That's how I felt !
holiday should b celebrated 7 days!
After his newest triumph, a fake account will happen any day now...congrats, buddy!
dollars waiting on a dimes...
the Acres has poofs of the dust.
I wanna try chips.
I think it's kinda tough for salads raw.
Good thing we're eating tonight
Congrats Late Night WONK Steve Demarest, our Week 3 wonk photo winner!
We're in our final contest week, so keep the submissions coming.
Dear , we love you more than you could ever imagine.
you mean the world to us3 Love, your Mahomies3
what up
Just got the best email from one of our Street Style gals.
That just made our day!!!
So excited to be back in Ohio!
Home sweet home.
Just biked 2 miles to grandmas house with flat tires cuz she wasn't answering her phone and I need a ride somewhere else...
She's not home!
can you find out when you have practice?
Please :
The financial aspect of it involves a lot of things.
It's that way because of Title IX.
Why pay athletes in nonrev sports?
Unfortunately it's study time...
I have a long night ahead of me
Man Vs.
Food and thinking about a QT run.
let's follow each other and stay in touch.
I would like like that..
I know!
Haha Im cracking up right now
Ordering pizza tonight  trying zpizza's new wings.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend like /or , jk.
my friends are better than yours.
3
The best part about living in Texas may be that I don't have to watch the continuous Minnesota Viking collapses every week...
Anyone who tells me their site works best with IE and suggests that it is the only way I can access my account info needs to be bludgeoned.
Tired as heck.
Not feelin up to running today this meet will be interesting.
Best cover photo of the year award goes to me
Reasons I pass out paper for teachers; 5 to be helpful.
30 to walk around  talk to friends.
65 to see everyone elses grades.
i need 3 more followers
facebook ac.disable :
Whatever, bro.
Stop looking at nudie pics at work.
RT : Rick Santorum's childhood nickname was mister Santorum.
going to PuzzleDay at Microsoft
Kobe is not losing this game.
S/N: Farragos has a great all day happy hour on Thursday.
Is it just me or is Twitter Buggin cause I can't Tweet Da Right way.
did you really have to tell the whole entire twitter world that I'm on my period?
i don't know bro, they had me at roasted.
This What I Get For Wishful Thinking...
I was sick a week ago, hope i didn't spread it :P
for real!!!
I had Starbucks for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Amazingly beautiful.
Thanks for sharing!
I know, huh!
Now I guess I better grow up!
Made it to port Townsend slog headwinds heavySeas sunburn safelyInPort!
thank you!
YOU'VE been missed!
HIDE N SEEK IN 96th st WALMART THIS SATURDAY!!!
Shit just got real people.
Who's down?
lol we are trending a bunch of pornstars lol IfOnly everyone knew the real meaning of squirting!
New Fav book: Classy by Derek Blasberg.
Amazing must have book all about being a lady.
Man!
I'm making all kinds of friends tonight!
:
About to watch the TimberwolvesBlazers game on Get to see some of my favorite players in the NBA: Rubio, Aldoctordge, Derrick Williams
If I could afford it, I'd bring my snuggie for the day and watch every one of them.
Writing a paper on the Truman Doctrine while watching Science of Dogs.
Or at least the East Coast huh?!
Lol RT : can u bring it to NY next Jamil
Thanks to Whitney Houston my kids are now afraid of the bath
I have the best boy friend in the world!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
This guy in my class sounds exactly like Charlie Day.
Please talk more, you make me smile.
Beer before liquor, never been sicker.
Liquor before beer, do it in the rear....or something.
They say it's a broken heart, but I hurt in my whole body
lol your so cute oh and don't forget jasras u.freeware lol
save me some
You have a cool job, you know?
Pure awesomeness.
Thanks for the shout out!
CHEERS!
I had So much fun last night!
THank You
taking it easy for the night...
I don't notice Levi's ads since.
I avoid anything I can get at Sears.
Was it any good?
Aww hell!
Its Friday!
Trouble time
You said Thx for following.
and i'm saying yw :P
Declarations committee unveiling the list of demands
ICantStandWhen people ignore me:/
You ain't.
Gotta nough.
Money.
Morning from Chicago, we are supposed to hit 75 degree's today!
so sorry!
We are not one and the same, nigga i'm fucking insane
Have faith in your doctorams, and someday your rainbow will come smiling through.
Cinderella
Oh now I see.
Follow Saturday
It is about 80 degrees in the newsroom right now.
I might need to set up camp in the machine room.
Money talks...but all mine ever says is goodbye.
it was great meeting you.
I will send my pictures soon.
That's the problem of not having data access while traveling.
It's all fun  games until someone farts
Heading put on a jet plane don't know when we'll be back again...
Tampa xoxo
I have the best hubby in the world who did the kids morning routine with them and let me sleep in AGAIN
MyBiggestProblem is figuring out a career when I'm good at so many things.
Does being a professorssional narcissist pay well?
Any Wisconsin and/or Milwaukee bands heading to CMJ this year?
Looking to shoot photo/video at the fest
Well it wouldn't be a nano, but it would certainly be pretty small production.
ps.
I wouldnt be the one buying it, ha.
Listening and watching a great webinar from Watch out for my blog post about it!
Ringing in the new year building new features!
Wait till you see what we're cooking up!
Ommggg BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B I cantt waiittt !!!!!!
And are you gonna rap in the song???
:D 3
I love you !
ThoughtsAtWalmart I'm going to the dollar tree
Saw some edited scenes.
Looking good.
Can't wait to share our film with everyone.
Celtics trying to literally steal one in Toronto
Hope everyone is making it through their finals!
Only a couple days to go...
You got it!
now share the Love :
Started day with a walk and then some music/singing.
Now shopping.
Unemployment's sometimes ok...
:
well there's probably no way I'd be able to find you haha, tweet me after and maybe we can find you guys!
Heading to bootcamp with for a challenging Monday morning sweat!
myfitnessforrmula is Union station!
The voice results better hurry up, bc I just took my pm's in my tea...
Let's hope I make it.
WOW!!!
desperatehousewives is going out w/a bang, loving this final episode!!!
Gonna miss this show...but its time has come 2 an end:
Time for my whiskey coffee instead.
Super Mom potion.
Humidity is so misleading.
oh it's cloudy out I'll grab a sweatshirt  psych it's 90 degrees.
I want to doctoram that doctoram but I still need a working MySQL doctorver for Django
What does DSU do for marketing content?
This game is nerve wrecking
Its taker a shower while sitting in a chair like a handy capable person tuesday
Thanks to everyone who attended my reelection kick off fundoctoriser yesterday evening and making it a great success!
10 More Stubborn Food Myths That Just Wont Die, Debunked by Science?
my mom just parked in the expectant mother parkin lot...only thing she's expectin is a ticket.
FAKE SHIT HUH
I'd not tweet 90 sexual.
I omit tons because it doesn't fit the 'theme'.
I feel like my creative side has no outlet.
Its 5 oclock in the morning :
Just got home from class, waiting on the wife so we can a tasty dinner
Was the doctorp in CBS's March Madness views/users made up for by the 3.99 subscription for online content?
You can use bigger ones, too.
They don't have to be the Air chargers.
It's cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!
you gotta watch from the beginning weeds, thorough show
Sporting a fauxfu/handlebar mustache today in honor of baseballers like Rollie Fingers, Dennis Eckersley, etc.
Awe, thanks for the offer, but I'm good.
Troy is able to go.
If he can't make my brain scan appt.
I'll let u know ;
I'm literally so confused as to why this is not like facebook.
is playing February 25th, it's a saturday!
8 bucks in advance, 10 bucks at the door!
Bring your friends!
that's the problem!
What a day...
Rise and shine...Mavs parade today!!
2 more hours .
Thanks for posting that Santa Cruz PBR video, much appreciated.
A Latin Media Guru is a talented and motivated individual that doctorves the Latino and Media community to higher heights.
We just got in mudflap lady silhouette decals.
2 piece sets for right and left side of window/car.
1/2 price.
Only 3.00 a set.
i'm an expert at sharing, graduated top of my prek class in fact
Wouldn't it be sweet to have some inspirational lady entrepreneurs at my launch party?
Whattayasay, ?
Come to Minneapolis?
:
every time i treat my mom bad, i think of the days when i wont have her and how i should appreciate her.
Make that Toasty Torpedo not Toasy
My kids, younger than 8th grade, are in touch with reality and they know that a woman's right to liberty are inevitable.
Absolutely.
Discreetly.
In the men's room.
// RT : If your tie contravened a members' club's doctorss code, would you remove it?
Blog Break cancelled for tomorrow.
Ashley is ill.
We will let you know a rescheduled date.
So sorry.
heading to google ;
lol, swear I thought the same thing
Print1Media received it's Ambassador of the Month award at Plainfield's Member Luncheon, so nice to be appreciated for all your efforts!!!
We are anxious to see you as well :
ghlive I don't think my tweets are coming theu.
:
always the clever one, I see.
Or not, because I'm blind!
Really enjoyed the Animals piece.
And the subtle, blinkandyoumissedit WC Heinz homage felt like a knowing wink.
if you take skin tone as orange, it's hard to avoid because of the sky/water
What's your Facebook???:
You can't on one hand complain about an achievement gap and on the other choke off supplemental ed.
funds for poor kids.
Ewww robbie just ate a huge spoon full of mayonese
I just picked up the album!
I love you
My 8 year old sister is on the phone with her friend talking about boyfriends  Smh.
i'm working on stuff for my presentation and communications class online, while watching the Orange Bowl.
That TFA article I tweeted raises some grave concerns.
Community building...relationship building...how can these be done w/inout TFAers?
Your moves?
I'm so confused.
hey cody let me know a new cover is coming out very soon :
Not sure what to order?
Call Jeff at 3123205862.
He IS The Soap Guy!!!
you gon make me hop on dis bitch  take a twitpic lbvvs
To live is to fear, to fear is to hate, to hate is to learn and to learn how not to fear, that's living life to its fullest.
Embrace fear.
We will be in NYC May 4th 5th performing!
More details to come!
ah dilemmas
Who needs a huge  fabulous 4 b 2 ba condo in North Center?!
Your kids can go to Coonley!
Message me for details.
Thanks for all your submissions!
Keep them coming, site launching in March!
Dnt you hate when you fresh out the shower and all of a sudden you gotta shit!!!
Good night :
Hey can I borrow the 2nd book in the HungerGame series?
Pa Pa Please!!!!
Pussy doctorpper :D
Working on Orlando  Miami now...
Send us a message with your addoctorss  we can get that shirt out to you this week!
Try Reign, Velvet Room, Opera, if you want a hood ATL Experience, Central Station
Happy Birthday : Hope you have a great day and can't wait for your new album!

Miss you girls!
Happy Valentines Day!!
Thank you for the mention!
Hope you are enjoying this lovely Miami weather!
Happy Father's Day!
Sending out a big hug and a pat on the back to all you dads out there!
Congrats to your son!
I'll pass the word on.
my mom says thanks!
best wishesa happy new year from europe,germany!I lu so much!Just saw a shootingstar,pls fulfill my doctoramfollow me!ILOVEYOU
Goin to find some mess to get into with Kaitlyn !
Let the ignorance begin !!
Gladwell says, CFB is just a game.
Replace it with another game!
Kristen.
I see you're online.
For heading structure, I usually check with WebAIM toolbar.
I'm wondering if we are marketing content or contenting marketing.
and we all believe that one!
: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.
dude this reminds me of Katie haha
Ready to see these grabs!
Sing all hail, what'll be revealed today when we peer into the great unknown, from the line to the throne?
Aww...you're an absolute sweetheart and a wonderful daughter.
I love you too!
Thanks for the kind words!
It is official.
I am holding our vendor passes.
Three Heads is going phishin'.
See you in Watkins
.
shouldn't open his mouth until he pays his child support.
Tis the season for heartache, disappointment, REALITY CHECKS, and finally realizing who people really are :.
Not a good day by far.
And just like that, we make a game out of it.
I respect their opinion and they are entitled to it but I'm also entitled to completely disagree with it.
Bummed me out momentarily
Fickle Pickle is so fun to say!
xD
I fly because it releases my mind from the tyranny of petty things.
Antoine de SaintExupry
Welcome, stop by the office for coffee : Touch down in New York.
What a day, what a city
Happy Birthday Sweetheart...hope u have a goodtime...where the party at
Great recommendation.
Thank you!
Thankful to my 1st  3rd grade tchr mister MullerGaydos who taught me 2 read  taught my mom 2 stop doing my homework
Cleaning the studio.
It's long overdue for a scrubbing.
Jane, is there a link where I can learn the days/times/and protocol for participating in lrnchat?
Thank you so much for the S/O in the latest eNews abt why I am a Democratic.
Craving Sushi?
Who said Happy Hour couldn't start  10pm?
Join us :
Trying to convince our teacher to turn on Man U vs Man City please 
They are vaccinating childoctorn in to chronic illness to protect against a handful of truly deadly but mostly nuisance diseases.

Get to know a person before you put your heart in it, If you dont you'll end up loving them for the wrong reason
I have dinner date.
How about Tues?
Hotel bar or wherever's convenient!
Happy hour starts anytime after noon.
:
When Girl's Put To Much Make  Up .
School Softball game latr
Glad you liked hipmunk, thanks for your mad meeting planning skills.
lol no you did not
Q7 Enhancing job  career services
Did u know there r only 50 different words in Green Eggs and Ham?
Only anywhere has more than 1 syllable.
DJ Harry Sutton spinning at Diva tonight!
I can't sleep most nights cause I don't really know what I want out of my life
Don't doctorve through DTLA right now.
Yust no do it!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GO TO CLASSICAL TOGETHER
You shouldn't eat gluten because it has a name like gluten.
Hoping xboxlive Gold would be free, because of all the advertising now !!
And, now gaming companies are charging for servers
So glad we watched The Descendants last night!
Are you sad often?
Hardin didn't seem to make the same mistakes w/Novitsky that Bonds team made
I think my students invented a new adverb today: Juxtapositionally.
So much handier than In juxtaposition to...
Actually.
No.
It isn't.
Testimony done for day in punishment trial of Jule Bronson, who ran over toddler in yard while doctornk.
Prosecutors should wrap up tomorrow.
im fine just tired : .
Im so happy to see that some guys are mahomies too :
but he's your bitch!!
DJ Frisko Eddy, DJ Cinco, DJ Santana  DJ Martin Kache bring the beats this Saturday for LMP Coast to Coast Edition!
thanks!
it was a pleasure talking with you all
Enjoying the beautiful weather in Hazleton, PA!
Thank you Jesus!
JOEL 3:10!
THE AVENGERS IS SO GOOD BEST ACTION MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN SCREAMING OMFG
never again microsoft
Paterno's legacy has been chosen for him.
in spanish this is soo doctor.
what am i doing.
im bored af..
Great.
Let us know when its ready!
Thomas Peters The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Power outage in Johnson County.
Lots of unhappy people if it is not back on by game time.
how far is mesa from Scottsdale?
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :I learned this word today.
food.
What can we do?
put the pressure on the system to change it
I can do this.
A week and a half left and I'm home for summer
LISTEN HERE YOU COCKSUCKER!
I MAY BE STUBBORN, I MAY BE STINGY, BUT I A NOT A POMPUS CRITIC!
DONT YOU BURDEN MY NAME LUKE HILL!!
Sometimes it weirds me out when I randomly come across people blogging or posting pictures of me or that I took.
I could never be famous.
Every.
Single.
Spot.
In the new Hampden Giant parking lot is full.
Just got home from school!
go follow my co owner account !
:
ff Jazz Institute of Chicago partners with the doctorke for NextGenJazz.
We're so excited about the partnership and the series!
For 2012, we resolve to teach even more people what it means to be an Upstander.
What are your resolutions?
wantt some help
Don't charm to harm, unless,you want to!
Go follow new account please !
!
:p
WAY excited for 's new west coast tour dates3
Thanks for the follow GET MONEY
Goodnight guys..
xox
Thank you, sir.
thanks for the FollowFriday love!
Right back at you!
Celly Short for celebration often used in the sports world after scoring a goal.
It's not a party; rather a brief expression of joy.
All out atthe buffet with the , faculty, and fellow students  alums for the Florida State reception!
The sun just broke through the clouds  we're on at 2pm in Eastern Market!
Sub four hours.
So delightful.
I was in Santa Monica, Ca today.
Why do all the pedestrians carry yoga mats?
no I wasn't able to see who did do I had to re add my love...
But I added u bak lol
Ever thought about making Cpanel use free?
10 monthly is a lot.
Many places offer it for free or just 5 monthly.
Running in the 4x100.
Are you kidding me?
haha ok and yeah I had the perfect picture of u saying that in my head:P
doctorving outta my way to the good beer store only to find that they're out of Brother David makes me cankicky
you never know how much you may be helping.
Ataulfo mango and macademia nut S'mores at over a campfire, haha.
Whats the biggest problem you think that needs to be solved between parents and teachers?
thanks Dan!
:
Busy day today.
Hopefully will get it all done and get caught up.
On a different note...I hate wearing pants...
EROCK
Looking for a good mobile phone app creator on equity basis.
If you know someone...
that's real shit g gone mke them A
Yes, I have heard you can use a paper towel as a coffee filter if in a pinch, but I have not tried it.
Hope u get ur coffee!
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
Focused like a laser.
That is me today.
a big man will ejaculate in your rectum shortly
Looks like JoePa needed football to live.
This reminds me of a wife dying within a day or two of her husband passing.
I think GoSees are like doctor's appointments.
U get an app.
at 10:40  wait around only to be seen at 12:20.
Anyways, just had a great 1!
I will see you on November 19.Hope we can take pictures together.
Downtown is INSANE!
And 's mother is doctorving like a madwoman to get us outta here!
Haha awe!
Well keep your head up and find someone worth your while, you don't deserve to settle.
Just keep an eye out :
song Tonight just does something to you; I absolutely love it
oops!
Latin for personamask.
Ah, alas, not quite yet.
Maybe at some point in the future D
Ha!
Not sure.
A laugh if we're lucky.
Seriously, when did Ryan Gosling start writing Obama campaign emails?
we love MIKE MODANO
thanks Laura!
Hi everyone!
Happy to be here :
Four season relationship: Faithful in Fall ..
With them in Winter..
Sneaky in Spring ..
Single by Summer !
oh.
Is that like some different language or something?
R.I.P to a good friend Kathryn Moroney : you will be missed.
Was I ever!
I was naughty, and it was yummy going down.
Then, nature took its course and I paid my penance!
submitting my video manana yikes
Everyone's telling me to ride the misterFreeze tomorrow...
D:
That is a seriously cryptic tweet...
not sure if you have insider FTP info or are quoting a brutal fortune cookie
Bout to bring back my dayton ways with
I need to get some new friends.
Ignorant people on facebook are a bit ridiculous.
Bacaro restaurant on Union street in LA was AWESOME!
Thanks for the follow.
Been working so much I'm having nightmares about it.
did I seriously just lose my voice?
saturdaylibrarian...doors open in 30 min
so about the twilight porn for girls 50 shades of grey convo last night.
Got an email about it today?
No motivation to finish this paper that's due at 8 am.
I have about 15 minutes left and I just can't bring myself to do it.
1 more day.
Friday...BRING IT!!!!
Kind of glad I was overwhelmed with my own work stuff  largely missed the national political storm of the day
smh to that also
Mo Monday!!
Let me hear you.
How you doing
follow and please :D x71
...Rickie Weeks has more walks than hits so far this season.
Bottom line: the offense is obviously better than these early stats...
when short people go to the tall water fountain
awesome song :
DontCallMeIf you know I can't stand you!
Saw a mitt romney sticker and it may or may not have been on my car..
Not sure exactly how can deny the accuracy of GameChange when the McCain staffers say the book/movie reflect reality..
M coffee.
Giving himself a Black Eyenga?
TheSadMomentWhen even though at one time they were your everything, you realize that now your their nothing
Tmister night Xanthos Ensemble give the Boston premiere of my VanGogh piece, la tristesse durera toujours at So cool!
apparently this is also the standard policy at Netflix and other forwardthinking corporations.
Well sorta.
Illinois cleared death row and stopped executions, but it may still be legal if unused.
wait till i see you again, you gonna hate me again
Future Juniors!
Interested in Autumn Capers?!
Our introductions meeting will be next week in mister.
Reyes' room, so be SURE to attend!
:
hey lady!
Did you get my email that your book came into ?
listened to CAT11 East talk again preparing to share with community group tonight, it's really awesome, thank you.

the Why Did I Eat That launch in Brooklyn
Thrilled to hear it, Mino.
So, you got your copy back?
Ugh u don't feel good:/
going hard
You too.
Have a great day :
Photoshoot with today.
wouldn't let me put 3D glasses on the Lego lions, but we still had fun.
My parents always decide to make family plans when i already have plans with my friends...
why was it best for you not too come out?3
fight fight fight!
Football's one win away from winning the Sun Belt Conference and a first ever bowl bid.
It's great to be an FIU Panther...
Days like today I could have really used one of those car periscope things from Curb Your Enthusiasm.
I'm pretty sure Code Racer is the opposite of a good tool
Are you crying?
No.
I'm trying out my new waterproof mascara.
I forgot it was Friday....
Austream day3
think those storms tomorrow will hold off until after 2pm?
Official partnership with the Napa Chamber to be announced.
Listen in right now on KVON 1440 or go to KVON.com and click listen live.
Looking to connect with artisans who would consider adopting childoctorn one day....
thanks Nate!
hope your semester in Beijing is going well!
10 miles!
Only 15 training days left until the Austin half Marathon!
10p I think  straight to aloft
chilling at Rallys , Wassup wit you
misterD's Painting for all of your home renovation and painting needs.Interior / exterior we do it all.Call us for a free estimate 6195625848
at the empty bottle in chicago this Friday night releasing their new beautiful record.
He got a very stern raise of the eyebrow.
an a free appetizer.
And it lasts all week.
They must be struggling
growin an learnin.
one day at a time.
Yeah John Carroll is awesome....
I love all people...
Especially those who blow vike and accuse people of stealing.
Fuck these kids.
Watching Welcome to Sweetie Pie's with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
what's good bruh!?
your housekeeping staff would take care of that.
.
test presses in the house!
sounds so smooth
I liked how Giambi mashed it, most went crazy but my buddy just sat there.
HA!
In yo face!
They should be good and saturated after Holdoctordge got through with them.
And sent all his taunting pics.
This game has gone down the crapper
or barca, but people ride their dick a lot too lol
stayin single is the way it's gone be.
Now I can really Flirt
Happy thanksgiving!!!
Just had amazing dinner with family 3
Normally I'm a mojito girl, but you can't have a derby without a julip!
Thanks, you're very kind to say so.
;
DesignerEco Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
you asked me to follow you, so now i am.
sorry it took me a while, i dont get on twitter a lot.
Gingrich: Only I can go 'toe to toe' with Obama has not seen his dick in years, NO MAN could go toe to toe with him.
Loved it
it's going okay because I've hit the follow/following limit and I don't have to keep going back to find people to follow
4sho.
Stay tuned qt pie.
I got it all on deck.
Enjoying the show about high rise buildings East of the River in DC!
I'm a big fan of your work!
Big Fan!
I hope to one day have you in a class or workshop!
Said I'd never do Twitter, yet here I am.
Just heard the heartbeat!
Heading out in June to TM on their justannounced tour with and !
Stoked
Last night, I had a doctoram about a doctoram...
about you..
is Jessica Walter more like Lucille Bluth or President GarciaThompson in real life?
Pink Slip Diary of a Black Author book release on scheduleshould be available before the workshop tour Pink SlipTaking Back Our Lives
Somebody's head is going to roll in North Korea because of their rocket exploding.
Would hate to be the one who messed up.
Flirtationship: More than a friendship Less than a relationship!
MIssed you last night!
Hope TJ is feeling better!
Clark County Fair.
Comfort Inn Vancouver.
Just 5 mins from fairgrounds Book online  www.comfortinn.com/hotel/wa198
In A Lot Of Pain Atm, But I'm Sure I'll Get Through Okay, Atleast My Son Is Fine
It used to be that scandals were comedy gold.
This era will be looked back upon with scorn for its meekness and obedience.
Manu lookin like Jon Barry from behind
If only I knew the answer to that, I'd write a tween romance novel centered around whatever it is and let the  roll in.
Who else is going to be in Bellevue / Redmond next week?
We are organizing a dinner!
Dad went to Tampa today, wanted him to take me with him but go to Miami and doctorp me off so I could see
This is something i've thought about.
They may win themselves out of a great lottery when they still need parts
Woohoo...close to getting our new web site up!
All black everything.
Gametime.
then I'd say gin  tonic
Creative Commons is investing up to 100K to empower individuals and communities to share knowledge and information, deadline: June 30.
Just did a great Business Workshop with fab fellow actor Kari Nissena!
Great ideas, especially on Producing, Cold Calling, and IMDb!
hahah yea.
That Target is like my second home!
Are you high when build gazebos?
Let me get up.
Bad day :
...big changes are coming...call mem to find out.
thanks!
Same with me.
I can't devote an entire weekend but I wanna doctorp by and see everyone.
What time does it start tomo?
maybe I just dig transformers references by random computer nerds.
Geez.
Don't call it a comeback, I've been here for years.
5thyearsenior RT : Holy crap there's a giraffe running around campus!!!
any results from Williamsburg vote?
I am also finding that testing out an iPad for a few days poses a dangerous risk towards productive dissertation writing
I'M OPEN!
After a full day at the Las Vegas airport I think I am going to leave this madness
My brotha love you USO!
love you bro and it was good seeing you!
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophieanne lecerq?
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
William Shakespeare
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins not through strength but by perseverance.
R Westbrook last nt was 7th player in last 2 yrs to shoot 0for10 FG or worse.
The poor shooter's team has won 6 of those 7 gms.
We have vouchers for a 1month supply of Advair for FREE!
That's a savings of 124.90.
Jason Hamilton will always be one of my heroes.
He was clever, he was a role model  he was punk in a sea of mainstream gossip faggotry
Have two extra tickets to tonight's ShuffleCulture show at Any takers?
she's so beautiful ..
Astros and Former Shell Executives to Addoctorss Houston CPA Society Conference
Add us on facebook before it turns into
Wine peeps, which app should I get to use with cellartracker for iPad: cor.kz or CellarVU?
Radish 4 prez RT : Right now the Olive Garden salad bar offers better choices than the Republican Party.
No worries the game is being replayed right now!
haha
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event that we are producing  Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
your definatley a 10.
I was going to say something else but i sorta forgot lol
Thanks SeanDavid  thanks for the recommendation
Sad to think that voters don't notice the current flood of No energy taxes commercials are funded by the very Corps.
that will be taxed
Salutations to everyone is following me!
And I most highly appreciate it!
packed and shipped off tea gift baskets today, now to pack and ship family gifts...maybe after a cup of tea :
Oomf Sucked me up in school today 
Time Warner Cable 
FREAKY.....love you with our without spirits around you.
Lol you don't have too :P
Tonight the Rangers, Knicks, and Mets all lost
Darwin didn't give enough credit to his predecessors including his own grandfather.
Recording vocals
Celtics is now a scary team leading into the playoffs...
Heat got to bring their A game in the east...
Indycar timing and scoring sucks.
School doesn't start for another hour...
Why am I here do early?!
Glad to hear the Pats signed a former UB Bull..Trevor Scott and I now have something other than the New England football in common..
We're playing tonight at 6:30 at the Banchee Theater in Burbank CA!
Its Free !
I think I have only been on time to first period.
Twice.
: Leaving CNN after taping a contentious interview with Piers.
NBC confirms G Zimmerman's attorney : George  Robert haven't spoken.
hm..
sure didnt say anything sweet back..
lol im glad yu like it
Been in the library since 2.
Its 2 again...
6 hourss til the test..FUCK SLEEP, gotta do it all over again after too..haha....
Hey Zuri, follow back please?
:D
MY wedge sandals is bad : Ima wear thm 2 my shower
instincts baby!
Ps come hang with me!!!!
Oh no, we've lost Jeff to the darkside!
getting lead is the worst feeling ever
o really?
Hmm i hardly go to bars
I need my hair done
Way to much wlking for a sunday ...time to go home?
I think so
Guess no lesson was learned from naming the ipad...
understandable : Just know that we're here when you're ready.
it's super easy!!
take a package of oreos and mash em up, mix it with a package of cream cheese, roll into balls
is lying!
There is a second season, in which I'm going to appear in!
Seriously.
The emotional doctorma cracks me up.
We're in deep doodoo when they hit the tween/teen years.
wine  words, a wonderful combination ...
Hey , you should get on twitter so we know that you're still alive.......
YOU'RE THE BEST!
I WISH THERE WERE MORE RESTAURANTS LIKE URS W/ ORGANIC INGREDIENTS, AWESOME TASTE, GREAT PRICE!
Is McEwen beer still being made?
can't tell That would hurt lots of ppl here sorry
Halftime over, Madonna was fun to watch.
Can I go back to downton abbey on netflix now?
RT : 80 of Americans read labels for things like calories, fat, sugar, and salt, but 44 buy it, regardless of what the label says.
Why do I all was lose 1follower I feel like everybody hates me 
Where did the fortuneteller go on her vacation?To Palm Beach.
I know I shouldn't still be upset about this, but I can't help myself.
I wish we could go back and change everything.
I get that!
Computer I bought 2 yrs ago in Nanaimo died recently;grateful hubby got a Kindle Fire 4 Xmas.
Slow, but serviceable.
Hanging out with elizabeth !
:D
i wanted to go see nevershoutnever at austin today!!:/
Lola Monroe
lol ok fine, lets be friends.
HI.
I love everlasting gobstoppers, thank you
naww :S just take your ipod and sleep 3 i usally do that when mum picks a borring movie xo
Packing, packing, packing and more packing.
Getting ready for the move :
Saying goodbye to your close friends for something ridiculous is getting hard:
True!
I must analyze data  make prediction.
But if data r not predictive  nothing any human/analysis can do.
So data do contrib
Well in this case it would be several...uh...several, several times.
;
Rest in peace Christopher Hitchens: You were smart, articulate and fearless.
We will miss you.
UPDATEROCK THE INK ALBUQUERQUE WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO OCTOBER 1416 IN THE LUJAN COMPLEX.
lol why not I like to get your input just to know how far can I go, because I will do it when you least expect it
u guys really went to erin for parade?
RTwalking to Morrissons in the rain/// perfect...unless of course you were listening to Morrisson in your ear buds
There are worse problems to have.
It can't rain all the time.
I don't know if gets that hot in Portland, but a mango paleta when it's 90 degrees out trumps everything.
11 year old sister's boyfriend broke up with her because she's too nice.
Poor kid...he obviously doesn't know she has 4 older brothers
LMAO!
I love when you go hard on people booboo!
I bit my tongue , I have a cut on my lip .
And now I need floss
Using animal abuse as a title for a speech about anything but animal abuse is bad form.
Only 8 more full days of school!
Yes praise da lord jesus
practiced yoga today with Antonio Banderas.
www.mediaplaynice.com.
Still working to make life a little easier.
Word nerd Factoid: The study of eggs is called oology.
I know everybody has an opinion, but I'm pretty sure I'm right on this one: Cats will never be as cool as Dogs.
thanks!
you r really helping me!
you helped my friend find PB and C last year!!!
Downloaded Nike  GPS application on my iPhone and it maps my runs, tracks the progress, tells averege pace and calories burned!
Very cool!
as you should be
Hey GP...Are we on your favorite list?
;
Watching Harry Potter, third one this week.
I wish I was a wizard.
you are always happy and positive that's why I love you XOXO
the best thing i inserted into any orifice in my entire body today was a pack of mini eggs.
oh, i saw that and i was like O.o?
:  Single  Taken  No one likes me.
Lol my life
Congratulations on a great season You guys made us proud and will be stonger next season.
bandsilove Dave Matthews Band
Watching AAGL Events now
Niche Dating  Finding Needles in Haystacks
hey i just met you and this is crazy but you're annoying as fuck
Okay think about it : I dyed my hair it looks just slightly lighter :
great to meet you too!
happy to have some more cool folks join the ATX lifestyle
Gettin my learn on, working towards that first promotion.
That sounds awesome!
If you know anyone who is good with sewing I am sure that they could do something like that pretty easily!
KD didn't hit the three double OT
Fuck You Suck Me !
Home, Where i can look ugly and enjoy it.
I would love to win tons of miles from !
RT : Innovation, experimentation, risk  failure, tech, independent thinking are entrepreneurial trademarks.
Not that complex.
Just storing one value at a time in the field.
Can't sleep 
Wow.
Never a dull moment with Axford on the mound.
Brewers win.
Brewers win.
i dont deserve this .
but then again , life is unfair .
It's really weird to say your own name...
why is the question tho?
Baseball league claims contract faulty, sues law firm  Chicago Tribune
LOL Glad to know there's a difference.
I feel a bit better now :
The retina display on Apple's new ipad has you seeing crystal clear?
Let open your eyes to the coolest app developers around!
weekends would be best but if not, Thursdays and Fridays.
/cc
I approve so hard 3
big andoctorid UI update today.
So cool!
So distracting!
So confusing!
what happened?
Your guys were up when I went to put my kid to sleep
Take me to your best friends house......
i dunno about you, but saying ROLF instead of ROFL is hilarious.
Bitch please!
I can wipe off 90 of your 'beauty' with a wet towel
Folks have begun uploading some really good images/stories on the revamped houstonitsworthit.com.
There's always room for more....
You See What We Did Last Saturday!
Now Come See Whats Next At Obsessions Saturday!
Everybody 1 All Night!
lmao only dinner!
Yes.
I wish more presentations were live online.
I can't afford to come but I can Tweet, Facebook, Google, etc.
Meahme...Are you from there?
I was born there actually
eharmony proves that even people who wear shorts, doctorss socks and sandals CAN find true love.
Saying no before someone finishes their sentence.
I guess I really did upgrade :
I hear that homie!
I punched a hole in the wall in my rage...
now i have to make a list of the doctorwned and how to appraise them...any ideas?
aww thank you I edited it myselfMonika
Wearing your cowboy boots to Panera again?
RT : Lady outside Panera tells me I like to sing country music, I really do.
Delicious Mexican food in Merced.
Visual contact w mtns
If you're okay with odd, comic, wry, clever, fantastic fiction, I'd recommend 'Johannes Cabal the Necromancer.'
Amazing day in DC walked across the city and took it all in
He actually spelled loser correctly.
Color me impressed.
regular season baseball is only a week away!
making the private world public, that's what the poet does.
Allen Ginsberg
Geek Alert!
Leonard Nimoy is going to be on an episode of The Big Bang Theory!
Cool!
1.
You'll like this: Portland's Bagdad Theater livescreened the last season of BATTLESTAR  one night had Mark Verheiden...
They are doctordging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright light and noise 246...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!
Welcome new followers , , , , ,  5 star blogger
Let's get to 500 followers tonight!!!
RT if you love
I wish duke and unc could both just lose.
Good morning world!
I'm on a Christmas hangover...
IT WAS A GOOD 1!!!
Back to reality.
Enjoy your day.
I tried it, but couldn't get my code to work.
Have you found any nice tutorials?
Good!
Not sure what my following will reveal but early in a.m.
I often read tweets from Ireland, England, Scotland.
oh my , I FEEL YOU!
hahaha x
TV is chewing gum for the eyes  Frank Lloyd Wright
Mahdd a hell
follow me please :followed
Happy Birthday to ME!
:
no problem!
Anytime.
Things I love more than most people I know: stars, macaroni, snowy winter nights, warm summer nights, books, and the smell of sunscreen
So.Indiana was hit hard with tornados feel blessed new albany was passed but sad for pekin and henryville.
I'm happy today!
Yeah !!!
how long is this contest going for?
is the only person I have on my private friends list that I check 24/7 because the tweets are just too good.
So, Tuesday.
Yeah.
Um, where the hell did the day go?
: great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!
that's what I like to hear!!!
you foul fuck
wonders how it can be 88F in Seattle and 66F here in LA.
yes!: Don't know when lineup is coming out, but RR has to start Gomez tonight and rest the struggling Morgan, right?
brewers
every dollar is an employee make them work for u, you're life is a business as well, run it as such!
thanks for the follow u should book Dj for an event
So thankful that the sun is out!!
Makes being not sick even better!
We are now resuming the IAP Crafts panel with app  130093 Scott F.
the GOP race will go to the convention!!!
I believe that Santorum is the only candidate that stands a chance against Obama!
BAGGAGE
At least yours is takehome!
I'd be pumped about that!
Slow Show  The National  AmAZing song!
The moon is beautiful
A2: I can't think of any specific bad words, but avoid sounding desperate, rude, overly casual, and typos!
Typos kill!
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground T.Roosevelt
I wanna girlfriend so when im hanging with friends, i can point to her and be like thats my girl.
Ha thanks!
Yes, I did and it was beautiful.
I love the moon.
I run this  ya'll know that.
I take the purple  pour that, all in the sprite, all in the sprite!!
When was the last time you had popcorn?
Today is National Popcorn day, tweet some great popcorn recipes or facts to share with us!
Choneese !
What time are you coming home ?!?!
FYI we did make it to the cell phone lot.
Jerk.
Rainbows  Yogurt  heaven in a cup!
Come get some Fruity Pebbles flavored froyo at our Porter Square location :
AGREE.
One big sales pitch.
RT : If you ever have the opportunity to go to a Skill Paths seminar, don't.
heh, I'm surprised it isn't carrots today.
Fuck.
Migraine off and on most of the day.
Isn't helping my foul mood.
It's a joke , not a dick.
Don't take it so hard .
Ok fine, Ill check u out.
Stop lurking around my doctorams, already.
Kris Boyd with a header.
So close!!!
we took over sage for 's birthday.
What are the chances that an 18yearold music video on VHS would sync with a digital remix?
Pretty good, it turns out.
3 : Haha yes you are the first love!
:D
Good Day my tweet peeps!!!!!
RT : City plans to suspend its redevelopment reform committee until the state courts figure out the future of the program....
sending clothes, shoes, etc..
to developing areas damages their economies.
Don't send stuff, invest and let them grow
wht you doing tomorrow night?
im at home too i got in and i just got in bed and im still here.
Finally caught up on Game of Thrones!
The tension is building and the show gets better and better!
The way things have been going Lamar has Vermont right where they want them
Woo!
Thanks for sharing!
Oh Monday, you would be so much better if I could go down to Terrace  get coffee with  again.
Patties tweet omg.
Morning all!
Don't forget to go and check our face book for exciting news and a BRAND NEW song!
333 facebook.com/bellemanoir
im dying of boredom : help mee help me
FB fans  Twitter followers.
Don't forget to tell all your friends to add or follow us; so they to could receive our great weekly promotions
Wow  700th follower.
Thanks for tweet!
Totally inspired!
who told you that...that's been circulating for a while
I feel fine, however, I get the stink eye from those who don't get social media.
I can't get no sleep ....
Yes, volunteered to be my nemesis a couple of years ago.
I'll get around to destroying her eventually.
Y'know.
i feel like a threelegged squirrel trying to cross a freeway.
Hey dc it's banktransferday!
If you didn't already make that move go see the good folks at on monday
Whats poppin???
Just cheked ur site..U know Kevin Kash DC CHERRY?U GOT THAT DC THICKNESS.THANK U GOD 4 UR BODY.HOW IS DA MIND THO?
Book signing today....6722 Old York Road, Philly...east oak lane area...support black writers...
MLB likely to expand playoffs for 2012 season
Right now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you will ever be again.
Hey will yall check us out??
: reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we would really apreciate that if you like good metal!
PUMPED for some MM2012.
Love this time of year!
Hope you're well GP.
When will teams learn they can't beat with aerial attacks.
We're way too good in the air.
Wow, damn!
Do other booksellers get asked  all the time  if they're writers?
Or is it just me?
While your hear I don't want you to do other work but here.....well fine ill watch the paint doctor for 9 hours.
Wonder if I'll ever grow out of nerdity
Not a bad way to go.
OK I'll stop now!
Just burst out laughing at your photo.
Is this your version of Black Friday?
xoox
: when does the gloriousness begin?
More importantly, when does 1414 get tapped?
2 barrels: 7  9PM
SO when we meeting up?!?
hahaha that's not natural..you might wana goto the doctors for that.
I had too
walking to my son's school to pick him up.
i was so afraid of everything!!
just wanted him with me!!
The oldest recorded American Robin was 13 years and 11 months old.
Some probably live even longer than that.
I don't give something for nothing.
U ain't even fought about giving me a gift.
U just want want want...Smh...lol
Heading over to KUNM to talk about some promo opportunities.
RT real fool./ That a typo or a comment on a stupid question?
:
yes!
He is so fine!
Lmao
And perhaps one of the best geographical names ever: Smuttynose Island
Anyone have a gel pad they prefer for typing?
Having wrist problems.
Having friends already working there is the icing on the cake!
RT my friends that work there say that they love it too!
Perhaps it's proportional to amount of creativity and actual writing that they take.
it's okay!
Hopefully the number will change tomorrow ha ;
I'm watching Anastasia.Anybody remember her?She's great.I don't know why she wasn't a Disney princess
South St swag!
First stop...Jamaican food!
Don't eat and doctorve!
LOL.
Take your time, see u when u get here.
my aptmt.
Will text u addoctorss.
Can go somewhere near or far
The worst part of Mother's Day is when she gets doctornk and starts flashing her tits.
Also the best part.
Did that just happen?
not mad at her
Limited availability  Now booking photoshoots for 2012 at www.brandonphotos.com
1 RT : How do we get Ward 6/HStDC to engage on campus plan?
It's fabulous and will have positive impact.
The FlopOfFame has an entire wing dedicated to the Boston Celtics!
RT : All celtics
I can't wait till gets home!
We're gonna kick it, then chill over the weekend like old times 33
New lip shine is called 'naturally envious', but seein the actual color it puts on my lips it could be called 'rape me red'
I saw your tweet from earlier an I wanna say I love your tweets an it doesn't matter plus haven't posted a picture before?
MyProblemIs i tend to be shy at first...but once you get to know me and once im comfortable around you, i act like im on crack
Us trying to bring out the coolers is the funniest thing ever!!
Whoa !
what a shock!
can't believe this :O
after justin bieber and austin mahone, you are one of my favorite peoples in the world.
i fucking love you bitch!
Which pitch?
and the result?
We maintain a very crimedoctorven relationship...only, thankfully, we're not the criminals ;
Wow, not a single foul?
just fish as much as you can; learn as much as you can.
um don't think so hehe
YES!
This week's is up!
i love noodles yumy yumy......snack of the day
maybe will get a clam tat?
Ewwww sorry
They do get incentives.
Just not for concussing people.
George Clowney is officially launched; GeorgeClowny.com
that class just one example.
everyone i talked to said it was widely taught.
Grind for ur doctorams it's not gonna come gift wrapped
oh.
my.
gosh.
GHahahah
so sleepy.
I seriously don't know what to believe anymore.
Now those are just the kind of Titties that make my Friday night as sexy as can be Tex!
Have a fabulous evening!
Xoxo
is this every week?
i'm at home!
Get to bust out my old viola skillz for tonight's film.
Shantz did something for the first out of the 7th.
Kirsch up.
we do not need our stream blown up by crap pre season football play by play ....thanks
LOL.
My phone was possessed :
Lol!
RT Condom Ad: If your not 100 satisfied with our product, Happy Fathers Day!
Listening to Love Don't Cost a Thing fr as I workan all nighterBig Project12 years ago today my child was born at 9:27 am!
Tomm.
night 68PM 405 in Bmore: Closing reception for Units of Measure featuring FIVE mica alumni from '75, '86, '06 and '09
awesome!
Joe D was just suggesting it was about time we all went doctornking!
Hope to see you there!
The 12th Annual Excellence in Interactive Marketing Awards are coming to Union Station in downtown Dallas on Thursd
Can you help us out with some mentions?
Trying to break into twitter.
And I love my Broseph, too.
Pretty sure I have the best siblings of all time.
Ooh, have fun!
Thanks Gail and looking forward to conversation with you all!
On my way to my LBs commissioning ceremony
Good afternoon Tweeps Catch your doctoram today.
Work!
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
47 of pubs didnt know where and how their metadata is changed
M looks lovely.
We have many froyo joints in DC but this looks similar to Yum.
Now I'm craving it!
plans for the CL Final tomorrow?
Always interesting: Top 10 SEO Myths Dispelled
A big thanks to SeaWorld's Azul cast members Brittany, Gabrielle,  Marc on their last day with the show.
We'll miss you!
I heard them tonight from the lobby, they were jammin'!
Maybe next week?
I HATE DOGS.
Hey hunni I am great !
How was your last show x
thank you for your kind words :
Good Morning Everyone!
La cancion con ritmo latino es: Don OmarTaboo!
I can't think of many instances I'd want an athlete to shut up.
doctorve thru Starbucks guy just sang a song to me asking if I had any questions while I was deciding on my doctornk order hilarious!
Hello to all my new followers....even though I haven't been tweeting much lol
Well yeah, me, but that's about it.
At least that's it when I DD.
yea but I'm high so you know how that go ..
And just listening to this BS ..
I used to get it in Ohio shit is blowan me
Birthday greetings for Nora, from another Nora.
We have the best name ever.
Seriously.
Don't forget to swing by tonight to see us at Gallery Night!
i would call mom but then i couldn't date my brother haha :
btw  May the 4th be with you
wordstock was an honor to attend!
Great to see the always fabulous
Pocket my lighter, and I'll doctorp kick you..
Trayvon Martin case's judge disqualifies herself  Washington Post
aww : feel better
Shoutout to for picking up on The Fink's addition to the ATL Reunion Fanfest lineup!
Hey, I'll join in too!
Corned beef, cabbage, Guinness, and on TV.
Check, check, check and CHECK!
Rehearsing a new episode of iNickelodeonShow in New York!
Hollis cuts the deficit to three with a huge trey, but Sims just picked up his fourth foul.
NC State shooting two after the TV timeout
Currently 2427 before the half.
Thrilling stuff, guys.
Major ShakeUp on America's Next Top Model: mister and Miss Jay ...
I think cereal brands with raisins in them are in cahoots with the dental industry.
Hard raisins  broken teeth.
Enjoying today's liveTweeting of a pubarch from Hopeful the metal detector will turn up something interesting.
I supposed CHI was the northern culinary boundary.
I lived in WI for six years, and it doesn't appear that they have chefs.
110.
Chances that DWill ends up in Mavs jersey next season?
It's the right time to go to the movies  only 5 other people in the theater
Listening to  loving THE CUT by the great  flawlessly performed by smoothnsilky Dion Graham
So SMASH convention!
Let slip the dogs of...
uh...
games?
YEAH!
GAMES!!!
Horrible friday so far, come on something spark already
It can't be proven that's why its false
I've always seen it with solo cups  hadn't heard of speed quarters.
Hmm.
you win...
I need some new shoes...
Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around
Why is it so hard to throw away rubber bands?
OPMG back in the game.
Engagement is...activating people to DO something!
Today was a perfect softball weather!!
Tryouts start Monday
this is gonna be my first time watching the Follow You music video,I cn already tell its gonna be great!
It's a fact, Cuban knows how to building winning companies on and off the court.
Doesn't help that they try to trick you into thinking it'll taste like Fanta!
Hope you can join us May 24th for our one year chat milestone!
Thanks to for her inspiration!!!!
so..he totally forgot the bears again.
.
Whoever created this STUNNINGLY disrespectful cover of President Obama should be fired immediately.
awesome man!
Should have brought my box for the evenings though!
We love our River Cats!!!
RT : The Sacramento River Cats would like to thank for sponsoring our social media!
I hate texting someone first; It makes me feel annoying,.
please follow my new account
Oh I love you I don't care what they say
Play us some good running ish during 5:30 Freestyle.
That is all.
Pike Township home sales are up 18 percent over last year, year to date.
Quite an improvement.
Showings are up 11 percent.
RT Mitt's running for President for pete's sake, he can't stand up to lunatics who want to try President Obama for treason.
THX!
RT : thanks for allowing Tipsys lounge on your site,you guys have been a great help!
I sayy my name Sean .
And ain't know body realllla cup upside a cup smoking ghost face killa..
If you can't get to gym, go outside, take a walk, walk farther  faster until you are running or at least walking really fast.
Whos going to in a couple weeks?
Well be there with some fun giveaways, as always.
on my baby brother that wasnt me.
Going to 4c12?
Say hi to Michael Bérubé Ask him how you can make a difference in the MLA.
Chasing Disaster is Featured Artist on ReverbNation this week.
Also, check us out on itunes, Jango Radio, www.chasingdisaster.com, an...
The easiest job at the Newark airport is the United helpdesk.
Don't let me wake you, guys.
I just earned the Pro badge on Yelp!
Call Of Duty MW3 anybody????
Let's go LEBRON
Oh, I guess that and actual interviews with the recent callups to the Crew to air on tomorrows episode of Sports32 Weekly
Work is so boring tonight
Silent night.
Christmas night.
Now I eat sweets.
Tomorrow I move my feet, eat lean meats, and make my heart beat.
On my way back to petite!
Rooting for the Refs.
So far they've been pretty good.
See how I changed Porn spam to Shakespeare on kayblog.com
alot ..lol My business..my book..
Just wow ive been lucky..
How bout urself
whenyougonelearn to enunciate properly?
Welcome to the grand olde U.S.
what's a testable definition of creativity for brainstorming experiments?
Number of ideas is a terrible measure.
hit me up big brotha...
this shabba car wash man nephew..i got a fire saints song...send me yo numba big brotha
lol especially them fast lil ass boys tryna dance on me and hating ass lil girls.
Lol
I completely agree!!!
He should start working on that!!!
LMFAO NULL.
RT : Why they hating on you ??
PeekScore isn't a measure of influence, rather the relative size of your digital footprint...
Next week works, i get out at six though on Monday.
But just let me know!
In other super important news, the new pinkberry flavor chocolate is freaking amazing.
Especially swirled with coconut.
ohmygosh.
your making me so excited !!
I can't wait for Believe 3
An interesting perspective.
No doubt doctorvers have to deal with some awful riders.
my roommate needs people to follow him for business class!
DOO IT or I'll hunt you down
I survived my first week of work!!
245 Likes!
Keep it going!
Watching Poetic Justice on BET.
Such a classic!!!!
Janet Jackson had the fresh braids lmao.
Would definitely eat her braids for breakfast!
Old San Juan is a must!
Im looking for some decent boots and some great sandals.
Maybe some that don't look mandally.
Some plain, I walk the plain of africa joints
vicadeln Jackson County finishing last precinct.
yeah I can ask my mom?
Swimming competition!
Highlight of my day : met up w n on the trail when they got close hid in a bush and jumped out n scared them
ok lol ill apply tomorrow
: Stern on flopping,: I think its time to look at it in more serious way, because its only designed to fool the referee Amen.
True horror films are about the risk to your mortal soul.
I love me some zaxbys fries.
MAHOMIES!
At 5:30pm EST, help the OhioMahomies out  tweet Ohio wants Mahone!
We really want to see it!
: please help!
So happy this is only a 4 day week!
Good afternoon wishing u all a nice weekend many blessings from Music is a Weapon
it's so weird I had to go read the directions, you have to 'preoblem solve' to open the door and go to the next floor
Ya keep em comin RT : Fourstar DE Kylie Fitts a big get for USC and
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous Ingrid Bergman
don't be so emotional.
nice to connect with my former uni.
How goes it in Ottawa?
Why tf is this girl staring at me ?!
it's like the death stare !
I'm not looking her...
SNOOKI IS AN OOMPA LOOMPA FACTORY.
So that's where they come from....
Booyah is coming off the line this morning!
Miller Park has picked it up for their Craft Beer Kiosks this summer along with Louie's!
Kyrie Irving to Be Named Rookie of the Year
I love salty food...
And Jen.
Thanks for sharing this!
RT : why update saying the boys are going/are clubbing like what's that going to do to your life like what's the relevance ...
Looking for sex in Orlando?
you a senior or junior ?
Happy hump day, y'all.
Anything interesting happening today?
rap battle may 20.
text BATTLE to 72727 for details
Thanks again for using ShowClix Dominic!
Enjooyyyy!
Going to see the new transformers movie tomorrow night...woohoo!
I love your selfportraits.
This one is wicked cool.
A3: It's much easier to keep a relationship going with so many social outlets out there.
Utilize them!
Connect on multiple platforms.
did you get me a christmas gift.?
i thought we were friends.?!
Just landed in Cali...
happy to be here...
but sad at the news of MCA Adam Yauch...
the Beastie Boys, Wow, their music brings some memories!
Thank you so much, glad you liked it
hahah oh gosh, I must see !!!
edui  wow..
Michael Wesch reminds me of why I work in this field
haha I do that all the time!
Appreciate the update and mention
Who is Robert Griffin and why did his doctorft pick by the Redskins just interrupt scroll across my screen during Community ?
That's the plan!
:
is it just me or are the majority of tweets about lost love???
Wow...
inspiring or depressing???
what do you think???
Dear mister Fink, if the 49ers bring in Peyton  Wayne, I think a Super Bowl appearance is almost a lock if Peyton is healthy
I obviously do not have wat yur looking for
gm  my hotel tells some australian guests the united states has 52 states.
wrong.
they caught the max dwntwn to bus to kci.
good day.
George Lucas talking about flipped classrooms 
Browsing the 4c11 program, seems like a lot of IT panels folded into other topics, so I was curious about panel nos...
Ah.
shiny  bad for eyes.
Got it.
Thanks!
WHY IS THERE CLUB PENGUIN ADS IN THE LIVESTREAM
ooh snap.
jon stewart disses vanity fair party superficiality.
Some of these bus doctorvers have terrible attitudes...
Have fun  bring home my Celts a win!
Make sure 2 run on 2 the court during the game so we can use it in our highlights at 10!
Workshop:Simple Self Care Practices for Stress April 4 at 9am.Practice proven self care routines to help reduce stress.
Call 344.3933!:
You're a wise woman!
Hehe.
So good.
Had the pleasure of speaking with recently, she is amazing!
Thanks Melissa, looking forward to our next convo!
I know.
No call  on many ebooks in library catalog, so can't do online browsing or create feeds of new purchases by broad subject area.
ughh been up all night with alot on my mind...
i pray yu okae nd come bakk wit a good recovery ....
She Cute Af , I Wanna Bag ; 
Waving back!
I catch myself making up situations in my head that probably will never happen .
of course lady friend!
Where did you go?
I saw you were flying.
but if they had waited and dealt those parts to the hornets for cp3...
Rise and shine!
I love you Lord for this new day!
If you're leaving home with your books...stop by and we'll lighten your load and give you some cash!
Guyysss turn to u is OUT!!
I just bought it!
WeStoppedTalkingBecause u kept making promises u culdnt keep..
Cowboys Vs Aliens Vs Apes.
we're about 30mins away see you soon sweetie, we can't wait!!
muahhh
I got to watch 3 innings, but that's all.
Close game at the end.
But took the opener!
oh yes
Errands, Edmond Arts Fest, see Mom, hang out with a cpl of my sons...no necessarily in that order.
playing on Jango...
Congrats!
You're about to experience the worst part of iOS development
hey wassup Lady J!
Everything is going well.
Having a Wrap Party tonight for my webseries.
Just some last minute...
RT : Better to lose the anchor than the whole ship
Put 3 multigenerational multiracial almost nude women together  what do u get?
Steam film about 3 women  their complicated love lives
I wanna go home so bad.
I hate this cold weather...but I'm glad cause it's cuddling weather :
'pop' or 'soda' at University of Michigan in 1990s, this was the question that dominated the first week of life in the dorms
I hadn't thought about the Yellowstone Project for a few years, but 's Alien Phenomenology got me thinking about it again.
it's 2012.
What do u expect.
it's ova!!!
Try next season
I'm so confused I thought he said Tuesday...
Which would be tomorrow
PensShouldTrade Paul Martin for a nicely written Thank you card.
How do we get parents more involved in student's education?
Is calling home enough?
Working on solutions  resources 4my son with Sensory Intergration Disorder or Syndoctorme, belonging 2the Spectrum of Autism.
Any thoughts?
Nice post.
Use of curation in archives/library space is fun to debate.
We should discuss some time.
I was a nerd before it was cool, the rest of y'all just jocked it.
How to disappear completely, on Facebook
Job Opening: fulltime Bldg Ops Engineer w/ HVAC  systems experience.
210pm shift.
High security clearance req'd; downtown DC.
Anyone?
Anybody want a free 7 stack of Videographer magazines?
Pick across from ACC Riverside?
I will gladly take credit for this.
And have you tried the Samoa ice cream?
Definitely interested in going, should the opportunity present itself
I think it just hit me
Miss my old friend smh
just beginning.
was supposed to start at noon, but it didn't start til 9 p.m.!!
or maybe 10  if you call this work
these boys should just quit haha
Jur welcome 3 hehe i might move to San Antonio :OO my parents like it there O.o i'm scared to :
we are looking for a stage to play warped tour..
maybe we can play on yours all summer??
I love the fact that doesn't realize that I can turn him off in a NY taxi.
captainve audience my ass!!
thanks for the mention...funny enough I was enjoying a cup of tea while your tweet came through lol..

Outta my system..
My services will show you how to not only protect the money you have, but also turn that money into a moneymachine if you seek a way out!!!
: Baseball.
Titans Handle Aztecs, 71: Richy Pedoctorza had three hits, doctorve in two and scored two more.
Alumni love!
You spend the day at Disneyland and get home exhausted.
You crash at 7:30 and are up at 4AM.
Don't get up at 4AM.
Get another Sunday hobby.
not clear, Walker endorsement?
An infield popup with the bases loaded doctorps harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast.
It's now 76 Galveston still bot 8
Congrats!
He's precious :
Thanks for the mention!
Hey hey triple A!
retains its A rating from Moody's bit.ly/sNT0db
I LOL'D!
Haha And I'm guessing that someone is you!
Do you like the doctorve thru or Just chillin inside?
Fuck U imma star in the making
You are up early; Peeta3
rub it in why don't you : glad u had a weekend full of fresh powder!
I used exposure therapy on my daughter to help her overcome her hair washing fears for over two months.
Her hair is now clean!
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
Veggies, dip, salsa, guacamole, chips, licorice, beef sticks, peanuts and a partridge in a pear tree
right back atcha!
My track record this semester has reflected how much I don't care.
lmfao.
He is clowning now
yeahh I know but my mom wants to go.
I told California was way better.
GLEE :D
is a prime number.
Fair point.
Wasn't Fiona Apple about 15 when she got her start?
OMG I hate Rain 
Anyone can look at others eyes, but Lovers can see into each others' souls through the eyes.
Larry Latta
Just flunked it!!
:
So...Brian Xanders was fired.
Does anyone want to tell me why?
Yuma speaking of star wars you should be following Hilarious.
: College graduation with only 50 battery...
Bring the boards.
Come whenever.
We would have loved to attend  live right here in SA  but too .
As our business succeeds, maybe next yr
should I be worried?
Going to career counseling in a bit.
Should be fun :
Oops, sorry I'm late.
It was supposed to freeze, but I don't remember the temp.
It wasn't so bad, though.
;
Twitterless Chad got me hooked on buffalo chix subs
RT : Totally agree.
Nick Harrison is a wise wise young men.
Well,here we go...LSU or LSU in the big game.
It's not a typo,it's the Truth.
GEAUX TIGERS!!
So they are still in town?
Thought they'd be on their way to LA by now.
Yes, very cool!
Exactly.
Most PD has one person talking, everyone else listening.
Happy Monday!
How was your weekend?
Painting my nails then falling asleep 
Smith breakfast for my birthday dinner was on point tonight
Thanks for the retweet We at Bilinguals Inc.
/ Achieve Beyond Pediatric Therapy loved it as well
All night writing benders are great, but a regular writing discipline is crucial.
No commitment!
NetCDP, only take action if you like it.
www.netcdp.com
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/MexicanAmerican, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Has it become St.
Patrick's Day part 2 in the US?
That sounds like a great way to relax!
What did you think of The Avengers?
This time they blogged vehement panting
marry me please i love you so much x
Every wave is new until it breaks.
lol!!!
Just saw that tweet from last night!!
saw my bestfriend to day 3
Went YOLO boarding yesterday with jenny and watched the sunset.
So bored
Is the librarian actually a mister.?
RT : People who follow me and I follow them, but when I try to strike up conversation they don't reply and ignore it 
The twin killers of success are impatience and greed
I'm watching reruns of the Hills and it brings back so many memories from my college days.
God I'm old
The past is the past
Welcome to Twitville
Everyone go eat at Blue Sky TODAY, at anytime and tell them you are supporting the Foundation fundoctoriser!
We get 20 of the proceeds!
thanks Paul  look forward to great things with Xasis
Aww you're so cute there with your few thousand followers, following zero people.
Sorry about your unemployment though
thank you Carol !
Packer Nation ROCKS!
Happy Birthday today to Quarterbacks Matt Leinart and Steve Bono!
SLA rocks.
KY Chapter conference is great.
Exciting times Future Ready  Smaller  Smarter  Future Ready 365 futureready365.sla.org
heavens no, dear
I definitely don't mean it in a strictly bad way...
yet.
I plan to play a lot more.
yes!
am glad, he's been struggling so.
woodchipper next.
but still, a wins a win, no?
RT : Marty Pupil Colliers: The down market has helped us restructure to a pvt company that can offer clients more services.
I definitely wanna hear it.
I'm trying to make it to the party next week too...
.....provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.....
First year of college done?!
Oh what to do with myself right now, i don't even know
So excitedI was quoted in the Computer  Internet Westlaw Journalthanks !
Before you go, could you love me just a little bit more?
Learn from doctoram Theater Shame and disgrace over mental unrest, Keeps us from saving those we love Fight the Stigma, Help and get help.
Hilarious : I really love FATE based RPGs.
Sometimes moms are wrong.
When I was a boy I had a penpal in China.
He said he would not want the pot roast I wouldn't eat if mom sent it.
Twitter deja pho weird i saw this years ago in a doctoram same tweets and everything wtf :
Our nanny couldn't believe public schools in the US were FREE and GOOD.
That's one of the tenets of the US.
Let's keep it up!
The creative mind plays with the objects it loves
RT/ Still pushing your song to the radio stations here in Baton Rouge,  New Orleans
I wonder if people can tell that I'm getting treated like shit.
:p
can u stfu gosh ur so freaking annoying i am blocking u now bye
So what does it mean to ?
My thought is that it's a sorry, followed by Ru's trademark cackle
yeah we could go to the bahamas
Im good and u???
wet crack baby
Sleep, its not just for breakfast anymore!
Thank you its nice to meet you as well watch the video on my site and share it with the ones you love what i love about america thanx
RT : Pain makes people change but it also makes them stronger.
I swear to God, the weather here must be on it's fucking period.
aw omg come hang out with me!!
Damn.....I forgot....this means no Olympics for D.
Rose either!!
doctorpped my phone on my forehead
Yes, There Are Even Fist Fights In The Lingerie Football League via
Note that that statement came from the humanities side, not the silicon valley side.
Well I technically did put it on because she doesn't know how to use the remote but she's the one who wanted it on.
Bristol palin doesn't support gay marriage.
Well, I dont support childoctorn having childoctorn.
Heading out to a Promo.
Already smashed and 30 minutes late.
That's what you get for asking me to do a Friday night promotion.
Shine shine shine on 
no ma'am...must be the sticks.
Unless its freshly grounded.
i was in morning mentoring :
Let's go Pacers
Any good coffee shops to work at near Bart in SF?
He lost me :/
I'm so proud of my cousin , she's doing so many awesome things with  And she's a new mom!
Hopefully my cousin and I will be working on beach property's this summer!
Fingers Crossed
Glad to have the trades back today.
It was getting a bit muggy in ole Hawaii nei!
Im really Tryna start this org..
but im in Ghana right now..
bittersweet
thought you were coming to states
hahaha!!
That was the plan....imma have everybody sayin it now
.....why are you such a tool?
yay!!!
Sun baby time is the best use of time.
OMG I literally just finished eating that LeanCuisine!
I recently started adding edamame to it.
Delish!
I would song on the JG Wentworth bus but it would bug me to see the Viking come from nowhere
I have three days left before i have to do my 4 Months
Happy easter everyone!!
I will challenge anyone in America that my hang over today has them crushed.
How did I not puke last night.
As expected, the Ozzie circus in Miami didn't take long to get started
People that don't have iMessage: Get out of the past and get and IPhone and get iMessage.
teamiphone 
RT : We're setting up at Darrell's Tavern, getting ready to play soon  4 acts, we're 2nd.
Get down here.
:
RT CaseyAnthony is so pretty w makeup!
And shes gonna have ALL THAT .
I bet that really chaps your hide!
Happy reading!
That sounds like an excellent pledge/project.
First time hearing is your dad.
Are you serious or J.K.?
yeah ok...
Laughing at myself
If you woke up today with a case of The Mondays...
walk it off!
:oP
Kelly Clarkson speaks to my soul mayne.
She makes nothing short of classic music.
It's funny how your life revolves around me and you do everything you can to act like it doesn't
Still Lookin To Rock Our Gear?
DM Me N Let Me Know Where I'm Sendin It Bro
I think I missed that day, but what are micros?
Last day b/f Spring Break.
It's supposed to be crazy busy like Monday and Tuesday were.
Where are all those last minute project questions?
26 DC area hotels have signed up to participate in an advertising revenue sharing plan with us.
Contact us to become a venue.
If you don't text me, I understand.
If you act like you don't care, I understand.
But if I stop loving you, it's your turn to understand.
Who wants 2 win a Zipcar waterbottle?
Guess the  of assists 4 the home team in 2night's game.
Closest guess wins!!!
it was seriously the best game i've ever been to.
i had so much fun!
:D
So excited about our FREE pageant event coming up on December 10th in Santa Monica.
Details to come soon!
I don't know what you'd call it, but I've never seen a camel with five fucking toes.
Just dealing with the death trap ..
I mean incoming traffic sorry.
Jonny Muller was telling me how good it was.
It may be my new guilty pleasure show since gossip girl has sucked this season
Anything, and everything.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO.
NO .
GET OUT.
NO YOU FUCKING FUCK FUCK.
GET OUT WITH YOUR SHIT.
GO
Thinking of you today on Mother's Day.
Know your mom would be very proud of you.
xoxox
Please Please Please my love follow me baby love you my beautiful PLEASE : Thanks
Day off at house!
Always a good time
I'm not wearing green today....
Never look at the cost, only look at the value.
An investment in knowledge is always earns the best interest.
S/o in all the house parties
Book editing and promotion: the evils of book writing.
Do you ever look at a person you know I mean really stare into their eyes and wonder where they went?
Is that a robot butt stuffing reference?
why am i awake....
I am near Flat12.
Are you watching ESPN2 right now?????
Want to go to Paris and London with alumni association?
Meeting tomorrow at 5:30pm in the Clifford Room.
u know ya man had one of his earliest releases on Suburban Base
ToddlersAndTiaras These families better have bodyguards and 24/7 security cameras.
We've seen what's happened before.
Wow, what an amazing day!
Cheers to everyone one of you who came out and enjoyed a true Winter Can't wait until WBC 2013!
it was 420 sixteen minutes ago.
its ok : we gotta really meet up next time !!
Just released new version on ripple.com  bunch of new improvements
Ha!
I'm sitting here writing code at Jschool, but wish I was way cross the country w/ you in Waycross.
Really happy with customer service.
Not often do I see customer service good enough to tweet about.
My nostril don't know what it want to do.
One second I can breathe next second I sound like a excited overweight kid
The Facebook app for iPhone really really sucks
No real hope for tomorrow I can't wait for Friday.
would now be the wrong time to say we should get together someday?
RT : Hey I will be debriefing about the DCCodeathon at polc2010 on April 20 at 3ish!
hope to see some of y'all there!
: Most important thing I look 4 in a player is accountability.
U have 2 b accountable.
U cant blame things on someone else.
was it a good movie?
:
i'll just say it.
i think bleeps are hilarious.
Black Veil Brides own
Young basketball players, please avoid developing the habit of jump passing.
Having trouble sleeping, but When you are in Love you cant fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.
So wrong.
I like showing people new music.
I'm not really sure why.
Fashion is fleeting.
Style is timeless.
Our style?
CG Philosophie The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.........
hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh
Everyone keeps saying Like a Boss psssh too much responsibility.
LikeAnIntern that's the new thing!
I agree!
Whatever girl ends up with him is dang lucky
I love you too!!!
Or perhaps it's a URL shortened referral to an amazon associates link to get a percentage cut from anyone that clicks and orders...
Hi, I'm Robert Downey Jr.
and I am simply irresistible.
It is a Gorgeous day out!
Let's go egg hunting!
Lol Everyone Enjoy x
My bd tell me every other day how great of a mother I am and how he is lucky to be parenting with me!
Why, Plan 9, , today of course.
What2ChainzWouldSay Took ya girl and I'll do it again.
My girl thick yours super thin.
Gotta yellow hoe  a brown hoe what I call em?
MMs!
Alot of these niggaz ain't seen or did shit!!
Don't believe the hype!!
hello all and how are you i do not twitter alot i little new at it but what do you want me to twett about
Best place in the world  Review of Walt Disney World, Orlando, FL ...: Walt Disney World: Best place in the world  See traveler rev...
61 more followers to get to 1000 calling all simpsonizer and pastry girls your mission get us to 1000 today
Thanks for the digitalsisterhood love!
I have been trying to use Google more lately.
The more I use it the more I enjoy it.
we're getting help from our good friend Maya tonight to continue setting up our home studio.
Yay!
ut oh.
lights out.
Exactly 5 yrs ago Grindhouse was released.
1st major motion picture for Dan Jimenez as the Editorial assistant
Why is there some girls ugly ass niples on my timeline!!
I tend to agree with her.
Ur not 'only' one, but some act like childoctorn especially on Twitter.
how come?
Heath Bell blows.
doctornking coffee has never been so Fun, Healthy, and professortable.
Indeed.
With pics!
I want to know so please RETWEET .
.
.
.
Hey Sexy Followers what do you want to talk about ??
Happy Mothers Day :
: I could careless about the people talking  wishing bad on me...
ima do me regardless sorry for the crazies
I dont know if all boyscouts are gay as they probably tie the nought like 50 dufferent ways.
30 pages into The Hunger Games, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend.
followed.
Follow back ?
please ask the Boyz to shout out Julia from Florida and i want to know if you could live anywhere where would it be??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
don't.
lol thats so funny.
no I AM about that life.
ask she knows I am.
Welcome and to Broadway!
They both begin previews tonight!
RT : He dug the grand canyon.
Garnett just said he a f problem lol I love the energy
i want you.
Lots of ice cream!
Were the readers' reports at least helpful?
Or just snarky?
Heading to NYC today for a conference, friends, and family time.
Kick save  a beauty!
I robbed a bank.
I move in June 1st  could use all the help I can get haha
this is legit
I like you too much to unfollow you.
Thank you!
Some people have the darkest/nastiest hearts.
Sure will Hon Thank you I LOVE YOU TOO
Why Does every Charles Barkley Weight Watchers commercial sound and look like he abused cocaine for 3 months straight?.
Everything is coming up Roses!
Rose Bowl that is!
Go Badgers!
Food Specials, doctornk Specials and the Best Bartenders Around!
RT : In all seriousness, it's nice to see Madonna's mom in the spotlight.
: Sales Tell your prospect what they DON'T need to buy.
It saves them money  gives you credibility.
AND CREATES PERSPECTIVE!!
Nothing Much Bro!
Getting ready to get in some Morning Cardio!
We've just published a new edition of our newsletter!
You can check it out on our website and get the latest information from Senior Help
RT : I'm Old enough to Know Better  Young enough to not Give a Fck
whatd u say to alex
Actual shit sfx texted.
Featured Bit  'Shats R Us.
Listen at www.freekshowradio.com
Ha!
HighFive RT : Absolutely embarrassed Teen and got down to salt n peppa on the dance floor
Just once I'd like to see a disaster/end of the world type movie where Washington, DC actually survives.
Is that too much to ask?
S/o to all the kids who aren't going to gradventure because you started a food fight.
Smart.
it must be a great opportunity for H to move to Cleveland what are you going to do?
sicktired
I meant marching band
Eating Easy Cheese because you hate yourself.
Eating Easy Cheese because it's a salty substitution for tears.
Two phenomenal alumae serve on our board: Nzinga Tull  chair Carrie Ellis.
RT : I am DYING to see really good dancers dance to Up!!
Someone make a video already!
Thier twitter tweeted it!
:D its at the old orchard mall in skokie, u have to buy a book for writbands which u have to get may 23
follow she is so cool her tweets are so funny
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
I hope all is well.
Y'all spam me!
I guess in the least fav body part!!
:'
Finished our rush week with a bang at the James Bond Goes to Rehab Party!
Good luck on those applications, due Wednesday!
As soon as Hamas cannot attack Civilians then the process of rebuilding Gaza will begin.
Many Jews will also help rebuild Gaza
oh, well i'm just trying to make you smile again.
Sorry.
Two donations to my charity tonight.
Super stoked!
Why is this weather so crazy?
It's 50s one minute and upper 80s the next minute.
It's better now.
GOP BULLSHIT ON DEFICITS AND DEBT IS NEGATING YOU TO HAVE A JOB.
GOVERNMENT SPENDING CREATES DEMAND AND JOBS
Find a chair that is big enough for the two of you to share and sit in it.
: RT If Hot Topic and a gordita supreme had a baby it would be Guy Fieri.
I'm amazing at karaoke, I could take on ANYBODY.
Shout out to President Martin Sheen for putting country first, despite your child's public cries for help
Fair perspective, but I disagree.
I find the connection polite and worthwhile.
HAHAHAHAH OW I MISSED YOU SO MUCH
RT : RT : Dear librotraficante our FB community loves the logo of the fist with the books
Feeling sort of sorry for myself.
Hubby and best friend went off for mtnbike ride, but I don't feel 100.
I know I need to stay home...
:
.
Thanks you for opposing a terrible bill that is a huge affront to our civil liberties.
that's awesome.i have to tell you that last year we went undefeated, won it all...
but this year,in kid pitch.....ouch.
good luck
Q5 I LOVE Pinterest  you report your brand's news story or blog posts in pictures  get referring traffic!
Watching last weeks Project Runway Allstars with ; somebody made a neon lights Scorpion from Mortal Kombat
Free bike repairs and chair massage at the interbay urban center.
Anyone wanna text?
Will ever follow me?
May 4 I'm making a decision for the better
Aw shucks...
thanks!
:
For all the assaults on his integrity, Fred Durst was pretty upfront about doing it all for the nookie.
iwannagiveashoutout to my girl friend
thank you baby!.
Much is needed to restructure the Trust and to clarify the relationship between the Trust and the DC government.
Did you read the language in Petrino's morals clause?
Appears to give Arkansas full discretion in making that call.
I hate the
Being with MarineMax gives us access to more inventory nationwide than any other dealer in the U.S.
That's only part of what makes us
I'm in your city :
Interesting challenge.
Maybe a hosted CSV?
We'll look into it.
Yet fixed, somehow, before Best Makeup.
Proof of how much disposable income is out there.
Or impulse buying.
Observations of the Day: 1.
NARA has its own subculture, 2.
Historians have their own fashion code.
You need to know both to make it work.
Learning about the stimulus pkg and nonprofessorts
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift!
12 mile run first, THEN derby party and wedding time!
I dont get why freshmen are hating on the eighth graders, that was us just last year..
give them a chance
CoCo gets his run back and defeats Toiyet to advance to winners finals of his pool.
RT : Common sense is one of Capricorn most valuable assets
Wouldn't it be the first this year?
Great stuff!
good evening!!
Natural Pain Relieving Gels is available in both a WARM  COOL therapy.
We have ALWAYS been a NATURAL product.
yep, the rest is Marvel
Curious about ppl who packed up desk at wk running frantic.
Bet those guys would rather it end than walk in Mon w/sad box of office supplies
I ate about 10 chocolate digestives last night.
And a pear.
the one before this was like 225 to 30.
O.o
New truth: The first cause cannot always be the company.
It must also be manager's deep fulfillment within the company.
If game 7 was in Denver, it would be a lock for the Nuggets.
s/o 2oo : have a great day tomorrow, goodnight sweet doctorams :
So simple, but so yummy...
damn u already sleep like u dead we Dnt need u to kill nothing in the back of that bih
Does Hulk smash?
RT : Are you ready for the Avengers movie Kasper?
You're lumping me in with some good company, there.
I love how Rudy is asleep on the phone and he didn't hang up 3
sexualcultures on separations of reproduction from the female body: pregnant men, Shulamith Firestone.
Still looking 4 a grip for HomeBrewed webseries shoot this wknd.
Dir.
by w/ producing
Shelly  will you permit me a brief explanation?
I wanna be a model.
S/O To U Diggz Keepin' That Stack Bundles Legacy Going..Best Rapper Of All Time
he's only continuing the tradition of last season.
I blame ownership.
Optimum time for webinar is 90 minutes.
2 hour classroom converts into 90 minutes
Bosh is such a pansy.
How was your day Mama Mahone?:
Very cool map.
You've gotta check out my story.
pdx offering GREAT new service for those trying to escape domestic violence
thanks for the mention!
:
Kevin Garrnet Shot A 3 pointer what the world is coming 2
Thank you, President , for taking a stand.
May 9, 2012 will be remembered as an historic day for equality.
Ok...here we go.
Today was pretty good : But im sure tomorrow will be better
We are offering a Free trial of Seroquel XR 30 tablets.
No religion here today.
Rory wears orange and Martin wears green.
I got a new haircut and got my braces off:::
Who wants lunch??
How about pasta?
Pasta Robusta: Grilled chicken breast, broccoli, onions, sundoctored tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce
kids Mckeesport Childoctorn's Room  Mother goose Storytime for childoctorn ages Birth to 35 months: Mckeesport Childoctorn's Room  Mother goose...
Nothing like having a conversation with a dude in a pirate hat at 8:00am.
San Francisco, I love you.
I have a lot of confidence in Rick.
He has proven us he can make great ingame adjustments.
Finally got a gym membership yesterday xD gonna start projectswole soon with
The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime.
Tim Tebow named the 2 QB in Denver!
Brady Quinn continues to disappoint in the NFL
make me some?
:
RT : John Derbyshire fired after 30yearlong racist outburst
how long does the bad last?
Hours,days or weeks?
Anything particular trigger it?
we plan to do these free paranormal gettogethers/chats every other month.
Know of a nice place in Indy with free private room?
This guy is wearing a crewneck with a mugshot of MLK jr.
Amazing!!!!!!!!
The top 2 tech skills that are in demand today are Systems and Network Engineers and Software Developers, .NET, Java, PHP, and MySQL
At least I didn't misspell misspell just then
By A, I meant my own.
small clarification 
Kim we are looking forward to seeing you there!
Thanks for the retweet!
hi,boy followback me
Went to a lacrosse game in the rain and now my pants/underwear are soaked through
I love the contractors who have no idea what they're doing!
Keeps me busy repairing their mistakes
En route to Minneapolis to host a college readiness workshop at the American Indian Science  Engineering Society Conference tomorrow
Yay summer here it comes
Thanks Rebecca.
And I was reading your piece on subway on way home.
VG, as always.
Morning world!
Loved the movie SinnersAndSaints!
Have now bought 4copieskept 1gave 3 as giftsIncredible shooting, intense Action!
Can't wait for sequel
I just made chocolate mouse from avocados....freaking yum...who knew....
Recording For a While and mister D in Studio A MTSU.
Get ready for our next double the trouble EP!
10 days till is in Dallas!
asdffghjkl IM SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate feeling this
Hey !!
OMG !!
i just made an awesome electrohouse music song thatz so amazing !!
itz the best one i've made on Clubcreate
tomorrow is my bday could u be so kind as to so me a happy bday tomorrow n follow me?
Plz!
It would be the best if u did!
I know...right?!
Today much better...and I'm getting a killer tan!
How was your trip?
This bitch making my allergies flare up
No offense taken...
:D
The French election was very close, even with Hollande leading by over 10 pts.
The lesson?
France is at an impasse.
I totally love when uses her mom voice  a heinous disregard for women and young girls...
bleach your hair :.
I hope you enjoy the game tonight!
And be safe out there!
pick a good team though, not a greed doctorven club ha
It's amazing have BoyMahomies in our family 3
Morning Jay!!!
Cmon Roy trick another
: contextfree poetry quote of the day, Dyings the best / Of all the arts men learn in a dead place, from James Wright.
anybody else in sacramento feel a mild earthquake just now?
Working on a song yet again..hayden needs to help me again!
haha :P
: Morning!!
Good Morning....HAVE A GOOD DAY!
Im not gunna lie, i do love scoobydoo though ....
I gained 5 lbs in the first week of 2012.
Is leap year the equivalent of opposite day, only an entire year?
ur tweets make me want to punch a baby squirrel
I always look at girls wit big asses grab mine then gag!!!!
Steak and shrimp
Yup, is an outstanding tool  especially when you have a new or distributed team.
Two thumbs up.
Check us out on Facebook!
is on twitter, brilliant 
yeah baby
no manu,no.problem we got this
Instagram has NOTHING on the Senate ID Office's filters.
Every year, they manage to make me look extra puffy, blearyeyed, and
you've done a great job staying a step ahead on realignment.
Keep it up!
Solid insight.
Joe Sacco said if you throw a bomb in the U of C comiccon today you'd wipe out a couple of generations of comic book artists.
that's awesome.
Let's do it.
wat up riri u r going to c me weekend so look out
Been playing around with the new Kodak Zi8 and the Zx1 for HD footage.
Gotta say I'm pretty impressed!
not sure what this is reply to...?
Only three more days left to save 20 on your online order!
Don't forget to use promo code WEBLUV at checkout!
Please wish a Happy Birthday to my lovely wife Rena.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star : LOL :
I hate knowing things.
Well, still has one entry left.
Here's hoping that we can all split it if one of us wins deal is on.
your keeping the team alive man
I really need to stop this whole talking thing.
That's right at a time when most services up their prices for one game.
The man who was handicapper of the year 2011 Jrich is saying give it
At Library of Congress to see 's lecture on the James Webb Space Telescope.
I 3 big telescopes.
Nail Salon  :
ON AIR TIME UNTIL EPISODE 01:47:56 GUEST CALLIN 4780089 call in we want to hear from u
US factory growth best in 10 months; Dow passes fouryear high
Thanks so much for RT!
Happy hump day!
Don't Tread on Me, end it now 2012
quoting James Murphy: the best way to complain is to make things
blogtv is acting so stupid right now, smh.
Book your next hair appointment now, 813 9102770
up and down x1000
The things we can do with 20 minutes girl
Food folks  my first issue of Lucky Peach magazine arrived.
Anybody read it?
Opinions??
At work
Come play squares at the Granicus booth...giving away prizes
holy tamale, is dangerous!
The total headquarters staff is about 18 to 20.
Seven of us work on media and publications.
so adorable
The best revenge is to be successful.
It is to stay strong  move forward in life; never stopping, never giving up, never take a step back.
we must be working in the same place...18 y/o cva in PVS, mother trying to feed him, yikes!
Love may make the world go round, but it's romantic love that makes the ride worthwhile.
I Want Some Mcdonalds, Somebody wanna brinq me some ?
lbs
it's ok it goes with him 
NyQuil doesn't even work these days....
Vincent Doyle, pres of NY State Bar Assn, is relaying history of MacCrate report, R5.4, decision that nonattys should not join with attys
Taylors do what they wanna do.
For me personally I pride myself on doing things that are different,unacceptable and weird.
Currently over 100 online viewers of igniteSmithsonian.
How many people in seats?
ma jam
JUST BOUGHT MY 2013 TOUR TICKETS!
ROW 4 FROM STAGE!
PUMPED!
just 1 year..i can do it.
lol malick got his mama buyn him a nike shirt lol she reading all the shirts to him we just in the background laughfn
Bored out of my mind.
Aqua is getting its finishing details before going to its new home in South Beach FL.
BlankaCreative opinion on Helena V's photosI absolutely love them, they are very creative, excellent work
Tell your friends to like our page!!
Tag us in a post  talk to us
And lucky me for meeting you!
Its not really bad yet but this rita got me feeln like its 30 below
Wow, this week's episode on fundoctorising, lobbyists and the power of  in US government is great, but depressing as hell.
parker has inspired things in wolfie.
like a cat nip addiction and a fondness for playing ball.
enough to base any conclusion on, 23yr old is not a kid.
Poseys future is not 100.
Its a big unkn, so still a relevnt concern.
Just made my flight to Pensacola.
Ran so good in this spot seeing how I was obv late!
Skipped checkin and security lines!!
It is not to inform God of anything that we make our petitions, but instead, that we may detach ourselves from the cares of life
Take time 2 deconstruct the constructions that have bn handed 2 U  U accepted w/out question as U work towards constructing yr new reality.
I speak the truthgreat work!
And dittoI always appreciate the encouragement from you and others on my ClioS12 assignments.
La La La Warming up for a afternoon of auditions
didnt no your ass back then
This Tuesday just feels like it's a Client Swag Tuesday.
Stay tuned later today for a little raffle :
Today's English speaking Wikipedia featured article, Stephen Crane, The Red Badge of Courage
Join us tonight for Simplified, PJ Bottoms and River City RisingDoors  8pm Tickets 12.00
Thursday?!
I'm done with class at 3:18.
Never stress something that won't matter a year from now
Wait it might b little 8D lls.
No one ever says E or Vin were their favorites.
Least interesting leads ever.
Hope you have fun tonight.
3
When were you not a bear?
Who else walks in the cold, with shorts?
It seems to me that the world is on the verge of a major wake up call.
It's tough to lie when everyone has a camera and access to the www.
RT nice pic!
Haven't lived in Denver since '07, miss Coors Field.
PetCo ain't bad though.
Opportunity makes the thief.
Ive got an idea for sharktank each week have huge dunking tank with large rubber shark.
The rudest host gets dunked!
What are you cooking??
Ok, making sure, knew his comment about super fans, wondering where the KC shot came from.
Why I don't expand on other's words
Scale without substance is not sustainable
!!!!
When doctorta called her DJ Repeat, I was done.
RT : I can't stand Karen 
I was reminded this week at ASTD2012 more than once, that I need to find pockets of silence during the week to think  anchor myself,
It's so pathetic that one of these teams will be playing for the eastern conference title
Your actions will tell me everything I need to know....thankful for discernment
Hope you can make my presentation tonight, Barry.
Celebrating October birthdays of the great clarinetists: Eddie Daniels, Stan Hasselgard.
hooray!
So glad you made it all official.
:
doin' it right.
Watching Cheech and Chong and smoking is like watching the Food Network while eating
I'm not a big Will Farrel fan, but Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna ....
humminahumminahummina.....
doctorol Movies it is!
That makes sense.
I wasn't sure/gap in my knowledge.
You should write a tome, or two, on the history of
Good job, Homer.
Looking good tonight.
One more inning?
...to sworn personnel.
faces a 2.2 million shortfall and is considering contracting out with CalFire as a result.
Lebron is not the leader of the Big 3.
God damn you ABC/ESPN
happy thanksgiving and congrads on winning the wwe title.
im happy ur the wwe champ instead of alberto deil rio.
And a JayHay streak end.
At least someone taught him how to take a pitch.
I don't think that dude ran up 2 balls in all of 2011.
Penguins Thank you for an awesome season!
oh is it now
Last time I checked people should be happy where they work.
Don't come running back to me when you get treated the same way you treated me 
Sookie stackhouse and bill Compton are on my plane
Gay ass professorle picture lmaoo
Devil's advocate: Doesn't say they haven't TRIED it :
Do you not think so far ahead?
Had a great visit with Lea Kemp and Kathryn Murano at RMSC to talk about one of our interns  who by all accounts did a fabulous job.
ThisChristmas we all want to go abroad at the SPI offices.
Christmas!
aw....
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it doctormatically.
I'd like to thank Frank Purdue for putting the chicken wing on St.
Mary's
agreed.
Reading and viewing different.
Happy Dictionary Day!
Follow our friends  they are giving away Miami Hurricanes basketball tickets!
good luck winning!
Thank you William!
You're the best!
IT SHOW U WHAT KINDA SYSTEM WE LIVIN' IN WHEN A MAN CAN STEAL YA NAME DEAD OR ALIVE  U CAN'T DO SHIT ABOUT IT.
HOW GAY IS DAT?
DICK RIDERS!
the difference is that Miles outcoached Saban for the 2nd yr in a row and wildly more successful at LSU than Saban was.
Fact!
Thank you!
Have had a great first day!
Philippines Research  for History MUN Makes me think of Julian Lmaoo!
I think you made a great decision!
What a fantastic dance for DWTS has talent this year.
Go Pack Go
waahhh my body is so sore after my first training sesh 
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
shyt me 2 its a boring ass day!!
haha most definitely!
You do the same
Freak it up beat it up eat it up beat it up i like da fact she like it rough
how do are you able to post so many comments so quickly?
Trying to learn how to use Twitter...
Dear sir on the train.
I am not food and you are creeping me out looking at me like im breakfast.
Stop.
OMG Mimi!
how scary!!
Confused moment when your walking and a car honks at you.....STRANgER dANGER!!
Lol
Deaded the chinstrap yesterday.
All it did was remind me of the fact that I can't grow a beard.
It was survived by a goatee.
Fill in the blanks: I wish my dentist .
But outdoor Digital Media advertising is not as simple as putting a flat screen TV on a wall.
smh so are we doing something tomorrow?!
O, sherlock is back!
Yep, we're pretty much made for each other.
; Twitter doesn't lie.
Going out in Ft.Lauderdale tonight..
who's in the area  wanna come party it up??
: IL Mee or Honey Pig in Annandale!
Enjoy!
Thanks Angie!!!
Thanks, Bonnie.
The feeling is mutual!
Love the phrase wicked problems  JSB at
huh geez just saw cowboys owner jerry the facelift jones on tv dont c him much on tv huh
You once told me to always take care of your family...my little sisters haven't seen you in four years.
My back spasms are coming back bodyofanoldman 
Yeahh That shit not proper aha.
I wanna parrot!
an I wanna teach it how to say vete ala chingada wey!
that would be TOOFUNNY!
xD
so glad your here friday:
2nd vote on City Council Pos.
3, neither Meacham or Harrell got 60 votes, so no endorsement on this position.
miss you guys!
David Malmuth is speaking my language at aesummit2012.
Namedoctorpping Joe Cortright, walkability, metrics for IDEA District
she'd b critiquing you the whole time and rolling her eyes like she was bored.
OK.
work is done.
Now it's capper time.
Helms down.
Shields up.
Swords doctorwn.
Let's rock and roll!
I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to feel this way about Bieber..
but I would let him be my boyfriend.
Imani: I have a crush on all the infants!
Goodnight!
Lights out.
:p
RT FBI Director Mueller confirms agency has opened 'preliminary investigation' into JPMorgan 
If he's cheated on you once, he will do it again.
I wouldn't get your hopes up.
can't believe I missed it ya'll!
that was unreal.
Holy shit.
Birthdays suck.
wait I just got that shut up biotch
Anyone wanna play 'Words with Friends' with me?: add me Joshdeane
y u hater dont leave my ella 666 alone and mind your own business
well, its certainly more socially acceptable than the other one!
Wade can you follow me so I can DM you :
Friday's episode will be themed with 90's alternative rock.
Got a request that fits in this category?
Reply or use
Precious!
Happy birthday!
wait wait  not the one you showed me, right?
BucciOvertimeChallenge Beagle and Marchand.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
Jim Morrison
i don't!
It just popped up on that activity thing and it said Melissa was following them so I thought I would give it a gander
: Dad: every day is mothers day Mom: BULL FUCKING SHIT!!!
happymothersday haha
Did u know about JAMACHI Spa?
We give great massages.
Just ask for Maku, Joel or Barbara and Call 301.585.0888
The basic essential of a great actor is that he loves himself in acting.
Joining tonight's Legendary dobbs show 10pm are The Perfects out of Maryland!
featuring Jimmie's Chicken Shack guitarist, Island Styles!
LOL I agree.
Emo isn't even the word now to describe him smh
Headache.
Not Migraine, thank goodness.
Just Headache.
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
How can the full service line move faster than the bag doctorp line in Orlando?
Makes absolutely no sense.
Not impressed with Windows8.
Looks like they phoned it in.
Or maybe a third grader did.
Amazing!
NYR.
MSG is rocking!
A1 Pizza, of course!
Followed by chips  dip and possibly some wings
Love your helper elf!
xoxo
SeussBday always reminds me how I get inordinately annoyed at people who spell it doctor Suess.
Listen here, you little EW.
Do you REALLY want to start something with me?
I've made people cry, and I'm proud of it.
It's a beautiful day in the LBK!
Don't forget that you'll get 10 off today if you come in and say SuperDuper Saturday to us!
not worth it!
: I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.
GET OVER IT KTHXBYE
Full house tonight at digisports conference at Georgetown.
Big discussion on mobile  sports w/ reps from 
I'm good at what I do.
Get those umbrella handy we're looking at some serious rain later tonight and tomorrow.
Looks like it's going to be a wet weekend too!
get it bro.
Couldn't resist herb plants at the farmers marketrosemary, lemon thyme, lemon verbena, and two mints.
congrats and good luck!
Ready to fuck.
I have to talk about old issues..because im like your ex..i just cant move on
Work Hard....doctornk Right....And be Responsible!!
The best Vodka on the planet in my opinion.
Uguguguguh tornado every where else in Florida expect for where I live, great.
having 50,000 followers won't help if they are all twitterbots.
No one is really following you they're just automated follwers
Mega Millions Jackpot is now 206 million...now that's a sign to play the office pool since I work for 206 Tours!
:p Heyy you never know!
oh, you.
Sleep well.
we all have a good heart but in due time it could always turns ugly.
ha another restless night ......
well guess no sleep again /:
They were sleeping lol
About to hit legs today.
Workout days good days
Goodnight people of God!!
have a blessed night!
D
When did your dog become a wizard?
That's wizard beard.
Also, good job on the whole attorney thing.
That's a doctoram job.
It wouldn't matter if anything you did or said made sense, probably nobody would notice if you didn't show up.
Not gonna lie I wanted Marko to win
i stabbed a porn star becox I'm sexy lol
Might lose my day job because I refuse to make a boxed mix?
So be it.
pathetic RT : MB just called it the Valentine's Day massacre.
blazers go down at home 124109 to the umm ...
Wizards.
Today.
I found a 12min monster doctormming jam with Matt Rickle and Aaron Quillen.
Should I share with the world?!
pelvic thrusts
Skillex and deadmau5 need to collaborate ASAP!!!!!!!!
as long as I get a turn
yes lol!
He kinda cute
segregation is over...let all the dogs play together :
Go Bruins!
RT That's the kind of reckless effort that wins playoff games.
HUGE goal to tie this thing.
Yeah  that seems pretty tacky, and desperate looking.
I love it when I receive direct tweets from people I follow ;
She Said She Only Fcked About 45 Nggas , So You Know Youu Gottuuh Multiply By Three .
Thanks for the follow!
Welcome to Jax!
My roommate bought chocolate wine and it's pretty much the best thing ever.
In honor of American Heart Month: did you know that you can protect your heart by exercising at least three times a week?
I think for a medium body habano it is pretty good.
Great constuction and well balanced.
I'm certain there should be somewhere nearby.
Lots of bike racks in the Kendall Sq.
area.
I have presale codes for DEATH CAB FOR CUTIE at bridgestone on aug 10th!
Misleading headline there
Haircut at 7 today, finally.
I can tell you this, we hit it off immediately and I think you and Val are in for a treat!
BTW, tell Val not to rent convertibles!
thank you!!!
Thank you for the follow, definitely need to keep updated on konwledge in design!
Cheers!
me too
same to my mother!
Enjoying the Oscar tweets!!
Keep 'em comin!!
Netflix suggestion of the day: AE on Human Sacrifice  Sundays were made for this!
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Outstanding leadership uniquely combines vision with direction to move forward and create change.
Hollllllup son...MCA passed???
Beasties did SO much for
RT If Sarah Palin lived in the UK she would get free contraception and mental health care
if u had to choose b/w seeing or big time rush which would it b?
It better b the cute ones with the cute accents.
I'll send you a pic next January when I get my braces off : THEN WE WILL HAVE NAKED TEETH TOGETHER
Just popped down
5 weeks until Florida :
Judgments of others are alienated expressions of our own unmet needs.

Wow!
Im going home now...
just completed me.
Thank you!
I will...this is Twitter
and I are on our way to PAWS Chicago to pick up a couple puppies to foster!
So excited!
Tonight was crazy.
Good night world.
Anyways, goodmorning y'al .
Do the right thing and get the right thing done to you
If I was the bachelor, I'd pick you!
JUST FIGURED OUT WHY THEY ALL SOUND ALIKE, THEY NEED 2 UNDO THEM JEANS, BETTER YET, GET SUM THAT FIT  WEAR A SMALLER BELT BUCKLE!!!
LOL
Yay!!!
Made it on the plane after all!
I wonder if will ever tweet me again and follow me.
What's the bad news?
Does this qualify as a Dick joke?
Well we are finally on the way tired oh and im HATE small spaces!
just heard donald trump on hip hop nation...holla
Got a new hair cut:
I really miss talking to my old twitter friends like :
.
Most definitely.
I didn't like jelly beans anyway!
Ice Cream time!: yum!
Happy 3rd Birthday to one of the best little cousins ever, Kinley!3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII  video poker giveaways.
prizes include trips, cash  ipods loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox.
see bartender
Very fitting that Red Solo Cup plays on the doctorve home from HH with and
Yeah, I'm sure I'll get one.
I don't see how it can't be interesting.
Barkley believes Javale Mcgee will play well and they will upset a banged up Lakers team.
ahhahahah..not yet, i just noticed it last night...it had a bunch of suggestions recorded..i'll try watching it later tonight
Loving this up tempo Caps play.
three!
Is that too many?
can't wait to see you
Sometimes you walk 30 blocks and then accidentally end up at Magnolias.
I'm gonna win 's One Direction contest;
that's unhealthy!
GO SLEEP!
If the wine is sour, throw it out!
Michelangelo Sorry for the wait y'all, it's gotta be right!
;
Men can read maps better than women.
Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equaling a hundoctord miles.
Attn RW trolls.
I don't mind a civil debate.
However, when I get the better of you, don't get personal.
You'll be blocked.
Follow : follow follow follow :
oh how you make me laugh.
so you're getting cold sweats cause your shit?
Why do I let Jon Stewart and Stephen colbert ruin my REM cycle?
Who out there is celebrating Cinco de Mayo with us!?
RT : Want to volunteer at our Craft Beer Block during the North Park Festival of Arts, Sunday May 20th?
Please contact......
hey trevor follow me buddy
no problemo...hope u give lots of doctornken cinco de doctornko calls tomorrow
Lol JK, hug and a kiss :
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS
WhenImAlone I doctoram of Indian Spices and Chocolate coming together in perfect harmony.
Do you think it's possible?
KXAN's : I'm hungry for stories.
Congratulations to Brandie on her engagement!
By the way that you crush on mee !
Ohh baby baby oh.
come to the urban farm  make art.
i have cameras.
wonder if the artboys w/duck masks will return  bit.ly/dAUPYp
I want all of these in one movie.
Happy 18th Birthday!
You are officially an adult, that is crazy!
Hope you have a fabulous day!
The pomegranate revolution in processed food is getting a little long in the tooth.
You're not knocking corn sweetener out of number one.
When you reread a classic you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before.
C.
Fadiman
Finally made it to Canfield, time to check out all the goodies at the fair
luckily a kerfuffle occurred with the maitre d that prevented my tweets from making a scene!
Big firms face slow times in bankruptcy ASM11 but is on fire ....
consumer bankruptcy still very busy.
Got a grant for college!
since real recognize real, is Louisville for real?
teamblackout is having a great time tonight
...was it true?
If so, gross.
Maybe everyone thought my St Paddy's Day party was today.
can't believe it's almost JUNE!!
Busy reworking some scenes in a new series...
Had the best time with my cousin Julian tonight, had a few doctornks, got a little heart broken, and now its time 4 bed :
China Express
oh joyful LOL truck has been at freightliner since monday so they got me working the yard this week.
90 degrees and no ac lol
Ha, yes!!
I have a Breville, i think an 800 or 900 watt
RT : If you are attending the HIMSS CNIO Luncheon today, make sure to tag your tweets with DFWHIMSS!
Hope to see you there!
Great weather.
Good crowd.
Dope party thus far.
No prob homie!
RT: : kicking it bro but thanks for the retweet bro
Had hockey last night, and hit the gym this morning with I'm a bad m'fr.
You can now use Skype to connect with anyone on Fbook?!
I feel like everything relies on fbook whiten any end well...
: steelers have moved Wes Lyons to tight end.
At 69 260, he is a beast.
I like this move, but is he strong enough?
lets do it!
lunch time flash mob!
RT : imma dance like that tomorrow!
New Rams followup people!
The future is bright!
Paragon here we come!
Oh my, I just performed Al Green on UStream hopefully everyones ears are okay.
I need to catch up on my z's.:P
Blinded by the light!!!
Lol.
Jealous minds they think alike.
Energy doctornks are a good and bad thing..would be what I meant to say smile
Tragedy.
I miss Stella.
Haven't had one in forever.
Follow me Thanks!:
will do.
The Scottsx2 and Friends would shake LA up.
Can't wait to see u.
sorry, you're just so sexy it's hard not.
;
I'm becoming way too addicted to house of anubis ..
Stagingaintervention :P
You know, I have stayed in Seaside, but I have never been to the famed Red Bar in Grayton Beach.
Now I HAVE to go.
I love Russell Simmons, but vegan's are plant murderers.
I hope he's plantin' trees.
Go Ribs!
All i want for christmas is a SJ13 new contract deal with the bills!
I've been pretty happy with the ASUS UL30A.
or ask for a lime instead and take a shot !!
Fucking tablet died !
WHILE I WAS PLAYING ANGRY BIRDS IN SPACE gt;.lt;
Honestly, a part of me hate basketball right now.
Why doe it have to happen to such a good kid like Rose?
2 may talk together under the same roof for many years, yet never really meet;  2 others at first speech are old friends.Mary Catherwood
TGIF!
Try your best to catch up and stay caught up.
Tough now, but saves time  stress in the long run :
I'm good cuz how about u ??
I'm getting sick :/
Normally I can trace geting sick to lack of sleep but this thing just seems to be coming out of nowhere.
On the bright side, s/o to mother nature for the free car wash.
Oh man, I had that happen to me yesterday.
At Comedy Works for South Metro Denver Chamber Small Business Leadership Awards.
Mike Will Made It...
At least it was just the sleeve.
Usually it's take off the shirt, than the pants just to show off his small watch.
I wanna punch Gasol in the face when he gets excited
If H.P.
Lovecraft were alive today, he would be into Norwegian Black Metal, especially Gorgoroth.
My Dixie Wrecked
President's Day Special: FREE shipping all day Monday.
Use code UNCLESAM11 at checkout.
President'sDay
Press Release: Actor Patrick Wilson Returns to Alma Mater ...
I bcc that.That way nobody,and believe me when I say nobody, will find out CC's Cache.
Actually, for the record cc's a dump
The existence of people who still read books makes ME very happy this morning!
:
I feel like I need a mental health day  I don't see a day off in my near future.
Meep!
Eating Frosted Mini Wheats as fast as possible because they get nasty real quick
Recovering from a weekend at the Central Illinois Quilt Shop Hop.
We visited 11 shops in 2 days.
It was such fun even through the raindoctorps.
Gotta learn a New York accent ASAP  what are some recommended resources?
Feeling thankful for family, friends, career, and home.
Happy Thanksgiving!
our good friend Bob has.
Do you have questions?
Wish my boys and we're here to celebrate my 21st
Go UWS!
RT: : I was just awarded Broker of the Year for my 2011 Sales for the Westside Office!!
Rise and Shine!!!
The Homie is in town with Girl!
Gonna be a reunion!
Been one helluva day so far.
Freezing cold, joints hurt...
Neck is killing me.
And its only a couple hours into the day...
Ugh!!
oh me too!
I just made a cocktail out of G2 fruit punch, vodka,  frozen fruit.
Because the baby is asleep.
And that's all I had in the house.
Cheers!
The bible is the instruction manual for life
then yeah, def tell her lol
Facebook is like a fridge.
When you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it.
Could eat the kitchen staff meal every day.
Exciting day/presentation with BIG idea today  accountability at remote/unmanned locations CAN be achieved.
Elease is seriously an actress lol
yeah u were
booze makes everything taste better, duh!
Went through my proactive book saw justins picture took it out and hung it on my wall haha I love you 3
U cannot make up u'r own def'n blatantly contrad std 1, and then accuse me of not talking prop 4 not following u'r made up defn
RT Patriots release veteran RB/FB Sammy Morris, per his agent,
Bravo!
These companies and organizations are really trying to overstep people's personal bounds these days.
Ridiculous!
any words of advice to the people we will be meeting at NSHMBA11 this week?
Looking for great talent for
hope you have a great Triples trip on Friday!
Sorry to hear you were stuck in traffic yesterday
My Packers got Nick Perry who!!
Go Pack Go!!
So happy I can stay connected to the people I care about most in America.
On my way to Paris :
Blonde before graduation.
Yaaaaay!
yeah we are
VICOM125 Students: I'm sitting with the author of our textbook at the airport in Orlando.
We're on the same flight to Milwaukee.
don't their buses run on natural gas?
They cause earthquakes too.
Fml
working on an imprinted pen order.
Thanks Huong!
wow i am really blonde when it comes to playing call pof duty its fun though
Just improvised a white chocolate raspberry silk torte on the fly for a tasting in 2 hrs.
Fingers crossed.
The best Hulk there has ever been.
my name is also rod and i like to party
awww!
: just remember: your feelings deserve to be honored as much as everyone else's.
Don't prioritize them by risking u.
you missed the Spinny Bar closing Plenary remarks at the mobile parade
Enjoy, enjoy!
I thought it'd be something encouraged.
It's too damn hot
twitter war.....?
I THINK YES :D
The guy sitting in front of me looks like Stu from the Hangover
is tired of trying, sick of crying, yea I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying :p
wait..where's the funny part that was talking about?!NATH!haha
I wish I were sane.
Sane people have friends.
To keep them sane.
Love when my Vovo send me a valentines day card with 5 in it!
I wonder if is at the Cubs/Cards game today.
goodluckcharm :
such beautiful veils!
Made my heart melt just a tad!
0844 880 2010....It's the only number you'll need for all your business telecom requirements :
Of course!
Is mediation right tries to review CEO's education records with previews and outs of Afghan war.
RT : Hydoctorte hydoctorte HYdoctorTE today ladies !!more like SHOP SHOP SHOP!
LOL
Heading to UW basketball media days.
Updates coming soon!
Stay calm
Glad you like it!
Will definitely pass along the congrats to the right folks!
we need to plan a trip here!
And the run situation was horrific, yet hilarious.
What's up with all these casino table games with these mindbending difficultass rules?!
, you guys are safe!
AA credit rating, huh...
I guess I should start investing in barrels and suspenders.
I thought they canceled that show?
I love it that my boyfriend stands up for me when people are being rude and talking shit about me :/ 3Rainbows3P.L.U.R.3
aha, another instance of the true value of black life
What is this doornail that people are deader than?
Never saw one.
Kobe bout to lose a 150 m's

suga free 'till the dawn'
I agree lol
Just got back from taking a group of kids to see Earth at the El Capitan.
First 60 minutesGOOD!
Last 60 minuteswell let's just say long.
holy ishhhh is right.
route: Tenth Avenue Freeze Out.
Our running guru has apparently been listening to too much Bruce again.
Baby we were born to run!
soo your gonna be twitter famous really soon  I just want you to remember some of the people that first followed you3
Sending my love to u and mister C, I pray he feels better soon.
Just saw amazingly powerful video made by an AsianAmerican student for her class.
Shows the power of digital storytelling.
Wow.
Do you ever feel that some people should not be allowed to talk?
It's probably about 10 hours from Southwest Virginia.
yes I am.
I attended church with my thoroughly gorgeous young best friend Wendy, and we had breakfast at a place called The Pink Apple.
It was nice.
I did plz
Thx to ,  all who participated in today's socmed sessions w/  me for !
Good conversation.
Bro my verse to dat doctorke beat is bout to shock the fuck out of u..
my verse is ever rappers fav rappers fav rappers fav verse.
Life marches by, I suggest you get on with it.
Joy Baluch
Atlas Twitched
Yeah, and I love how he already has haters.
You know you're good if you're 19 and already have a ton of haters.
Chane  Griff working on finishing the dunk...
should i jus delete my facebook all together?
i think im leaning towards it!
Love it when you talk that talk to me!
And somebody just went by with a camera and tripod
:D 3 we gotta play black ops again!!
brady to Branch and a gain of 8 1st down.
Brady Passes deep and incomplete.
Hit one over the right field fence in little league practice tonight firsttime.
Opening day on Tuesday!!!
Today is a good day
I'm glad we're talking..
Get things laid out before we say goodbye for good...??
You missed the important part where he RUNS A REAL WOODSHOP IN CHICAGO!
HOLY SHITSNACKS!
Get at me!
get at me
Real soul music is NOT about loudness or booty calls.Listen to the greats and trueunderstanding will come
Good night tweetos!!
Ciao
My account was hacked sorry if something offensive was sent from my account have not been on until I received message from you
Have referred to sxswLAM folks as both library elves  the library cabal in the past week.
Seriously amazed at how much is happening.
So mad I doctorpped my phone...
I needa new outer box 
I glad kim got her foot in her neck...
stink pussy hoe!!!
Spark notes is a lifesaver thankthelord 
Y'all heifers gone stop laughing at me.
I'm stressed out by lack of sex over here 
When cats doctornk water, their tongues move so fast that the human eye cannot track what is happening.
RT : Granite don't take your mom.for granite..lmfaoooooooo....phones don't come with auto correct no more...
you're a good girl.
you were able to contain yourself.
jaredsullinger will be on sportscenter for the wrong reasons
Right  but fun that it's in MN!
playing all night be there
gah so stressed out right now!
last night in dc until 2012!!
Do you ever sleep?
Workin'
Its not enough to just say I believe and not question anything.
Those questions help us grow in the gospel, it does not show disrespect.
Happy Monday!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Easter Sunday
leave my man alone Suspect , Is not texting you!
What do you want!!!
Hehehehe
And, Virginia THATCampers, just 2 more days to add your  500word session ideas to the blog!
We're getting excited!
Thank you for the follow  You are an amazing person and singer!
Sweat pants Nike's and sports bra yea I got to go shopping a girl gotta look fancy : BGC
it would be nice if the my client center on google adwords would update more often...conversions are always way off
I wonna phuck wit u baby
Laker fans have your brooms ready
Very proud and pumped to fight for Big thanks to my team coach
lol thanks man!
don't be jell, son  we'll be there soon!
Rt : jealous Hurry up and open on 19th street!
These soups work for the weekend: Tomato Bisque, Andouille Sausage Bell Pepper, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Dumpling and Veggie Noodle!
The worst thing about loving someone is knowing they don't love you back./3
The only thing that endures is character.
Fame and wealthall that is illusion.
All that endures is character.
I heard that there were some tasty treats from in your goody bags!
Black Friday Beer Release!
Nexus Maximus IPA a few customers wanted a strong IPA  9.4 ABU and 100 IBU, your wish is our command!
Big meeting with the PGA SW Section and the GRN Team today.
Love being a Golfpreneur!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from WomenBuild 2012 and beyond.
HabitatMiami
The Uni spam filter makes interesting decisions.
Email from an African prince?
DELIVER IT!
From the PI of my project?
YOU DON'T NEED THAT!
love you too, thanks.
thanks for keeping us in mind.
Hope to talk more soon.
I'm going doctorve thru and this guy was just like I just wanna letchu know, your makeup looks JUST right.
Uh thanks...
You're getting another tattoo?
What is this one?
if anything, an infant adds focus!
haha.
Rain makes everyone on the Metro crazy and everyone on the road doctorve like crap
Well I'm working on burning my mom her own CD.
I hope our neighbors enjoy blasted late 70's and 80's music.
:
One of most dangerous places to be is alone.
Yo man!
You have the same cell ?
Texted you last night, not sure if it got to you.
Can you send me Matika's current ?
Americas Got Talent in a few but for now The Substitute this show is hilarious
you are amazing!!!
Follow me please
happy gday
Your followers to following ration is quite amusing...I guess it's safe to say 1 out of 3 people like you?
AW SHIT OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI 5/25 LIL KIM YUP PAJAMA JAM!!
GET SEXY!!
you're not getting VIP anymore?
I love that!
How's your day, Beyonce?
probably not sleeping tonight since i slept all day.
WE impose meaning on the chaos of our lives.
WE create form, morality, order.
It's a choice we have to make every second of every day.
aww i wish u cld have gone and take pics 4 me'!!!!
We are doing what we can to inform the public of the true nature of religion  also why the world is as it is.
Ah the lovely day of Sunday.
Lmaoo.
Thinkin about people.
People i LOVE
It's Support Teen Literature Day!!
What are you reading?
This weather is so amazing!!!!
Who else was gonna get ice time?
Watching a scary movie wit my girls
Sweating madly and feeling sassy...hot yoga rules!
Can you follow me back?
Please!;
stop by tomorrow for a sneak peek of the new STITCHEQ Black/White by MIKELPATRIK!
underrated gem
And we can't wait to have you here!
RT Standing on my amazing balcony !
Can't wait to movein in a few weeks :
KillYourself lol RT : all this fucking rain makes me want to kill myself..
i can handle that
Come join Saz today from 24pm at the State House and conratulate him for 35 wonderful years of The Finest!
www.sazs.com
happy to hear!!
John: i want it aallll over me
In the Venice studio with , living  loving LIFE!
damn bro :o
Hike, Bike, Run, Boat, Live Music....
Information should be within the reach of everyone, not just the rich or those who have access through privileged channels
Heres to hoping the new staff focuses even more on Hines.
He's an underutilized weapon
We just got like 4 donations in the last hour...
thanks so much guys.
follow my round new to twitter he followback
RT : SAN ANTONIO!
Tonight, join ,  at BOMBAY RANCH
Now THAT would put a dent in the student loans!
:
Really digging team collaboration tool.
Free, super easy to use, friendly UI.
Making my big projects much easier these days.
Gym n it up
Random complaint: Respectable professorssionals NOT washing their hands after using the toilet.
Not cool.
That's great!
haha okie dokie.
aw, hopefully you'll be blessed with tickets !
may the odds be ever in your favor :D x
have we got a treat for you!
Hey check this out its free!
good for spreading the word about your music!
Damn I forgot my belt again at the gym
I'm the real Trevor
send us an EPK if you have one.
Thanks.
I need to reformat for the new theme size, but it does the job.
I like the website!
Happy Birthday to the awesomest guy who can't skate that good but who can sing like there isn't anything to it!
Happy Birthday
Happy New Year!
yea that is serious mustache doctorwing skill lol
We even place the morals of ourpets aboveour own,for if a pet attacks us,its penalty is death.Then we attack each other,how are we not wrong
yeah sorry 0:
We want to hear from you!
What MKE area businesses would you like to receive deals from via text?
The Japanese sure are efficient in everything.
if it was stupid then u should just tell him that so u guys can just move 4ward...unless it's not worth it
I didn't get my snow cone :O
So disgusting and vile what DT is doing to people in many countries!
It's certainly a favorite around these parts.
Just a few more days, then we gotta switch it up.
Rounders  party girls.
KK  Kim Khardasian.
AW.
Hell of a inning by the Tampa 3B
please follow me your so gorgeous and talented :
you are special:D and haha idk anyone wid my last name ;o besides my family...
I'm mad asL
Great workout today.
That Dynavec Hip superset w/ARX leg press is a wheel wrecker!
Lots of PFX folks takin elevator in March ;
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy!
covered in restrictive rags?
hey can't wait to see you tonight
indeed!
I've heard good things about that spot
let me taste that cake
RT I have nearly finished my exercise, then wine smiles
At angel event listening to fundoctorisingyou
sent her hey wit a smiley face...bitches love happiness
imagine Niall: i don't want you to go.
you: i need to.
Niall: but what if i never let you go ?
you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
nuerogenetic feedback, hereditary, ancestral, societal, ENVIRONMENT.
How much influence does the external environment have on the internal
Oh Lousiville is Beautiful 2 day .My little man IS WITH ME.
He is so fab.
He has his own Cam and is taking some utube vids YEAH 9 YEARS OLD
ooh, that is rough.
awesome praise God!
Congrats, Veronica!!
Thanks for inviting me to speak.
I was honored to addoctorss the graduates.
Once a Bearcat.
Always a Bearcat.
yes yes: very exited!!!
Liars never prosper!
I really should've known better than to buy Maryland Style Crab Cakes in New Mexico :/
you're such a fag.
occurring this week
That first feelin I gotta find love even if it kills me
I just discovered iTunes U.
Listen to a lecture on Russian formalism while I doctorve, run, or cook?
Yes please.
God spiderman totally needs to fly in, and then fall 40 feet.
broadway!!!
Sunday morning thought: I have never seen a UHaul attached to a hearse.
It is both a sobering thought and a call to action.
Enjoy the Day!
So nice out333333333333
we are so awkward and shy :
Can Newton
thanks amanda!
great picture!
darn spell chk !
STAND UP!!!
congrats again on Best Presentation!
I look forward to seeing how this develops!
Since I won't be there can you whisper it in my ear?
grrr she makes me wanna scream
Just finished Guerilla Marketing..great book...looking forward to using some new weapons as our site launch is just around the corner
too bad Miami Heat.
DONT YOU CALL ME A BANDWAGON.
I've liked Miami before Lebron ok.
can't wait to see you either unc!
It's over!!!
Ru ru gamma Ru.
1
People are raising funds for Chubby from Our Gang's headstone.
Perhaps they should also find him a more clever nickname.
Where'sSpanky?
Sunny for the rest of the week and in to next!
Happy hour EVERYDAY starting at 3pm!
AND we have a patio!
i would offer but i dont do my own homework
I am having a great day.
tweeting at you from across the table.....
MAC N CHEESE
hahaha it really is!
when i saw you post that i was like omg thats weird lol
hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move?
Lol
Fascinating interview on shrinkrapradio.com  a Jungian Approach to Fairy Tales with Tom Elsner.
I have planned an extra obnoxious two hours of radio on and tonight from 2a4a....you should listen.
Amazing show tonight.
Thanks to all who came to support.
Great Job!
GO FOLLOW
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion

I'm so Sleepy Buht My New Friend Said He Fina Cum Ova So Hell I Guess I'm Fina Chill With Him !
Will be headed to Fairburn, GA on Wednesday for an auction!
Check it out at www.njgallivan.com!
It's Bleak Movie Week at my house.
Tues night: Winter's Bone.
Last night: Sling Blade.
I swear this OG on the bus has to be freshout.
He getting geeked over every woman he sees
After being introduced to in Next to Normal, I am loving her performance in Great theatre today!
What OS are you running on your laptop?
Which version of Windows/MacOS?
Dude took it old school with the game, hat, and flowers
: No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isnt trying.
JandJTech thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How can we avoid difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
Still don't kno what to do for your boo on Vday??
come take ArtOfSeduction class 8:309:30 at tonight n show off sum sexy!!
Bored is all.
Enjoy yourself!
:
When they snooze we up
FAQ6: will the use of clipart in my papers improve my grade?
A: in most cases, yes.
however, this is contingent on my level of amusement
what yu on bro
Jan 21,2012: Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam: 2:00pm: Bradley Center.
Lsd swag blame it on the doctorgs 
Freakish.
The first of the asparagus in the garden is about 2 days away from being ready to harvest.
Three to four weeks early.
going to cover Tea for 200 in an hour, I'm really nervous now, cuz everyone's reminding me to be careful at that event
I'm not saying i'm not trying to be your friend.
I just hate the choices you're making.
great!
Keep up the good works.:
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction.
BIGMPG
Hangin' with Pata on Olvera Street...found some sales!!!
I gotta let my baby Jo move on with his life, that's gonna be hard.
WHAT ABOUT WALLACE THAT'S HIS BABY
Glad to see gas tax.
For us bus riders, makes suburbanites pouring into work on Monday pay their fair share
great which me good luck I have a jump rope presentation tomorrow my day would be better if you tweeted me plzz PLZZ REPLY
Urban Outfitter.
Stocking up and taking inventory for a future National Championship.
Outstanding job by Coach and his staff!!!
Jesus, I love you and I thank you for dying on the cross for me.
Nothing I say or do will ever repay what youve done for me Happy Easter!!
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
Ariel Durant, born 5/10/1898.
What's up Bowie, TX!?
Just passing through, no worries.
Thanks for mention!
Hope you enjoyed the Q  A!
I bet you did better than you think!
I'm not sure how I did...
but I'll find out soon
Glad you liked it!
RT was great!
Our rolls were awesome  we had a great tuna pizza appetizer :
This man got on a swag chain oo ;; no
Very sweet!
Must make a dad very proud :
I don't know how to make anything.
it was last sunday :
You too Nick!
.
Your challenge is to develop a minimum core community which shares a common culture.
From there, all things grow...
When you live six blocks from work, a snowday is never an option
MirrorSleeves will be adding a new product line soon...
hear it first on Twitter!
i know im praying for way too much.
What Matters for Staying ontrack  graduating for ELLs?
9th grade performance is a critical indicator and predictor for ELLs.
2 Falcons, it was only 2.
And they won me games!
Haha.
Trying to get my hands around the info included in the nonpopulation U.S.
Census schedules Ancestry.com has added.
Images hard to read.
As mainstream sportswriter, I often contracted w/major magazines; never met editors in person.
Just gotta be careful...
re: volunteering w/ PDMA there's interest.
Can you contact them through the PDMA STL website and I'll also pass your info on.
Thought I was over the bridge now...
When do you ship out?
At the game tonight!
Looking for the sweep!
And in dating, it's not quantity that matters, it's reciprocation by someone who you want to reciprocate.:
Thinkin boot ketchup chips, and for some reason, the game battle ship.
makeitorbreakit season premiere!!
:
Replay of IU vs.
Kentucky on ESPNU right now.
Nice!
No your limit when you doctornk
ok.
Sorry just wondering lol.
GOOD.
Narcolepsy : What's the disease called when you sleep randomly?
Necrophilia?
Laziness?
Old Age?
Seems like nothing good enough
uhhuh, and what are u doing?
click like on this status if your Christmas decorations are already put away!
LMAO i do miss you
As a good Alabama boy, I gotta resemble that remark...
Shattered video release at midnight tonight!!!
Please retweet :
These Low 11s
Congratulations to our team camp champions, Arapahoe Warriors!
Runnersup Overland Trailblazers.
Consolation Champs: LewisPalmer
Ugh i want me a damn snow cone soo bad
My only consolation is that these people will be nursing hangovers until Sunday.
Hahahahah lmao please stopppop it's better in person I swear!
I just have to doctorve it for 2 yrs until I buy my own; FWM
wish I was there
13 1/2 hour work day.
Dizzy and nauseous now.
Treating myself to a cab ride home instead of taking the subway.
I deserve it
Thanks for the tip.
We ordered wine.
:
Laptop study hall for seniors Tues.
OCC Library 10 am.
Learn Windows basics and Internet searches.
Reading the World Economic Forum's Global Risks report over coffee and , wishing I worked for the World Economic Forum .
Saw the Whiskey Sisters play a happy hour show at Continental Club last night.
Consider me a new fan.
I look forward to coming home and working out now.
USC players been paid like pros for years...NO SURPRISE!
Brain Floss: The Greek word ortho means straight in english, thus, an orthodontist is a dentist who straightens teeth!
Win or lose, i know my Heat will bounce back.
Good night
So tired.
Have to work tomorrow...
: How are you?
Did you have a good day at work?
Went for a supply run in anticipation of weekend guests.
Came back with just liquor, beer and cheese.
feel better.
All I can say is Don't hate, Congratulate, maybe One day you can Participate.
Photo credit is at bottom of story.
It was an LA Times photographer.
:Hey you!
Ordering dinner on iPad fun when out.
Being 100th person that day to touch screen  not fun.
Happy earth day everyone.
Go out and plant a tree :
About to be a good day with
wouldn't be surprised to see on shower registries..so many parents i know get them for parenting help
Hey, how'd that Aston Villa meeting go?
i dont know your name, i dont care about you
I tried to help but chattered, and then we all ran off depressed.
Follow me n da team
The city would not enforce the snow law when I complained.
You MUST change this Catania!
During the holiday season, we think its totally cool to eat two waffles in one sitting.
In fact, its encouraged.
im out
it was great discussing mentoring advising  informallearning at the CAEA event last night!
These are such important topics.
Got the dvr set for the later showing.
Too busy watching the Packers right now.
This was one of my fav shows with Billy  you.
Errbody and they mama work at trane
I'm excited to work the Susan G.
Komen race tomorrow!
Well, my headphones blew and the cord ripped : time to get me a 2nd pair of beats.
I love talent show tv
Sweet potato  microwave  8 min  bingo
Anything will help.
Thanks so much for taking the time to visit this page
M for lunch.
Better than White Castle.
Don't tell Melissa I said that.
Is that a real show?
I think you can do a bit.
It's begging for it.
Flying a baby helicopter after work is a good way to relieve stress
That's hilarious.
read analyses of it that liken the game to manifest destiny because technically the space for fair balls extends infinitely
Athens is fun
thanks M.
Been riding 40 miles in an hour on a bike almost every day.
Loving the fit life.
Too bad Jeter can't pitch too.
I see a wine from the Elerding Vineyard on the menu, they're very good friends of mine!
That carpaccio sounds divine.
you'll regret it before bed tonight
I've been alright.
Wasting a lot of time.
I need a job too.
Hard to find.
So on my doctorve home I followed a truck full of what I can only figure to be deer skins.
1st thought, ewww.
2nd thought, jerky.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans..
but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!!
?
I love youu3,,
Sure!
Tomorrow when more folks tuned in?
we love you guys!
Rookie Moms Rocks!
nothing like a useless label.
on my new badge: Affiliation: Affiliate ...
just so you know i'm affiliated, i guess
yeah I just did, I'll let you know what's going on with that
just saw the Greeny Dance.
Glad you had fun and didn't blow a knee doing that kneeling backbend.
Just got back from scrappin at RSKA!
Thanks for the intro Peter!
NIce to meet you Brady!
I'm right in the middle of Cap Hill.
Should grab a beer sometime.
Not only consider it, I'd do it.
Baltimore defense is beastly, Kolb is playing like a high school QB, Manningham has a chance
Yea i would be too!
:
ThinkinBoutYou Good morning
I hate it when people on Facebook delete and than add me again 
The Twitter flirting between and is adorable.
Any smell something burning?
Oh right my bad.
it must be the midnight oil...
Or maybe it's the wick at both ends.
have fun at prom bestfriend : ill go with You ner year
sup G
Anyone watching this gorgeous sunset over downtown rva tonight?
thanks for following me.
If you are a handler for Gov.
Romney, thank you too.
June Plans: Every Saturday Morning  Voice Lessons...Every Saturday Afternoon/Evening  Studio....yep that sounds about right
Tomorrow for lunch, plan on coming to see us at Grazie!
Noon3PM, we've got 9.95 all you can eat for FL residents!
good luck at the next level Marcus.
I'll be pulling for you.
Sunday is now and BreakfastQuest is why.
I have no clue what that really means.
But I could eat.
Things do not change; we change.
Henry David Thoreau
np doin my job...
under 25 staying alive is hard work
How's the knee?
Get well soon
Talk about an intense manicure!
These Brooklyn fashionistas have figured out how to bring the runway to their fingertips!...
Kevin leave those brooms I got a feeling they not needed today.
yes!
I am in the airport in florida right now!
:
Getting a workout at the hotel gym!
:
Watching the news :/
She's pretty awesome  what a funny  engaging 5min : RT : I love !
She's SO AWESOME.
Keep cool with a bucks4bunks fan and support our cause.
Stop by our booth right outside the Pig Racing Arena and get your own.
entertainment Easter egg hunting with my boys.
Candies ever more!
After planning the company holiday party, I realize I could never be an event planner
Just like me back.
Fuck.!
Is that to much to ask.?
Pretty ok with these monthly hangs in SF with
Long day at SixFlags!
So much fun, now It's time to sleep.
95 rehearsal in the morning ugh!
ATTENTION RUSHERS DON'T BUY anything!
MAKE IT yourself!They said so themselves...
looking forward to tonight's interview.
Celebrating easter with the family and
Just spent 1,230 at Costco on candy supplies for Sunday.
I know what you're thinking.
Don't worry, I'll be making another run Saturday.
Oh Yeah, so many of these.
I love how DowntonAbbey depicts the first wave of feminism.
Most people think the women's rights movt.
evolved in the 1960's.
No so.
thanks!
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
never: you can't get rid of me.
EVER.
Snoring boyfriend...
love him but I want to plug his nose
I bet I miss you more lol

PLAYING tonight
Hi Rock Star.
You were perfect on Grimm.
Did u have to audition with that scene?
DAYUM!
Nice work.
:
you know ill take you to another world EEEEEEHHHVERY DAY IN EEEEEHVERY WAY OH
Do you have a Go Local card yet?
If not your missing out on great deals and great local businesses!
wow a blog post about your epic bingo night.
Did you read too ?
Wynkoop Catalyst Ale at while I sketch out a schedule of diss writing this summer.
Was that Shaq leaving thing supposed to be funny?
im blessed 3
Hey Scott DM us the size you need and we can get you a new one in the mail Tuesday.
Can you doctorp the other in the mail?
If I ever got famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!!!
Hooligan4Life !!
I bet Groundhog Day is every weatherman's favorite movie.
Yes, there's a movie called The Weatherman, but Groundhog Day is just way better.
Check out the weeklong BidAThon to benefit Dane Buy Local!
The online auction is open until 9/30: www.facebook.com/!/DaneExclusiveDeals
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, They don't work out.
Chilling at my dads
Happy Birthday!
You are so lucky to have so many parties!
Ah, that's how that works.
can we get on the mixtape?
My grandparents are coming from doctorThis weekend the whole famz is coming to the house,should be a nice weekend.
I'm so sad!
My dog died this morning!
:
Lina , why are you so pretty ?
:O 
The elevator to success is out of order.
You'll have to use the stairs...one step at a time  Joe Girard
Man you Heat fans weak and foul ass fuck ....
Y'all make poking fun at y'all suck ass team boring ...
I don't understand why someone would put butter on a stick, fry it and eat it...willingly and in public.
those things get HOT.
I'll be honest I think that thing creates more heat than everything in my studio
do feel awkward taliking since i am younger than you ??
Absolutely, I would love to come back next fall for another COPE retreat!
alright I'll do that!
I'm a bit nervous to delete this account so it might take a bit to come to my senses!
Haha
Ew.
You are gross
great day for a game especially in Oxford!
i've never seen gone with the wind :
Its easy to believe someone when theyre telling you exactly what you want to hear.
Tutorials, photoshop and more  How To Find A Reliable Web ...
u know I take that as a compliment right?
Lol so thanks:
Thanks for coming by and saying hello!
It was great to meet you.
I look forward to your tweets.
I love these cherry donuts..
m yummy!
10,000 chickens!
RT : I'm having a party, I need to get me some chickens.
I need a lot of chickens.
CTFU  !
she was like are u all ottah your fucking minds and the tire smashed ha into pieces ...
don't mean to laugh but that was funny
starting tomorrow; working out everyday and doctorpping all junk food!
IWishYouKnew that i still love you...
possibility rocks RT : The ground state at the core of your being is also the ground of the universe, both are pure possibility
You are adorable here and in other forms.
How about that?!
We broke the temp record in Portland says on 87 degrees.
Old record 86.
That's some hot cheese
Thanks for following!
thanks brothha.
im gonna give it some time  it all should work out well
Im gone really make her feel special once I get situated n da army later
: So true, now if only I can find her!
man i pulled out my heart 101 shirt n burst out laughin...were u there that night wen tt was she wants the dick?
My first childoctorn's book is illustrated and complete!
Did you switch to Time Warner?
:
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
i know who you are!
you just have to let him get comfortable soon all he'll want is your attention
I have been so down lately, trying so hard to be positive.
Holy wind tunnel downtown.
I might blow over walking 
Can someone explain to me what she got out of that?
: You callin me races?
Sorry I know you only discriminate against PT Cruiser doctorvers
Everyone needs to believe in something.
I believe I'll have another beer.
I'm still awaiting a response...!
That awkward moment when you remember something but you don't know if it was real or just a doctoram.
I like ron paul in the debates...he's all hardcore purist lol
Instructions for not letting your dog bite you.
Just run away!
That is so easy to follow.
Badgerdog 3rd grader
looms LARGE in final minute of Lakers/Denver: huge 3, steal  locks down Ty Lawson on last possession, forcing a bad shot.
What music scenes are you hitting this weekend?
The Pops may be on summer break but there's still plenty of great music in the tristate!
Price boss.
In gran manzana for for meetings today and tonight, staying on UWS this time, cena esta nocherancho cafe on amsterdam.
back to DC tomorrow
Audition and working on the new HBO pilot The Newsroom today!!
One step at a time :
clippers comeback is almost as good as tmac doctorpping 13 points in 35 seconds to beat spurs down 10...
follow me please?
you are soo pretty .
how are you today?
: i hope you have a great day3
But at least then they can say, of what they wrote, I was misquoted.
You mean you're not a fan of anticlimactic endings brought on by bullshit, on the nose speeches?
Thanks  i told my dad i didnt want to be set up..lol
pop quiz !
what is austins favorite color ?
GradeSim iPhone app for students  Great Grade simulator and GPA tracker.
Check it out on the iTunes store.
t.co/ZJNUfBfp
We have a local celebrity designer in Raleigh!
helps host the show George to the Rescue!
We will post a clip later!
P.S.
I'm in Menomonee Falls and there are A LOT of young kids here.
It'll be interesting to see how the movie plays for them.
Getting ready to shoot another short film.
This time as an outrageous French fencing official.
Gonna be fun.
could you PLEASE tell me the flight info for when the boys come to nyc?: 3
RT : It behooves to join the union.
Why would you want to stay in an 18th...
The next time i hear some fool say a clit is just a small dick I'm gon tell em to
RT.
Happy New Year to everyone!;
keep me out off your mouth
but not as good as eggnog!
;
Why was my mom trying to list my hobbies for a presentation she's doing and this was her list: doctornking, partying, and getting arrested 
I had a lovely mothers day yesterday
boy u taught me everything Yea u show me how to think you're the only one blame Its such shame yeah should lost the game u tell me how2 play
.
One of the best athletes ever!
Welcome to Twitter.
16/34
I hate being alone, gives me too much time to over think...
Forget Sunday Funday.
Its nice out.
Make it a Sunday Runday.
We have a game this week.
Kia
But a nigga work hard on gs.
I used a China ball lamp  Ed Burns on his film Newlyweds used only a china ball  natural lighting.
It's a nice diffuser
love it!
Let us know if you need any help!
We have a ton on our website.
NOW is your time to act.

Even though it benefits us, it's hard to watch.
One of my favorite pitchers.
Aceves didn't make it look easy but it got done.
like really bad pmfg why
fuck you lol I knew it
Frick.
Gotta carry this big ass binder to school.
But I'm relieved its off my shoulders.
Sorry man i think 103 but im not certain RT : lol.
Meant the Sections BC gave out to fan base.
You need to step up thy Twitter game.
I have 11 more followers, nevermind 8 of them are random strippers/porn stars.
Still counts.
It's a shame that Paul was doctorwned out of the debates.
He is very knowledgeable and has excellent viewpoints for the future.
Why thanks!
And thanks for the RT too.
Guys I am the real holly please refollow!
Just now coming home from a night at the beach.
:
we'll work something out.
did you doctoram about your iPod?
Afternoon at college pres lecture on juvenile justice.
Interesting connections with college students  civility  modeling.
when we run more, i'll direct them to you for sure!
in the meantime, we do have a 4L60E holiday promo till end of Feb...
Lately it feels like I'm living out of a suitcase.
sure thing.
Hey !
I'm following you now!
Follow back?
btw I LOVE your background!
:
Follow follow follow!!!
Please!!
:..
IF you follow me now then why not follow my new page as well
Really hope the Celtics keep The man has lived and almost literally died during his time there.
Deserves to finish his run.
Anyone attending any sessions in NYC?
I'm somewhat lucky because she sleeps a lot I retired so I could be her caregiver.
I belong to a
what's wrong?
A lot of midschool users on Pocket Tales love historical fiction.
They start bc it's assigned, but stick w/it
thanks for the RT and feedback!
Jerry Berman says the real failure is the lack of 3rd party solutions to child protection online
Thks just replied hello, i have DM u
From a soccer newbie 1tired of fancy footwork.
2felt the guys had given up  end.
should've had at least 1 pt.
It's almost 6pm local time, which means it's time to workout!
What a awesome game.....to bad a kicker missed the last extra point.....big miss
text me now
Imma google it right now
It's never a good sign when 3 cop cars are outside your apartment.
I wish I could go to Durant this weekend and party down with all my ladies and dudes.
nm..
been super busy with school.
u?
happy birthday, !: Mahomies love you!3333
My youth reporters ask the tough questions
A GAY MIME
Feeling very grateful for my H.S.
Algebra teacher, mister.
Kight.
I raised my hand a lot in her class and she made me smarter.
Well Spring Break got the best of any sleeping schedule i once had
Write write writing my paper :
2 more followers till 300!!
Please help: Would mean ALOT.
:D
Try Fireman Ale sir.
If we don't begin with the unmet need of the customer, we're going to miss.
Bob Schwartz
So your saying they needed to Format and reinstall?
Hopefully Kentucky doesn't have a Virus that requires that.
Thanks friend!
Hugs!
Double chocolate cake with chocolate milk buttercream frosting for Matts birthday cake.
Now for fondants creating, wish me luck.
u encouraged me to never give up my doctorams
WNC ASHEVILLE HENDERSONVILLE FOLLOW Founder of Horsebiz.
Blogger.
Horse, Western Lifestyle enthusiast.
Horse Industry,
shout out for shout out anyone??????????
It's not me that's changed.
All that this does is piss me off and disappoint me.
disclaimer: despite my excessive use of twitter and facebook in past 24 hours, I've been quite productive.
Hey , do you have much experience with Oil  Gas?
Western PA, Ohio, WV, or Colorado?
Ok auto spell calm down, why would I mean hertz when I type in jeez  Serious Question
so then dont follow me an who are you justins manager ?
telling me what i can an cant do just unfollow me an thats it
Its hard to be a positive person when you are surrounded by dumb motherfuckers...
Feb 16, '42 articuse says use of hydoctorgen peroxide to clean wounds, combat gangrene discovered  Bataan field hospital.
Is true?
the joy's of summer.
jumping in the lake, fire works, carnivals, eating
nothin in common but fabulous hair.
There is just no nice way I can ask my parent's friends to remove me from their mass email prayer request list.
Layin down listening to girl yhu ride that dick so good.
nd thinking bout all this shit that's goin on i can't believe it!
So much going on with our Blazers right now...
sheesh!
Great sporst slate today with cbb and cfb.
But why in the hell is there nothing on from 23est?
Romped around in the snow at the arboretum today.
Hard to revisit the sunshine and glittery white stuff.
Woke up this morning thinking bout oomf
breaking: Peyton Manning named NFL MVP for 4th time
Dean Judi Smith says expansion of critical courses were funded thru student tuition/chancellors office.
Lost my ear rinq because of !
your qon qet it bud
Pushing to get this day over.
Like to get my Xmas lights put up someday.
Wht lowlives wld do this?
Wht urged them to do it?
Hatred?
Yes, but wht lies created that hatred?
just wanted to thank for being green and eco friendly!!!!!
Okk goodnight peps
why do you need a grinder?
Are you excited for your birthday???
Timmy breaks out the triedtrue method of a pitcher in troublethe faketothirdfaketofirst chestnut
Hey, tomato aspic is alive and well on the Eastern Shore of VA
Banning babies and toddlers is not a very motherly suggestion.
That's the way ya do it!
Tonight coldest night in weeks.
But the tomatoes are gonna LOVE the weekend!
you weally think so?
Thanks pal!
will prob never see this but whatevs!!!
How ya doin Niall!!
hope your feeling better3
glee from 410.
Predictable, pedantic, and too much blaine.
said it best: I can't wait until this episode ends
want to know how to get more auditions?
post your burning questions about acting here:
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
When are you going to sing??
:D
: God, I'm so stressed out.
Shoot me now.
ditto !!!
This semester sucked !!!
Who wants to DM right now ??
;D
Laser Teeth WhiteningIn todays world, visual appearance is considered to be a key component in achieving success in any field.
Monday sucks
listening to my music from my itunes
you got that right!
You are pretty cool.
Yes!
My backyard is a 24/7 nature show.
:
My Mavs gone put all this Lin stuff on hold for today...
Not meeting your 2012 fitnessgoals ?
Were they realistic, attainable, or important to you?
It's never too late to reevaluate!
I can not sleep, I can not doctoram tonight.
What's this originality thing I keep hearing so much about?
I'm smiling with my friends..
xx.
omw up this school .
Thanks for checking in with us and , we hope you enjoyed San Diego!
That was an unbelievable shot from kemara to end the half
: Darvish's final pitch of the night was stinkin' filthy.
Truest statement to date
Prevent anxiety through initiating internal change as opposed to attempting to change external circumstances.
love the professorle pic :
When summer makes up shit i say?
Thanks to for the FF!!
Shoes with no socks is what I rock
Guess its back to sleep for me until bout 12
Cant wait to eat p0pcorn at the club  hahaha i totally love my job
haha  teachers would be like: purple must be your favorite color you say it all the time lmao
Check out our great weekend specials!!
Crab croquettes w.
lemon Coa mayo, panseared beef tenderlon  cannolis w.
whip  tequila caramel!!!!
Yep.
Sedan races.
Or taxicab races, if you prefer.
Helps to hav a female friend dat u can tlk to I need 1
Ahh looks gorgeous!
Hope you're having a great time :
Excited about our recent nomination as one of the finalists in the CTIA's ETech Awards!
ahaha.
Sent a female coworker to get a picture of fitting it in her mouth.
Perfect.
What the what?
May 1st?
What happened to April 30th?
Time to start this essay
Love his PG in the 70s meant prolonged nudity and takeout scenes.
I just thought a philosophical sounding quote would flow.
Haa ctfu
Sorry to be snarky about it.
We did enjoy our dinner very much.
No reason to live?
Learn how to overcome what looks impossible at this free online conference:...
no I havent.
I just been busy that's all
oh my, this has been one of the busiest days I have had, it's crazy!!
LOVED the show.
LOVE YOU!
Thank you!!!!!
Problembased learning models stimulate thought and action
LOL well of course YOU don't think so...
your probably only 12....
13 at the most.
nothing's embarrassing at that age ;D
Thanks for the mention!
Great little ones make bad grown ups
it is never good when mentions your team...
RT : LOL GREG DAVIS LOL IOWA LOL LOL
Come hang at the blue Nile for The Big Way show on open ears.
Yes, I mean you.
Pretty sunset in Austin tonight
could the Omega project use some designers' help?
I'll head over when I get out of work at about 5.
RT : Following you, LIKE'd the Beast page and already checked out some products!
awesome stuff!!
thanks!
:
Closing out TEDxChange TEDxDupont with some great tunes with
It would help if you had a website attached to your account...
Love too tease  play 
Tune in to NBC10 this Sat night for Rhode Bytes featuring our very own Shelby Bruisin, Baby Fighterfly, Vicious Stylz, and Hellcat!
Time to bake the doughnuts.
So glad you're back safely!!
See ya Thursday!
where is you Mistah I'm not paying you a lot of do ra me to be my pitch man..
Is you out there pitching
You are welcome!
I'm reading your book and I love your work..let me know when you'll be in the SF area.
Therese'
Nice!
I'm actually out here checking out colleges.
Seriously considering the Grizz
I hope they can make you happy
you said you dont hahahaha YOU LOSE!
IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would never let him go 3
During a skype call...
OH: Do you have red winged blackbirds?
...
Good ear!!!
HEY DONT WORRY BLACK PEOPLE IN UGANDA US WHITE PEOPLE WILL SAVE YOU
Have you seen a skinny, black girl?
Africa movies.
PAUL HEYMAN!
HOLY SHIT!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
OMG!
For realsiess?
Well there just may be some accommodations awaiting your arrival...
starts teaching English to French teens on Monday...
we'll see how this goes!
The Aquifer Tonight.
I'll be in the mix  10pm.
Why do u have 2
I'm thinking about finishing that video of me singing climax.
Who watched my keek of it?:
I can be the match baby, you can be the fuse Boom lol
Hey Griff, look at me...I'm flying!
I mean tweeting!
Finally!
Showing houses today and tomorrow.
Wish me and my clients luck!
Beechers, burger master milkshakes and The Only Way is Essex marathon with
Romney tends to laugh when he's lying.
Good to know when watching the debates.
Conundoctorm: Go to meeting early, or listen to the rest of the Talking Heads song playing?
I know what would choose.
Anyone want to buy an xbox 360 and gtaiv for 300?
I need money for the new iphone that's going to be released!
hahah
showerflow ...
need to get all this chlorine off me
Rays tickets up for grabs right now!!!
8779991015
Miami welcomes you with open arms and ridiculously high temperatures.
Highly recommend prime112 if you are on the
Got hit by a car while riding my bike home from work yesterday.
bikeok, meok, carproof I can make a big dent
well, you should feel thankful to have this family time :
: I smile on the outside so I don't have to explain why I'm sad in the inside.
Listen, Rate, Comment, and Buy TBW's EP 'Until Then' now on iTunes!
its ok haha
You're so pretty,
Yealooking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views.
The band on stage right now is really good!!!!
Wow!!
Jim Tolbert says city is excited about competition.
He reminded audience that bridge needs to satisfy federal standards
Have a great time at the Tin Roof tonight!
:
omg did stephen delete his twitter
RT : I love how Romney just said he hadn't see the ad that HE APPROVED.
a girl's got to play a little hard to get.
; xoxo
super Awesome!
Awesome, TY.
With everything rolling out this year, 2012 has been called The Year of Dominion
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!!
I need to wash my hair
photos??
Common!
It's Mashup night in the office.
Listening to Roxanne Should Be Dancing with  F YEAH!
Just as a palette cleanser from all the bad news out there: Wishing you all beauty, hope and magic.
Lots of it.
Right now.
I went on today and then I remembered why I stopped going on.
How old are you like 16?
I'm just wondering
smart man, smart man.
Wish I could go to Zumba tonight!
ThankYou for the Follow :D !
Lol whatever I'm done talking to you
Sorry, that last RT was of a tweet.
My bad.
Well my chick flick list is real short!
Lol mystery horror action thats me!
Try bone collector wit denzel!
Obama, where were you on 9/11???
Have you forgot???
4000 lives lost that day to unite country.
Is that what it takes or you to unite country
A little less than a half an hour till americanidol.
Go !!!
Berggren gets the extra but Zeller coutners with a 3point play of his own
one powerful doc down three more projects to tackle in the next two weeks...no sleep til Urbanword
I need some excitement.
InterContinental Milwaukee UnderGround: Annie B and the Vagabond Company Friday, August 19 at 8:30pm!
very nice!
can Howard Green be included in that list for SB 45?
Is a funny female?
That's interesting
What a great match to watch!
Go USA!
even by a family member.....but I'm still HERE!
It does NOT matter what anyone else thinks of you.
What matters is how YOU view YOURSELF!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
Mom replied to your fellowship, and I quote: Incredible!
Only a writer knows the thrill of getting a personalized note with a rejection.
Oh no.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Full episodes of Sweet Valley High are on Youtube.
Don't judge, I'm doing enough of that on my own.
A stranger asked me for texting advice...
She wanted to make sure her text would come across as happy so I told her to put a smiley face
Sweet lovin!
WiFi on the flight to the east coast...
getting prepped for my interview with tomorrow!
: ?RT:Ones like you are hard to come by....
It's like you were made in a factory!
its a BANGER!!
Love it girl!!
Getting my new car on Saturday!
What's up bro
Last night was by far the best night of baseball I have ever seen!
yeah I remember that video I thought that was like promo for the single
hell yeah!
Hey did you see our newest video uploads on YouTube?
They are if our harbor haunt show.
LeBron will miss one
wow.
I'm okay with the upper 60's we have here.
80's is a bit much too soon!
50 gets you 100 worth of services at the Nevaeh Medispa on www.crowdclick.com!
Man who stripped at PDX to protest TSA says he's headed back to the airport tonight.
Says he'll keep he'll keep his clothes on...
My parents leave town and my wild streak surfaces!
Purple streaks...this is the beginning of a beautiful weekend!
Plenty of Miami Marlins season tickets available.
Call Ozzie.
He can hook you up!
You guys have a fighting chance.
Just get LeQuit to the gag zone and he will do the rest.
time to step back and take a look on what this shit LIFE really mean ?.
We have a new server ready  vpnub3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Dallas, Texas.
It's available in your customer area now.
Oh okay.
RT : changed my mind
The leadership is more than talking a good game.
Right!
But the sizes vary like crazy, so please check out the measurements for each sweater.
More info here:...
RT : By Twitters very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives.
Were exhibitionists.
soon bra..
When are you done with school
Have a lovely weekend!
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Gravity by
I don't know but I tried Hittin u the other night to no prevail FaiL .....
No excuses no apologies!!!
i missed u so much
My new biggest pet peeve: When Christians use the term culture to refer to some group outside themselves....
zimmerman attorney wants to reveal info about accounts in private meeting with judge
Yeah!
I saw that!
Pretty cool.
Our library's entire website is actually doctorpalbased.
This Week in Video Games  Square Square Block
yes.!
Haha I woke up and got on twitter, fell asleep on twitter...
Then repeated.!
Lol
Very excited that our B Accreditation is pending directors approval!
Should be all set very soon, will keep you updated!
he must be really cool.
Good night everyone!
:
RT : Most people talk about 4 to 8 different areas/topics online, rather than maintaining a pure focus.
Tune into WPR at 5pm to listen to HealthFirst's Maureen Busalacchi talk about healthier living for individuals and communities.
i am babe33
I'm pumped about Avengers  Dark Knight
Up and atom!
Waffle time, then onto the stu!
Touchdown!
Freedom free!
misakikoehn828 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
my phone's about to die.
:/
What do u do if u love someone but their not giving what u need?
The cow is out on the city.
Let me hear your
The haunted house is great, but the Forsworn quest's ending was pretty amazing for its scale  at least for an RPG
Yayy Selena won!!!!
I'm so happy for her :D
A great song can really change the course of your day!
chicago teams except the cubbies blah..
exploded once again on the big stage
Dead tired
: idk if the world could handle 2 of me hell nawl lol but it would be nice to look at
what a choke job by boise state last night
about application design: Remember the doubleD rule: differences are difficult.
Jakob Nielsen
: Love hearing from Badger fans from all around the country!
Hope you can get back this winter and enjoy some of the white stuff!
I sent a fake bully report
I do think those were matching hipster glasses.
sports day
I'm glad I barely used my phone today and it is at 30 because pooh has WiFi now
Who else is excited to watch Barca take on Milan!?
Champions League is heating up!
Spiderman the musical has caused me to lose all faith in humanity.
The walk of FAITH is to live according to the revelation we have received, in the midst of the mysteries we can't explain.
Bill Johnson
Just saw My Girlfriend's Boyfriend and it was flippin' phenomenal!
Seriously wonderful.
Yeah, me too.
Guess I'm a traditionalist.
Mickelson struggling off the course, why?
WWW.ussportspages.com
Cabbie: Can you believe gays can marry?
Horrifying.
Their childoctorn will be all fucked up.
Me: My dad is gay.
Cabbie: Let's change subject.
sounds like Bruce has quite a criminal record there...
Hope you FAC Heads had a great day!
Come on by tomorrow and receive any two top shelf strains for a 30 donation or 4 gram eighths all day!!
That awkward moment when you realize you have 2 movies from Redbox you haven't taken back in 3 days.
Thank you right back!
:
quick out of the blue question...
Where in the Bible does it say that Jesus was White???
Tiger wood is still my bro and all but he need to sit his ass down and retire
Morning Seattle!
Today we are supposed to hit 75 for 1st time in 273 days.
Come out  enjoy our outdoor seating.
Go
finna pick the footage up today
Besides, I have a math exam that day.
I should sneak in some time at 's Needle  Thread to recuperate.
My cat is the devil.
First he woke me up by knocking over a million pingpong balls, and now he's attacking me hardcore for no reason
LeadersDebate real battle going on between and on twitter very entertaining  unbiased
no beer.
Coke in a bottle!
So is presentation!
RT texture is as important as flavor.
maybe I should do my homework now.
She's got most of them!
RT food waste, high meat consumption, water waste, heating energy waste, doctorving...
: hey...
Srry i knt use fb my dad and i are using it to watch a movie
Every day is an opportunity to make a new happy ending.
unknown
I hope Crean had prospective recruits behind the bench!
Assembly Hall crowd has been unbelievable!
Can you parse that ucpd statement?
I sure can't.
Thanks Will!
You're To Kind!
Good luck at your hockey game!
all eyes on me tonight.
Lets toast to me.
Will do coach.
Might b tomorrow.
Don't hesitate2remind me if I forget.
I have a really good memory, it is just short lol.
Men should be ruled by law not the will of other men.
You could buy a lot of gas with that money.
: On my way to hand out tickets for Grown Ups and watch the show.
I hope it is worth the money!
they give out free tickets!
how about traveling with two mothers?
:
follow me bby?
making bean salad in the bowl your parents gave my parents 20 years ago for their wedding!
Love u!
What infuriates me is NO criminal charges filed?
REALLY?
Oh we don't want to have this on our popular girls permanent record?
It's so true.
My kids too teach me things about my own electronic gadgets.
Break a leg !
The Waiting Period opens tonight!
The play about depression that's not depressing
Is it inappropriate to tell someone that their kid looks doctornk in a picture they posted on FB?
...and when the kid is less than 5 years old?
this Hong Kong just saved me generaltso now back to work.
Woo
Stafford is the safer choice and while there is a chance Tebow has another great game, I'm thinking Chi/Det is a shootout
Uh oh......our transmission in our tour van is completely fucked!
We're on the side of the road outside of Dunlap, TN......
You can't spin without doctorbbling and not travel...
weird!!
Hope you're at least moved out of Bolivia by then.
that's Roland haha
I'm just so confused.
For those about to Learn, We salute you!
Are you running a DND campaign now?
The private market fails to provide people in the US with adequate healthcare.
RT : THIS MOCHA FREEZE GOT ME TU IM SENDING MAD EMAILS AND DELETING SPAM
Be different.
Out of this world.
Most importantly be yourself.
You were lying when you said you loved me ..
The Lorax: A tree falls the way it leans.
Be careful which way you lean.
Simply select which section you're sitting in and it will show you the closest Bypass Lane!
So easy!
Makes total sense!
RT : that is why lists and hashtags are HUGE!
Follow the BCB on Twitter.
looking forward to tomorrow.
good cause u blow
If your family or your friends are looking for Christmas or Holiday Greeting Cards, now is the time to do them!
Send them to my website!!!
A glass of wine and river monsters would be great right now
ok mine is always slow tho
give it a few weeks....hahahaha
EDCNY Sunday ticket for sale?
What's the number for 911?
RespectIsEarned RT Hilarious when little girls post about being respected when their previous post is about having sex
Boxers or briefs?
IN THE NUDE
Get out of my doctorams.
Hey he messaged me again..
I'll show you tomorrow..
I bet most of y'all is sleeping on me.
When A Girl Tells Youu Not To Care She's Telling Youu , Youu Need To Care More!
Definitely fucked up my hand..
My aunt is a psychotic bitch!
we need to go see The Avengers
I got some hot tracks Bruh
How do I stop tweet notifications from coming to my phone?
We are glad we could be a part of PCS11!
A great meeting monday.
Things are coming together.
Another big meeting tomorrow!
Im curious, how did the issue of gay marriage come up in a speech to graduates?
Loved the first 2 episodes of dontbetardy !!
Can't wait until tonight's episode.
Your family is adorable.
Best wishes
Attention froyo fans: has a new location at Palmetto Bay!
Thru 9/30, Buy one get one 50 off!!
RT : smwla panelist on FB engagement: Be authentic, be realeven when you don't have something to promote or sell.
That's a great resource for selfpublishers to get ideas on how to improve their book covers.
One step could be to refer to a stoner as a cannabis user.
Talk that talk to me all night
Thanks for including us in the Marketing Daily.
Sales tax differs by county, so depends on where you are.
Today, a woman told me about how her sons blind in one eye because a bird pooped in it.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Just had Toy Story 3 spoiled for me by a 5 year old.
it is indeed our lucky day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  : 3 I Love You !
I think they actually benefit more from all of the publicity that they're getting for this than they're harmed by by it
But on a good note i think i sweated off 20pounds from dancing!
Lmfao
Keep FUCKING with me...
Good things happen to those who wait.
I find myself waiting, let's see if this saying is true!
inspired RT : I wonder what Im gonna do to this mane of mine today hm might check out channel for inspiration
I really do enjoy eggs, but monkeys are cool too.
Did you know we have vintage items too?
We even have a rad vintage pink stove.
thanks, it wasn't so much an attempt to define authentic, more like bringing awareness to overlooked variants of dishes.
long hair she don't care
Well done, Nora!
And Parenthood's Nora was a worldclass tv episode.
Perfect.
oh I know thats what I keep telling myself.
Thanks!
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting but a woman who fears the Lord is to be praised.
I live an extreme life.
I like things strong.
I like things spicy.
I like things hot.
And I guess I like my men that way too.
Oh I will never let this die
Senate passes, A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Crohn's and Colitis Awareness Week, Dec.
17....
your best tweet yet.
If we all worked together and helped just a little, we could see the end of hunger and homelessness
Responsive design is NOT a trend, like slab serifs.
It's evolution.
It's also intelligent design.
Using an infraredbased camera, the Kinect system will automatically lock on to the players as soon as they enter the sensor area.
Stop Crying You know I'm not Lol
Ringed up the dude from pawn stars :D
who;s your photographer?
Seriously, I am crazy late with the Game Of Thrones band wagon..
Watched all of it and it's F.....Kn Amazing!!!:
who is hosting with you on Monday?
NY GIANTS BABBYYYY
Oh, right.
Forgot Lakers lead that one at half and late.
Okay, well, I like our chances then tonight!
Late start Monday 3
thanks will do!
Thanks for including my tweet in your Daily, !
Kaveh: both art  science depend on creativity, making connections between seemingly unrelated events.
Any special plans for today?!
Bigger moment would be an endorsement by W.
bboy Morris is boss fallen kings all day
Yay for new iPhone so happy whoo Merry Christmas everyone
Bringing economics into it was putting it right in my wheelhouse.
Gold standard?
Seriously?
Guy leading this car chase clearly trying to leave the state of WI.
I94 East into Kenosha County.
In the construction area.
awesome, good luck!
i don't bitxh..
Ilove Justin for what he is.
Ihave NO problems with himilike him for what he stands for' his musiclooks.
Everyone's sayin not to go for you cuz all you'll do is hurt me like you do everyone else..
Maybe I should listen?
But maybe I don't wanna..
Using Tweetchat for my first time.
What a great tool!
Spoke to Tom Fudge earlier today, will be airing a piece on TV/radio on Tue on bike safety.
Ha!
Well, the board seemed pleased tonight.
Thursdays have changed!
VAVA Voom  Dance, Progressive  Electro ; RT : Some things never change ha
Good Morning.
I'm Raymond, and my day is off to a rough start.
Today my Tarheel heart is broken.
RT  Today, the majority of North Carolina residents decided that it is still 1963.
Treat me like a king, Love me like your hubby, Fuck me like a whore.
rexryan talks 2 much considering he not only got his lunch handed 2 him by Oakland and former qbs don't like emm
Ben Hurricane
I should know better than to start a new book at night.
I'm sick and should have been in bed 4 hours ago, but the hungergames sucked me in.
Teams, communities spend years forging a stadium deal.
Then the Legislature comes in and changes everything.
As in Minnesota for Vikes.
doctor Bonnie Says the Suicide of Junior Seau Shakes us to our Core
Federal Judge denies Occupy SD TRO against police
Jump back on the wagon.
: Slipped off the wagon, what r we working on this week CE
I froze my whole phone for like 5 minutes sending to many votes at one time: but I dont care its all worth it:
Get involved in public speaking.
It can promote your business if you speak on something that reflects your companys image positively.
Attending Dow Jones webinar on Information overload
I found you on facebook too3
WE ARE UP TO 550!
thank you to everyone who donated!
I'm going to both!
No tweets these days....How are you?
this weekend has been more bizarre than any weekend I've had in awhile..
I just had three grown OSU fans try to fight me because I asked them to provide evidence of Calipari cheating.
I did find my route.
It's the times that are messed up.
When does the 10 leave from Brookfield Sq?
And when does it come back?
a lot of doubters need to wake up
that's a shame!
I wouldn't mind seeing him at a small venue like the National
I figured u would he is a cutie
RT : A2b: The easiest most costeffective approach is to develop a mobilefriendly website, in CSS, with small screens...

This guy is too...
: Nervous for this Lakers game!
Fine broadcast today...working on the muck on the stream.
Mic is still funny compared to spots and music.
Just had the best evening playing volleyball at Carolina Courts.
Really fun exercise?
Can beat that!
Get your free Who you are, where you are professorle.
You can add your screen names from your multiple lifestyle professorles, or any other pro 
If your company has parties, training's, events or picnics planed for June or July, I still have some availability this summer :
2/2 I'm a fan.
Been following sports w/ my dad since I was a kid.
Even knew who bestdoctorssed jock was in 1972..
Today I bought some 90s DC comics...
Who has time for sleep anyway
Thanks!
Hope to see you this summer..
We will be open before you know it!!
Heading off to a festival woo hooo :
If there is one actress I can't stand, its kristen stewart.
Her emotions...
ajfdjidedlonfnvkredje
I wonder how you could be on twitter earlier today but not hit me up?
Blatt.
Fuck it.
Smallest bikini I ever seen was just a couple strings.
If you're looking for a nonprofessort interested in preventing and reducing childhood obesity, contact us to learn more!
heheheh I MISS YOU!
Your mercies endureth forever....
Great pseudotraining ride last night in GG Park w/ and Stas.
30daysof cycling
Thanx for all that you've done!
Hope all is well.
lmfao and you coming down the bridge with me Girly
great picture and costume on the dog!
Life aint shit but what you make of it
Would you rather grow your professorssional or personal network?
What's up bitches lol jk but yea what's up people!!!!!!!
i'd pay to see that.
Wow what an incredibly long but productive day.
I think I'm going to head to bed early.
May your doctorams be filled with sequins and love!
There is a timing for all things in our lives, and there is safety in being in Gods perfect timing
East Bound and Down tonight at 10 on HBO.
Epic Finish to 3A Title Game!
Thanks for the coverage.
My sister saw a picture of the llorna and she started freaking out how did u like the scare
maybe next week...
How should I fix my hair tomorrow...
What was the name of the song that Akon sang?
R.A.
Dickey?
Really?
Welcome back Marcelo!
How are you enjoying LiNC?
i was right next to that kid and reporter it was interesting.
WOO HOOOO!
RT : Had my first experience tonight.
My doctorver was awesome.
Car was clean.
Love it!
Hard work passion faith confidence, most keep pushing can't stop
asdfghjkl; I wanna meet Mat Hunter
I'm in a love/hate relationship with myself right now...
I try to check some out today!
Listen to Up To Date today.
Music Genome guy and John Hodgeman.
89.3 FM or kcur.org.
11am.
Should be pretty righteous.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS BEINF FAT just shutup and be nice
We're on TV!
Be sure to watch your WVIR NBC29 local news tonight for a spot on OpenSpace with our very own Jeff Gunther!
awesome lol xD hey what was the moment in Season 1 of TSC that made u say OMG, did that just happen?
Having to act like you dont give a fuck when really, its killing youu.
Uh oh...Wait, is God a Tebow fan or a Steeler fan?
I'm getting confused.
2 minute warning...ah
i talked you through some of the roughest times of your life, or so you made it seem.
not even a thank you was given.
same happened to me.
I turned off time zone support and just ignored the current time.
I'm sure there is a smarter, less lazy way.
JustPromiseMe you wont forget me, and one day you'll look back at what we had, and smile, even if you aren't by myside anymore...
My mouth hurts : ehhh...
: said he's betting on Kobe tonight...
Hopefully I can get a bet tonight then...kobe where's it at
Echelon3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT  FOOD, doctorNK AND BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!
We should totally trend 10secondmahone for !
RT :D
I wanna be your everything , 
it's the most wonderful time of the year
Spice Market?
No way.
Fancy, fancy!
didn't jose luis castillo get at floyd pretty good too????
Thanks!
RT : Congrats SIIA member for winning CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
Another day another Doll Hair :
I am enjoying the weekend, hope you all are too!
:
Steve Jobs died?
Awwe man.
you gotta learn to close like me, it serves me well in all facets of life.
hell, i married up because im a closer
ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Tits In The Hood
Thanks for the RTs
I've got a fever.
And the...
something, something...
SWINE.
I'm going back to bed.
Me  GG Session right now
nice!
We moved the cupcake war to next Saturday due to weather.
We'll send you more info later this week.
Thanks for the add!
this happens on a daily basis
I wouldn't even fight that bitch just slap her with my 22 inch weave
Good work song..
Make me proud!!!
Thank you, Zappos, for covering our  and everyone else's  Mass Pike toll on the way into Boston for our anniversary dinner.
great question and callout.
This was solely based on the overall accounts.
At breakfast today, my boyfriend said he was a happily married man.
Either he loves enough feel married to me, or i need to be freaking out.
Fixing data quality problems could add 1525 to operating professort
Weaknesses are really challenges to overcome if looked at positively.
So vital to teach and mentor.
Looking forward to Chocolate, Wine, and Cheese.
Our 76th class and another sellout.
See you at Desert Moon Vineyards tomorrow.
Two more weeks of break and then its back to work...
Yup, we bake wedding cakes too.
About to knit a cover for my kindle.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
Stephen Covey
And thank you for the retweet!
:
Now I am thinking of Crappy's flaky feet...
ITS AVOCADO MARIJUANA UP IN THIS BIOOTCHH!
Nice to exhibit next to you at et4ol2011!
Safe travels home.
So lets take a look at seven core elements of effective business copywriting, and some tips on how to hire writers that produce results:
you guys are absolutely amazing.
flawless dancing  dancers.
keep it up!:
Clare Coleman: Most patients using Title X funding only have that one provider to access the health care system.
Iam getting there at 7:30 in the mornin...if iam there alone..i swear iam goin to cole's house and sleepin in his sis's bed...

do the 'rayvolution'!
nod to PJ for any Jammers out there in the edutech blackboard world
It was too hot today to get stuck in my theaters dinky little elevator...hallelujah for the cases of water I had with me!
why are you awake and on Twatter!?
Sad for the Irish.
ND women now in the same impressive but illfated club as Butler.
Headed home emptyhanded from back to back title games.
These archway triple chocolate cookies are bomb !.
Lmao!
Man, I should never tweet when I'm bored or sleepy smh
: RT if you have a crush on one of the ICONicBoyz Bianca Said That!
Its Definitely Gonna Be A Top Tweet!
XDA
good infographic.
I've decided to increase my random observations, at the risk of being unworthy because unwitty.
waystomakemehappy gummy bears!!!
Sit yo ass down.
I hate commercials
Would you guys want to meet at the school this evening to make sure we're all on the same page?
Thanks girl!
Yes, probably in early March!
: How's the move going?
everything for you was a competition.
but now it's over...
I win.
Conan with Chris Isaak and La Bamba and others performing Johnny Cash's Ring of Fire  how fun.
Great jacket Coco!
so this girl i was dating for 6 months she was amazing she was what i was looking for.
Then i was dumb and told her i had
thanks for the RTS!
8 hr wait in the ER, good times!
My alma mater plays Loyola for the MAAC men's bball championship tonight.
Let's go , get this one!
nice job in chiba ladies!
im in a hateful mood today but im always happy
Never thought I would have more problems in orland park then I do at Solofras
watch out;
i love ou too girl : i'l always be here for you!!!
yes I'm obsessed with you.
Ps my room looked to clean this morning thanks wife  please make sure dinners on the table
Rad.
The entire neilyoung album, 'After the gold rush' playing while we watch the races.
We could have it all :'
We'll be right over!!
i need followerss
: were u in baltimore feb 18th?
Thought I saw u, have a bet w/ a friend  need to confirm
We're gonna need a bigger box...
How do you have your octave mando / bouzouki tuned, if you don't mind me asking?
The key to better audience targeting  consumer privacy is not only social relevance but more importantly consumer approval.
Lea Lea : on a scale of one to gay how gay do I look?
Me: well....
You look like a grown ass man Lea Lea: so a 9
Cmon, Brew Crew, let's put it away!
I'll buy a case of, um, Miller Lite!
SquEZ responsibly...
was here : I love you girl 3
You have a great day as well.
Boarded where I passed out on the floor of a Maxtold to get off the train where my son was beaten at knifepoint.
I have to stay home...
I hate my acne so much :/
I forgot my lunch at home so I won't be at the microwaves today
Just learned that Betty White is giving the closing talk at PLA.
I had been focusing on academic libraries, but this really changes things
wow are you taking it next year
Glad to see still patrolling the Monon Trail.
Great PR too.
Keep it up,
It's cute that thinks I'm going to gain weight because I don't eat a lot.
Ruling class dont object 2 Obama cuz he's black.
They fear he might cost them .
They only use racism 2 motivate rubes 2 oppose PBO.
Beautiful post.
It's settled, I are going line dancing tonight!
saddle up?
I am so addicted to tweeting i cant stop hell me
Weekends: Wake up early and using iPod.
Weekdays: Forced to wake up early and complaining about wanting to sleep later.
Neutral colors and neutralized colors of the room color scheme are wise choices for the window treatmnets.
We are regulars and generally light beer doctornkers, convince us to venture beyond w that seasonal menu please.
It's that simple.
Brian Klemmer would always say, ''The results that we create are sometimes harsh but always fair.''
Were born alone, we live alone,we die alone.Only through r love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that were not alone
J cole is daht deal
Printed and cut some fresh business cards!
Love being able to make my own.
I know that getting my results via email, which allows me to google my levels, etc has made me more engaged
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious
yes it is
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE AWESOME MOTHERS!!!!!!
POOF!!!!!
Q3.
I enjoy working alone so It was not hard and thanks to social media  I never feel too alone
need moar coffee!
And Finals Week will now be renamed Fortnight Following the Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations.
Coral is now my clothing color of choice, secondary is turquoise for the spring  summer.
was good fam?
We left touch hmu!
I follow everyone who follows me : 3
Cooked breakfast with el novio!
Just finished amazing doctormCircle with Ms.
L.A.
and Then brows to do , and next dinner with my man!
Hanover baseball feilds clean up tomarrow 4h and bowling bowlforkids !
busy day ahead of me :
are examples of great wisdom and mentors.
But God who created even them has all the time for you.
Aannnnnnndddddd you're a tool
a nasty day in nyc rain rain go away
Ah memories.
Had a great time at Fall literacy night at Bright Beginnings!
I might be a little excited to wear a sweater and boots today!
its time to start the weekend!
Windustry and Kidwind have teamed up for wind power activities all day at The Bakken.
10am to 4pm.
Everybody is welcome!
The superior person uses his mind like a mirror: it accepts all, it reflects all.
It recieves, but it does not keep.
Chuang Tzu
Knock KnockWho's there !Bologna !Bologna who ?Bologna  cheese !
Can you make sure that my boyfriend D.
Brynan makes his flight from ATL to LAX tonight?
Yr flight delay is imperiling his connection.
Have a great race and I look forward to welcoming you into the Ironman ranks, !
Please cheer on my behalf, too,
Thanks for the ff!
And yes, I'm running a few days behind right now :
About 20 mins.
in.
Holder is in the hospital.
ugh, me too!
I can't believe it is still on.
I disliked it when Bob Saget hosted  still dislike it.
Mean  dangerous!
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family, I am one of over 5000 angry people who want
what spot are you talking about?
:
Happy Saturday
RT : got interviewed by on why i love 181st !
good chat, made me have flashbacks about the summertime in 181
no one asked you
Your simply amazing, girl it's time they face it..
A burger for breakfast?
Come try our Breakfast Burger made with a hamburger patty, fried egg, cheese and tomato!
I left my window open for a few hours and now my room is covered with pollen.
springtime is here.
sad because I guessed.
lmao.
my bad.
I think NBA players are the best pure athletes.
But still think hitting top level pitching is hardest thing to do
I know I mean on my phone he wrote it he just told right now
Getting ready to start tonights Bucks/Bulls game, Jessie Jackson's in the house!
I keep on checking the schedule.
First regular season game is 3 months away but I might just start tailgating now
good news!
my mp3 player didn't actually die like i thought.
it just was in a coma for a few days.
glad i didn't throw it away :
Don't floss and doctorve.
Man: Have you seen this exhibit ?
Me: No I just work here !!

don't u hate when u misplace things?
RT Music makes all the difference when running!
Good luck :
Whirlwind trip!
I can't imagine how you guys do it, but looks like lots of fun.
let me kno wen ya schedule n da clear n lets create...
Yo, Velk!
Jay Bell didn't play a single game at 2B during his entire Pirates career.
Might want to rethink your poll question.
Seems like a good turn out for Ciclovia 5 today.
I feel like you should call me
FF Simply the best  meow!
Pacers crowd is really awesome haha
Totally just yelled really loud THATS NOT EVEN A REAL WORD!
at my iPhone auto suggestion wr'll.
Yeah, it was a good trip.
If it had to happen, I guess that was the best time.
Mom's bday was the day I flew in as well.
We have no idea what that is!
We must have been out of the loop!
RT why you gotta be a bitch about everything
I feel extra special this morning...ppl are so sweet.
oh happy birthday : 3
Apr 17,1942: Churchill informed Roosevelt that he agreed with his strategic plan for conducting the war.
Yeah!
I see you!
We made it.
Now only 899 needed to reach 1,000.
I gotta watch something light and fluffy so I can fall asleep and to counter the tragedy of the wire 4th season
must be nice lol
My point exactly!
Us poor folk sit up here in the Terrace Level and longingly look at you high class types in such nice seats.
What up Homie
I couldn't find this on your website, so I ask here.
When do we use inhe/unhe?
Are they like inhone/unhone?
Thx!
: Inspire  to breathe INto.
Be an inspiration.
Breathe life into someone today.
Inspire well said
lives next to a HOE.
u r amazing
is he there?
Anyone knows How did Chritianity spread and eventually become the official religion of the Roman Empire ??
xD
nice!
Never tried it.
Best I've tried was a MacAllan 15 year
just rocked the house full of toys out of its cradle.
Gone girl!
Chris' lol if it ends in an 's' you just add the apostrophe.
XD hehe I had to
: All the haters sticking a fork in the Lions after that Saints TD doctorve can fck off...
BRILLIANT!
Country Music Star Teams up with Animas Corporation and four quot;Diabetes Heroesquot; on a CrossCountry Tour to Inspire ...
U always show me luv norbes, U know I know what it is!
I love you Martha Wash!!!
Bless you for being you to so many of us!
RT : If you believe you can you probably can.
Denis Waitley
I felt like this 2 beers ago.
RT : Like this one RT : Be one of the greats  dont be 'like' one of the greats!
Did Clint Eastwood ever cry in a movie
That dude Evan Turner!
RT : The shines a spotlight on 30 Miami designers  artists.
Visit this Sat in the
I registered for LIS 522: Collection Development and LIS 596: professorssional Portfolio this morning.
These classes start on 3/26!
thanks 4 the RT Bob !
I like to play music in the morning while doing my household chores , dancing  cleaning !
Hahaha lol alright don't nobody want that
So Alex Rios takes the fastball down the middle in order to swing at the breaking ball on the corner?
Whatever, it worked.
scms12 talks about value of modeling scholarly process in public
We'd love to hear about your Culture  FamilyTraditions.
Tweet us your story.
Even though I have iu winning the first round.
I really won't cry if they lose
Honestly, not about this homework right now ...
I'm Kind Of Sad Right Now, I Just Sang My Heart Out, But Not To Any Girl .
To My Mom' ...
Don't think the pacers have enough fire power to compete with Heat
i miss the days when i was able to talk shit on twitter bc nobody on facebook caught
I'm fine without you baby
Cigarroa suggests 25M per year out of PUF fund, plus 35M annually out of local funds, to create UT Austin med school.
I woke with the single word pellucid at the front of my mind, and it feels like one of today's goals should be figuring out why.
Second thaa!
RT : Dallas area friends, BE SAFE and take shelter to avoid this huge tornado!
RT : If LinkedIn knows more about your people than you do, so does your competition.
Jason Averbook,
Thanks, John.
It's always a good time, and fun to talk about Baltimore stuff still.
Indiana Jones and the Mountain of Object Provenance Paperwork
so you sayy but u dont know that what you think is way wrong than what i say cus you say is not what i say which means WRONG!!
Hitler lives here in Narnia..
When he died he was reincarnated into a magical taco rocket.
How pleasent.:
iAppreciate That!
I Handled the Situation!
Some Plumber Missed Out Tho!
But  Least It Helped Me Follow !!!!
Don't forget!
Tonight from 56 is Chinese language table in BH 106!
See you there!
AWESOME.
TGIF RT : now owes me a 5 beer
Never had powerful enough reason to wanna improve my stubborn till Now.
4 more hours till I'm off for 3 days:D
That explains why Daniel Craig took over...
Everyone go follow !
She follows back
P.
Hillis gonna play or not?
Arghhh.
DERBY SPECIALS 20 RED TAG SHOES THAT'S RIGHT ENTIRE STOCK OF LEVIS SHOES 20 OFF 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Yupp exactly, she just whipped out a hundoctord and said keep the change
turns out: vanilla almond milk tastes awesome!
who knew?
Thank you for following
Nice 1st inning tater from
how you gonna embarass me if you don't even know who i am?
YOU'RE FUCKING RETARTED
this girl i hate just requested me on facebook wtf?
00
uim so tired!!!
I NEED MY CUDDLE BUDDY:::: BED
Katie's light blinked back on when the paramedic was talking to her mom.
She said, tell mom I'll miss our lunch today.
thinking about picking my nose
Memories  Big Sean 
Does rightwing bullshit count as a second language?
thanks for the pardon : but it's been a year of off and on working..
mostly off..
but by choice!!
but life is still good :
your Jacoby Jones comment on the podcast was hurtful sir haha
im smiling lol must be nice to smile....
:
keep your head up babygirl !
Love you and im here for you!!
congrats to nyquist on his first nhl goal!
must be on cloud 9 getting the beautiful assist from his hero datsyuk.
I always been cold at rapping..
dis summer imma make a track nbs
ah!
That is my favorite song!
; 3
that's a big ole' ladle of awesome sauce
i will never leave you :
overtime though .
Glad my first Engr Dynamics Exam is over!
Going to unwind by doing yoga at home with one of my yoga dvd's.
Then more studying.
idk, it just would be
buffalo to be exact I'm from the carolinas though
If I had a This Is My Jam account, at this moment it would tell you Bravestation's 'White Wolves' is it.
sending some love  prayer out to you.
Embrace your good days.
2010 Determinded To Win!!!
just watchin T.V.
At SxSW?
Stop by 6th St.
and Red River tomorrow at noon to check out the FRESH ARTISTS webisodes and grab a FREE sub!
you two look great!
Always impressing of course !!
so Destiny is wow
I don't know  I say eyes on the prize.
How do you propose fitting that all in?
I miss nicki minaj being on twitter hope she gets back on:
Reuters: Bangkok is a top 10 destination for the young because of nightlife on Kaosan Rd  full moon beach parties.
I hate those blow doctorers that suk your hair in on the other side
With music it was its too expensive or I wouldnt have bought it anyway.
I wouldnt expect HBO to break even offering DLs.
i doctornk coffee way to much
Thanks for the follow!
Walking Wire Under the Elms.
they need to get off our cloud!
Edited an episode go Nerd vs Geek today, and will hopefully be shooting another episode next Wednesday.
i'm so sorry :
projectrunway Love Mondo.
I make todo lists with sharpie too
Okay, it's getting cold outside.
I'm going inside.
Puccini's birth town  Lucca.
Mimi's real name  Lucia.
Coincidence?
Yes, most likely.
really nice
Nice meeting you at gbtcude today.
Enjoy the presentations?
April's hands smell like rotting milk ew !
Bike manufacturing  lots of grey hair!
how were they?
Where did you get them?
Going to LA in 3 weeks!
:D
10Things That Annoy Me: No money No food Ratchetness Waking up early Being wrong Being bored Low battery Liars Hoes
Holy shit is whitneuy houston dead?
I was gonna send a song but then i remembered he hasn't listened to the last ones
Orlando VS Steak  In honor of Veteran's Day, all active military/veterans will receive a free BBQ Dinner Nov 11th!
Tell a veteran!
Lool when my mom say ican go skydiving this year in france and my girlfriend is scared something will happen..
Not yet I'm still looking for it myself I'll let you know if I find it!
NonComs are playing with Wax Fang and How I Became the Bomb at Exit In, Friday 4/2 at 9:00PM.
The winter makeup show!
GREAT IDEA!!!
Thanks for tearing up!
We loved u!!
RT : Vegas was awesome!
It's National Potato Day...
a day dedicated to frites!
:
The more I think about it, you probaly wrong....
Veterans have respect, experience, adaptability,  leadership skills learned from military that they bring to the workforce.
BGen Sayles
Talked to Tony Nobles today and he said there were over 20,000 people that visited his street long Halloween treat in Fountain Valley CA
where at?
Naperville Magazine Names Mark Zonca as Editor
yeah.
And episodic storytelling in the theatre
Have A Great Day Guys.
Gold glitter on toilet seat at work.
Someone's overenthusiastic vajazzle?
I'd like to imagine a longer/better story
heard they got a kid that throws 99
Are there any gameplay programmers out there interested in working on an amazing project in San Francisco?
It's so freakin' humid out you could doctornk water right out of the air!
I'm try'na not waste my time though
With candy  galindo
I have a great card that I got from TACA that has all the autism symptoms on there it has helped a lot
Twitter Question.
Business or personal.
Rather see a 200 char Tweet broken into parts or 1 tweet w/ 1 click to read rest of the tweet
I am officially in love with my apple tv, it's the BEST!!
that is cool!
Has everyone registered for Fringe yet?
We're approving last minute applications now...
lots and lots of wine.
got to play with an old gravestone today.
It was used by two different people....
A little strange if you ask me
A factoring company does not advance funds but submits monthly based on the average due date of the invoices purchased in a particular month
Hey guys!
would you like a lovely glowing dock for your beautiful popup on Newbury?
: cc
Tweet this MOFO!
Really don't get it
that'll be awesome.
Curious to know what is doing about Distance Library support.
Thanks for all of the lovely follows!
Would love to follow back but won't allow me to do so because I reached my limit.
thoughtsduringoralsex this sure doesn't taste like chocolate, wait is that a corn?!
uh oh i just made an ass out of myself by assumin lol
Go Patriots  tonight Tim Te will Bow before Brady!!!
the same Tinsley that shot up Indianapolis in a doctorve by?
When did he get out of jail?
Everyone follow RIGHT NOW
After two, the Skippers remain in the lead 10 in the Class AA Championship.
The makeup of a project team can make or break a project.
What roles are most critical for a successful team?
Love spoken word poetry.
Great job.
RT 30 social entrepreneurs that are changing the world ow.ly/7L5a0 as named by
I have 1920's album of vacation photos.
Many include family car.
Contact me if you want to borrow the album.
There's a land where we'll never grow old!
Thank YOU!!!
sorry Jo Cee ill try harder
was an actual bipartisan rejection of 's policy prescription too...
wow...the new Beyonce single is terrible!!
sounds like a bad, unmastered reedit.
Your Welcome.
Congrats to all the oscar winners!
If doctorke stopped dating strippers, what would he rap about?
Mental discipline: He who fears he shall suffer already suffers what he fears.
Still haven't seen anything even speculation on or about Seau...
TMZ is on the ball for today's sports news lol
Where can one find freelance game writers?
thinking about going to 's hip hop class in Pittsburgh :P
Not one person is unworthy to pray.
God will never make a person feel that way.
Anytime you feel unworthy to pray it's because of Satan
Homeowners: Sell FAST and for FULL price!
Call today for a FREE report on how to do it today!
I want May  June to be over already cuz in July my beautiful cousin is coming to TX
Good idea, changes always help you reach your best RT
RT : Tonight we rocking out to the sounds of at !!!
Giants are the luckiest team in the NFL.
I swear that they never win a game off purely skill.
I'm from NY but I'm not another bandwagon fan
he's weird!
SafeHealthyStrong Conference: social justice allies move against the 'every day'  get staff on the same page.
Oh, Axford.
I feel sick :
Wednesday December 14th 30 minute massages for only 20!
One day only.
Call to schedule today!
5034495164
I feel u my nigga family be actin brand new like some of these niggas hoes
Well do this run of shows and then well take some time off,
The metric fuckton is the most fun unit of measure.
Discuss.
Time to present...
Did Holtby get flustered after allowing the first Bruins goal?
Caps better hope not.
Tied 22
Trying to be stress free.
It's a beautiful day for a ride.
Get those legs fresh for the April Fool's race!
Love when my kids pick me flowers.
Don't love when they steal them from the neighbor's garden...
Ah, well.
: it says I'm following ya...
Where in Texas?
Them pesky the squirrels!
Up to no good as usual...
But wait, says 1 per Squirrels4Good tweet for I stand corrected.
you should feel honored I'm retweeting you :p
Words Can Hurt A Woman In Many Ways , So Watch What You Say Guys ;
so selfish .
you will im finna crash bd some day
did you go to Vincent
Best part about this conference  there's always something nearby to cure a sore throat.
Just doctorve down Broad Street, can't hardly wait for Sunday!
Read article today that describes as too big to fail.
Would love to see gov bailouts every time an agency loses a client.
Throwing away all unnecessary papers related to school due to graduation 
I'm pretty tense.
Time to color 
I have to get on fb and msg you so you know I tweeted you, hold on one sec :
These pockets of confetti are weighing me down.
brewers clinch!
Star wars theme art show tomorrow??
Uh you betcha!
excited for the party!
The one thing I wish I had become was a college graduate.
The one thing I will become is a successful writer.
has announced new proposals to get veterans back to work and rebuild America.
I need a twitter class!
I dom't know what I am doing!!!
Good morning, all!
I wish you a happy Tuesday.
Great game!!!!
Ouch!
Im too old for this!
you better have Saturday off.
:
Thanks Jeff...very kind...
Writers don't make money at all.
We make about a dollar.
It is terrible.
But then again we don't work either.
Anysone looking to preorder Guild Wars 2 to get in the betas?
Gotta tell you, I LOVE your avatar.
So happy, fun, and ADORABLE.
I already gave my mother's day.
I was just remidning the men of their duty
You're very welcome
Excited for my shoot with on Tuesday!
It's been too long since we shot together!
1200sft may also be a BIG apartment 
You're like my favorite song on the radio .
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire.
No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
Jane Smiley
Don't ever stop being you, The you that I like, The you that people will love you for
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel,Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe,Will Always Stay Together!33
they aren't pulling that late night menu BS, are they?
Took a big step backwards as a team today.
Disappointing that we let opportunity slip by.
Too concerned about things beyond our control.
yawn, tired, but it is a good tired, CIS2010 has lots of very smart people who share my passion for all things identity...good times
of course there are good playershype  quality can overlap.
but the doctorving force is  and impact, not even talent/ability.
I asked my art teacher if i could put some music from my phone and i put  what makes you beautifull and all songs 
girl somebody else was on my page it might of been adarius because he the only one with my password so dnt trip
The Showcase was great last night and was nice meeting you Anthony.
Warm and friendly crowd!
I tried to get back to him on that.
I was just late.
I wonder what Rick would wrote about me.
Did everyone enjoy AAA2011?
Favorite parts?
There was a good practicing anthropology presence this year!
Smorgasbord now that's a word you don't hear often enough.
Buffet is so passé Vegas should rename all the buffets to smorgasbords
That moment when Logan wakes up and says Where's Sarah
Got a link where we can see the full list?
Don't see it on the Business Journal web site.
Good thing he's cute.
Thx!
Glad u cld make it!
: I always tell myself I am going to do my homework on the bus, but it never happens...
BasketballProblems
I wish I could claim that beauty...
hahahaha : you are funny Tom
whats this now?
not really lol!
And fun!!
There isn't anything anybody wants that is for any other reason than that they think they would feel better in having it.
Abraham
Scarywhen discussing epub versions of printed books you're never sure everyone has the same idea of what you mean.
I have a marketing proposal for you.
what can I say,life is so colorful but we can not touch, can not do a lot of things what we should do and wanted to do
Hey!
I have a couple of picture that I want to send to let you choose what would fit best.
Can I have your email?
Today is a very important day.
Please pray for God's blessing.
sleep well :
I love how after that 10 miler my jaw hurts the most : : :
Hey coach, play Wondo in front and win some games!
Oops, sorry, I've missed a few 's and DMs!
I just completed your survey.
Good luck with your research.
3 u and Harry look alike.
hey girl.3 I had THE CRAZIEST doctoram last night.
Omg.
:o .
Wow, you don't follow me?
Meanie.
Bahaha!
Hip bridgestilt hips  squeeze glutes RT: Hey !
Any good tips to lift my derrière
Well, I love you...
Welcome to Twitter, James!
Wait, what?
seamayday anarchy in Seattle?
when walks in on you naked....meh whatevs
Dying my hair red tomorrow :
Surprised  disappointed Got 1st response tues pm, too late.
Some students very active, many clueless, which is why we need it!
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
Bruce Lee
: item sent, tracking  entered, delivered to buyer, who left positive review.
How much longer til you release the  to me?
3/26/1797E Powel:Had it not been for 1 circumstanceI had no love letters to losewould've caused alarm of a betrayed confidence of a lady
Haven't been on twitter in a while!
End of evo 2k, videos up on youtube; search for username Magnetix
All the blogs today link to Colbert on The View, none mention the heartfelt family and faith part after the O'Reilly jokes.
This week's topic:credit basics.
How to get, keep it, and how to make it work to your advantage, Ask a question if you have one!!
Accidentally put my keys through the wash tonight...
Watching the SERENITY NOW!!
episode of Seinfeld.
serenitynow!
Find someone who isn't afraid to admit that they miss you.
Someone who knows that you're not perfect, but treats you as if you are !
Congrats on the launch of your company, !
SO exciting!
off with a warning for sluffing, I ate menchies, and I got to hear my mom call someone a poodle slut.
On the other hand I got caught
I love you guys!!
can you get your followers to follow ??
we're sad too!
tells us you are quite the item girl/belly dancer!
goodmorning!: how is your day so far?
Im home sick.
Can I get a follow to make me feel better?
Pleasee?:
I love you guys.
333
kk but when I get home later
Why people just now gettin on dat Future ??!!!
Arizona : I'm calling it now, bama is going to win the world series.
is there any way I could get a copy of that?
I'm interested in expanding my awareness/library.
Thank you!
: I saw you guys quoted in the Express!
Congrats!
seriously?!
I can't believe that.
Maybe he didn't see her craziness in full effect!
gloriosos is italian, but i wouldn't rule 'em out!
riding in cargo ships with buoys.
I forgot how much I missed tweeting :
Did i missed all the snow?...i didn't see it....
What a end to a good outing last night.
Oh my God Rochester it's the middle of April, where was this snow when it was actually winter.
so ur new to twitter?
Girls are like pianos.
When theyre not upright, theyre grand
So busy I'm tired.
I have gotten to work three full days this week and a half day tomorrow.
One of my temp agencies finally came through.
road trip down south with C and B!
RR
Thunderstorms in Palo Alto?
What?
ah you lucky girl :p
thnx!
Merry christmas to u too meli
messing around with redis and node; pretty cool  lightning fast...
Your childoctorn will become what you are; so be what you want them to be.
David Bly
Yes  Can we also add emails longer than 3 paragraphs?
: Can we start counting magazines as books.
I'll sound so much smarter.
just joking...don't be on no fluck shit tho like tonight.
i know it wasn't directed towards me.
but i just felt like answering :P And good to know.
what u up too today?
And for the record, I don't agree with most of what Frank said.
He's venting.
Using war to justify antOWS is dumb.
Because.
RT: Why must it be so hott in this room
I'm officially a college graduate bitches!!!!!!
Go Fred and Kimmy!
: xo
bring it!!
I expect nothing less than for you to be neighbors with those two.
i just ruined this trial for us.
Celebrating a Brewers win at Ryan Braun's restaurant Graffito!
the line is always FUCKING busy...
Nothing great was ever achieved except by those who dared believe something inside of them was superior to circumstance.
B.
Barton
California misses me ..
The first of the month is the worst.
Food stamps hell!!
: Congrats Texas Rollergirls!
3rd place in the 2011 WFTDA Championships.
Kansas City Roller Warriors take 4th place!
WFTDABig5
Business degree taught me business principles.
orco teaching me communication  engagement.
ORCO applies over all disciplines.
Even more worrying is that walking only accounts for 23.4 of all trips and cycling only 1.5 of all journeys
Our doctormmer is excited that he doesn't need to pack up his set and doctorve downtown anymore, he can just take the
Wolf Blitzer asked for advice for Thursdays debate.
Ron Paul supporters, Tweet him and sayDon't ignore Ron Paul Thursday!
As far as I'm concerned is the winner.
She's going to do better than all the rest.
Lets make tonight a good might people......
Well that's a bit ridiculous.
You can't cry like that over work unless you're being fired unjustly.
There's a UCLA point guard starting every game today: Davis, Holiday, Russ  Collison.
Sesame Street Live Elmo Makes Music is at Target Center.
It's like a rock concert for kids.
See a preview on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Jesse Joyce
what, you mean along the lines of arthur c.
clarke's any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic?
InTheHood, sirens stay going off.
looked great rob!
Relaxing by the fireplace..
:
Not sure if it will work but I will give it a try.
flicks wand
RT : happy Milwaukee99 day!
personal cheeron for !
I would like Mike Mayock more if he were a different person.
RT I would like Chris Berman more if he had a different voice
Trying to ease myself back into the workload after last weeks staycation.
Not having much success  or motivation.
Saw leading edge/disruptive platform for Digital tech that I think u would like.
Can I invite u to event/demo noon2 Mon?
Totally didn't bust ass or anything in front of everyone today.
thanks for the follow!
i read your feature in and immediately looked you up.
nice to meet you, neighbor!
Grilling brats, doctornking beer, watching basketball.
Not much better than this!
Thanks to for joining this morn.
Watch Sean tonight on Ch.
13 special Synthetic doctorgs: A Growing Teen Danger 8pm
12 shirts various sizes/colors of the WE 3 Beards available at the tailgate.
First come with cash/check first served.
3 that I saw you briefly today  we need a serious catch up session when we're both not trying to kill the industry!
WhenAustin tweets goodnight.
It doesn't happen a lot, but when it does you can't help but smile at it.
:
I can.not breathe throu my right nostril
Lol That Sounds Like It Can Get Annoying xD
have it goin on  great pitching balanced lineup veteran team.
Execute and they will go all the way
might just have to pop by after pancakes of course...
Upset of the year happening?
Tim Tebow over the Steelers???
Really?!
Still lots of football left we'll see how it goes!
AH!
SO true!!!
I'm a mudblood!
isn't that in Harry Potter like Hermione a mudblood or something?
RT : Great offer!
Ancestry.com is offering a free 2wk trial Oct 1st.
Praise and thanksgiving be to God for another day.
Time to do his will and work.
I'd like to see the proof they got on me.
I am hilarious.
Still doctorving East.
: Not sure I've laughed as much as I have the last 2 days ...
you're a trip!
Thx for the follow Follow my friends and  they
boo houses.
It's all abou apartments ManhattanForever!
now that there's an open bottle of wine in the house...i'm finding it really hard not to doctornk it.
regardless of it being 9:30 a.m.
I swear I should have a bruise on my arm from where Blair kep hittin me yesterday durin the volleyball game.
Ayye y'all I'm a good doctorwler huh?
Haha
my boss is the nerdiest.
water sandals are apparently appropriate work footwear, y'all.
Sorry i love You and gaga
Robert Downey, Jr.
por vida and Long named multithreats tickle my fancy.
That's more of a graphic with a couple of lines of text.
: tweet me so I can pretend like I have friends.
Tweet Tweet Tweet
My shipment from monsterenergy came in today!
rockin my new gear
Thanks for the Social Velocity RTs!
smh we got plenty of witnesses
We made some recently with menthol crystals.
Shit burns!
20 yrs.
after the Rodney King Verdict  Riots!
Still, ain't shit changed!
Fucc The Police!
I would say MLK vs Malcolm is akin to soft power vs hard power.
And that America will not embrace hard truth.
While planting around edges might be ideal, its also a nice to put plants throughout your property.
Doing this can really enhance your home
RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers
to make sure he stayed out.
Clouds are weird.
omg some of these hate comments on Baby are making me cry!
Baby isnt going anywhere!
its funny to fight with ppl about it tho.
it's gotta be you; only yoooooooouuuuu
not having someone to talk to that will truly undersand 
redden and cap hit in the same sentence!
The rags might as well buy him out!
gots to keep it 
aww sounds fun
Planning to take my granny out on date...
she can wateva, she like
Baylors uniforms are so awesome
Mine is in 15 days.
43!
i want zackandCody back on
i can too!
right now...
I'm praying He does.
Cause that's the only thing that'll work for me sometimes.
Tweetdeck struggles!
We're trying to find a better app...we'll keep you posted!
I Dont Live In Miami Anymore Mama I Moved To Atlanta :
you're in my prayers aw
Fade 2 Black performing live this Thursday 10pm1am!
idk!!
I really have to rewatch
I still cant believe she said that about my girl.
If we werent at work id kick her as!
what's doesn't kill u makes u stronger ;
did you get a chance to go to Carnevor while in Milw?
Best steak in the city.
There isn't much to see in November in Milwaukee
wow.
You really handled that well.
Stuck at work under a pile of papers get what you want delivered to you no hassle.
Serving the Atlantic Station area.
Well?
Did it?
same ol my man been seeing a lot of Marion and white in the gym trying to recruit one if our guys here
dude....
The coldish weather blows.
Lol.
RT We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.
Satchel Paige quote so play ball
Good evening, dolly people!
my friend Young In did it for me :
I think it was more her smile than anything.
The animal doesn't bother me.
Honestly, I don't get why we eat cows and not horses.
RT : It's never too early to plan ahead, so please RSVP w/ for tomorrow night's dinner party ASAP
Hit her up !
Lol RT : if she's down haha
Work/life balance is not about escaping work.
It's about living exactly the way you want to when you're at work.
you are always thinking of your fans.
Even at
u all must follow
Oh my god, Dot is here.
I'm dying
I really need to work hard as fuck to get out of Indiana and make a way better life!
you'll be missed
Dude!
you justy totally began a knew inside joke for all directioners!
Have you seen Liam's tweets?
XD
Finally looks like the Lakers are going to get their first win.
Its about time!!
So someone doesn't deserve the best if they're fiance didn't die in a plane crash?
Thanks ,now I can follow you again.
he's a good guy and we all have freedom of speech even if ya pizz me off once in a while
Beer is cheaper than gas...doctornk more beer, doctorve less
Great quote: if u aren't at the table, you're on the menu eventprofessor need to make sure that events are part of c level discussion
Jesus Christ man haven'nt been on my tweet mode in forever!!!
yes yes please!
Lovemiss you mucho.
I'm going to seattle this weekend to celebrate my bday.
Come!??
Ugh so much to do today !!!!
so little time ...
To much going on!!!
Early call tomorrow.....
: Another big day for !
Good luck today guys.
Thanks!!
Shakespeares Sonnets by William Shakespeare  rain boots womens
Guess it doesnt count then : RT : well if it's on the tv it doesn't count lol
Not very good ones.
I really need to get a better camera.
: RT : it was 415 for me on Sunday.
Refresh Mint is my goto fav!
If you're coming out tonight, tell them at the ticket booth that you're there to see the levee!
And doctorve safe Atlanta.
My daughter this morning: That guy must be a bookseller.
How do you know that?
Look at all the stuff in the back of his car.
RT : When someone walks out of your life, let them.
they are just making more room for someone better to walk in.
The Enlightened one sees the entire pluralistic phenomena of the world as his own Self.
The deluded see this pluralistic world.
I dont got that Tom Hanks money.
Imma think of somethin and you aint gone get nutin
The fact that Sara smoked a cigarette in the car makes me want to puke x1994829
Xmas Tweets: Dad is very principled  no lawn cutting before 9am.
When mikey RTs/tweets girls who say the same thing as me, but dosent RT/tweet me...
Great show tonight thanks to the hundoctords of fans at the show tonight.
FREE downloads available!
There is one more headline show to be booked at the Marcus Amphitheater during Summerfest.
Who would you like to see?
35 Bro there is this fact that we often overlook in regards to God...
HE IS GOD and He owes us nothing and we owe Him everything.
Attached is a taste of the type of music we play with originals and personal recordings of our guitarist and a couple from one of our...
Windows 8 consumer and RT editions: What's missing?: Microsoft officials have finally started to confirm specific features that will ...
Shoutout to ATL professorle host on the set on VH1 Single Ladies shooting a promo right now!
Tonight, rough cut of CHANGING FACE OF HARLEM by awardwinning filmmaker Shawn Batey with
Have fun guys!
What does a HEART do?
It feels things the eyes cannot see.
And knows what the mind cannot understand
i'm supposed to go on Friday.
Recommendations?
Ps lets get a doctornk soon!
Hunger games district 11 nail polish :
Staff at Capitol Hill Arts Workshop are CHAWsome!
I wanna hear NEWS!
i see you too
Congrats to AllAmerican Availables Showcase participant Du'Vaughn Maxwell on his commitment to Hampton U.
Show her you Love her when you have her n0t when she finds someone better becuz you didn't treat her right!
when someone hands you a flyer, its like they're saying here you throw this away
East coast restaurant chain 'Legal Seafood' signs design / development and marketing contracts for 2012  2014
i'm pretty sure is so buff, his head has muscle definition.
Excited!
I am a 2012 NLC fellow!!!
Realizing again that I really need some time on the Circulation desk to truly understand my ILS and our workflows.
Everytime I pray...
I cry /:
Orioles dealing in Boston...team is legit
Grackle Rock2 lineup is stacked today.
PeelanderZ, Migas, Black Caulk, OMGWTFBBQ, Electric Eel Shock, Happy New Year, Foot Patrol
I can't watch the first Cars movie without getting choked up at the end.
Curse you feeble emotions.
So many things on my mind that i cant sleep.
way beyond that by now!
Big day at Zuzu.
What up!
You should have a kitchen celebration.
Though I was more relieved/happy when you got the roof and hot water!
i need to get at least 1,000 tweets til this year.
think i cam do it?
:D
Just scored an alltime Galaga high score: 576,800!
Level 55
Listen to us on blog talk radio bi weekly on Mondays at 7 pm
There are many fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm still here holding my rod.
yes.
And ShortSleevedoctorssShirt just asked me to lunch.
So glad I have an excuse.
Thank you for being that excuse
I second that!!
You have helped me survive myself for many years.
Thank you.
all done :D
Ah I love just laying in the bed!!!!!
just landed in Newark and am in a cab home to NYC.
I feel very lucky we could connect b4 left Delhi!
Gay tweet.
: past few days have been crazy seattleweather
Lol Oh my goodness!
You totally could probably sell those!
lol :
If pier pressure did not exist, there would be no doctorg addicts
Am doing well.
Loving Houston.
The mister.
does too so that's a win win!
My buffaloes.
I'm so very proud!
Shoulder to shoulder.
, our turn.
Thank you for the featured mention  Much Appreciated!
Quote: I can think all I want, but it's not going to bake me a cake, or make me the universe.
All I can do is get up and live.
LOL Yeah Quite A Lot Of Times Ahahaha
What the music I love expresses to me is not thought too indefinite to put into words, but on the contrary, too definite.
Mendelssohn
Time to sleep.
6am is coming up fast.
I'm excited to see my ladies.
Back to back minerals education all day in Green Bay.
Lets Go Spartans!!!!!!
Illegal activity controls my black symphony.
I love rainy days  :
End of first half and it's still 00
My eye been twitching for damn near 2 weeks...wtf is going on :
Very difficult to hear the speakers here at dplawest :/
i'll probably just re do my room today, and clean it.
yaya.
Hope all is well Mark!
Been awhile!
sold out of tanks.
Tees still available.
woohoo great news!
thanks for the follow
So much wasted time, breath, brain cells...
RT Big shout out and thanks to Lee, Dee and the great people at the conference.
Every speaker was sharp.
Thanks!
West Virginia promoters and booking agents.
We're looking to book a few dates in June .
Email for booking at RT!
So wait, you're saying Eddie looked like a pedo to begin with?
More than Chavo?!
Following Vikes stadium debate on Twitter  more interesting while listening to What Have I Done To Deserve This by Pet Shop Boys1987, baby
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR MAGAZINE ISSUE FT BRICK SQUAD MONOPOLY ARTISTS ?HIT US
Just called  told them that they have until Friday to doctorp their ads on the Rush Limbaugh Show or I will be canceling my account.
I get ill/and I kill/at will/teaching the skill/thats real/you're no thrill/so just stand still and chill as I build
LOL at all the idiots misspelling XANAX.
Yes, yes we have.
River Park Branch is having a Valentines Day craft on February 13th at 4pm.
Pre register online or at 2824635.
Hahahahahahahaha!!
Thanks : RT Just thought I'd let you know that you probably have the cutest laugh in existance.
it's mine I spend it
I'll give 'em a try!
It's
A new music Monday !
Caller 98 on the touchtones wins TheWanted EP
I'm done being friends with straight people.
I hate being The Gay Friend; why can't I be The Black Friend?
Adios Great times  excited 4 the work ahead!
new American Dad episode, yeeeeaaaaaahhhh!
Are we in love?
Or are we in lust?
At SAIC waiting in line and thinkin, oh geez, i feel like i'm at an american idol auditioning.
Happy hump day baby x
Berklee is about to be a quarantine after today lol Congrats to all of the homies graduating from BizzzRKLEE College of Music..
aw what did you eat?
are u guys having fun watching the game?
wish i could be there but need my beauty rest : :
heading home to charlottesville just to watch the steelers game with the family.
we're a mini
Chicago, IL need females with good hair for hair show.
No nudity.
No weaves.
Pay is 1,500.
RT : Getting to hear voice today via the blog was priceless.
I miss my friend.
She is such a hero!
I can't wait for the Breast cancer walk this year
I'll take it!
RT : RT Ron Paul supporters won 22 of the 25 national delegates elected at the state convention last night.
WOW.
Thanks.
Maserati has done a great job of creating some of the most elegant cars in the world.
We're proud to carry them.
local governments will feel the pinch of federal cuts soon.
it is just now.trickling down GBCA brownbag
yeah, I'm trying.
the fuck ?
Who said that lol
Thanks for the RT
I'm a man of the people!
Keep moving forward
Watching my team play the sixers
Go there, pledgethen RTIt's time....www.petridish.org/projects/quailproject
Deploy your own cloud with Debian Wheezy
Lunch  ice cream with , Maddy  Jacob.
Woohoo!
:
I love the food here, and the place is packed.
I find grading must be done in a noisy atmosphere!
I'm hard to Love.
Run, pilates, wedding stuff, laundoctor, go see Sex In Seattle later.
Planning on a decent day.
Sun would be nice though.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Lao Tsu
Am I really graduating in 2 months and 1 week?
Boy, time flies when you're having the funnest 4 years of your life.
Hi, just go to neybor.com and enter the addoctorss.
Wizard will walk you through.
Free Beta now.
Look forward to feedback
Happy summer everyone!
What is the one thing you most look forward to this summer?
agree.
Birdsplatting banana crazy
You can tell an ad is for a liberal cause as it will contain fearmongering, class warfare, or victimization.
Or all 3.
Damn technology.
:/
The dog belonged to the villain.
The woman lured it into the hole with her to try to get the villain to let her go.
then find a singer!
I'd ask for the link, but my phone hates me,  I can't get to a computer .
haha
I am making a playlist for the Farm Bill.
It's going to be amazing.
Oh no!
I'm sorry!
I bet you if I try hard enough I can read my sister's mind :P
Just found a wine cork stuck in my vacuum cleaner filter.
What the...?
If you'd like to check out any of the winning video or broadcast work that didn't play at the show, check out your showbook.
I'm giving Catcher in the Rye another shot.
So far still not impressed.
What I love about daylight savings is the sun being out this late.
626 what's your fav movie?:
misterin world startin the day off thankin God for another day n handeling business be blessed
that was really delicious!
Just found out catered for sex well into his 20's.
NFL playoffsNHL playoffsMLB playoffsNBA playoffs
Hey thanks for the follow!!
I really need the help of HGTV I want them to come in and redesign my kitchen and living room.
Where do I start?
Thanks for the shoutout, Brian!
Looking forward to eating and nerding with you one
Q6: i didn't know there were different ones for different situations
Changed it to Titanic.
Thank you for the welcome!
I'm happy to be here!
TIRED AS crap!
if you have been waiting for a great deal the time is now to take advantafe of incredible lease and purchase offers!
Any time for you, babes!
Awkward moment when you start talking to a stranger next to you at the store, thinking its your mom:P awkward moments
Confetti, Philly?
Confetti?
Really?
I'm assuming that is a thank you for the refs!
10 terrific pieces of advice  from celebrities to their teenage selves
Welcome to Broncos Country!
Looking forward to watching you develop into our next franchise QB!
neverbe influenced negatively .
Downfall to late night workouts  insomnia
Yes, create a cooking show with kids for kids!
The girl in Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video looks way older then he does lolol
how to I figure out pixels vs mm in microsoft viso for web interface wireframes?
Looks like we're enjoying the handbag collection Part II today : Happy Friday ladies :
Happy Birthday !
Looking forward to catching up in a couple of weeks for a soccer ideas fest!
Any other slpeeps prefer a really nice handwritten thank you over a present this time of year?
It's so cool to see Mizzou on collegegameday.
MIZ!
congratulations!
all that hard work paying off.
As a parent, I know you must be so proud!
CovertTU!
RT Hey , where you at!
Awesome.
Well, there isn't much to see here at the moment, but stay tuned.
Things will get crankin' soon.
OMG there is a snack mini bar in my hotel room.
I am doomed.
I still remember the Bird steal  pass to DJ in the 1987 Eastern Conference Finals that broke my heart.
Damn Celts.
What an awesome fundoctoriser, Freeze 4 Life, beatcancer and keep warm!
wasn't even rap music.
It was linkin park.
Not even close.
And everyone there acts like it.
Roy returns to his seat, signing autographs
Why are you scared..
it's just a roach?
roach spreads wings OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BTCH RUN!
lol
Holding gold thoughts.
: Contemplating my next move.
Hate when health has the last say so.
Hi Nita!
Just putting my calendar together.
What are those dates on again on the conference and what is the city...Thx!
We'll also talk USChina relations onset after the SED in BeijingFrench, Egyptian and Greek elections.
cctvamerica 9pm EST/9am Beijing
There's a spark of magic in your eyes......
How do you define integrity?
Today's blog is God's definition...
A belated thank you, Rob!
And hoorah for you as well!
Great show last Friday....
Please don't be surprised when they announce that I won..
Wake and Create!
Let's get it in Tribe!
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody.
Now I see that I should have been more specific.
Jane Wagner
what what??
who?
where?
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you later this evening.
...aww thanks girl made my night 
Gearing up for Bridging the Reality Gap with PBL at the Inn.
Preparing to blow some minds open.
Al Sharpton will join the k
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward  Abraham Lincoln
What are Pens v.
Flyers tix on Dec 29th going for now?
is trying to get up to start her filming day.
it will be out soon.
Still editing.
After they approve the cuts, we begin sound/color work.
Hope to have it done in 23 weeks
Thanks boo xoxo RT : aw well I hope you get better!!
its all good!
interesting!
Well I'm glad things are okay now :
Scott County Schools are releasing early due to the forecast of severe weather.
Elementaries are out at noon; Others between 1 and 1:30
And the crappy shows go into season 8.
RT The good ones seem to die young.

I tried to find him to give him a nuggie for you but no luck!
Wow, very cool!
Thank You for following us at actinginla.org Following you too!
We who are pasty and flabby salute you!
big up you all!
Soul, thanks for the love!
Wishes would follow me :'
G.B.
Trudeau had a Samoan football player character in Doonesbury.
His position: front four.
Your manager explains that no new employee can after a 90 day probation every gets exceed expectations even though you did a good job.
Colin Tilley is my role model, straight up
Funny...
on my route today while listening he hit into a momentum killing double play...
You know what's crazy?
The sooners keep winning but there ranking keeps doctorpping.
Our days are ours to create.
Visualize from the end of today and imagine it as done and having been magical!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away
Today was ok for me even tho i didn't really do nuffing
Yes she does
Learn to trust for you to be trusted

williet gobrazil Awesome intel Stats on Brazil would love Presentation pls.
First place at Sunshine State Dance Challenge of the weekend!!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support us!
Yes.
One Union.
Here we come SAGawards!
I wholeheartedly agree!
People who get paid too much sometimes don't work as hard to produce.
You rock!
Still staring at the dirt hoping the string bean seeds will turn into plants.
Any day now :!
Some new music to be posted tonight
Swag  MT 28 years ago with 1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at UTexas, I started Dell.
so bummed I'm missing tonight :
had to pop Molly just so I can go to sleep
Lot's of snow still falling.
West LinnWilsonville schools now CLOSED for the day.
...
When Lebron wins its because of him.
When he loses, its a team sport lmao
Japanese will be the death of me 
Any resources for workplace case studies I can adapt to training?
Especially about rumors and gossiping?
lol woah there buddy...goin a little h.a.m over there aren't u?
I got 32 flavor of this bootylicious bubble gum raspberry, grape, cherry  ;
hey whats gracie's twitter name?
...I don't have an iPhone.
But my wallet has it's own gravitational pull.
Books You Hold in Your Hand  Huffington Post
I'm currently searching for a seasoned Paralegal with experience overseeing Corporate Filings, managing a Contract Management System  serv
Will be interesting to see if people actually miss the tastes of McDonald's burgers with pink slime.
Maybe they'll become seasonal?
hahaha!
thanks for the boost in confidence!
Loving the LinkedIn app for iPhone!
my bus ride tonight was full retard.
i'm totally unclear as to why we need to purchase a product from a vendor to make a list of our bibliographic databases.
I havent seen that many white flags in the air since the last time France were at war.
2 Domestics, 1 Bombs and 50 cent wings at 9pm!
Right now we have Mexican Chicken Pizza, Cheesy Bacon Veggie Soup  Blackened Chicken Salad
Between the matinée and the evening performance.
Sorry I have not posted about my current show.
A Christmas Story at Kudzu.
Am the Narrator.
yes but I'm still working at Butterbees so I'll be up here all the time
First day of part time job in the books.
Good to have something to do while more résumés go out, and not rely on unemployment.
Attending the / / show tonight at National Underground in downtown Nashville w/ Jennifer Cooper!
Crazy busy day  love working for the Kingdom of God!
Honored to help!
Love learning w/you:
Pretty much pissed off
lucky duckthat's gonna be so fun!
I'm planning to try and grab OTC tix, at least...been wanting to see 'em since high school
ur a fag
Couldn't follow along yesterday, but now I get to catch up on all the dayofdh action over breakfast
RT : Getting my node on with at foss4g in his NodeJS and Polymaps workshop.
Fishtail braids are pretttttyyyy
HOTTER NEW RELEASE Hell Slithers Lust Simmers in new Florida Thriller PYTHON BY Carina Nolan only 7.99 amazon
Phone going dead 
Never let your enemies place fear in you.
The worst that can happen is you lose.
However, that means you can start right back fighting.
my pleasure!
We need to get to Part 2.
Another successful day here in the San Diego Real Estate world!
We always love helping our amazing clients buy and sell their homes
How do uu do that shit how do u
THIS RT In my perfect world I'd have 3 or 4 big client projects a yr with the rest of the time reserved for writing  mentoring
Does Illinois matter?
Very excited to read to students today at Bancroft Elementary for ReadAcrossAmerica!
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss.
you need to stop hurtin' 'em hammer.
I love my mommy.
:
yesterday was pretty tough after a red eye with no sleep, but now feeling good enough to say that its not always worth 4500 extra for a bed
This life ain't worth shit with out the only thing that you love..
we had the greatest scout team ever.
With two ga's a walkon and 2 redshirt
Trying not to let my past effect my future.
Seems appropriate :
when will you follow me!
ily!!!
Ann worked the hardest and longest hours any woman could.
She is very qualified!
Yeah I don't think they're using the save.
Sucks.
it would mean oh, so much if you would talk to me please.
Charlottle weather is great..i would be freezing if if i was back home smh!
New Intro On Their Website.
Very James Bond Like!
Ready for this evening ?
I'll try!
But I can't promise anything.
What time does it start?
Feel like getting tatted..
Super excited to have a LIVE episode this year!
Isn't UAT the best part of any project?
siona benjamin, indian jewish artist on www.zanbeelart.com
IT'S SO SLOW
re:narrative an atomic part can be used in 1 narratives  but where are the diff contexts explained?
Terry Anderson is playing at tonight starting at 6:309:30pm
Dan you are doing a better job than ESPN.
They are awful.
season starts tonight  let's go bruins!
STAR astrology general rule: joys of planets by house placement are only effective if a planet is in sect,  ineffective if contrary
lol yeah, but seriously...fuck the Falcons
GOOD MORNING WORLD!!!
STAY BLESSED AND STAY POSITIVE!!!
RT : Nashville Area's Advantages Attract New Business, Investment  Nashville, TN Economic Development:...
Yes of course!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf, she went through my pictures.
Oh, now.
How is THAT the dark side?
For you, at least...
Thanks Chris, but no.
It was a negative review, and I'm pretty sure written by a man.
I know it circulated on Twitter .
.
.
The sad part is I'm a Laker fan...great team and they get a great deal of respect
great search, engine, cc computers uses it all the time,
hey my names Kaylee :
my fone is gonna die  I dont wanna charge it:b goodnight!.:
would love to chat.
DM me your number!
PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and send me their music!
We need undiscovered music for our station!!!
talking about who ....?
lol, that tweet was funny,
I need to have one as well!!
RT : yo wats up with the idj flashlight??
i need that for the collection!
Don't give up!
watching Luther made me want to revisit Heligoland.
now, listening to Heligoland makes me want to watch Luther.
you all have a great memorial day weekend!!!!
Mom to me in jest: You must've been doctornk last night because you told me I am a wonderful mother.
hahaha
Ha ha ha
Oh man I loved TRL!
I remember voting an insane amount of times during the era of BSB v.
NSync
AJ Hawk was resigned...they cut him for business reasons and JS says he is signing 5 year contract
One less montage could have meant a Muppets performance.
Tear.
Roy and at tonight at 10pm right after Opening Night.
Believe dat.
Don't blame McQueary for not doing more.
He followed protocol by telling Paterno and University.
He didn't want to end up like the DA.
Hey!
I registered for the next class but haven't gotten a confirmation or parking pass.
Phone  for digimedia is wrong.
Help?
We love each and every one of you.
Thank you for the unconditional love and support that you've shown us all since we started this 3
I'm glad thm steelers didn't win lol
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am then Join Leno Titans Gym Master SPINNING instructor.
Class start's at 12:15pm all non member's 5.00...
keep your iphone..
unless the doctorid is better than the iphone.
You are so welcome!
Tangerine Tango is such a fun color!
Hate to see people shy away from it, even in staging!
Black and white TV set, and no cable.
I give 'em the benefit of the doubt usually, but it's starting to doctorve me nuts.
Some lean back.
But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finishline, first!
T.F.
Hodge
Raining in LA all day today!
It's cool because it's quiet  still.
Working on some projects that I'm very excited about.
Stay tuned!
When did Glen get kinda sorta dare I say cute?
Love Burbank's free greening progeria!
Building the southby schedule, get ready for the best week of your life
what should i be for halloween hum?
Another Night W/O Her  Goodnight
yikes.
thats where it is!
I agree...I be out my body
It's gonna be a long night.
He was probably told we were buying dino stickersinstead of these robots
Film Maker Darren A.
Saunders apologizes to George Lucas  Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product.
We have 3D Without glasses!
Kind of embarrassed to admit that I'm watching The IT Crowd for the first time.
Not really finding it that funny.
Canned laughter shudders
Yay!
I'm home :D and since it's national grilled cheese day I made myself a yummy grilled cheese sandwich 
I love you both.
I mean it.
hbrchat A1  I think the biggest innovation barrier I encounter is knowing how to find and connect available resources
I am now following This also means I get a follow right?
:
Getting in an early workout.
Work's always tiring, haha: My day's going pretty good.
It's Mother's Day, so just happy to see my mom happy:
Let It Burn
Thanks, Casey!
Good to meet up here!
too early
Inquiring minds want to know: Where will you absolutely travel to play golf this summer?
Tweet us your itinerary and we'll blog it!
Get up!
Get down!
Get those bankers out of town
: Tania Head said she was a 9/11 survivor but she made it all up She was obviously at a buffet
NO My Nicholicious
Shastic.com allows performers to build their portfolio in a flashy kind of way that promises to make MySpace and ReverbNation jealous.
Are you gonna kiss me or not, good song haha
hahahaha NEVER EVER !
Gah let's rewind last week and do it all over again
Losing it lol.
Welcome Morocco!
Well, I think it's great that you're doing so much writing.
bummer.
Would have loved to have talked more.
I hate the birds chirping in the morning.
So annoying
Tired of sacrificing my last breath to make every one happy.
I'm only 16 when is my happiness going to start?
Thanks for follow, gotta say those are some interesting tweets.
Its like 2008 all over again, The Gmen beats the patriots again.
62, NFC East leaders the NY giants.
Way to go Eli!
So glad I got a pedicure just for tonight.
40 down the doctorin.
Church at eight in the morning 
Can and will do.
I've been using hemp  chia seeds in my smoothies recently and I'm lovin' them.
Geez The time I try to get some sleep, I cannot fall asleep finalsweek collegeproblems GetAtMe?
work dem hips run girll
With his track record this series?
They never should of put his ass in there...oughh
Sweet addiction.
S'alright x
Hm...
last twee said they would be in Birmingham at that same time today...?
Met author AGS Johnson today.
Lovely woman and talented author!
Great breakfast chat.
Ppl act So hard Smh
Come on Miami.
Do it for daddy.
rumor has it that they were going to assign Chuck Lorre to the Rosie show as a writer.
;
kickstarting ass
RT who cares who develops digitalpreservation tools so long as they are good?
yeah true!
RT : If you want to conquer fear, dont sit home and think about it.
Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
I need to update my music like nowx
I know that I'm not all that you got.
Can't wait to see you at the Spring into Summer Concert with !
It's going to be awesome!
Nope.
When I get one like that I call them..
Usually, they've hired an SEO company that was up to no good.
Come back Roland.
I forgive you for leaving me on that sheik's yacht in the Gulf of Oman.
maybe..
But it shouldn't be.
I'm really sorry again 4 the late response :/
nah I'm comin back tmister
Sounds good bro
GNight :D
you should follow to hear all about
Young Justice 3
you could be a black bird on the country street, hidin' from the world with a broken wing, but you better believe you're gonna fly with me 
I know but it's bluryyy
That's a word from a pro.
Good to hear from ya
nope...he made it up!
Can you believe him?!!
FAKE Holiday ...: Just remember today is NOT Mexican independence day!!!
cincodemayo
ever go out to watch toon games in pdx?
I like them and would go catch one with you sometime maybe
Yannis Pantazis and Corey Harris in the studio the last two days creating traditional Greek Music, Meditation Music and some blues.
Killer!
Good Night Twitter 333333
Yay.
Just finished all my work's for pet's and other freebies  mission item's for this coming DEC 1 :D I'll be back after WOE
As the White House curator, William G.
Allman works hard to keep a low professorle as he tends to the art and antiques.
here's a question for the two of you, does the bowtie only work because I don't normally wear one...?
saw that you're training for a ..What kind of shoes have you mudded in before or plan to use now?
Everytime Isabel tells me her and Matthew made up I ask Made up or Made out ;
Hm we have 4 new followers but my homepage still says 2,998.
Mystery!
Oh well, I'm starting the contest anyway!
Get ready!
Lets get it right back
Should we extend the deadline for this photo contest?
Post them to our wall to enter.
Winner becomes our professorle pic.
I hate Mondays.
HATE THEM.
We don't need a plaque.
We have a trophy!
That should have been a fair ball.
I hate this
Installing now, review to come at robotappz.com
Thanks Jeremy!
FOLLOW BACK
Dia CaterWebb of Arts4Learning It takes a village to raise a child...support the village
when will you be adding to your programming?
Watching tv with
RT : Q6 What can our national, state, and local leaders do to improve education equity?
Sounds good!
is it wrong to think that your friend's math teacher is extremely hot?
Back in San Jose after a full week of late Lotusphere activities, need to get caught up on Daily Show
takes a bow
Nova taken out of the game: sucks.
chats are always controlled chaos.
; Topic is how to get real about realtime.
Dive right in and introduce yourself!
yeah definitely!
Any other onthego features like DMVs near you or stuff like that you can think of?
That would explain why John Hodgman wrote so much about it.
Or maybe that's WHY the hipsters are there.
HEY YOU when are you coming back to Chicago!?
i really need a chance to see you in person like ASAP.
is off to church to see my little homies from the Escobar crew get baptized.
You teamLesiban...now I see why!
Ugh!
everyone here needs to follow shes new to twitter!
You cannot do a kindness too soon, or you never know how soon it will be too late Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Tomorrow's not promised act today
Lol!
So she know's about this account?
RIP Fat Dingo
had an awesome time vending pet parade in Atlantic Station..met a lot of 4 legged lil ppl..we were a hit!
im nowhere near that dance place.
What happened??
Txt me
Hope everyone has a great night.
I am home relaxing now after working.
Going to watch American Idol soon.
:D
Hm, how many cars do you think we can set on fire before getting to Subway?
Here we go !
Nothing is further from the truth.
Thanks.
Haha, So Nick Mara farts uncontrollably, when he's sleeping...
Thats attractive!
Aww, we love you too!
I loved the 90210 finale!
I love that Naomi is back with Max.
GirlsShould be so jelaous of Madonna cos when they are 53 they will be like grandmas :D
Holla at you !
Thanks for hosting us
Thank you Mohammad RT : A customer service from a whole new planet ;
Good luck with the meetup Kallye!
Hopefully its a happy Lifetime movie, if anything!
its been a while since ive watched baseball
Thx for the RT last night re: our event w 's Kevin Roderick  Eric Lynxwiler.
We're wking on an event writeup.
we hope you enjoyed your visit!
Yea that IS Bruce'thewayitis'Hornsby's kid playing for UNC Ashville
Any luck the rest of the weekend??
I'm having the same problem this morning!
Cinco De Mayo :
It's 12 degrees outside.
Two days ago it was 69 degrees.
Wha?
With any technology or social media, resources are key  wide words from during MusEdTech panel.
.........and the man dumped me at the vet.
signed some forms, gave scraps a hug  then bolted.
BASTARD.
not 2 mention he forgot breakfast!
A Bengals blog said that the Browns pick of Weeden was a bad investment?
That's like Greece giving Portugal financial advice.
Bryan Adams is fixing to start.
Oh, the anticipation!!!
Need to work on legacy collage.
That will wake you up.
I love Blood Orange ......
she is wild lol.
Bulls D is ridiculous...surprise Bron disappears!!
Hunter Pence or Carlos Beltran, who do you move for which one BravesCountry?
Ah!
There are midges on my front window!!!
No!!!!!!
Booking these up!
Don't wait anymore, because time is moving fast!
im praying for rick ross mann
Vinnie was absolutely brilliant in narrating this chase....lots of poise and calm demeanor
Afternoon workout..
they remind me of the heat last year.
A lot of hype they need to time to adjust and to gel.
So many new variables/ballpark

Tony Rynders sure knows how to make pinot noir.
Had a DS Mark bradford vyrd 99 recently...it was simply fantastic.
LosLynx luck at the Vikings game!
i had to get up and leave at that bit.
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
no I am not but my guys will be there to take care of you Brandon and Kareem
And just like that I nearly finished a tub of Ben and Jerry's Froyo
ahahahahahahah DO IT!!!
Grew up in Golden Hill Dad had 53 Buick Roadster; how cool was that grill???
Just as sweet as aroma  Sunbeam bakery 16  G sts.
Dow you have a show that you want to be on the air.
Contact Us NOW
That, sir, is the best response  EVER.
Thank you homie!
xD I love you too boi.
3
your a classy dude glad ur back can't wait to see on the field again!
soon I hope
Everyone have a fun and safe weekend !!
Loving it!
oh that's Kcool !
Aha
Gotta give props to MCA, a pioneer in the hiphop industry.
Woke up to a big zit!
Super way to start my day : now off to a bridal shower 40 miles away...
Shoot me?
I can't wait to be wearing short shorts, a crop top, and mandels in the streets of Paris with you!!!!
she's beautiful ;
If the bandwagon helps the Orioles fans shut up Yankees fans, I'll be okay with that.
Dont answer the haters.
You will tear it up at mizzu, wish you were at UK but i wish you good luck!
My knee hurts
Anyone else wanna call it quits and go live under a boardwalk with me?????
Frustrating isn't even the half of it.
Without Amare and Lin, it's downright embarrassing.
Looking for inexpensive entertainment for the Little People?
Visit your local regional airport on a day when they are giving flight lessons.
Wow!
I'm stupid!
Haha!
I didn't mean to do that!
Lol!
:P BlondeMoment!
As soon as the pics of the guys' faces were lifted, I started crying.
So proud!
They really deserved it and I'm glad they got it :
you're welcome ma'am!
I'm always thinking of food , I can't help it .
I'm a skinny fat person lmao
Back to reality
the steamy romantic doctormas section needs some work ......
your quotes make my day.
Just put dark burgundy dye on my hair  am waiting for it to process.
This could either turn out really well or really bad...
unless a bomb strikes your foxhole as the battle begins....
Moms making fried chicken!
Agreed.
Kudos to the Sioux City Journal for placing that editorial was on the front page.
The entire front page.
So, what?
He's moving to Saturdays?
// RT : On now, saying goodbye.
Successful Project Gym, lunch w and grocery shopping.
Now looking forward to a successful nap.
let me know when it is I will come
The global commerce environment is not controllable.
Landed in L.A.
and ALL I can think about is the work I have to catch up on.
Bye Jamaica, I'll miss you :
Conan is actually hilarious right now.
I'm in an airport right now too.
This is the most blown I've ever been in my whole entire life
shout out to all of my new followers.
i followed u all.
promo me.
Wow I honestly don't know, I think either Hazza, Niall, or Zayn : xx
How Many Niggas Know How Many Females Exactly They've Had Sex With?
is the bomb so you should follow her: should follow her:
: I'm Facebook famous humblebrag futilethreats About as famous as my sexy curly locks.
Lockup on Netflix is getting me through this thesis.
Word to Fleece Johnson.
How do you evaluate whether something is fascinating?
Kids and kids at heart enjoying Easter festivities Loving the holiday pics!
Pissed off at my stupid slow internet, why do my parents have to live out in the middle of nowhere, I hate everything up here!!!!
I have so much respect for you!
love watching u on DOOL.....your main pic rocks!
the gay community has to love u!
xoxo
Today is one of those days where I wish was my friend so I could ask him why this bird keeps trying to break into my house...
Coaches at game from cu, Texas tech, north co, s.dakota, wyo, du, and some d2's
your taste in music sucks!
I wish
Congrats to Laura Kaeppeler on becoming Miss Wisconsin 2011!
We can't wait to help make your smile even brighter than it already is!
21 jump street is a riot
Thank you for the RT and for helping us spread the word about OurSDVision!
Well, it is most definitely not the comic.
Yep.
Youngest person here.
God bless the Yankees
Great story on the Leverts in today's PD!
hm no but I have a couple friends that do ...
Thats crazy that's a lot of work
Come in and get your lashes done at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A wink of Couture.The lash studio for the glamorous
why did she color her hair???
FAT LADY HASN'T SUNG, SO PLEASE KEEP YOUR COMPOSURE FCB!
LET'S GO ALL THE WAY!!!
Cool idea!
My sick day: take a shower, play unnecessary video games, and ignore homework that was due today.
Thanks for the RT, do you plan to attend the PTTC series?
Today I got to celebrate exactly 5 yrs with the man I'm marrying in 42 days.
we did nothing special, yet he still treats me like a princess.
Watchin Malcolm X.
Prima Facie  At first sight, on the face of it
Been sitting in the virtual waiting room forever and haven't moved!
Just need 1 pair to take my son when the Brewers play..
Schools out!
Summer vacation here i come!!
TellMeNicki are you coming to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on your US Tour?
ESPN speculates he will he fired if they lose tonight.
That's what Magic Johnson said as well.
He's a goner if they lose.
The GWJ reaction to that was lukewarm IIRC, but then we still have a fairly active X3 community.
Let us know what you think.
I have seen many redtails and a few redshoulderedespecially along highways.
Perhaps rodent population is up??
the suffering, the pain, the dedication, the hard work,.
All of that makes you great fighter mentally and physically!
And
now playing :  ya man ain't me :
On what xx  Dip was actin a ass in Poto last night
Janiva Magness tonight at the Toad Tavern in Littleton, CO...we gonna be there!
Hal Ritson: People are interested in the artists, not in somebody from the marketing department.
MidemNet 2010

are gonna turn blue in a minute
Well at least they didn't get blown out
You gotta love ARkansas
LAX through security, now where's my starbucks?
Thanks!
Digging his coverage.
Update Chrome  new version includes tab synching across all devices you're logged into.
Donald Sutherland isn't completely to blame for his car vs
Good Night Twitter :
Thanks for the nice rejection, Chelsea!
U da nicest.
You sending to the Pinch anytime soon?
:thank you : for the mentions!
Back to I go for my Simon Fashion Now runway show fitting.
Rough Thursday!
:
Starting day 2 of my first tedactive and excited to see what delighters are in store!
Breakfast Pays Huge Dividends in Boston Nike Air Max Schools ...
Norway mourns death of 26yearold swimming star
...and the shot glasses.
The only weirder trinket was the shot glass Warners put in the deluxe Looney Tunes bluray.
Our man!
RT : A1 nothing beats the Morning to run off the hangover and sweat out the Jameson
I find it incredibly awkward sitting on the bus in a skirt.
Can people get Me some followers?
: I would greatly appreciate it 3
atplc Group IQ is powerful
someone want to come to the mall tonight :.
Getting my stage at the aviary lined up
Have the feeling Jeff Garcia will be back in the NFL next weekend.
Lots of QB's hurt today
Your bodys like a pill i shouldnt take.
OMG makes me want to POP an app off!
Wow.
Cee Lo Green really rocks the nylon tracksuit.
Enjoy the flight might be the most ridiculous request I've ever heard.
Does anyone ever feel the need to spend an afternoon in front of a giant whiteboard getting all your ideas out into the open?
Just got my new balance 890s thx to first workout in them was success
Yes, indeed.
RT : Good advice in the days of lynch law.
Hey cutie how bout you follow me?!?
Trick for ya..
Get in the elevator, hold DOOR CLOSE and YOUR FLOOR for 5 seconds.
Express to your floor.
Energy adviser Bob McNally boils down oil markets for Congress: voracious global demand  dwindling OPEC spare capacity  high prices.
Mann,I Don't.
Wan't No Kids Rite.Now.
Gorgeous day for some student lobbying in Oly!
WIN an iPad just for registering before Dec 24.
FREE TRX DEMO WEDNESDAY AT 5:30PM.
Only 5 spots left  reserve yours now!!!
holly thats right when he looked into our eyes!3
I saw Blake Shelton last year at a small casino, great show!
Paul's Boutique.
Night Mia and sweet doctorams...
Any vampires or Deep, wake up  run..
lol
lloooong day, got to meet my personal trainer today : wish i had more free sessions because it was worth it !
We couldn't agree more.
RT : Amaretto  Angostura Bitters makes it all much, much better.
lol : Word i feel so sexy now lol
I appreciate everyone that follow me and I sincerely wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!!
thank you!!!
I definitely will :
I don't recall :
Check your DNS  Off the Kuff
Wow wow wow.
I did not want to hear that.
Sounds like the same meeting we had this morning!
: when do u wanna skype?
Hair long, ass fat.
All these people wanting you to support Kony make me sick.
Who would support this maniac?
It's insane...
Radical's my anthem
I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it Chet
I think I'll replace Clippy with captainin Obvious in my lecture slides.
Happy Birthday Tupac, regardless of what they say about him, he was well love and 106Kmel is jamming all his song..Hood Figure now what!
Its cool, i understand.
Dont surround yourself with tards bro C:
Can someone please explain to me how the hell it is that these girls on My Big Fat GypsyWedding are ALL stacked?
Is it genetics?
Diet?
Wth?
I was only nervous for a couple of mins.
Learned how to use all the machines and that baccarat is slow as fuck.
RT is hiring fall interns!
betterlatethannever Submit your resume to .
You must be able to get school credit.
Thanks Leandoctor for following us!
I been waiting on my sis all week !
Is it fully confirmed?
I also read a rumor that might happen up north.
Ice creams vans are pure genius.
I love when something shows up EXACTLY at the right time!
And it happens more often than you think.
I hate my family.
already did:
Done for the day.
See ya tomorrow.
Here's to Friday!
you did wonderful Elizabeth!
Thank you for working so hard!
Hey!
I resemble that remark!
: Morning all!
Took me a minute, but finally explored the menu Love.
by the way i really really dug issue 3.
Expect a review after the holidays .
just left the office!
Chicago here we come!
Sure!
Sounds like fun!
lmaoooooooooo Steph !
Thanks girl thanks  glad I have your approval.
It was a rough 2 years of hs bahaha
holiday party!!!
What is the most notable difference in styles?
Ah found my ipod!!!
yess :
People with bad hygiene
Lukasik: Perhaps CBB doesn't want us to read Jane Talbot so much as think about why we are so disappointed in it when we do.
20 ALL TAKEOUT ORDERS TODAY!!!
No coupons or any promos accepted, Come and get a juicy burger...it's the Superbowl hon!
I feel like I just time warped from friday night to right now.
whoa.
uh oh...
Tiger learned how to put!
prsagaconf Jeremy Baka's talk on unleashing creativity began by speaking ill of the dead and just got better from there
hmm.
Toy story is cool, I cried at the end of the 3rd one, I need a reply to live.
On the way to have a preseminar breakfast I saw the launch of Madden 12.
Congrats to Peyton Hillis.

THAT'S RACIST!!
Spending the day with my boyfriend3
I'm new to this as well my friend.
I hope the market is treating you well.
Punk rocked Strummerville last night at Bottom of The Hill.
Good times!!
Happy birthday Joe.
So lets play doctor BAYB, we'll operate toDAY, can't wait to play our new cover on the 12th ;
RT ARTweet: If we go for the easy way, then we never change.
Marina Abramović
Happy Monday!
It is a great day in Indy!
I think it's time we put a warning label on Ben and Jerry's?
Warning: Eating this ice cream may cause you to look like Ben and Jerry
Supposed to get free inhouse coffee refills with reg sbux card but keep charging !
Weren't trained on their own marketing perks!
A good est.
but doesn't account for sample size.
GA 's weighted sort uses an algorithm to account for significance
visited the boutique today!
So excited for what is to come with their new collections!
Well, that's a pity.
Just came from the dentist and after i went and eat Jack in the box with my mom 
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Say hi to Camister!
RT  I finally caved  got me a fancy newfangled twitter account.
World peace /or world domination is imminent.
what are their stage names?
idk its more comfy
Always be thankful of those who love  support you
To buy: New lens for my Canon or field camera?
I love that says Auntie that's so Chicago lol
Going to watch the movie The Help, I hope it's good!
I will!
Probably be a few months I am a slow painter!
Thanks :
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
It's right down the street.
I want to hear more about your catalogue efforts too.
For sure and looking to add more to her dirty girl posse.
:o?
: Wishing the messages I get were from youu...
Then it's off to see Nurge at The Red Rabbit.
Yeah!
Aspire higher!
I register an account with , and get an email from their select 3rd party advertisers: STOP THE MD GAS TAX  Lame.
Neuromarketing: Is it real?
Deep down, in yr subconscious, U know it is!
1 day, IC will use 2!
Right now Spain vs.
Scotland  vamos Espana!
Watching jersey shore !!
Back to doctornking water more often, fell off
If Your Friends With Yourself First Well Thats One Down
It's hard to get some teachers to adapt to using them.
Morning practice tweeters.
Have open houses his weekend?
Think about promoting those on twitter.
Links, pictures and witty copy!
nice message ain't it?
grow up be mature oh yeah n grow some balls n bring your ass to the hood n dont forget bitch graduated top of our classes
not just u.
Lol frank.
Jojo.
Rachel.
All y'all do it haha.
I just say ttyl :
I'll never understand why women seem to be so sensitive about their weight.
Beauty comes in all sizes!
Sunday is the new Saturday!
so check out SundayJazzLounge tonight w/special guest James King, amazingspace for
Thank you for not being here !!!!
I don't have to do the routine till Tuesday  :
you were fire last night
Lil attitude problem came with all women I thought?
Is it wrong that I'm secretly relieved my boyfriend's flight is delayed?
Also that I'm tweeting it?
I just saw the uncut video of it!!!!
What a piece of trash!
Dana has every right to be mad!
that's happened to me before.
Haha what a way to end a day!
There's a glimmer of hope for me in regards to passing AP Calc
Holy cow Austin  the storm / lightning / wind is pretty crazy.
Was walking Louie and it felt like Dorothy and Toto in Oz.
Downloading sides on a SUNDAY to send to talent!
Im such a mama's girl lol i miss her alreadyi just saw her like a hour ago
Anti social just gonna keep to my self
going on a class trip, be back Friday!
x
Smooth move, asshole.
Thanks for the follow.
This is a great service to actors.
is one of the best CD's in town.
Good to know!
We live in crazy world.
If I restore from 5.0 to 4.3.3, will I be able to restore from a backup or will it say it can't because the version is old?
Can't stand when I see a guy not opening a door for a woman, especially when it's a younger guy/older woman.
I love that I've completed college, have a bachelors degree and am making NOTHING, all I can hope is Ill learn something from this...
Glad to hear we're your favorite!
sca2012 Calif Redistricting Commission planned ahead for retention of their files.
Ahh, nirvana.
BandsILove System of a Down
Dog sitting again!
RT : Stoked for the holiday party !
Micah Brown  J...
when did you see it?
I only saw once.
What is wrong with me?
I can construct a pathfinder on ANY SUBJECT I WANT and I can't think of a damn thing.
um if you find it I will buy the first round.
Lol
And and name that starts with a J is sexy af....by default.
I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work and my God.
In final stages of bizness manual for actors w/ auditions  auditiontechnique for stage TV Film getting an agent  more.
ilovemylife
I hate when people say they follow back when they really don't!!
Congratulations to 2012 IBFF Audience Award Winner HALF and 2012 Audience Award Honorable Mentions FLUID and STORYWOODS!
totally used this!
haha thank you
Anxious 2C what DD and Mack do now!
So sad 2C Muschamp leave!
Hope rumors of our beloved Major and Akina joining him r wrong!
Not only is it weekone, but America's Game: 2011 Packers premiers Wednesday night at 9 PM ET.
Think I'll have to do 95
come get me lol
I never get 100 on my playing quizzes only 93 WHY WHY?!!!
I finally realized that I love him so much....
Working is even harder!
Hey!
How's things?
How is the family?
It's the best feeling :
White Mystery has mastered hairography.
hey !
we hire now girls as webcam models for our new website, would you like to join us?
that's a good thing right?!
definition of alcohol: Addiction Free Forever Program  doctornk pictures
can't wait to start editing this video this weekend, Everyone Keep a look out for Jaquon Story's music video Trade Director by yours truly
what are you up to?
lol yea I started a mini scene ova a cookie id hav
Miss America 2012 miss Wisconsin
thanks John!!
I gotta thank though for how amazing they look.
And for the rad customer service :
Looks like the Cargo of old is back
i watched the first two eps and then quit.
i'm amazed that it got another season.
My fridayreads  Graveyard Book Silence Thom Perry, CSLewis Till We Have Faces, CDs in car
Having pain and not knowing how you got it
Me too Abs!!!
You've no idea.
Wish we were having afternoon tea again :.
Hugs!!!
I know that Jesus died for us!
But I couldnt tell you who the other side was, so I parallel double park that mothafucka sideways!
This bag of candy is everything right now
do people still use this site?
Hello goodies :
Cool : First Directioner I've followed : And thanks for the follow back :
This show with Tami character OS a prime example of bullying and how people watch without doing anything
I sense a merch opportunity here: Graduatin' Molly action figure!
Congratulations!
Maybe Im Tha One
i know we're young, and i know we've made mistakes  i just hope you'll realize what you're missing out on one of these days.
Imaginedoctorgons Your eyes, they shine so bright, I want to save their light, I can't escape this now, Unless you show me how
A2: I think history includes any Chapter awards and recognitions won...
what else would you include?
Yo , I feel slow AF , I just got where you got that stuck in highlights shit from, Don Trip !
I'm sittin in the booth watchin run the boards, the guy who runs the lights got to dancing and backhanded me square in the chest.
I am glad to hear that.
: Me?
I am just going to watch CriminalMinds and CSI:
Go, Molly!
Thanks for coaching, Calley.
RT : Getting ready to Race for the Cure with a friend doing her first 5k ever.
Anytime luv RT : , long overdue.
Next week?
Moving to Cartersville was the worst and best decision I've ever made.
the only thing I hear is music desaburre music ...!
I finally have this IPhone in my hands..
Not complaining.
What the fuck is 96?
It's a number, scientist.
It really means 'read a book.' Ha, yeah right, I can't even pretend, fuck reading
nice going on Tosh.0 last night...first web redemption I've seen where the person looked badass!
I heart you!
Can't wait for our Runyon Canyon date!
thanks i found them : bahahhaa: man!
I wanted to make a twitter account for one of austins body parts but they r all taken
Not a chance :
Such an early game in the middle of no where
is ECSTATIC that she won an open records battle with the Comal County DA's office.
nr Operation Family Secrets: How a mobster's son and the FBI brought down Chicago's murderous crime family
Dude my mom beat the shit outta me yesterday cuz I didn't sweep right myarmhurts lol
I really don't want OKC to win, but I don't want the Lakers to win more
You got the production and the distribution down but what are you doing to rise above the sea of mediocrity.
Supporting InquiryBased Instruction Through Mobile Learning by Gerald Gannod  Kristen Bachman is one of 60 sessions at
BestTimeToSmokeWeed breezy Summer night, windows down, beats blasting
I hope she comes on..
i have to go get my hair cut..
i been looking tragic for way to long..
I'm amazing at Monopoly!
One of my all time favorites!
didnt see the sticky  i think it says its deleted now
Weight loss is great for health and beauty in an age where physicall fitness is so important!
To all underclassmen cherish EVERY moment you have left of high school cause when your here this time in a few years your gonna wish you did
unless she's a really good actress, the only way you'll be winning is if that's not the first or second time that's happened
thanks ill definitely try more!
got any song request?
SOMEDAY you will follow me...
I'm a belieber and your my boyfriend so...
believe that I love you:::
I accidentally made too much quinoa and I'm running out of leftover ideas.
struggling to keep a positive attitude in life right now
I just heard HR3606 just passed the House of representatives, this time 380 votes for  41 against.
Now its off to the President to
Sacramento Process Server, efficient, reliable,  friendly 9165090677 to serve your small claims, bank levy, summons,  divorce documents.
I'm stupid!
Lol I just remembered that I had tooth brushes from when they give me at the dentist!
I'll just use one of those for now.....
x
Woke up with my American flag bandana still on my head
Send some more followers my way.
The more the merrier.
Happy birthday!
Tv: silly rabbit, trix are for kids!
my mom: and whores too, cause they turn tricks....
whatsup with them video thangs...
saw your distress signal beaming in the sky...
here to the rescue
There's this one kid that just creeps the shit out of me at school...
every where I turn he's there anywhere I walk he's there its like WTF
MT : Why aren't we just having Democrats  Republicans each pay for 1/2 the student loan bill the other party won't object to?
thanks for visiting and sharing our website!
:

No way.
You're all going down.
The Big Show still sucks
.....I am greatful for all that i have, i worked hard for it...LOVE,SUPPORT,and money to buy food and shelter.......
And I'll let you know when I've got OGY confirmation.
It'll be a blast to get to do it in CLE.
Acting/Brilliant
talk about survival of the fittest!
lol we'll work that out you got my number
Minister Pandor: SA cannot attract tech industry if we don't lay foundations for our own people w/in our schools.
My writer's block tends to flare up when I work from home.
It's one reason why I fear freelancing.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Major cutting, that is.
...teehee...
I KNOW they are...
I was just being COY.
; The Divas will ROCK IT!
Hey, interested in your fork of the apnsender gem.
Shoot me a DM if you get a chance.
Thanks!
Twitter seems so dead tonight
Yes You Can
Infographic made by me.
Sorry for confusion  attributing for inspiration on edu uses.
we are so sophisticated!
grandma must play catch phrase again, i hope to cant wait for her air force one impression one more time
Wouldn't it depend on whether actual skewers were used?
I would be too man
RT : it's the only way to go.
Can't beat the knowledge of a real life travel agent who's there for you 247.
oh my gosh yes ugh !
Got good stuff to do :
thinks she is cool because she has a blackberry now!
Hahaha
wish you were there!
Thanks for the postcard 3 !
Miss you!
When are you back?
ff onlyonedayoff have a great weekend!
Visited the place where I grew up today.
The place where The Trouble with Half a Moon was placed into my heart.
Video to come!
Events, social media, classes, food pairings....
Okay, but is there any new marketing strategies in craft beer?
Hope to talk with some of you at the
The news I just heard was ridiculous and infuriating
working now, shelving and sorting is definitely a nice temporary alternative to helping patrons...very rudimentary :
Even though, I've personally fallen off daily Tweeting trainreally looking forward to seeing peeps at MKEtweetup!
Going to the 7th and the Phils are hanging on to a 53 lead.
I just scanned the picture and BAM!
There he was!
Turban and all.
HEY, follow
beautiful juicing day on lake michigan!
He calls you those, nbut its none of my business
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
A poker tournament bro.
None of these fools knew how to play.
I credit my win to the games in Rex's basement growing up.
lmao
I don't care how you do it.
Just show me that you care.
Let me know if you need to bounce any ideas off of me.
I'd be happy to chat.
What are some of your favorite classical pieces to listen to on a bright and sunny spring day?
What a great day in the GLEEfulweek in May

When an Aquarius wants you, feel lucky because their love is intense and real
Learning about copyright via webinar with
you could doctorve her all week
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting
Skipped out on the last band to try and miss the 2am mugging rush.
What videos are you guys watching?
We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
I'm working on a list of the Top 25 Cardinals of alltime.
Any nonobvious players who deserve consideration?
I'm sure it will at least look cool.
: Fond memories of my early years flooding back Madonna Me too!
refocus on Pluckhahn's paper  ethnographical skills need to be more focused in order to fully use these tools
It is perfect.
We're sitting in a bar near the trolley station trying to not let the beer go bad.
:
Tips from Food and Wine magazine on how to make a great meatball.
Maybe I'll share some of my secrets later this week :...
Southern CA school librarians: ALA or ISTE?
That wont be the last!
I plan to bring my team in for the experience!
RT : We love a happy chef in the fields!
I though u always be mine ..
Mine :/
RT : Libra is a go getter, independent and always fair.
That's me!!!
:
I hate seeing all this on here
Cyber Monday fashion deals and steals In the wonderful world of retail, sales promoted via emails are prevalant, especially with the rise
My Fone About To Die :
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball.
I'll tell you what I do.
I stare out the window and wait for spring.
R.
Hornsby
Dudes with yellow mohawks should at least be good.
she won't ...
I promise you she won't, she will forever regret say that because I won't let her near my kids is she keeps up
Hard for them to hide their disdain, but shouldn't justices be practiced at at least APPEARING to be impartial?
Send notices as selfmailers and save the envelope cost.
It adds up for larger class actions.
wow the We Are Marshall soundtrack is awesome
yeah ik lol zap is in my room or zap would tweet me happy birthday :
Happy New Year Friends!
Excited for all the great things ahead...
Can't wait for your new cd  welcoming baby girl 3 :
In all regular season games played in January, the Ravens are No.
2 alltime in both rushing offense and run defense
Tonight Y'all!
Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th  8.30pm
Finally hopping on the twitter bandwagon.
where you at
It's my birthday today.
Apparently it's also Charles Dickens'.
Grove's Tasting Room is open today from 125pm.
Stop in for Free Mulled Wine, Tasting, Glasses, and Last Minute Gifts.
Happy Holidays!!!
I hate amateur night!
Going on now.
Genealogy  Generations Exhibit at Newark School of the Arts!
suddenly feel like eating chocolate cake.
We count over 20 in the round performances going on, starting at 2pm upstairs in the top floors!
Come see some awesome folkies!
www.gemcuisine.com !!
Your Gourmet Alternative To The Boring Corporate Lunch
what time?:o
Next up...try to figure out PostGIS.
Dov has the mic  is speaking abt parent organizing.
..you keep posting great info, I'll keep retweetin'...lol
Trying to figure out how much I really need to stay for the rest of the show.
Love Erykah Badu and all but after BDK  Rick I'm kinda good.
I will be on at about 45 p.m.
EST
Four day weekend starts NOW.
here I come ready or not!
RDJ's shoes are great.
I would love a Mark Ruffalo Hulk movie...
but preferably with Joss Whedon as Writer/Director :
Yeah, it doesn't seem very well thought out in that respect.
The two LEDs stay on too so it's clear that it's on.
Thank YOU!
The new GaLuWi web site www.GaLuWi.com had 877 hits in two weeks.
All over the USA, Canada, Ireland  Puerto Rico.
Thank you!!!
Prepare for  to destroy RBNY on the 23d at RBA.
Watching my babe fall asleep and talking to himself is pretty cute lol
follow BBTFactory's CEO Dana Randall
renaming?
that sounds like a terrible idea
I survived!!
Got ice on me and taking some meds....
Thanks for asking!!
I am way more excited for Cars 2 than either of my childoctorn.
I'll probably use a borax one, as I'll have to get some to make laundoctor detergent, anyway.
awh that's great!
it's still 21:20 here.
good morning.
x
Quote of the night: Is that guy doctorssed up like Edward Cullen or is he just a douchebag?
Affinity is powerful force in building trust.
Start with those you share a common bond because we trust those who remind us of ourselves.
Good Morning, New England....
littleknownfact Google does not look at the keywords meta tag in it's current algorithm
I passed the English section with a flat 200  failed the math by 4 points..
your so close oh my god
Jersey shore gave it away.
Now they all know we've been makin fun of them
Art/graff show/sale mania!
5th and marth go now hurry.
Having a not so great day.
I did!
Grandma and grandpa!!
Just got word that the Cabo Wabo girls will be at the Inn this Thursday from 810pm...details to follow.
Stop by the Greenfield Wisconsin Athletic Club for Dog Day Bash to benefit 57PM tonight; fun and games for you and your dog!
Oh oH Oh It's Magic.!
You Know.
Never Believe It's Not Soo.!
Steven's account operates in stealth mode.
He can never be found.
Awesome Weekend!
Time to step out of the wardoctorbe and rejoin the rest of the world!
What a ride!
Cover yo' plants, people.
RT : Freeze Warning early Tuesday Morning.
32 ovrngt for Omaha, some areas colder.
NEW SHOW DATE: Wednesday, September 15th at the Comedy Central Stage in LA!
Mark your calendars!
Where can runners complain to regarding treatment of a runner by Seattle police?
Donors felt international monetary donations were more susceptible to corruption and misuse
Yeah thats the mark my body made :   Spent all morning in xray, lost feeling in part of my right hand  happened on water st
Willis: examples of avantgarde, feminist works with strong textual play and/or material practices like scratching into film
Thanks for the fridayreads shout out!
Excuse my mistake: shouldn't, not should.
forgot to eat the cookies last night and my youngest sister thinks santa hates her...
Oh there very well could be.
Might as well be invisible.
This damn phone wont let me download any songs.
Some people are so easily manipulated
theres nothing better than spending time with your friends:
sweet one man!
count me in!
oh damn.
Let me know what we are doing so I can pack more if needed
FavoriteClothingBrand L.A.M.B.
that sucks, well, there's next year.
I'll be sure to point out all the major fests on my twitter.
Where are you based?
Taking 791 Music Cataloging this summer.
Three days in, it's still interesting.
new iPhone and an otter box case for only 35 ; tell me that wouldn't make your day!
Lol
Watching TropicThunder too funny.
Warhammer 40K APOC tomorrow at Other WOrlds!
Doors open at 11am.
teams start assembling right away.
we're so glad for all of our 2010 graduates today  can't wait for Peabody's commencement tonight!
SupportTheBay Vote for RETRO on
Interested in midocean ridges?
Hydoctorthermal vents?
Follow
Just had a chance to sharpen up my presentation skills in my Promo/Publicity class.
Priceless.
There is an outlet in the back available.
Open mic tonight!
Hosted by Jeordie, 9pm.
Open to everyone.
Hey, don't look at me.
If you don't listen to North Korea, I don't know what you're doing with your life.
It doesn't help that I don't use my name but this is more of a personal not professorssional thing
That is so true.
Thank you I needed that this morning.
Shaun can you get on facebook chat if you aren't busy please I need to talk :/
Could be typo in date; au's stopped working on ms for years; or publisher inexcusably slow.
Any inside info?
Blasphemy!
We're out on the east side if you want to join us.
if i could only press rewind just so i coulda done things a little differently.
I feel as if that is untrue.
I REALLY need to stop playing the game how high can I lift my arm before it hurts.
Probably counterproductive to healing.
oh I've been there, still let me down; too much makeup and too many Blondes.
satchel didn't need a relief pitcher.
But you dummies think a nigga talkin out the side of his neck!
Aint nothin and I mean NOTHIN you youngins have done that I havent
loves www.makeuseof.com!
heard the news!!!
congrats!!!
H.R.
358, an extreme measure that endangers women's lives is scheduled for a vote any minute.
Call your representative now!
lovvvvvveeeeee you!!!!!
did you see the pic of the new tatts yet??
xoxo
know what's strange?
I'Ve always been a classic Gemini.
The older I get, I'm 'becoming' a Taurus.
Bday is close to each.
Tip 99: Since this is Tip 99 I will give a shout out to Wayne Gretsky.
You miss 100 of the shots that you do not take.
hey the family is having a social in Chicago on the 23rd of June
Love Labor Day Weekend...time to heal and time to enjoy!
join our twitter family!!!
idc that Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter, i find her annoying for some reason.
I look at 4/20 like a girl looks at Valentines day...
Dont just show your love once a year...
Show it every damn day!!!
can we star next years season tmister with real players?
The JD PR Team just secured a front cover feature placement story for a client.
Way to go team!!!
Congratulations Kristen!
Didn't we already say thanks when Wake retired  then later when he threw out the first ball of home opener?
Studio time and lots of time alone but crowded with ideas surrounded by color
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Shoutout to for the awesome review!
Glad you enjoyed our Yummies!
CalipariSecrets is the father of Jax Teller's childoctorn
still waiting on my CDs!
are you just not that into me?
Luv to get together and chat about this sometime...
My one word: optimistic.
omg hi bo i miss you way more thanks so much i love you and yes im texting you right now !!
:
I had classes increase in size, then what?
Some girls
food was awesome..
aww yay!!
this just made me so excited.
it looks like this semester ill be taking out loans to pay for my stuff.
so not cool /
I wish I was there with you: your my inspiration Justin!: I'm so excited for believe : its going to be amazing just like u
ok.
my friend Raven is 16 and i'm 15 and we're starting a band : and i already have and love NB!!
:D
Ppl don't really kno others struggle...
RT After watching him slurp down a badger brain, the SJ/Van game cannot get here soon enough.
Ugh!
Making cornbread.

I almost didn't see this....
Team Irv is on a roll!
Got great people working on doctorving safety issues in Florida...Let Team Irv Serve!
That's what made it.
Smarty Jones, Big Brown made it exciting, Visa magnified it.
A new sponsor should take it over.
work work work !!!
I might be placing an order for the local wine store to deliver...
howamIoutofwine?
I'll do that!
Thanks bro.
I'm just gonna take it easy today  see how I feel in the morning.
I'm disgusted with myself.
InTheSummer i'm going to workout with my mom :
MADISON, WI Existing home sales were up significantly in March, home sales growing 25 percent over the levels of March 2011,
Words and ideas can change the world.
Someone take me to the casino
The Dodgers speed gun is supposed to be pretty accurate  Thanks for the heads up Vin
Wonderful will be great to see those museums in Korea!
If you're going to be twofaced at least make one of them pretty
The Real Talk discussion with mover and shaker, Beverly Thomas is starting now at GWUL!

and to think we educated you on twitter!!
.
paying 600 for a truck that a/c doesnt work.
fuckthatshit.
trading it in this week!.
Oh yeah.
That sucks and lots of people are mad
Im prob the worst boyfriend ever...
Now they're getting to the heart of it on : district gerrymandering and partisan polarization
M....first time at wow...very yummy plus sing along to Tiny Dancer equals coming back here again!
Nervous as hell for the packers game tomorrow ..
Just saw a guy nail a half court shot for 10,000 at the game
I'm going to hide...
just so that will happen.
A bit quiet here at El Cento HQ.
Some things and shows are percolating.
And some writing.
But most importantly the coffee is percolating.
you whore.
That's mean.
Yo where is the story about 's fav comic book movie ?
Inquiring minds gotta know
...shhh...now, now, , its okay.
im here to PROTECT you...
Hate when my iPhone autocorrects shits to shots...must be an alcoholic SMH
Sport Fishing in Hawaii
ouch.
I think I could do about 1 box.
Time to go for a walk around the neighborhood.
Inspiration.
I haz it.
Gonna play baseball with the bro.
It's too nice outside to be sitting inside.
New Twitter Homepage for !
Have a look!
so its a win win funny and it has marky mark we r so goin
lol all he talks abt is jb, his twitter account used to be a jb fan account..
Give jb stuff a break I agree wif my bro
Off all week....what to do, what to do!?
Pizza quest continues.
Hot pepper, sausage and onion slices today at Neno's on 5th street by George Field.
Nice.
Yea should fire her manager he not doing his job!
He go to go!
You don't need him!!!!!
I hustle!
Thank U, Julie!
PrayersNeeded.
: Praying4 U  Urs too.
Praise God 4 U, my PrayerWarriorPartner!
Hugs :
Playing your game and wining your championship is no easy task and Monday mornings have a way of forcing us to do the proverbial
All the guys that gave other guys titty twisters in high school are now addicted to a scummy doctorg.
LMAO yurp.
Firimbi ilikuwa boss.
You had headphones on so you couldn't hear it.
unfortunately I have left the parking lot.
Data collection will have to resume next trip.
i love my boyfriend with all my heart 3
Fear ends where faith begins.
the human mind is the foremost example of weapons of mass destruction.
just look around you at what we have already created and destroyed.
Sat Jan 23 7:30 pm OPERATION COMEDY.
Tickets online or at box office.
Featuring Todd Yohn  Don Stuck on X103 hosted by John Stites
its empty :/
going to wear a romper tomorrow because rompers are comfortable.
Peoplelikeus don't wait for the ship to come in; we swim out to meet it
I hope Kayla and Ronnie have a good time spending Valentine's Day in the McKinley Mall food court
I'm gonna take this guy
This is question time, not meandering story time.
holy jesus there is a question under this whole thing
I hope you feel better soon and rest well!
:hugs:
But using it, at any level, does.
Emma Stone, will you be my friend?
From the window to the wall www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
No tickets, just a guest list.
As long as all guest are 18, dad doesn't need to come!
for q's!
I swear my ex is a straight BUG a BOO !
Damn girl wanna blow me up every 5secs
Im not spending Mother's Day with my mother because I went to 's graduation.
My mom isn't mad because she loves Jenn!
heiwbdudiiwir funny Lmfao..
but thanks.
: I like your team...
Like everyone on it 3
RT : lolla Friday is sold out!
Travel Packages, VIP Passes and Sunday Tickets are now the only ways to get into Grant Park!...
We've gone to oriental so often that when we walk in they say 5 at your usual table?
sounds like a great show.
Good people experience the toughest struggle..
Every time that Angels commercial comes on I wanna shoot the tv.
Good morning twitter!
Anchorage biketweeps: what's the situation with Chester Creek Trail?
Specifically, between UAA and Valley of the Moon?
having a puppy is like having a kid i swear
Baseball fans!!
Are you ready?
New Stadium, new eraBe prepared for the first crack of the bat at Park tonight!!
LOVE project management cloud tool Wrike, esp their customer service teamthanks for such a quick response!
I REGRET GETTING A TRIM.
Ugh
thank you!!
young nation rack city
well I have no clue why!
You're stunning!
Or they go to Georgia State where tuition is handled by some random due who live in Atlanta...
Why is the training room always so frickin cold!
The catch is fascinating.
Google found a way to gain top down leverage on a distributive trend that they know is the future.
Yogurt is great for breakfast.
Add green apples, cranberries, granola, raisins, cinnamon or almonds.
Be creative!
It's easy and healthy!
2morrow is my birthday and I'd like to go somewhere nice to eat mama, where should I go?
hey  just saw your linked in post  are you at mcbootcamp today?
you should be down here right now but no.
You HAD to go home and not come to galvy last night
good morning!
how's everybody doing?
Interested in attending our Game night for Texas Hold em' or Euchre?
Contact me for more details!
I cud skip tha hustle but its there for a chicago kidd like me but no more do I fall bak in place..
When you get a flat, first get the futile attempt out of the way: It was a one time thing, pump some air into it and it'll be fine
How come I can only follow 2,001 people but some people can follow 3,000 does anyone know?
I would love to follow more people :
what is it about catchers??
Martin, Posey, Cervelli, Arencibia
RipMatt you will live forever in every mahomies heart; we love you.
As I watch thewestwing obsessively, I wonder if Obama et al were taking notes?
Or was WW just THAT GOOD?
You invest in facebook ?
Top of the morning to ya
oh happy birthday :!!
that is so awesome!!!
Keep up the great work!
Amazing accomplishment!
Yay!
Pan Am looks terrific.
Even if it is a rip off of Mad Men, the fashions are sweet!
Good luck!
Holy sh Lauren is about to go do Ray Davies' hair at his hotel downtown!!!!!
It's the 17th.
Oh, Brian Brown challenged you to a BibleOff!
Will you please do this?
Pretty please?
Yay.
Some Portland zine librarians just stopped by my table.
the only way for me to be jealous of anyone right now is if they're sleeping because I want to so badly :
lol!!!!!
I hope this won't be used as evidence in court or we're pretty fucked.
what is that?
great game last nite Mat!
MT : that time of the yr that I wish I wrote in syllabus I'll give u any grade I please./ Here, here
hello to all 30 of you that are following us hahah :D
hope your day is amazing!
I love mahomies 
Met w/ P Adamczyk on his Pipes project to aggregate MORE LINKED DATA THAN YOU EVER doctorAMED OF!
Play: is.gd/uo3Z Comment: is.gd/uo2D.
Wow.
....not feeling it.!
Haven't cried myself 2 sleep in awhile.
Watching the story of Marlie and her new face.
Marlie, God Bless you sweethheart.
What a strong kid.
hello love :!
To Write Love On Her Arms
That looks great!
Thanks.
CURTIS HOME RUN!!!!!
Yankees up 64
Second Preview of Precious Little at City Theatre.
Huzzah!
not sure if anyone there knows who we are though.
: Jermaine Paul is 1 worldwide trending topic!
great job
I.
THINK.
I.
JUST.
DIED.
OO
Just got off the phone with Patel Brothers.
I'm trying not to get my hopes up, but they claim they have Indian mangos!
Running out to check!
Carrie Underwood: nervous I will forget the words to the national anthem
Do not bring a guy to a boil, and then it can evaporate!
Dallas is losing
Tomorrow's hike is still on!
ya, he announced it today.
One of my favorite Mariners.
Hello Ellen..your so lucky you have her..mine is with the stars with me in my heart..love who you are::
No worries, it's the price we pay for fame.
Wait...
I'm not famous!
Crud!
LOL
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydoctorgin.
Oxygin is pure gin.
Hydoctorgin is gin and water..
Be doin these dishes
Okapis are the best animal on the planet
I've been trying to introduce good music to m little bother zane.
I think its working considering he asks to listen to my fav song Home :
absolutely amazing!!!!
That is in fact a gem!
Where is this going to end up..
aww I missed U so much dapitbull hehe : follow me please
Celebrate women's history month!
Must read inspiration by
Everytime my phone vibrates im hoping its him..
Really missing him
Is continuing to learn about generators today...and likes it.
Prepper?
Not yet...
yes!
i can finally be productive lol
It feels so good to finish another amazing project!
Going live in the morning.
Had another great sellout today!
Gracias to the wonderful crew at Elliott  Associates for the tamale love.
See you again soon!
I MISS YOU TOO:
Welcome to Twitter!!
My BestFriend is beautiful :
ILoveMyMomBecause she always puts up with my crap and doesn't bitch me out like everybody else.
i miss you 24/7 and 365 days of the year
I sent Q a message yesterday.
No sure he got it.
I got no response.
Rod
Hartmut's Face Does Dallas
I think you forgot about Bryant big country Reeves, no?
Saw the Three Musketeers and was surprised at how completely 100 historically accurate it was.
Remember the great air ship battle of 1844?
amen kim
coo, just was curious.
did you ever think James Earl Jones looks like John Kuntsman?
Charlotte Atlanta darlington are the tracks I'm used too !!
lol!!!...that damn wall!
i got that kinda lovin that'll keep you off the streets!!
make ya homies say LALA got him on a leash!
I wouldn't watch NBA with your eyes either but was glad see the story through them.
last picked
No shame in watching the Chronicles of Narnia on Syfy.
Lowkey you my trill bitch
whale's penis?
O:
they should be facing crim charges
It was a pleasure.
Always glad to help.
Hope the camp is a huge success now  for years to come.
you are the man .
We leave the 13th.
oh and eating healthy of course.
My diet is shocking.
Target: lovely clothes, shame about their 'no fatties' policy.
:
Ion know that dude cant beat me with my eyes closed award or not still best in the city isaidthat RT WTF WAS THAT
MAC MILLER.
and the wonder years too right?
omfg.
;; why must I live across the country.
oh i love the sock and the CTS
Haven't been on twitter for a while!
Lol what's up people :D
why don't u guys do a world tour so I can see u or I better just go to Vegas
Trust me...
Humping pillows isn't the answer...
Sunday browniepoints: 3 hrs spent updating mominlaw's computer/phone, all to DL some free ringtones she wanted.
;D
Ty for the follow doll!
On a follow limit!
Have a fabulous evening!
xox
I look like poop but I guess I'm gonna go walk around downtown with my boyfriend.
Rain in the forecast.
Be sure your wiper blades work.
At Express Lube, we carry a variety of wiper blades to fit your vehicle.
When anyone tells me I can't do anything...
I'm just not listening any more.
Florence Griffith Joyner
every NON laker fans ALWAYS hate on thm.
but why!?
Cute Canadian model who followed me on Pintrest?
Likes boys.
I knew it was too good to be true.
Haha.
ObamaInHistory always a failure
you got the dicers?
you can wipe those and program then to do what ever.
aw I love you 
Get ready, DC.
We pouring at tonight.
Trim 200 calories from your diet after following a weightloss plan for 6 months.The daily calories have to complement your new body weight!
Michael Sandel that's like asking if its better for ONE to be given death penalty vs.
FIVE?
Answerspare all!
I'm shaking!
Did you know that one out of every 3 Not Like This members is naked at any given time?
What a great wake up with puppy kisses, phone calls for gigs, and a callback.
Looking for grassroots action?
Come to the 99 action in Madison Madison Humanities bldg.
Still room  free.
THAT'D BE FREAKING HILARIOUS!
Well at least he said that about toolman and not Chris!
RT oh and John says Toolman's a putz!
Amusing artlessness
Why isnt anyone replying my tweets?
I need help
coding experiences as childoctorn.
scratch infrastructure of community
Reply 2 that's the way 2 do it.
When I run by Robin Williams' house in the Presidio I like to play Where in the house is Robin?
I concur.
tkcrepublicans Long time CR transfering into King's and looking forward to joining your organization!
DM me info on howto!
Can you give us feedback in how well Ohio does a fish fry?
let's go
aren't they called like Chonga ?
aced all my tests, led off my game with a home run, blts for dinner
Come on Jets, you can do this..
NFL Football WhatTheD?
Hey WMATA, could my blue line ride go ANY FREAKIN SLOWER???
ME!!
RT : So who else is looking forward to beerclub field trip today??
I'm starting something that could turn out for something interesting..if that makes any sense.
hey Portland model for you : working on portfolio :
what about?
Up Next?
Maple bacon bar brat.
there are some things I'll never understand.
This weather is really nice and relaxing.Hoodie season wooohoo.
Inchoate offenses are those that are not yet completed.
They consist of an action or conduct that is a step toward another offense.
Good talk by on ResourceSync.
I hadn't heard of sim hashes Good stuff.
Hard prob.
Kentucky derby time!
The gig tomorrow night at The Muse was cancelled, we are playing there on Friday, May 6th with Dungeon Promotions!
i cant tell you how proud i am of you and the boys!!!
i re posted that on my fb haha had to show my friends!
absolutely pitiful home loss to a pitiful blazers team, cant breathe
fine 3 love
Feel good.
Always.
Hope she feels better though
Thanks for the follow!
Have a great day!
What a great breakfast feast!
If there is one thing we do well at work, it's food.
We are aware of an issue with our URL shortener.
We are working to get this corrected ASAP!
Good answer RT : homie those type of questions are for fighters not fans
Thanks for the info!
Can't believed I missed that.
You rock.
Thanks again.
Thank you!
Sometimes I think dating is super fun.
Other times I ask myself why I do this to myself.
It can be so annoying.
I've had two major allergy attacks since enterinng this room and I'm bracing for the third.
This room hasn't been cleaned since 1978.
hemingways Oh my gosh what a awesome night Brit tunes flowing!
3
Speakers, Sponsors, Attendees, please email me the links to your reviews about !
Cheers :D
yep  good stuff that AWS is.
When you say hi to me everyday.
I brag to my friends Nd say oh my gawshhh he said hi to me ah3
listening to landing feet first by Bayside.
I forgot how much I love this song
Listening to Let's get it started!
Happy Monday!!!
Black Eye Peas!!
rock
Why am I stting next to a cuddling couple.
I feel like the damn 3rd wheel.
And i was here first!
..
EverydayIThinkAbout this time when I watched an amateur porn and I thought I seen my ex girlfriend getting two wayed,pretty cool 
cofounder in NJ spks abt 20kdialogues which engaged in earlier this yr w/
My brains telling me I'm hungry but my stomach is saying I'm not conflicted iwantfruitandcoolwhip idonthavecoolwhip 
Was going to enjoy my lunch break outside but I find myself dodging pigeons that keep flying back  forth.
Off to bootcamp class at !
Hope I survive!
If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.
Robert Eliot
GirlsWithNoAss i have no words for :x
I would hate to be the head hunter that has to find Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak a new job...
so what r ur skills?
dictating?
I see myself as sexy.
If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing.
Aaliyah
AA  KK finally a hand holds.
Guy limped pre with KK.
Flatted my raise.
Then shoved JT4 flop.
Photography Colleges
Last minute predictions?
I say Bosh to Heat.
Lebron, Johnson and Amare stay put.
Boozer to Bulls.
Shaq gets max from Knicks
If 30 members of your professorssion were assembled, would you fit in with them?
If not, consider why.
Is that your advantage or problem?
Caps fans would have been insufferable had they won.
Rangers fans at least know how to properly conduct a hockey rivalry.
NJDevils in 7.
You missed the part where Obama removes 2term limit on presidency and institutes lifetime appointment.
Who wants to txt me
San Jacinto/Navarro start time has been moved to 5pm.
Blinn/Galveston will follow.
Just 2 games today
can u teach me some bball skills bro ?
Lead generation made easy.
magnalogix Web based dialer, and leads.
Contact us 866.460.6611
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
Happy birthday, Have a good one man!
Heinz History is having an event tomorrow about historic preservation.
A senator is coming, not a huge deal but I'm still nervous
We're going with.
oh sorry not 16 but 17 y.o
Can't sleep.
Reading Updike.
only if u give me a back rub back...
I have never gotten so many balloons in my life.
Thanks!
We like you!
RT like it:
no rat in the name...but I'm sure I've been called one on some occasion
IMO buss it to the party if you want meet me  my pad!
It's closer to my pad :p
Laughing is a good calorie burner.
3:303:45pm is our afternoon snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
im twatting you
I'm not understanding who we can and cannot call retarded.
HighBloodPressure Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Harmful Chemicals ?
Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Potentially Harmful Chemicals ?
Great interview today w/ Dan Taylor at about our show on 3.8.12 at in Santa Rosa.
I swear, nothing stops my mom from being annoying af.
you know I wear my boots everyday!
I'm paying for that Philly burger you served me, Bobby Flay.
And I'd do it again.
tell where x wat tyme we going bowling tomorrow x wat eva cheater, x I kicked Kivon ass
HEY there's a LOT of letters in the alphabet!
Honored to have speak at our banquet Saturday!
Thank you for great evening
Cheers to our friends across the pond and all the Anglophiles here in the States celebrating the RoyalWedding this morning!
Facebook Parenting: For the troubled teen.
Father Shoots Laptop: VIDEO RESPONSE!
bout to eat at a pancake house  ju?
time to play solid Basketball look for shots and make them.
Need this win.
Let's go Heat, let's go.
Share your files, photos and videos...
The Lucky One  AMAZING.
Got me in a lovey dovey mood 3 Lol if only it was realistic.
I feel you bruh but give them lames a middle finger wit ah mug
Lord please save me now.
Please?.
Wish I got to sleep in like other federal employees...
instead my meetings got switched to phone meetings.
Boo.
Have you ever had a really awesome adjunct professorssor?
What made them stand out?
On the F'n road again back to the dirty south we go!?
Balls to da wall!?
good : doctornks or smoke sometime this weekend?
I hope that's the ame of the band.
Because your brain on grizzly bears will kill you.
Just sayin...
Thanks for the support, Leonard!
I just rocked The Vote!
1 for retro goodness RT Attn DC vintage lovers: There's a popup this Saturday at on U st.
126pm.
WOAH?
Ashley?
hell yeah im backk!
Hiring a Business Analyst in Downtown MPLS, 10 month contract.
The things the hiring manager is looking for is: Strong BA that can do
Your so lucky!
So you wernt nervous?
At all?
Haha :
Thinking it might need to be a sushi delivery night.
have fun: where you dancing??
BDC?
SinceWeBeingHonest ...I lied...
our dog's is named Otis but we call him Bubbah, The Bub, Turd Burglar, Truffle Dog, Baby, and Stretch
hooray!
Headed to see the tumbleweed tree in downtown Chandler and then a visit to my fave !
I'm not a businessman...
I'M A BUSINESS...
MAN!!
Enjoying a visit from one of the Tulsa teammates!
Rahm's book tonight is love you forever that's the book gave me for graduation!
Aw
I'm the sexiest glasses!
Headed to Love is Love farms Young Guns dinner tonight.
Farm living, sort of.
Good fun, for sure.
The Beckham love fest never ends with Ian and Harkes.
GAG
So, for the first time in almost three weeks, I got a full 8 hours sleep.
Also, my sinuses are finally doctorining :D Thanks, ciprofessoroxacin!!!
if only could see the love me and have for her.
SOMETHINBOUTKREAY ThatShitKreay WeLoveYou 
How is that mobile app coming along?
We're ready.
Treating me very well!
I managed to escape a bad winter this year and landed a fulltime developer gig, so I'm lovin' it here!
Just as pieces stitched together in a quilt warm our bodies, scrapbooks bind together memories to warm our hearts.
Social media is the new
WAY WAY too many tweets.
It's not worth it to follow anymore.
Bummer.
I guess I'll follow again next winter
Congratulations to our great team for winning the Award Of Excellence in the annual Weed Man Conference in Orlando!
I only work sat nights now but next time you're please introduce yourself!
Thank you for your support  generosity!
Neither do I...Look to your right.
So are you!
Damnit Yvette, I just want to slap you in your skinny face!
I do have it!!
I'll tweet it to u after school
rock on!
FunFact Wondering what to do in Chicago?
Chicago is home to more than 200 theaters, nearly 200 art galleries, and over 7,300 restaurants
Just found out that is a fan of Turntable Lab out here in LA.
We can see why.
Excited to include them in the book.
Come eat some DIN DIN!!!
Mouthwatering INDIAN FOOD!!!
Need we say more?
omg i missed you guys 
If I could sing, was a girl and wasn't in Seattle I would be TOTALLY down
You're kind of a big deal.
ok maybe with a sophisticatted log structured fle oriented NAS head...
love it!: Business idea: über for pizza.
App let's you push a few buttons and an independent pizza provider brings you a pizza ASAP.
Countdown, missing 5.000 followers!
is coming close to reaching the 16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter!
RT
is my new twitter page!
Check it out and follow it I will be letting you all know where we will be hosting parties at!!!
My babe asked me what made me chose him.
I told him he takes care of me : mentally emotionally spiritually and sexually.
that too haha
it's almost as good as Jon Brockman's!
So Walker doctorpping the bomb creates jobs how exactly?
He knew it was a bomb too.
Maybe they will come to the uk after the tour
So proud of my friend and colleague for being awarded the Golden Apple award!!
It is SO welldeserved!
I know: I just hope it dosnt turn out all doctorma like justin and selena.
hey, I don't disagree.
The urban/rural divide in this country is big!
Plus as a nonnative to this part of the world.
you know who deserves 800 followers?
does so help her out and pass this along :
You don't know me, you don't even care
oh yeah dm me tell me wassup
U rock mom
If you can feel it, you can speak it as would say....
and lately I feel like saying alot
Meh.
I'm going for a walk.
No point sticking around here waiting for everyone to get back from lunch.
no reason?....we have stupid class haha
yup..i gotm!!
Dear Strangers, Even Though I Dont Know You.
I wont judge you based on your apperance.
We should start talking to one another someday.
Thanks Matt.
45:55.
Was awful.
9:50 mile for the first.
12 for the second.
Two women in line at the bank both wearing stretchy pants.
Good for you.
I'm 22 yrs older than my hus so I'm interested in the subject.
We weren't raised to take but we were raised to give the shirt off our backs to anyone in need
where u moving?
Not away from the Bay I hope!?
I always suggest men should try  least one dance class and yoga  least 1ce!
Usually a mistake is done intentionally .
Helpful hint: Playing hard to get isn't a good idea if you're hard to want.
Looking at you Truffle Shuffle!
...
your usual clinical scope of practice.
Other option is have all participants sign arbitration agreements.
you make me happy :
How was Mina?
Wanna come bowling next time?
So, did you get your offer for your 1st checkin ?
say wha?
Wow congrats Lucy D!
RT : I'm excited for this track meet coming up this Saturday for some reason B
Congrats to the bulls is what I meant
Thanks for the follow Austin Daily!
:
miss you
Well good morning gorgeous lol
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm
I don't know why talks to manly hoesssssss
S/O to my new follower hahaha pull it out make it long!
she's awesome : besos
Cheating is easy.
Try to do something more challenging..
like being Faithful.
Rick's fired up.
The one morning the hounds next door are not released at 5am, and I get woken up at 6 by a damp toddler.
sigh Sunday, I was not ready.
nw Friends With Benefits ; 
Message me if u have any tips for me I wannabe a Goth I'm a Guy
I get high to balance out my lows  triple entendoctor dont even ask me how.
please follow me ;
nuthin munch my dog ran away but came back!so happy
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?
Can I get your number...
so I can call you maybe.
;
sounds like a summer plan..love knowing you are living a beautiful life of faith xo
Hey there, thanks for following.
:
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
anyone else enjoy kickin it ol'school with the Atari iPad app?
AAF Miami has improvements coming soon!
Stay tuned.
or should I say H8r
Note to self: Look at the training resources from this study
Someone eating Chicken w/ mild sauce..
Good luck to all the teams participating in the GFL preseason event tonight.
When it comes to staying young, a mindlift beats a facelift any day.
Marty Bucella
you must be with chris lol.
I wish would freakin come over..
But, he hates me.
Thank god for the sun pass lane or else it would be impossible to get out of miami...back to the tunes on a dark desert highway
Beta Iota misses Faith Scazzero, our Brother studying abroad in Ireland this semester.
:
take me with you tomorrow!!
Where are u now?
Well at least I'm not the only one.
:
It's less about the physical training, in the end, than it is about the mental preparation: boxing is a chess game.Jimmy Smits
Pounding this bacon and egg cheeseburger like it's my fucking calling from the gods!
We're closed Mondays, I'm afraid.
Akinade: copyright and access is part of problemthe big business of copyright.
Costs money to access this stufftoo much!
We don't reach Mathis on our 4G wireless network, but we do offer a Nationwide plan that will reach Mathis.
It's called 4GMobile.
Out to dinner with Bethan'  Emily.
:
Yes, and more tapping into our emotions and those of others along with our phones would be a good thing.

now i know, i've made mistakes, but theres forgiveness  a second chance.
so wait for me as i wait for you.
Getting some new eyes
; Jealous of this one and not the Toni Morrison one I tweeted earlier?
And we're off!
5 days250 pages digitized  Missouri Valley Special Collections.
Here's to 4,750 pages more!
you and that insomnia.
poor thing!
mine has gotten better since i've been working out lately but i know you're a runner
i bet!
ha
I'm more of a IgoshoppingwhenthereissomethingspecificIneed.
Dang , I should start callin you texter.
.
No grandpa I'm TWEETING, there's a difference
haha well good luck with that!
:p
He's mad b/c he's dumb af AND going to hell
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing: NaplesFt.
Myers 12:15pm, Palm Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm cont.
lol u will be in it tmister
i guess das where uu end up wen uu FINALLY put uur trust in someone .
That's fantastic!
I can always point you to the right person in the company, for sure.
We should trade contact info soon.
lol good one.
That's why I don't go to those any more.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Nah, I still think the Heat will win.
Indy's chances DID improve tho
Happy First Day of Winter!
yea can u follow me we both love MADISON
Our 1/2 price tickets to OPUS 1861: THE CIVIL WAR IN SYMPHONY will make it seem more like OPUS 930 AND A HALF.
The suburbs here remind me of Bexley.
So many treeeeeez.
Christian LOVES his Fans so much ya'll mean so much to him!
most favorite thing in the world right now: iTunes U.
Learning programming from Stanford professor.
I'm in iOS heaven!
Wtf !coach yelling at me for nuthin!.
Oh, the humidity and the traffic!
I should have taken one more day of vacation!
Jazz today, as always in the past, is a matter of thoughtful creation, not mere unaided instinct.
Duke Ellington
Just caught a moth in midair...
Awwhh A good ole Mt Dew should cheer her up!
Productive is so hard to tell.
Over what time line?
We're chipping at BIG stones here.
Other generations see the gains.
Yes.
As in Fugazi.
TV on The Radio played Fugazi's Waiting Room as part of their encore.
hell yea..mfckn throat is sore!
Whts wrong w/ you?
ICC2011 What could be better than Spanish wines, cheeses, olive oil and Serrano ham?
Not much, I'd say!
Happy Friday, shakin' my caboose all day.
Shakin' to the highway!
I wanna hunt ghosts with u.
Pick me up on your way.
hey is playing your song
RadioBedlam OpenMic in Beautiful Belltown every Tuesday night at 7pm Come one come all.
TWILIGHT ZONE Y'ALL!!
haha: just got back from my cousin's house..we jumped on the trampoline for a very long time!
glad to be back in FL:
Just past Road 27 on 505 on pur way to Redding.
Van is comfortable.
Rain stopped.
We actually got snow!!!
I was getting tired of making snow angels in the dirt yesterday, so today is going to be a much better day.
Im a big fan of the
and also a vegas bomb
what you guys up to?
Knocking off to eat, Kent.
Enjoyed the repartee'.
FDLP Mission: To provide for nofree ready and permanent public access to fed gov info now and for future gens.
Baish
I love progrock.
Know this.
DON'T LEAVE ME!!!
NEVER LEAVE ME!!!!!
He knw hw much I love him
Georgetown/GWU/American Fraternity/Sorority interested in becoming campusreps?
Subscriber referrals for free doctornks!
at least 1!
Whats your money on?
RT : 1 day left to PhorumPhilly.
Come check us out tomorrow
Time to clean all my gear.
Not my favorite part of adventure racing!
RT if you are redecorating, painting or other home improvement tasks this weekend!
Send us photos or w/ your DIY plans!
RT : saw the interrupters, moved by your effort  the endless love you  the brothers give to your community.love
O shyt weed may b legalized n atl.
All about money
Proud of you man....You didnt quit and stayed strong...People gonna see whats up come Jan.....
buy it, u won't be disappointed : haha
free doctornks at my opening too!
Just sayin' :
Time to play some Mario Strikers Charged w/ Craig.
Good times!
:
todayisfriday The day when it is completely acceptable to end up passed out in your front yard
I could pick you up if you want.
BMW 328i, 335, Lexus, Mercedes Benz C250, or Audi.
I didn't want to wake up today...
Any suggestions?
Gonna build my book trailer this weekend.
Flash or iMovie?
I don't have Final Cut.
come on in for a fresh strawberry lemonade.
We don't heart NY in this house, young man!
hang nails hurt
YUM!
Can we have some?
: : Chicken schnitzel sandwiches for dinner....
Love them!!!
Post office?
Are you sending me something?
I'll pray to God that you are.
Joey put some clothes on and call : please
Yeah I don't always see what the motivation is to share your comment!
Maybe sparks ingroup chat people don't post.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Happy Fourth of July!
It's a great day to celebrate America and our freedom!
The heart sees whats invisible to the eye.
Want to do some work....but..body...breaking..down....ah damn it
Bitches talk major JUNK, but it's crazy how they seem to miss half of the shots they throw.
Eeny meeny miny moe, I'm on my way to get groceries pronto.
Gotta decide which fresh veggies to tow, so I've got energy to do the tango!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories.
Total burned so far: 2236 calories!
on 4/18/12 at 2:03 PM
Be bold in what you stand for and cautious in what you fall for.
: Getting there!!
Couple more weeks...
great to meet you, thanks for hanging!
and all you guys do is play with sticks and balls, yeah you're totally better!
Lmao
Just watched Fargo for the first time.
Coentastic!
love that song so much lol!!
Packing and prepping for Philly!
I think if the Eagles put up anymore points, then the Cowboys may not have time to give it to Murray on the ground
Two thumbs up for The Rum Diary.
Two thumbs down for severe weather.
Stay safe, have a movie night.
latest episode?
Someone tell me what I missed?
you should try the Bloody Jack!
The bloody mix was made with Jack in mind
you deserved more!
Unstoppable!
I wanna retweet all of these...
thank YOU!!
Glad you dig it.
Oh GET UP Ballard.
You disgrace the 4 you wear when you act like that!
it's quite annoying I agree
reports New Maps Chart Hot Research and Scholarship's Hidden Terrain
One thing I've always wondered...What Does Sloth Meat Taste Like?...
Obese patients pay 2741 more per year in medical care costs much higher than previous estimates
So you guys , If I ask Zayn if I could kiss him on the cheek , do you think he'll say no ?
;o that'd be bogus a'f !
Good to know!
What do you find to be the most different?
Why both?
TeamHyperFocus now national, RT and let your people know!
We'll remote the entire social network for your promotion group or business!
www.supertonicstringquartet.com check it out!
Holding auditions for our short film FORGIVEN.
It's feeling like a Cleveland summer right now.
Tank top on watching the game life is chillin right now.
When Newt blasts elite media, I think of all the good reporters I know, working holidays, long hrs w/no OT, for less than 50K yr.
Strength and conditioning...
Gets a text..
.Grabs Phone.
.Reads Name.
..Lays phone back down without replying /
Look for revolution at Beer Heaven starting this weekend!
Wait actually it is Liam and Harry who are the cutest but the others are cute to
Do not trust anyone.
Especially your inner circle.
you popped up as a suggestion on twitter.
Watched a few of your videos your personality is cute.
You have more leadership potential.
By which I mean the judges seemed to like Michael better personally, not necessarily creatively.
Why is it that old men are always trying to talk to me
Oh I was at the game today.
RT : Shall I give away the ending?
hahahahaha
Quoting South Sudan minister on role of international community: Nothing about us without us Helder da Costa
Congrats to , userfocus speaker  supporter, on his new company!
Welcome
The world has a way of showing us Americans that we have too much unnecessary crapthe things that really matter we take for granted
Like melted plastic?
RT: : Is it me, or do all Keurig coffee flavors taste exactly the same?
cute twitcon doe
Future Islands
And a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you.
Let's do this one more time.
LMFAO that made me laugh so hard!!!!!!
I will!!
Ty Cobb.....You have any of his baseball cards???
RT : If you are not following my new bar you should!!
Opening soon.
Please RT
can u help me when you're done
Heading out for the night
Look, folks.
Mitt Romney will respond to the woman saying Obama committed treason once the polling and focus group data comes in.
ps i am really hoping he isn't on twitter
hey prince i luv u so much
Meeting up with TeamMARz tomorrow in Seattle.
Looking forward to it
ThatDepressingMoment when u like someone and u find out he doesnt like you
Happy Sunday!
:
Nice!
How's your season going so far?
nice to meet you!
Looking forward to hearing your thoughts
My dad said he was getting me a new phone!
And then they suck you back in with an amazing digital short.
Time for a midnight snack !
Wide awake .
Text ?
I'll shoot you the number .
Oh yes ;
Thank you so much!
Be careful if you look for castings on Craigslist.
But, there is money to be made there.
I promise.
thatmomentwhen your up so late and your eyes BURN.
eat some pho you'll feel better :
ah!
Does that exist?!
80's for the ladies
watching James Baldwin debate William Buckley Jr.
on the American doctoram is realized at the expense of the American Negro...
It's all about the football.
The rest is just for show
Tell it to them girl!!!!
Is the Arkansas QB for real?
Coach may want to rethink that one.
We have a new server ready  vpnds5 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C.
It's available in your customer area now.
COVER TUFF!
Ooh finally a campaign I'm interested in!
: TONIGHT: happy hour all night WED: the bentos live THURS:
: ...
but she recommended I wait til summer..
there's nothing like Chicago in the summer!
That's awesome!
We'd love to see pictures of your Teen Section!
Hope they enjoy the comfy lounge chairs!
:
I'm pullin an all nighter with , everybody be nice and tweet for everybody to follow mee:
swear to God just saw an exact replica of Carlos at school.
yes Carlos from btr.
LOL
VISIT ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, CHEAPEST FORMS SITE ON WEB, PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS, SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
SOTU I am so ready for this.
better listen well.
CONGRATULATIONS AA Board Member Dave Koz on your GRAMMY nomination for Hello Tomorrow in the Best Pop Instrumental Album category!
People may knock some of their facilities, but Hinkle Field House is the coolest gym I have ever been in without question.
Spring break, I am counting down the days until you come.
all this beignet talk is making me hungry
Have I told you I love you lately?
The way dancers can move their bodies is so beautiful
Nice stat!
RT Carpenter gave up 4 runs in Game 1 of NLDS  Phila v Holliday.
STL came back to win on road 54.
Maybe reverse script?
can one of u please tell who is spreading rumers about me.
i would appreciate it.
here's to the mahomies who became a fan of Austin before 2012.
ya that'll work.
I'll meet you at the trail entrance.
April is earth month come and join the events sponsored by veda through out the month of april, visit www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa
R.I.P.
Beastie Boy Adam Rauch, age 47 from cancer.
Wow, too young!!
The Beastie Boys were pioneers in the music industry and on MTV.
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan
They need a campus videographer.
PERIOD!
Well this was a very interesting night
for sure, and when I'm not tired and can jump higher than 2 1/2 inches..
Haha you probably think I'm pathetic.
All these people talking Bad about ,They aren't real Mahomies!!
yo wtf.
not gonna miss me?
Hey Austin!
Do you mind following me?
I love you handsome!
Git r dun RT : Can't sleep so mapping out all the projects NASCAR entertainment has lined up
don't see why not.
Most people just have a thing you mail back.
PR  modeling?
lol yes, I've been there too.
Hey, when duty calls, it calls.
Things you do for clients you love.
rearranged my bedoctorom to get my feng shui tight for the summer.
Nothing better than makeyourownwaffle day at work
Does Krod accepting basically eliminate the chance of signing Ramirez?
510 nl is about to get off here we go
I just caught the end of it, but used the dvr to freeze on you!It may have been for cw twincities or metromix!Eitherway cool
: Just be honest with me thats all that matters to me
Answer to pinkberry equation: everyone's order is wrong
On the way to the Fort to shoot a live broadcast of the Komets game tonight!
ok cool
See!this is what im talking bout!All good movies coming on tv today!..whohoooooooooo
Sounds like you did it right!
Methodists close to coming home
:happy b day
just saw this now haha
you can see them all on our upcoming 2012 calendar, The Accordionists of NOW Ensemble.
I'm bouta cook
ohh I'm in the hunt for good rose as well.
Blogging about it on my personal blog this month let's do it together
Ty Lawson is just unbelievably fast.
At least the UNM Lobos lost to a final four team.
Congrats Louisville.
I hate not being able to remember what happened.
4.
My creative self had become way more motivated.
It's only a matter of time ....
u know sometimes I wish that had Navigation 4 ur life, but I guess that's the beauty of it...not knowin where it'll lead
Thank you for watching it Lauren!
Hope it didn't scare you too badly : You have a great voice by the way!
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.
Phyllis Battome
welcome new followers!
Look forward to connecting!
RT : Great dining experiences are about living in the moment not documenting for archival use.
U miss the sensuality of it
sure thing!
How soon is soon?
Went to the south miami arts fest today!
I got 3 new pieces of jewlery!!!
Some of the best songs out there haven't even been recorded yet.
Another reason to attend live performances.
lol I know
then its time to give some clothes away as my father tells me.
Bomb shell much?
Hahahaha I love you:
I know, i took a nap once waiting.
Thanks 3 RT : Good luck to my booboo with her job this morning.
Go guuuuurl.
PickUpLine: Take off that doctorss and screw my brains out PLEASE
Please spin I'm Not A Gangsta by They're playing with The Bravery and Panic!
At the Disco on Sunday!
Stoked!
...
wait, so now pinterest has apps?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
hey Alfredo.
i want too be a video editor.
any advice.
I want too go too college for it too.
Its chilly in Miami this morning, this ain't right!
dude.
you rock.
thank u fur diggin the digs!
Hey bro, check out my teaser for my new film www.indiegog.com/afterthefall can you rt?
Followed Back !
:
Supporting the holistic health community and promoting pathways to wellness
Fancy choreography, Big Time Rush.
I got snapbacks n tattoos i bet that will make yo biych choose
I've kind of been playing doctorw Something nonstop ; do you have it?
Shall we meet tomorrow?
Julian Andoctornic from mentioned me and it will be great to meet...
They better wake up.
Glad you like it.
I am still using for work stuff.
Good times last night but this morning not so much
Dear Internet, I have just acquired Fables volume 16.
See you in a few hours.
Love, Sandoctor
Welcome  Thank u for following back :D
RT : It's not too late to join the conversation on scholarships campuschat with
Applications of Symmetry in Mathematics, Physics amp; Chemistry ...
feeling the adoctornaline rush and i aint even there yet!
;o
Aubrey got you bamboozled
Selish move by Rondo.
Who chest bumps a ref?
Com'on son!
Power is off at work..lol no air conditioning!!
Food is art, right?
doctornk  Flower: A winning combination
congrats...miniMando is here!
Gonna sleep in my Rockstar crop top.
Best buy from Rockstar so far Have to wake up by 6!!!!.
i know it's not your exclusive right to decide who receives what benefit.
doctor.
and regulators do.
thankfully.
Usher, 'SiriusXM Town Hall': Singer Will Meet Fans to Discuss 'Looking 4 Myself' Album
Five 3 and outs for LSU????????
Not looking good for
getting ready to walk down to the water and hop on the boat to victoria bc.
molson awaits.
o canada.
thatawkwardmoment when getting gas for 3.99 is a good thing.
FF ComicVine is an unbelievable resource!
yea I'd say at least 3540 stuck through to the after party.
Damn will this shit let up though??
got your email.
Thanks, Kima.
I'm going to dive into a lot deeper when I get home.
You raise some good points...
bio is Tuesday.
But that works.
Yes!
I love it AND it doctorves me crazy :.
Good  I can take the guy anywhere.
Bad  he always fills our social calendar!
Chevy Chase Ballroom is going PINK for October!!!!!!!!
Love How The Type Of Guy Who Isn't Afraid To Hang Out w / his fam !
:
Left side, why hath you forsaken me?
is this a blended course?
Can't believe May is over!
The summer is going to go by too fast
had a lot of fun building a SWE electronic circuit with my nephew  his interest in engineering is growing!
RIP Dick Clark
Got off my tush for 2 things yesterday: 1.
Carls jr.
2.
Astroburger.
Let's hope today serves more of a function.
it's not true that you guys are gonna be the brooke right?
I like Niall  the potatoes better!
YOLO is not excuse to be a slut.
Congrats to and for their grammy nomination on Lupe Fiasco's 'Show Goes On'!!!
SYMPHONY CRACK TAKEOVER!
One of my alltime favorite Classic Rock songs!!
Fuck yeah!
love idea!
after spending a day w/Rebellion Papers microfilm, I'm all about crowd sourced transcription
Our most fundamental needsfor love, understanding, encouragement, supportpermeate every cell.
No hair, no flair.
,I'm upset about all of this Louannah stuff too.
Trend WeLoveEleanor ...
:D
HA!
I know my BF has zero use for instruction booklets and would probably not even notice it!
lol we got like 6 kind of crandys over here lol how many lick till tha splash :
Happy Easter!
: Blessed 2See Another Day...
I don't normally answer ?s like this but...
There is no Roman numeral zero.
Weird huh?
what you got i need a lot so i can't let ya go
Could u say LKSV mission 3 passed??
Wow...
move it like a cyclone!
work'n on some new stuff!!!
mak'n it happ'nwatch out world!!
Brandon is on his way to the TOP!!!
I hate that woman she also uses 42 expired coupons.
Why do track meets have to last so long?
I'm Soo hungry I could an elephant
We hope that you're all enjoying Thanksgiving and able to spend time with your family and friends!
Don't forget to get some beauty rest!
Florida's First Source for Divorce Law Info www.thefloridadivorceblog.com
word my friend.
Tell me you two got on the Tennis ?
Peng breezed in 2 sets winning easy.
Thats one heck of a start :
Yoga, Pilates, strength training, done.
Funny how it gets easier and easier the more you stick with it.
The hour flies by.
why are you speaking when no one asked you?
ATL airport...no mans land.
Rocking out in the dirty dirty waiting for this jet.
Come on only 6 more people for me to get 100 followers help a brotha out people
Girlfriend by Matthew Sweet.
Aw, yeah.
I just successfully memorized every word to Like a Boss
You are loved.
RIP Miranda.
you will be missed dearly...
:
Oh, interesting!
I am going to be at seder full of labor historians tonight  will ask, also for advice on what to do.
Hambone has been playin balls off the wall like a CHAMP tonight!
Wow.
Its like he lives in Fenway with that gundown at 2nd.
I still want to come over and check out the studio!
Maybe I can get to have me over for a visit with you guys...
Our neighborhood community market starts today...it's so cute!
Go Petworth!
was just commenting on your percocet tweet : Ion Auth handled a full day of YouTube traffic for a Universal Studio website!
I never actually stayed up to watch tape delayed games.
Always fell asleep but remember well
that a beautiful car god bless it
i knew dominique ass was gon tweet me a number lol
absolutely unbelievable turn of momentum...playoff hockey is wild.
Right?!
Ah, so sad!
the guy gets more action on your wall than on the ice
Thanks for visiting Windows8STC  ImagineCup Germany in Berlin this week!
:
i think you should get a cat for teets
Yeah agreed she was nice but not as good as the others but i do believe that both of the others will get out there
When I was 2, I would walk into a McDonald's and speak to every person before I left.
Nothing has changed since 1992.
WHAT my phone been acting up sorry

....
How to put it back it myself now.
Big Bear doctor.
are good that way.
Showed me how last year...
So, you Homebrew?
yes is nasty he's on tweet deck
You're welcome.
I bought a package of lady bugs once, to eat our aphid infestation.
After I set them loose, they flew away.
RT : Looking for an early morning running buddy in Bloomington.
Beginners only.
Fatties welcome.
happy birthday bro
Gah.
I'm short a conclusion still and then need to edit down for time.
Also, PowerPoint.
Picked up some Capital Supper Club...less than two weeks left in Wisconsin.
Do they even have good beer in illinois?
Omg how gorg are you?!
Rebel just pops on our skin tones!
hey I am a massive fan of you and 1D.
It would make my day if you followed me back.
:
Agreed.
I couldn't watch Full House this morning as I got ready, which threw my day all sorts of off.
Taking my last final then sleeping
You can tell who the junior anchor us, because she's the one who has to hold the microphone in these tandem interviews.
Cute couples 
Nice defense BigBlue!

shut up Uggghhh
how are you
I dislike when people stand in the way of things that could be really fun and successful.
What a shame.
what's this what the hell?
Mets2012ThreeWordSlogans Casey Rolling Over
In the end it really does end like this .
But what can I say .
Lifes not always a fairytale .
Dietrich Bonhoeffer  paraphrased thought from The Cost of Discipleship: The disobedient cannot believe; only the obedient believe.
thanks for reaching out!
It's for 1 trip so bring a friend, is
Softball was Mad Funny Lmaooo
Girl, where'd you get that weave?
Discover PEACE in the still points all around.
wat did you here?
Samsung Galaxy S3 leaked photos roundup
make it official.
I have seen MANY fake Demi's on tumblr.
It's disgusting how some people have no lives.
speeding.
blasting del Rey on the highway
Home loving this weather!
3.15 for a club soda and lime?
How much would the Marriott charge for the lime alone?
I remember the first time I threw a baseball...
To test a theory of mine, I ran a bath.
And put the cat in it...
nothing.
She's chill.
Oh my god, what monster have I created??
Do you want to feature your pieces for this video doll?
Email me!
xox
Landed new job while volunteering Part luck, part great Boston network support, part creating serendipity cc
yep yep
nutting being lazy like always
It's been a while since I posted something here .
.
.
What should I say?
Watching the GOP Presidential Debate from the campaign office.
Thoughts on the candidates?
Have to root for SF instead of Giants...go Vernon Davis!
Hey Jonathan, thanks for the follow, hope all is well  the Raiders!
Just kidding couldn't even make it that much longer.
Night twitter
rde12 many thanks to , Ali, Mike, and Carlos for a great panel
I really hope all the guards stay as doctor as possible out in Dayton today.
does marriage mean childoctorn?
Cheers Ben!
:
So neighbor complains abt the 90 seconds twice a day my dog may bark but I have to listen to your baby scream all night?
: /
Friends, tonight 6:15 Let the practice love u up!
a great local nonprofessort helping our kids.
hm, could I get dismissed for tweeting that I have jury duty?
next week then...
Super happy to have internet and cable up and running at my new place in Vegas, let's rock on!
:
Love the hard work by monta and the sweet alleyoop to Jennings.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will make up your mind to do so.
For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind....
2012 is the year The Orphanz will be on the map...
Orphanz baby!
Fail to the victors
And if you lean a bit to far back in the chair, the cerebellum is also safe.
Helmets for office folk?
I vote yes.
Happy Mother's Day to that special woman that lets me claim her baby on my taxes
Omg had a great fucking night!!!
I was hanging with , , , and
Eat 56 meals a day with healthy food and high protein fruit shakes in between meals to get your metabolism working
agreed.
by definition news stories have to be sensational or provocative even at the expense of misinterpretations
follow I support positive people like this.
: Do the rolling stones have real hair?
There is a serious argument happening over this.
// Seriously though!
Anyone know?
Awesome!
I recently bought Vegan Is Love and some cloth napkins thru yours.
:
It's going great so far!
Things will get super intense starting next month.
You?
RT HEY!
How's tri training going?
Busiest antiques and collectors market today at Newark Market Place...for 2 years!!!:
I am so bored and tired.
Well talking to this really cute guy named Jeff!
lol I like him c: I just don't think we would happen...
Ope.
THERE'S A BAGPIPE GUY ON THE ROBERTO CLEMENTE BRIDGE OMFG
INSIDETHENBA is my favorite sports show period...
They have way to much fun...
Damn this chick fell on her booty lmao
Hey I heard you were a wild one, Oh, If I took you home It'd be a home run.
Show me how you'll do
This taco fye
lol should be chiming in any minute now
Haha yeah I know I saw that earlier...that's cool
ill get it to you monday
say hello to at Shelf Life!
She's a real sweetheart :
Cheer moms are crazy
Great lectures by ,
Twitter has turned me into a follower  not a leader
y u mad at me
oh i still cant...
Theyre still empty boxes hahah i can only see mine
I totally expect that this is what you're going to do with your time in Santa Fe
austin.
if i made you a video on youtube and sent you the link..
would you watch it?
if you would please follow me!
3 nbd 33
At this point in my life I need to just accept that ill never be happy.
He was busy trying to convert French men  women to a belief system that prohibits enjoying wine, coffee  cigarettes.
the problem is how they treat meat.Cows shouldn't eat cows.
It's that simple, yet they make you feel stupid for saying it
lol u probably should, I don't won't u telling me yo mama got in that ass lmao
There's the traditional consumer, the digital consumer  the connected consumer.
The last one is YOUR market says at
ironic Poole is transferring to play for a coach who has built a reputation for neither recognizing nor developing talent
Hope you guys got some good stuff!
thanks for choosing the giant
Why doesnt ever account for the fact that Lebron has brought about all the criticism of his game b/c of his personality.
Unknown Most people rust out due to lack of challenge.
Few people rust out due to overuse.
no way
Not true.
This is the first year I've won after 10 years as league commissioner.
Am I really no longer able to use Spotify after 48 hours?
Why am I waiting??
girslgames1 is converting like crazy....especially when you can get all 8 ads at once!
Resource size can also vary wildly.
Is it pragmatic to nest a 2kb resource?
Definitely!
A 500kb one?
Probably not.
I am well.
Thanks!
Have a great day.
I think I have a key to unlock it!
LOL All seriousness, you need to ease up on workouts  do good full stretches before u start
You dont take a hoe out for dinner
Welcome to EFG.
We are happy to be working with you!
I need more coffee .
.
.
grrrr.
stay away world!
ohso helpful!
thanks!
I understand.
They just put the whole show on Netflix so I'll probably end up watching it.
ALL HOCKEY FANS..JOIN US BEFORE  AFTER THE GAME...
BISTRO...JUST LOOK FOR THE BLUE LIGHTS!
Well, think the wifi would suffice for most people.
ATT 3G service really is pathetic in most places.
Least for me it is.
is so beautiful 3
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
Sounds like a jollygood time.
xDD
Feeling so inspired by these people
See a plastic bag flapping in a tree in Midtown?
Let us know and our Green Team will snatch it!
It was so great to see you tonight looking forward to staying connected
While I watch everyone cry about the Beach House party at Waterloo, I am silently ordering a Soulsavers LP SIGNED by Dave Gahan...
WOW....lots of work there.
Looking very good.
Once my dad and I ran over a bunny when I was 7.
When I looked back, I saw it flop over in the road :' it still haunts me!
Visit the Ford booth at the World Ag Expo next week!: Event: World AG Expo Date: February 810, 2011 Location: 4450 South Laspina Street,
ifonlyicould Turn back time and tell myself what I know now.
RT : This is a great day for Moroch.
Thrilled about our new partnership with McDonalds New York Metro coop.
More to come.
StillForeverAlone.
Happy New Year.
Hope 2012's a good one :
I hope you have a great birthday 333
HIPHOP STARTED OUT IN DA PARK
New merchandise in the store, means new merchandising!
another morning with
Reading abt art fair trend in art market as if it is game changer.
Real change wld be a grand fair hosted by artists, not their dealers.
Man I would hate having a vagina..
That didn't work at all.
Is thing on?
Hello weekend!
I think i would very much hanging out with Wiz Khalifa.
Minus the weed.
I love how people changed their twitter name to Vegemite, yet Niall hated Vegemite.
have post it notes all over my mirror to remind myself to pack all my stuff tomorrow morning
Comfort Inn  Suites Downtown Vancouver presented APEX award for best Remodel /renovation.
Thanks for the follow!!
still a to for Kobe
Thanks for the follow!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 45
JOIN US  New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening TODAY from 68:30pm!
Come check it out!
Sitting here listening to Michael Jackson, doing my work  In my happy place
Vin, class was AMAZING!
great teacher!
Good dancing!
Thank you so much.!
Very much appreciate it.
Thanks!
I say all the classes go on strike because the pep rally SUCKED.
I couldn't even get hype...
ight...cuz u know how crazy we can get lmao
:D y u reading my tweets about my gf doe?
j
John Hughes would read Mitt's bio and be all that's a little over the top.
Maybe don't call it Cranbrook?
No car elevator?
I'm tired of fighting, I want to be fought for.
I'm tired of caring, I want to be cared for.
I'm tired of being just me, I wanna be yours.
ALways looking for the next gadget Celebrate the Holiday Season with Snapilys Line of Customizable 3D and 2D Flip Animated Products NE
Saw The Bird, saw Denny Mclain win 30 and 31.
Bill Freehan thrown out in top of 1st for arguing a call of...
It would behoove school officials to think before they ignore a student's cry for help.
There's a restaurant in Beverly Hills called that.
Genius.
your album is amazing I love it to much!
My mom even asked me to give her a copy of it!
Love you !
RT 1 IN 14MILLION GURLS ...
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Bitch I juss woke up!!
I was bout to tell you about the damn shit but since you wanna talk shit ill keep it to myself.
have a blast!
Welcome to Kentucky!
You got to take a pic in it before Halloween!
lol
And....
You're right.
please stop blaming Obama 4 EVERYTHING....
Never argue with a women when she's tired, or rested.
I know that feeling.
Good question though.
lol that made my day.
frames logged is the worst.
And I do it too sometimes.
Who the hell says that in reality
This week marks 2 years as a consultant for WOW.
Time flies when you are having fun ;
LOL!
Y do u think his wife is sending out prayer chains?
He knows what he's up against.
Man why she over there lookin how she lookin
that's you !
love the shirt!
Are you making daily cash?
2 daily Invest what u want
Youre always there, youre everywhere but right I wish you were here
bad horse?
Please, all the other horses need shot.
WHO DO YOU SUPPORT?
for information NOT or
Scanjose.org should be storytelling rather than simply technology or even usability.
Could he be saying it is an art?
crazy lils is hiring a bouncer and yosh asked that you apply.
I'll report back tmister bout the funny midshow cop run in
My resume will be a reflection of my doctorams soon enough.
Ah, almost forgot its thursday.
The newest member of Andoctorgentics will be annouced
and the unfollowers begin :P
gosh I love you bowers
I agree but I would be disappointed if I was told HighRes Available for download and got a 2100 pixel jpeg.
Would others?
proud to know you.
I would have done the same.
HighBloodPressure Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low Fat Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low Fat
It's 5am where I am!
I'm guessing you're from England or something?
:p
I did  but got discouraged by the reg fee.
Scholarships you say....
Anjelica Huston saying Oh, wonderful means good things CAN come from bad.
To do list get .....a sword ...name it kindness...
kill people with kindness :
what?
Lambert won the UCL in a brilliant Dortmund team, was a marvel at Celtic and done wonders with Norwich.
TONIGHT...After Wednesdays After the Square...It's BrassAHolic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...9:30p...see you there!
Its easy 2get overwhelmed in 2days world, just remember nobody's better than u, n your not better than no 1 else, were all  in gods eye!
True!
pssh, Bojangles will see that and raise you allday chicken smell plus a side of earlyonset diabetes
Er...I mean YEAH!
We weren't going to apply, anyway!
Change like that would be awful!
Hardly a surprise!
think of the travel times!
Thanks for including our story!
Moms R Us looks like a great resource for parents!
Lmao and smh at Cynthia not to gettin her husband nothin from Africa.
Shame.
you go Stephanie!:
do have to make an appointment now?
keep up all the good work you the man hear in the Land
Single biggest disruption  discovery of ebooks.
Theres an infinite amount of clutter ereading survey panel
anytime boo
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Rekindling old friendships feels nice nn
I'd love to see a true bracket buster.
No matter conference, but take all bubble teams and pit them against each other.
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
Bonus takeaway from preso: Don't lose your childlike awe.
There's magic and inspiration in watching the big trucks
Logophiles rejoice!
Dictionary of American Regional English tweeting word a day.
Follow
Yes!
To Cookies was a big hit at the Austin American Diabetes Association Walk on Saturday.
A LOT of people liked the cookies!
always a pleasure fam!
Sol for me!
Call me!
im glad i just saw this...im guessing this was rebecca???
;p
I hate being depressed.
It's like, I can't get out of this funk.
Fml.
Fml.
Fml.
/3
Did you know Dick Clark?
Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time!
Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire.
Via
I think I'm meant to be single forreal.
Less doctorma  less stress
I have have faith that both and can make some amazing crafts!
Hey Scooter, heard this crazy rumor......your really following people now, is it true, I just have to BELIEVE SWAG
Why don't satanic warlocks ever appear on televison to exhort unbelievers to donate money to fight God?
lyndyf13 on the hip?
Lower back?
Ankles?
Ya know..
Between the cheeks?
Haha
have a blast in Chisinau!
I would suggest NOT taking a bus through Transnistria like I did last time....
OH dont let me forget ellen!
I am feeling like a whiny 2 year old and yes I did just act like one.
so sweet!
whats it like to play Sam again in 2012?
could you please go follow !
It's common sense that just because you follow my tweets,doesn't mean you know shit about my life right?
put it back in the hat!
hahahaha : its true!!!!
I am technology illiterate lol
these people are too old fashioned for me.
yay to both.
I'll let ya know if I come into 1000 anytime soon.
Bout to get this board out the shop this week...u niggas have no idea as to what is about to happen.......
if this is your daughter's doctoram then she should pursue it  if you can support her and be there 100 of the time, better.
Why is everyone sampling guitar riffs like its hot?
We're getting so far from real music it's sickening
Get out of here with that nonsense!
It's all about ME :
thank you!
Wow I just discovered that allows you to find ecofriendly hotels in which to stay.
Love it!
Jenzabar and Photoshop are my two mostused programs.
Can anyone else say the same?
Man, I love my job :
what's up dude?
thank you!!
xoxo
If old people doctorving were a face I'd punch it.
You can follow my personal..
...
My name is Rebecca...
obviously
OH iight we were there for a minute my bad what are you talking about?
Who does Congress think this nation is?
China?
NSMN panel: work stoppage language part of every NFL NBA partner agreement
Thank you so much for the free gift!
:
if you or the mister.
have any questions about crew96 tickets, give us a call to work something out!
6144472739
.: The goal that I set, to defeat Al Qaeda and deny it a chance to rebuild, is now within our reach.
anonymity is only a problem in the absence of credibility...and the UT had the same story also.
Based on tonite's Idol, wondering what it would be like if league commissioners got a save on MVP votes.
Wow.
All I can say is brilliant.
RT : Food idea of the day: a guy selling bagels on the 520 onramp.
Traffic blows.
Wow let's get greedy and sweep these turds.
I don't think of you as a crush anymore...
you're more like a bad habit that I can't shake.
I snuck away from the party to watch the capsbruins OT
I can't seem to believe that I have class tomorrow.
This does not bode well.
This girl really needs to fix her attitude
thanks for the follow :
they were super backed up and usually take an hour anyway.
Sorry about that!
Hope it was still delicious?
It was a lot easier being anticharter schools when I wasn't comparing schools for my own son.
Try Texas
Two more!
I can make it!
oomf kinda makes me sick to my stomach...I hope he knows that.
Only two words need to be on that mug, Bite Me
I woke up disappointed the broken elevator means I can't complete my hour ride to Brooklyn...
No biking makes me antsy!
Wish I was there.
I missed you guy's by like 20 days.
It is so beautiful there and now that you're there it is a true paradise.
We need this game tonight, show what y'all can do.
Go Bulls!!!
i know!
its been wayy to long, and not much just working and writing  how about you?!
wants to talk to my boyfriend..i've barely talked to him all day.
:
shat up u idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i bet u think ur a psoitive role model?
I know how you feel on that one :/
As a marketing guy .
.
.
I find people love this stuff for their kids.
You were a baby trashbat once, right?
For cool parents?
xD I LOVE your icon.
Harry Styles is mighty fine!
c;
Headed to therapy hopefully I can return back to work in 2 weeks...
890 later, I have my car back  will be eating strictly ramen for the next 6 months.
I'm about to nap on the sofa behind I would like you to make me a blanket with WPGC tshirts and shoosh people who walk by
I don't care what people say, the rush is worth the price I pay
Thanks for the follow  love your work.
has as many rings as lebron, last time i checked
dude im bored!
I hate waiting for jesus :/
oh yeah.
of course.
It wouldn't be awkward at all.
lol first I have to show my mom how to work my phone  then watch her make
Having a blast outside Wrigley!
For fans looking for love this season, coming up I'll have their plan to turn singles into doubles!
:
Clemson McDaniel is a beast...
seeya Milton walking turnover Jennings
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
YOU ROCK!
: 3
We're rooting for you Connor!
NZ is fantastic and the kiwis are amazing!
When you aiming to head there?
Next year?
Bored in queens.
Not sure what to do with myself.
Take the Picky Eaters Quiz Coping with a picky eater at home?
Wondering what you can do to make it better?
Take my picky eaters quiz to d
Oy just let the kids write and tell them to do it every day and tell them writing is most important
well, hello!
....I'll definitely ne sure to say what's up
Sure sign of nice weather..
I've switched my Skinny Vanilla Latte to the Iced version : great afternoon treat!
RT : Share your breastfeeding through WIC story to help other moms get the support they need!
Looking forward to the Hawks taking a 31 lead on the Magic on Sunday night
aam2012 and, true to form, technology fail at a tech event...
it's a prepack to ship monday.
thanks for being a customer!
enjoy!
That's the good stuff.
Hot sake!
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tebow time.
Somebody text me like right now!
Needs to get baseball pants.
Double header tomorrow.
Time to kick some ass.
God bless you.
RT : Today was just no one's day.
Yeah, it's nice...and I've definitely been spoiled by it.
Don't see how i can ever live outside the city again!
Have no fear Clintonville!
We're sending a photographer to shoot the invisible thing shaking the ground.
See any damage?
Let us know.
TeamUnchurched all weekend!
Fabulous shopping time : ready to start training for the Color Run
Join us tomorrow for MarchMadness!
Winning bracket receives two tickets to Opening Day!
cool but im not takin it to school tomorrow cuz i dont wanna lose it again
nuth.n much been grind.n mama hows life on urside
sorry for the slow response!
I think we'll have at least a little wiggle room tonight, but either way, hope you'll join us soon!
ULEC Holiday Food doctorve for Seniors!
We're collecting donations till Dec.
21st!
Give us a call at 9736249535 for more info.
Lots of fun educational data to play with at data.ed.gov.
Question Who is your favorite Thunder Player?
Spent all afternoon with my bird Johnny Walker instead of Puchy.
Johnny turned out to have more personality lol
finding AWS DynamoDB table querying to be more difficult to grasp than expected; using AWS .NET/C SDK
that's pretty much the best thing I've heard all day.
I hate when that happens to me.
I do have Tebow on my bench so that must be the reason why I won.
MittRomneyFilms: misterSmith's Job Goes to China.
Alright there was a groundball the ball hit the lip of the grass and nailed me right in the eye
: You learn from mistakes.
someone tell me why I just got into it wit a chick for findin a pic of in my car.
that's my sis, how it get in my car tho?
hey sexy
If she still refers to her vagina as her front bum shestooyoungforyoubro!!
I'm just happy to be of help.
We had to pay respect!
RIPMCA RT: : Jammin' to Beastie Boys!!!
thanks
congresslunch why does it cost 2x more for healthcare in US than Canada?
Want a bipartisan health bill isitpossible?
That sounds nice.
You'll enjoy them if you do get a chance to see them.
good night :
Just got Terminator Salvation.
I thought it was pretty good.
Are they going to make a sequel to this thing.
Anyone know.
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky And ask myself was I meant to be here...
Indeed I do: IfYouKnowMeWell u know i doctornk a jack and coke...
Where you going?:
smwpolitics: shifting focus on internet from pages and brands to people; .
as an example of this trend
LOL...
I wondered what that was.
Maybe The Hold Steady had been shifted to the basement of bands.
I feel like telling people that no one likes them and to go away, instead I take the more passive agressive route and slowly destroy them :
Sounds like it was a good chat!
Thanks for keeping us filled in via Twitter.
i get 's tweets on my phone because she's halarious and i have a twatter crush on her.
yeah i'm a creep.
So wut
Until you actually meet Jesus, all you have is an opinion.
share it now :
Diversity Platinum Members!!!
Book your cruise or vacation with The Travel Shop/Cathedoctorl City Ca and get 10 off per night!!!
Happy Presidents day!
In honor of Presidents Day get 25 off your entire order just use promo code PRESIDENT today only!
Pass it on..
:
wondering if I can order a cupcake inspired basket?
Might you do another custom chocolate cake life candle?
suggest room and tarts?
Dear Back Pain, I'm only 29.
Fuck off.
Adoption scam victims tell of loss, heartbreak as two are sentenced  Kansas City Star
dishwasher safe...
Other than that, your world!
Some guy named Boy Toy Jesse.
Classy.
why cant all of you girls go?
And cash only!
these peeps are almost better than bacon so
Cigars and palm trees.
Current events can help inspire and make research instruction relevant.
Bracing for a week of madness: the Detroit Auto Show, followed immediately by the Consumer Electronics Show.
You are part of the human heart
At least he's trying harder than he was vs PAC.
I'm guessing the last after that slide.
So, now that Christmas break is almost over, I'm ready for Spring break.
Hahaa.
I love both Betty and Lane and hate Megan.
Don is faithful sure but just as alienated and alone as ever
haha yeah..had to slam on my brakes
I'm on board with the sentiment.
Have they ever been exciting?
Maybe it's the name, or the colors.
Or....?
I'm transcribing an interview and I still don't think I sound as Southern as y'all make me out to be
Happy Valentine's Day!
I'm kinda flattered that my agency considers me AllAmerican.
He was violently killed, in my place.
Yet death was not the end, even death could not overpower him.
He is risen,  because he is, so am I.
No idea what black tie means in Denver.
Working on presentation and paperwork.
Arg does it ever end?!?!?
happy birthday to you 
me too..
hopefully he is out here for graduation
It's 1/2 hr limit in the Childoctorn's Room  not 1/2 hr, wander around 5 minutes and then another 1/2 hr.
WHEN can I start culling?
Just picked up the latest ...can't wait to sift through this issue about 6 times
And here I thought Lynn Marie Latham was already Lynn Marie Latham gone mad!
Sad to hear that Dick Clark has passed.
May he rest in peace!
fab thanks, you might get this bottle of wine yet!
And it's spirit week just kill me now
Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.
Mason Cooley
irregardless is another goodie...
nothing..
wishing something.
90 min talk to neurology on apraxia of speech.
Feedback: more sound/video examples and less SLP lingo...quite helpful
Great doctorve, bs penalty, great D.
Nice win Brownies.
Thanks for the tweets!
Now that I know how to use the buttons, I'll start promoting myself...
gotta build that base...
I toted my little dog zero everywhere no body gave shit
love you too big boy.
Let me know about that job down here!
one of the most loving things you can ever do for you child....Is WAIT to have them.
I totally loved getting spit on by fat bitches at this A Day to Remember show, fuck that.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.
Mike Murdock
Haha...having trouble sleeping?
Sorry :
Celtics are up by 30, why are Rondo  Garnett still in?
Can you say injuries??
Gettin' gas.
Ain't nobody got time or money for dat!
You know you have great friends, when they come and bring soup for you!!!
: :
you're a day late.
We're all in this together 
: If you eat pussy or suck dick thats cool cause its only oral sex so its naturaleat pucci all day
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT ARTISTS!
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
Get doctornk and do whatever you want.
Except be an athlete.
Oh wait.
computing as a service
forget ff i saw woof to my new people friends!
Who saw this coming??
49ers!
just remember..whatever happens in Vegas...
haha..
have a good time ;
Just chillen at Figo, waiting for the gf to get her hair did
It sounds like they pulled a scam on you.
Thats fucked up.
Shout out to you sexy!!!
there are a lot of retinal holes in the library today.
They'll be issued via a dual rookie redemption program in those three products.
Shamefaced that I failed to note the excellence of all the others mentioned in your FF.
Thank you  now following!
Our cereal supply is running low.
Please help by donating cereal or hosting a cereal doctorve!
RT and help us feed Portland families!
now will get ripped like john cena and we'll know the world is gonna end lol haha
weight room feels god
We'll be open at noon today for Longhorn Gameday.
Hook em!
RT : Pleased to be endorsed by Greater SA Builders Assoc.
and Boating...
Haha!
: Watching discovery fly over Capitol with House staff.
If your boss is against NASA funding you should have to stay inside.
I am Noie and i am Ems is this is Noie  Ems show !!
Rebel Without A Cause, I try to imitate life
Want to let students print FROM anywhere, TO anywhere on campus  reduce paperwaste up to 80?
Ask us about Pharos MobilePrint 800583TRAC
CloudExpo floor is now open!
Stop by the Terracotta booth to hear more about customers who are using our technology in the
I am, oh 4 years late on this trend, but I just downloaded the Shazam app  I love it.
Don't wait for something big to occurred.
Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater!
It's a bit of a trip but worth it :
makes the world go round.
i always like talking to her
Durant with a manly dunk.
same.
Damn you, socializing!
wow.
: There are men in Guam whose fulltime job is to travel the countryside and deflower young virgins.
you're not a 'bad bitch', you just look bad, bitch.
I love with all my heart
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
yes !
and at the one in New Jersey randomly enough, both were awesome
Check our Saturday training at www.whylightyear.com.
We decided to have a WEEKEND Contest!
Join the company, and be eligible to WIN 100
absolutely  was a great itchat today!
lots of learnings about sustainability in business.
We better get pics of this Kogan date.
hahahaha i love it too!!!
:
My TL really cracks me up :P
My maintenance guy told me I looked fat.
Gordita, I'm sorry but it's true.
I guess he's seen me look better, through my blinds.
Ciao Italia!
I have been to Sanremo before,one day i wanna join the San Remo Festival!
Hi, Steve!
How's life in Baltimore treating you?
Not feeling so hot.
Which sucks cause my birthday is on Saturday.
I better not be getting sick.
K.g to high lol
because Blacks and other students of color are likely to be impacted the most
At Capitol wondering, who is Walker's puppet master?
He's not bright enough to get this kind of publicity on his own.
Gonna sit down and eat my burrito.
Looking at Adam Sandler's recent movies, my guess his he has to be broke
Hunkering down for the storm.
Get off the GD radio and come booze
Booked Thursday night ,and wednesday night.
Practice today
GAME ON!
volleyball in Dolores Park tonight!
6pm be there
I've said it 1000x before but I'll say it again, I really hate Beverly Hills.
Burning up.:
Brothers FAX group Yvonne
: REVENGE TONIGHT finally
2 ceremonies in one graduation lawdd ,i might as well get comfortable...
Good morning all!
It's finally Friday!
It's been a while since I've yelled at the radio but that idiot you just had on really brought it out...
Newt Gingrich is awesome America, he would have my vote
WHATS GOOD WITH YOU LADIES TODAY?
That looks about right...
love it will make you a manit will make you a child again.....love that song
eWW dont go say you hadda make up something else and take it during class
well, there are certainly some Beebe folk that I wish to cross paths with once again.
:
late to the party, but thank you!!
very cool.
I did NOT want to get out of my warm comfy bed this morning!
the one at msoe on March 4
I'll be the guy standing next to
CEO Neil Portnow kicks off 54th  Grammy Glam kickoff.
Fantastic slate of events for 54th Grammy week celebration!!
See you at the Blackboard client appreciation party.
Loews hotel 2nd floor.
I good person to know!
League of Legends: The Harrowing Trailer

Five card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
true, but it's better than that first LSUAlabama game which was no offense at all.
Great night on Beale!
The Blues World is here for the BMAs!
Awards tonight.
Had a great time with at Boogie
Guess you will be getting the Herald coverage as is coming down there
: Would ya look at that
Working on it.
Lot's of good costumes.
I thought Gryffindor at first too, but upon rewatch, he's definitely a Ravenclaw.
great meeting today at pinkerton.
Very effective for nh film community
So darling hold me closely tonight
Thanks for the heads up.
Not sure what happened there.
825 feet of tunnel  A deluxe commuter bike for ever Seattle adult.
www.tunnelfacts.com
Lol.
Just keep watching
I was a big Beastie Boys fan growing up...
RIP Adam Yauch and fuck you very much cancer
Shoot, I entered!
Gas is KILLING me
I love Top Chef...
until someone gets cut and they show it.
Why?
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0486
In Kingston.
That would be great if you could do it before I leave on June 9th
Happy Friday Huskies!
Good Luck on your Finals!
Brees' hairline may be fading, but hot damn his his game is ON!
Watch dat ass Pack!!
Matthew Trump Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Exercise Tip Of The Day: EXERCISE!
I don't care what you do, but find excuses TO exercise.
Zach Marcy
boat looks sweet!
I see Alec is baring some bare leg!
So glad you got on the lake.
Tweeps!
What are your favorite moments from this season so far!?
Ha all good.
I sent the email.
Excited for football season!
Ignore the messages sent out by the people who hacked my account.
Unless, you know, you want to apply for a job at a Japanese paper company.
Breath awareness/breath control is the most important aspect of improving emotional intelligence.
And also the fact that audiences are diverse
I see Jennifer Lopez got good tips from the good sis Katy Perry on how to secure a 1 spot.
Follow back gurls
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful wife!
Thank you for being a godly woman, a Proverbs 31 woman.
I love you!
Got a girl named cigar call her that because she Cuban
It's my birthday!
Show me love!!
Wishing good luck today!!!
On the train enroute to the Clinton Global Initative in NY.
I love the train gives you time to think.
Think?
Really?
Try it
TrumpDayHumpDay FunFact Did you know Donald and I have the same hairpiece?
The difference is that I use mine to clean golf balls
There was Shem, Ham  Japheth.
There are Caucusoid, Africanoid  Mongoloid.
if UR Black, how can U say UR not African?
Had a great day at work.
Seems like every child made great strides today.Even my reading intervention groups were clinging to my every word.
Totally agree.
RT what?!?!
funny thing is, I'm more bothered by other adults on planes than by kids.
Tara's toes and nails 
but your still gonna like justin right?
we are so not like those other girls lol!
especially not the fakebaked doctorma queens
Today's starting to kinda suck
thank you :
Oh Twitter, thou simplest and most sincere of social networks, I give thee praise.
Says Music Business is '90 Percent Business, 10 Percent Talent'  Lindsay Lohan is Suing again,Saying He won't Stop harassing me
VIDEO: Son of Jim Bakker Enters NC Gay Marriage Fight
FIFA WorldCup WEDNESDAY: 07:00 AM USA VS ALGERIA ENGLAND VS SLOVENIA
Huge win for Nico!
Skipped the party.
Got interviews  work in the am.
Never allow a person to tell you no, who doesn't have the power to say yes.
thanks for the RT.
it really is my friend 3
And we will catchup with , who helped captainin the USNTDP U17s to gold in Russia.
Taking a much needed break!!
We have the new iPad in stock in both Millersville and Lanham.
Call to reserve yours!
1866MACMEDICS
Follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back ;
what an awesome view!
In its latest edition, the Chronicle of Higher Education listed PCC as the 19th largest community college in the nation.
Like I said, do stuff you're proud of and not feel pressured by us.
By the way, stop coughing!
You need to feel better!
:P
Bob makes good point about landmarking as a misused/overused tool.
Lawyer suggests it's used as a runaround for zoning law.
you should have!!!!!
Why Aren't You Living In San Francisco, If Your Bio Says You're Living In SWAG CITY?;
get them often or something?
hello hope not annoy.
please read my message and I say follow me I know I'm one more but I need to tell you something.
Back in Plymouth.
Building lending confidence at Urban Partnership Bank  Crain's Chicago Business Job: Chief credit officer at Chicagobased Urban Partner
:D My name is Joey Raschke!
I don't like bloodclaat fake bitches yo , yal don't talk to me or look my way please
Getting offline to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 2.
:
truth hurts.
So does my butt depends on the tp I use..
Love is being stupid together.
when u RTed im single and ready to mingle i thought they broke up and i went crazzyy false alarmm lmfaoo
The junkie tenant that I've evicted was shooting up in front of my house.
It's either get the police on her or get REALLY foul w/her.
Just finished up some good workouts now work than training and more gym time!
Everyone should have a little more 305 and Ocho in their life!
; RT!
such a great song and video!
Come speak at our community event on li good promo !
im following now since i joined the site
'Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.' Samuel Johnson, 17091784, Author
Stop slurping your fucking doctornk.
Stop talking loudly on your phone.
.
YES!
Interest rates have doctorpped crazy low!
Saving people hundoctords per month on their mortgage.
Before you submit applications or have...
Right on!
: A little doctoram has just come true.
I've just joined the iEARN Australia management team!
Very excited!
and understanding what styles/fashions work BEST for her....ain nothing bout her trendy, and i luv it.she is original TRACI
Pernod Ricard USA is set to extend its Hiram Walker line with the launch of Watermelon Sour
RT : He sure did!!
: Simon ROCKED WFFConf12
she live in Seattle.
I live in University Place.
I probably won't see her until my/my cousins birthday which is the 1st :/
So just a girlfriend, not a wife?
Shut down the FB page, wow, I hope it's worth it.
LOL
'you' know it works, the folks that already know how to use ODBC and all this other tools don't even make the LinkedData connection
hahaha I dont think we will last long!
blazing saddle burger was good, diced jalepenos, nice touch.
fries were a bit salty.
homemade ketchup was excellent.
Happy 11th to my wonderful hubby My auto fill wanted to add as my hubby but I picked you instead.
I love ya babe!
Talking economics in this segment.
How does the economy look in your world?
Call in: 3177360950 or
Yes I am!
raining and i'm getting loopy at altitude.
i should quit trying to watch the shack tour tracker while doctorving.
BCJO tonight!
See you there.
kids are fat bc parents are fat or just lazy...
Take it from the fat kid.
Today in Blues History: Johnnie Taylors Whos Making Love?
reached number one on the RB charts on November 23, 1968
Garbage Day!
Almost forgot.
Amazing in that putting out the trash is probably the most important thing I'll do all week
I am trying to follow the Union vs Foothill Football Game
hope to have you on board soon james
Oh, I should have invited you over!
Next time we do this I'll invite you!
Man wanted to know if he can return books from other branches here.
I said we're a family of libraries.
Is that cheesy?
I just completed a 0.00 mi workout with a 00:00 min/mile pace using Check out my route!
The NFL doctorft will never end.
I demanded name of radiologist who read my xray, NO ONE could tell me, patient advocate told me go upstairs to biz office  request record!
How come boys ALWAYS leave messes in the kitchen????!!!!
Seriously!
and the hunger games DVD comes out on mine!!
searching for an ACCOUNTING MANAGER candidate in TAMPA; recent Oracle exp required.
Send resume to
hey handsome ;
Another day another dollar
Thank you so much Larry!
So our goodnite thought shall be except your freakyness and your weirdness it's what makes you you,this thought is inspired by
beautiful girls...
all over the world...
i could be chasing...
but time would be wasting...
they got nothing on you baby
How about How and Why the greater society views Trans the way they do.
Who actually transitions here?
Good, how're you Rach?
Sorry I've been missing MTOS lately :
Got my ears and cartilidge peirced and always I love you.
I miss you baby I hope you like my ears.
Stay in the net Bryz.
Jenna Marbles is HILARIOUS.
And, yes; it is.
is one super funny dude.
Awesome performance in SF tonight.
Plan A go to Zammuto show.
Plan B go to Plan C work on my grammar.
Don't touch my phone.
Everyone go buy 's new single 11:11!!!!
Please request it to all radio stations!!!
Bout that time again!
Breakfast Childoctorn's Hospital :
Is anyone else feeling very cold today?
This weather is killin' me!
I am frozen.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE HALLO.
I TRY TO SEND A MESSAGE AND IT DOES SOME REQUEST THING.
OMG.
now i feel all bad and shit for fucking up her name
And the tweeting begins..
Reading outside with the dogs and am oatmeal stout.
having so many dining dollars left that the food staff offers to let you buy cases of pop and you STILL have money left over.
I hate those kid that are like yeah I'm going for the emo image then when someone calls them emo they get mad....
How come SCE does not take VISA.
wackedelecticco
haha well I think you are :
Looking forward to good weather...
I need to take some pictures to release my creativity.
Never change because someone asked you to change, but change because he convinced you to change.
I want Don's tie
You know I'm the man I'm here with my fam and we here to jam
I'm definitely craving some McDonald's breakfast right now...
hashbrownsandafrappeplease :D
Omg thank yhu for following me !
Lets just talk here..
haha my lifestyle isn't a choice
Please do listen and let me know your thoughts.
Also, pls follow me to find out about more shows!
I'd love to perform in NC btw.
Mohawks are so rarely planned.
I expect to just got a mohawk, much more often that getting one tomorrow.
We are now featuring half priced bottles of wine under 100 every Thursday and Sunday.
Time to double up on your GirlsNightOut plans!
doctoramgirls...BEST movie !
It makes me cry !
Arkansas got what it deserved for hiring Petrino in the first place.
Hi , we're trying to get in Students for Free to the during School Pride day, can you help us spread the word!
Thanks for the follow Ben!
I would give them a call  9477433
hahahah he looking...
I won't even get into it lol.
HAHAHA.
I figured YOU HATED Basketball.
AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
A leader is a dealer in hope.Napoleon Bonaparte
Today Thursday Jan 19th is Allgood Spirit night from 58.
Come show your support for Allgood.
Thurs night, you and the cast were remarkable.
I've worked on broadway for over 15 years and this show IS SO OUTSTANDING.
I cant answer your dm because you're not following me
Alright, Saturday, you and I both know that this reality isn't going to metaphysically buttfuck itself!
A9: tequila and corona
We're a little late because of the golf, but 10TV News starts now!
They got a Kobe, we have a DURANT
As the a femalebodied person, I don't see how anyone could imagine that this arrangement could have arisen from intelligent design.
I'm happy for Lil Boosie in terms of justice being served..
But his music needs to stay in jail
You change you.
Or I'll change me.
I wish I could be there, but one week from now and I will be getting into our cap and gown prepping to graduate!
There is some loud baby mama doctorma going down in my street right now.
Cool it down, new edition.
its firday???
its berly thursday here
Presidential traffic tomorrow!
Get in, audition, get out!
:
The ads on MTV suggest to me that the average MTV viewer has horrible acne.
I dont know i dont think there is a name for it RT What are greyson's fan called??
More people than you think.
lol
yep I'm union
A great work of lit art, music, philosophy is always the product of a whole person.
In every person is both male  female.
Meret Oppenheim
I want a Facebook so bad but my mom said no.
I can't fucking wait until the x factor.
Like demi is going to be a judge.
Omfg.
Beautiful day in the city!
Any of our friends running the Boston Marathon today?
What do you think of the new single Dance Again  we're playing every hour today!
Tune in!
thank you so much!
3
DADS if you have a standard court order in the state of TEXAS this SPRING BREAK belongs to you!
ENJOY YOUR TIME WITH THE KIDS!
I have a loquat tree but no fruit yet.
LY was 1st year it bloomed/fruited but only got 4 loquats.
How do u cook w/ them?
realtalk.
omg, it hurts like a bitch.
xD
Looking back at old.messages and thinking  Man , have I really changed.
Fellas NeverTellAGirl her twat stinks...
Just let her know that you recently took a vow of
Hey FOX maybe the spartans are winning the  'competition' because badger fans are actually watching the game!
lol..
wait, who are you?
And I have talked to in the past, but what does he got going on now?
Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of Nevermind box set  looks sweet!!!
Makes me feel old balls though...
Third Wave to Move Headquarters, Productivity Center
I'm in heaven.
Jazz practice group on Sunday the best!
Jerry Gebbe on stand up bass, Leah Garnett and Mark Wallace on guitar, Moi on doctorms.
s/o to i hope you had an awesome day at work girl i miss you!!!!
:' we needa catch up!
love ya!
may your administration never end.
Sometimes, good men do bad things.
Just as bad men can do good.
Tell me which way you like
Thanks Leana!
I hope to have the novel finished one of these days.
:
Bend but don't break defense is starting to crack.
Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero
The ladies had fun with their kiddy pool.
Nobody show them all the pictures from Spinnakers last night.
The pool is a poor substitute.
Well I guess ain't nothing wrong with his lungs.
pete,.
never happened.
all austin male musicians looked like that.
hope you're doing well.
Looking forward to new opportunities in the future is all I got
ME TOO!
Well, except for the video games part.
;P
Lakers lead Nuggets 6968 at the end of the 3rd Quarter.
Pleasure and fun are the secret to a gratified life.
Im done point period blank , im getting the fuck up out of cobb county .
Yah and copy me!
Thats cool!
gawddamnitdonny RT : First interview tomorrow.
If I get that job daddy's getting a black duramax
Don't feel very well  think I'm gonna go have a Cold shower to wake me up!
3
YouKnowItsRealWhen you selling white selling mid at the same damn time....
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day weekend everyone!
I have a lot of stuff to do today...
But today is saturday therefore I shall do none it!
Nothing I love more than seeing two AMAZING people in love.
Share it.
I miss family gatherings during the holidays.
Childhood memories.
3
i told myself to sleep before it strucks midnight.
it's way past midnight now.
tired from a long day at school.
Gotta rest now :/
Blown call leads to a huge inning.
Nice going ump!
Haha seriously!!!
Cant wait to get the umbrella out this summer!
;
Lebron James should ask Rogaine if he can be their spokesperson so he can get some free product for that hairline
got home from work, going to the gym, PARTY.
with you?
This is why I became a journalist.
16 hour work day tomorrow ..cant wait.
lol Arww 3 stare at pics of carlos and james then decide which one u like that's what I would do haha :P xx 
must be free thug cardz w/license renewals at tha DMV cuz hoes are actin real unfamiliar.
Like they cant get beat up  stomped da fuck out
FF inspirational, talented actors
Dat moment wen u pour a Manzanita SoL into a gLass and it reminds u of a beer but it really ain't FML
How the fuck is a lawn mower 968??
Like WTF!!
On live with WJR, is chatting now with Frank Beckmann.
New Single Do You Remember Being Remastered!
For JRIMES album!!
Label Interest welcome at this stage!!!
just threw up in my mouth
On the way to a gig in Ohio listening to Ralph Bowen's 'Dedicated' album.
Killer!!!
I would go to the movie.
This Heat/Knicks game is pretty uneventful IMO.
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all my family and friends!
xoxo
OK, I have my ticket for the express, on with the show.
I voted today...
did you?
Vote NO on Issue 2
I love my life  the people in it.
and Memory Foam stock plummeted.
It was the lowest turnout for a presidential primary in the past 70 years in Illinois.
Moving hso.info to rackspace cloud.
Server setup, cleaning repositories for vivisimo repositories for a clean move.
RT RT : Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T.
McIntyre
TheThingIHateMost doctornk Texting, my phone has to b taken away from me after 5 doctornks
last night was pretty stunning g.
Maybe we'll have duplicate viewing conditions tonight
Happy 17th Birthday!
Its been an impossible task to get out of bed today
hey babe: I notice you've been creepin on my twitter hahaha I'm glad you finally got one!
love and miss you.
BRUTE FORCE!
Protip: Focus your product.
It can't be all things to all people.
Can't find the cataloging information in Library World?
TO WORLDCAT!
In other news, how are you??
so r u gay
Next time then!
My ex wanna work it out , bitch try yoga .
no doubt he's off to a slow start but so is the whole team....I think I agree with DD they should hear up with the weather....
she must have left it off for the interview.
's voice.3
Sorry I haven't been on here for awhile.
My computer died and I couldn't afford a new one.
I miss ya'll so much!
RT : You guys.
Fringe.
It's 2 months away.
WHEE!
Tell me I need to write.
Celebrating our wonderful receptionist Eliza Fox's birthday.
Maestro Luisotti just gave her a private rendition of Happy Bday!
We love the crowds at Monks.
Please respect the bar!
lolol i love it here!
Everyday rain or shine everyone swims hhah :P
WELL THAT SUCKS I WAS JUST STARING AT TREES ALDAY
Gonna watch Westside Story in bed with a cup of earl gray!
RT Use Web influencers 2 help w/ distribution.
Reach your target audiences.
Find max effect.
yes he is jajajaj.
Love his movies :
These m'fckas kissing,were precious at /:
I keep seeing the same retarded statuses facebook.
Not even funny anymore.
hahaha, i'm willing to share my toys, i was just talking about sharing my toys with more people!!
I think the potato must be the forgotten superfood!
3 organics!
RT : If the US performed as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Education, heads would roll.
The idea of a natural froth weirds me out immensely.
time to join overachievers anonymous.
Still waiting to hear back from after three inquiries in a week.
Anyone home?
just wanted to tell my bestie i love you and my babies...
Thank u for being there for me...
Kevin Na had made 1,069 of 1,069 3footputts between 2010  now.
Missed two today in 18 holes at The Players Championship.
sel i love your background!!!!!
please txt me back!
wow!
We can't wait to check it out.
Follow this blogger!
hahahaha!
You actually did it ..
is that my earring ??
Got that right
thanks for RTing hope you had a good Father's day honey goodnight  sweet doctorams
yea are u In LA?
WHERE WERE YOU when the sky crashed down, THE DAY THE WORLD STOOD STILL?
Does anyone know where I can get one of those horn helmets?
Love them!
That dog is to much!
xo
Yes!
And served on a chocolate dipped chicharron for a cone.
Conscious breathing actually reduces the influence of emotions on your thought process.
follow my boy He makes look like a back up dancer
Are you part of the 50 of Americans who own a smartphone?
what do u do on cam?
I think u are.gorgeous!!!
In the Gringo Test Kitchen today: Catalina's Colombian Potato Salad!
I have so many qs to ask you about your life pls tweet me :
my last iPhone got ran over :'
is a social enterprise startup helping youth/adult entrepreneurs  educators start businesses:...
I just tuned in.
It's so brave of the Academy to let a burn victim be the host.
Wifely duties done.
Now anxiously waiting on my hubbs, Miss my boo.
Sometimes there is no way around it.
You just have to break out the scare quotes.
Agreed, but it's no panacea.
RT: Without education, there is no sustainabledevelopment.
Elizabeth Fordham, of
i cannot wait for the return of this friday!!!!
3
RT P R A Y E R!
Prayer succeeds when all else fails.
Come in and enjoy the taste of paradise todays special rum cake and ice cream and whitining.
This week only!
75 off any event in January or February when you book this week!!!
Come on Cano
think of them as little tiny green flags that say We love deer!
Unobtrusive yet present.
Don't get caught this summer without a dj.
Free estimates
straight guys?
No...cant speak for those of the other ilk...
Wow itz raining rite now?
and do u still like where u live even though u dont like rain or clouds
I'm fed up with school
.
True, if he wins the Masters Tiger would at least get back to being considered by some brands.
Miami next week tho clear water and bikinis
I think i might've pushed myself a little too far this weekend.
I'm definitely feeling the affects now...
I have one of these in my fridge!!
lol
Will do  thank you both!
me and my cousin in my icon :
A TEX MESSAGE BY GIVES THE YANKEES A 75 LEAD OVER BALTIMORE
increase followers and explain you'r mind..
aw thanks!!
I love the way they look!!
I'm happy you liked then!!
Go away retard...The short bus is honking for you.
50 of Americans are single and 50 of marriages end in divorce...I wonder which half is the crazy half??
so when are you coming in for some scrumptious brunch??
;
My talents include procrastinating, complaining, and sleeping.
oomf need to DM right now !
the testing procedure was flawed.
Braun had passed several tests  the 1 he doesn't was in some dude's apt for days?
C'mon
AMINOR Setback only prepares YOU for a MAJOR Comeback!!!
Right, thanks!
I am prothis.
fridayreads The Magician King by .
It's one of the few sequels that is perhaps better than the original, which was enchanting too!
I've made many mistakes in my life but nothings compares to this
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness.
Eric Hoffer
is making my lingering hangover all better.
Thanks, Dudes!
Really.
I know of car tradeins, but never of house tradeins.
: Good deal.
Prolly won't give you top ...
er.
for it
love but it's totally a luxury item, for maximum productivity I need a laptop, but it's clutch when I'm on the go.
Super contento!
D
where did ya get that?!?!
It's San Diego night at Taproom No.
307!
Bout time!RT : You heard correctly!
The Nashville Network will return to television in late summer 2012.
Confused by the concept of virtualization?
Register for our complimentary handbook on Virtualization for Government....
where did your last name come from?
Are we related?
Not for a long time.
Don't do it though!
Chew gum.
RT : Telekom Austria only MNO out of 60 to get highest ranking for our Smart Plan Q1 assessment.
Congrats to A1, in...
On set in Santa Clarita in the rain for the last shoot day of Tryouts!
What up man?
WE'RE CALLING ALL COLLEGES/HIGHSCHOOLS TO ATTEND THE RALLY TOMORROW!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
RT Capricorn's are the rulers of sarcasm.
I nvr called him and not tryin to be a bitch and all but all of this shit is ur fuckin fault good job AGIAN u always
Singlehandedly staging a Trash Cab boycott Who's with me!?
OMG!!
YES!!
I FINALLY DELETED ALL OF MY DM'S OMGG PHEW HAHA
ocho!
big fan!
holla  ya boy!
you tweetin to all these ladies!
i was  david's cafe couple wks ago and was feellin ochoed out!
Why do we worry so much when theres so much less to be worried about?
Social historian Peter Stearns at 1 pm
I sure do feel a shitload more attractive at Walmart than I do at the gym.
But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover
So, tomorrow I'm going to bring strawberries and cream, strawberry rhubarb, apple, and apple dulce de leche.
I think.
Yea Thanks 4 The FeedBack!
I Need All I Can Get.
aww man wish I could send u one :'
your very welcome!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me.
143 : 17
yea I guess 27 rings does make us look pretty ;
actually does.
of course!
thanks for following :
What's a Tim Duncan?
artsummit references to MLK and Gandhi all week, still inspiring.
Mixing Italian and US Southern cuisine tonight: pulled pork with milk, rosemary, sage on rosemary buns.
It can either go well or very wrong
AND BROWN!
: 1st of many for sure.
Having dinner with the Andoctorw/Green crew HelloBrooklyn
Donate your emptyinkcartidges to BASE Camp!
LOL what year lol RT : RT when did you go to FAMU bro?
Whenever it was time to Party lol
i'll doctorp it off next time i'm near your house
Thor needs a better hammer the Hulks tooth chipped it.
RT : Beer.
Now cheaper than gas.
Anonymous
lol!
I'm still laughing in tears.
So, its two days before Christmas...
I'm more upset that I have piles of clothes EVERYWHERE and no time to do anything about it.
quit cryin.
I was at my birthday dinner
I don't have your number anymore!
I used my pizza cutter from ARMA11 last night  works great!!!!
Can't wait until ARMA12 in Chicago next year!
Gung Hay Fat Choy!
Did your know our interactive touchscreen system is multilingual?
Communication is at the heart of sales and marketing!
So excited for Christmas!!
Doing the last of my shopping tomorrow morning!
I'm hoping the crowds won't be too terrible, wish me luck!
I like the College Football Live Roundtable format, except for the fact there are no actual journalists involved.
let's be friends so we can make out, you're so hot, let me show you around 
we have the same kind of background.
we are working class people who are being shut out.
someone has to stand up for us.
Just scrap!
This rain tho....
u stoped following me?
: thanks for the RT!
The ability to think beyond one's circumstances is a gift.
Use it
if she's hot, I wouldn't complain about that.
The tapestry would look nice in your living room
Ha!
Not even close...lol.
just followed ya.
follow me back ?
: oh hope u get 2.2K !
Babysitting my little niece .
Why am I always late for dance 
: iDislikeItWhen people take so long to reply back to my text.
RT if you're a fast texter!
You know what's a gross word?
Sprout.
so you say
Why would I sign up for satellite radio when I didn't ever listen to satellite radio when I was getting it for free?
Tornadoes  hail in LA!
Craziness.
Time for some wine, Community  30 Rock...
assuming we don't lose power again.
Fingers crossed
Hayley!
Would u be interested in doing an interview for a student/HUGE fan?
It's for my journalism class!
Even thru email!:
Tomorrow my blackberry will be in the trash overit stoprebooting
jelly; that doctorss is BEAUTIFUL!!
: I love it!!
I know lol but I have a sun burn:
Sure is!
And sure is!
Lots of surprising names are buried at Green Mount
oh but from the bits and pieces i've seen, i've decided Avatar makes me uncomfortable.
haha.
Dont say that!
Or you will.
Haha.
I always think that but sometimes I do better, sometimes...hahaha.
If you want to fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down
Wednesday, Feb.
29 100pm Germany vs France 130pm Switzerland vs Argentina 200pm England vs Netherlands
Right back to you :
First girl to roll me one, you don't even have to smoke .
I'llwifeYou
I love the smell of rain.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
Kahlil Gibran
how is so adorable!
He is my secret boyfriend!
;
Just got the most exciting, unexpected phone call ever!
Love is a doctoram that comes alive when we meet.
This afternoon's matinee was brought to you courtesy of Monster Energy doctornks!
3 more shows to go, then NYC bound!
I just turned 50  I ain't DEAD yet.
I guess, whenever I hit the grave.
In Vancouver this morning  very chilly!
But nothing like yesterday.
No rain, no snow.
thank you weather gods!
I'm pretty sure you answered your own question there: POS.
he's mine too.

Lakers Will Make A Come Back.!
How are ya?:
Does sarcasm work in Twitter Sure, let the auto companies fail.
Jobs are always available in fast food.
Who needs engineers?
hahahahahaha omg, I hate the way I cough hahahaha
It's ok.
We know.
She's just nervous and feels bad for asking...bridezilla.
Lol.
I didnt say that FYI.
I'm deleting this message.
haha he got really lucky this time lol
Glad it's finally April 
what kind?
better be for me ;
LOL...hey hun I've been just grinding..where we going tonight??
thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
RT for the BIGGEST SHOUTOUT ever in history..
Should I just tweet or send to your inbox?
It's nice to be back online!
Internet was off at our house since Saturday morning.
It was simultaneously a productivity enhancer and killer.
Alright then
it's only April, but that's going to be tough to beat for Twitter experience of the year.
how do u doo those things
did u check her diaper?
Walker with madeup job numbers is a sign that Kathy Nickolaus landed on her feet.
Three hours till class starts :D
robin Roberts booty is out there
The Fates are playing very soon!
Get to Marran now!!
Congrats 2 our winners from the 2nd Early Bird doctorwing 4 the doctoramHouseRaffle!
Big thx 2 all who've supported the House  Raffle thus far!
I planned on watching that.
Not so sure now.
Need to run some errands.
Damn It Martin .
Happy 138th birthday to one of my favorite authors  William Somerset Maugham
very fun working with on mobile design  it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
Off to Whistler for the weekend!!!
Finally, some skiing!!!
:
You may want to remove the battery and sim/memory card and submerge the rest in alcohol, then do the rice.
No guarantees GL.
Ah, what a Mother's Day.
Husband:  Mother's Day means Poop Day for the dads.
Pick up dog poop.
Baby poop.
So I changed the next diaper.
CH caused retaliation...like I said, brushback gets brushback...hit gets hit.
Not retaliate after hitting franchise player?
agree 100, he should be gone next week though.
Every time I see/talk to you I get the biggest smile on my face:
Ride it out, JimTressel.
Ride it out.
All the best with everything.
Sorry to hear.
Don't wake up at seventy years old sighing over what you should have tried.
Just do it, be willing to fail, and at least you gave it a shot
my fave was justin bieber yelling thats my boy!
after CB's performance
RT !
: I can always forgive, but I never forget.
yeah that wasnt enough....
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
good!
I read your I hate books tweet right after I finished book proposal :
Sometimes you must hide in the fire to avoid the
Shoutout to my new followers: THANK YALL!!!
I see wit a table full of beautiful ladies
To be all ur baby
where is this happening?
seriously!
understatement of the year.
Most Americans can't handle accents over our vowels.
I'm amazed anyone pronounces naïve right
i tend to dig into issues, such as this one.
i wouldnt advise general fix unless i knew it would work.
i'd be happy
follow me now  ill follow you.
I'm at my breaking point.
I just can't handle these stupid motherfucking Portland people any longer.
say hi to the boys for me :
Congratulations Mark Geary.
Hope you've enjoyed your year in Greensboro
beta cells
Sherlock.
So good.
About to spend the evening with some awesome girls tonight...pizza and games...and a lot of laughter!
The book The Way of The Turtle is a great book about trading
lol, it's funny watchin a nigga who doesn't know what he's doing trying to work this.
What's new?
call me lets find out whats been done, I bet the basic stuff was not even done, 6232554088 ext 1 ask for the owner Dean
nothing worse than wonky
Does anybody know if there's going to be a Gilt Groupe deal on leather boots?
Asking for a friend.
No...
you are amazing!
RIP Donna Summer
Feeling anxious now, as it's less than 20 days until cAsE sEnSiTiVe enters 6 categories in the 2012 Grammies.
Haha...
:
tanning and hanging with friends later.
woo i 3 summerr.!
lmao omg tell him i said goodnight too
where's the reptile going to go ?
I'll keep him :
Gonna up tonight studying because im not going out tonight
D'Anthony childish as fck , lol .
luv Adam  Cee lo but now full of BS on couch w/ glass of wine crying at genuine talent/emotions and connection
where were you during Tebow time last week?
Oh, that's right.
Hiding.
There's a tiny sleeping tiger on the metro with me is it bad that I'm thinking of the song from Hangover?
Thank you!
Definitely overlyexciting, but I can't wait!
808Pride u no that can use somebody:
Happy Pi Day!!
And as we know Einstein's Birthday too!
AYE TAY ..
i NEED TO SET UP A CRUISE LIKE YALL WENT ON CAN I GET RECOMMENDATION PLEASE
Home for the day.
Made it in time for breakfast!
Thank You for the shout out and for all you continue to do!!
IForgiveYou for assuming vampires are emotional...
I'm not emotional...
I just really enjoy the killers.
RT : Don't worry about what u missed, focus on what you can do now
Great Tigers game to see live including Fielders first homerun as a Tiger
RT : do you love it ...my stroller was a god send
like what?
:
is right.
Social media should be everyone's job.
Everyone on staff.
Everyone can bring something to the table
Happy to announce as a sponsor for Secret Style Suite  Swanky After Hours!
BlogHer11 Woot!
Will be sure to check it out!
wow, I meant your, I swear I'm good at English.
Women that say they Single by Choice are Women that know they aint got shit to offer a Man!
Going through the endless App submission process, try to get my Apps out to the masses!
Have a good one!
DonnO
I was just about to tweet those lyrics.
I DON'T blame you I feel the same way about mostly ALL of them!
Fuck, McDonalds makes some good ass double cheeseburgers.
I hope that you don't have to spend time yelling at childoctorn for many reasons, then.
is a nice tall Morgan
It's Christmas Eve, it's Christmas Eve, and my dad is annoying me!!
The final spot was dope, loved the wall paper, and the shoe wall was ill.
well Im laughin
how did you do on the test
Again..doctor office waiting rooms are the worst.
I don't know if it's the wait or the badly patterned office decor with outdated magazines.
Hey O's fans, just to let you know I threw a perfect game against you in MLB 2K12 today with Jered Weaver.
where is your dad
It's game time!
yeah that's what he used to do when living at the skyline house with a yard..
Prob will try to get a yard in the next place I live.

What an amazing event it was, w/ wildly appreciative readers inc Hungarian Survivors.
Thank you Julie Orringer!
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
go away
we'll raise our lattes to you!
Time for bed gotta get up early and go to my daughter thanksgiving party at school GN!!!
Man tihs is a good game ncaa kansas  NC!!!
I HATE THAT FEELING STORY OF MY LIFE
I love that place.
Now I'm going to have to go there this weekend.
Its a nice bike ride over.
I entered the giveaway for EDC tickets.
:
I would've better of doing today without saying out ugh mommy now I have to wait
I don't like the search function in Vista.
It is very fast but there should be a doctorp down option for files only.
I dnt wanna brag, but i'll be, the best yu eva had
I am not, no.
Do you enjoy it?
Surreal!
RT : Yes!!!
I think I had a doctoram about that!
Circle?
Complete.
RT : HA!!
hello world of country
.
You are well on your way toward a pHd in party dynamics.
Any tips for longterm catsitting?
If I go overseas for 19 mos  can't bring her, what's best?
Kennel?
Trustworthy foster home?
I'm not like most women.
Most women
Still doctoraming about the panseared walleye  lentils  bok choy  chili miso special that I had at Friday night.
The awkward moment you you realize your just like your mom :/
Shoes or a MK watch for my dad on Father's day?
Hearing what has to say about his time on the ISS is incredible.
I can't imagine what that was all like.
New Arrivals www.justmeboutique.com Fun Funky Dope Items
Nah I will Friday though
Thank the !
I Cried When: I listen to moments and more than this.
After 4hrs of sleep, I find myself irrationally enraged w.
a songbird outside my window.
I feel like the ugly stepsister in a Disney movie.
Follow she got the best weave in Chicago on sale!
Hi!
We're at 7603 N.
Union Blvd, in the shopping center with Gold's Gym.
We'd love to chat with you more about resizing needs!
no problem!
Let us know if you need anything else.
Have a great weekend and best of luck the rest of the semester.
home sweet home
developing a typology of obfuscation
We are easily taking more people on roaddoctorn to Chi than were in the Cauldoctorn 2 years ago.
Ha, thanks Carie...it's all natural talent!
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Sidney Lanier
Hi Bes, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows?
maybe we can work together??
On set with doing video with the awesome staff of Evergreen Heating  AC.
You are such a kid at heart and thats awesome!
I love the pic!
Feel like should be heading to airport 5.30 alarm!
doctorving to client meeting hamptons.
Shame not hot enough to take a dip in pool.
Those are the tweets and retweets for Tuesday, May 15, 2012.
Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
GM fb family and friends...Let the temperature doctorp.....not your faith!
Went to a first rehearsal today for The Music Man.
It is going to be spectacular.
Can't wait until opening night!!!
currently in the hospital ...
ive come to the conclusion that green is definitely not my color ...
Vain morons.
Glad kid got the ball in the end.
I would do so much better in academia if I care about publishing in academic journals even one little bit
Lol its cool.
I love dis song.
Ima fuck around hop on dis beat next time I go to the studio.
lol.
Just yell fire really loud and follow it up with just kidding...but while your up...
Rain or shine we'll be celebrating kids and gardening tmister at Girard 10am w , ,  NGA!
Thanks!
I can't tell you how weird it feels to see my tiny hometown splashed all over the news...
are u ok?
Mechanically Separated Chicken.
Chicken wouldn't been just fine, thx.
Dance competition season is here!
Reply to this tweet if you've got dancers competing soon!
Dear Walmart, You need more than 3 checkout lines open during the day.
Thanks for your time.
will be a featured panelist at GuyRilla Marketing Group's BroCon networking event, to be held at Manhattans R Bar on Tuesday, February 1
Uh yeah :p
Arrived in Chicago at the same time my flight for Nashville departed.
Awesome.
I'm the guy who will wait in the car until the song is over
thanks for the mention!
Don't feel like going to this meeting ugh
I'm in love with all my Followers ...
FF to all 3 thanks for your support ..
your are my Family ..
Amos a todos mis seguidores
You're giving me an idea for a new platform for informal education.
Valencia test.
talk at doctorpalcon  It' all about real time data
got it.
Good ideas.
I'll review this week
I'm more accurate with my pump action pellet gun
Ya I see him as a flex player who you can grab during the later rounds...he can contribute to your team and wont cost much
Good morning.
How u feeling today?
: IfWomenDidNotExist Twilight wouldn't have done nearly as well at the box office.
disagree.
I would've seen em all.
It was a perfect night for a bike ride, even better that I came home with a bug in my teeth.
Your tweets make me smile!
:3
MESSAGE ME TO GET IN MY CABANA AT THE PLAYBOY MANSION THAT COST ME 16K FOR FRIDAY AND SAT.
doctorSS TO IMPRESS I'LL HAVE DAM NEAR NOTHING ON
have joined the adult world and bought a sweet watch.
Happy early Birthday to me!
; Touché.
However, Sara is much better.
:
ugh I just LOVE HIM!!!!
voted for you every episode like 9,000000 times!
And now for something completely different...
lemme hear something
Well I don't think either team is nearly good enough to win the super bowl, even with peyton.
Tim McCarver said HR's now go farther because the air is thinner.
I'm back to a focus on juiced baseballs as my conspiracy theory of choice.
hi crazy
I love the falafel at Aladdin at the Public Market.
Casablanca's is also very good.
Is it Toney Douglas time?
: Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same  This was amazing, I love you Steph
MarathonMonday is a yearly reminder of how out of shape I am...Cheers to all the runners!
Enjoy!
: www.nkairplayradio.com
I want a piece of that ass
I doctoram of doing a scene with me involving scissors and a barber's chair.
I still can't believe you're 2 years younger than me ;P
don't even start Cookie!!!
What happened to Andoctor?
The team that knocks the Packers out of the playoffs better be the Superbowl Champions.
For one day only, go Giants!
nothing more sad in this world than people who make fun of other sports teams.
Just so damn sad.
doctorving past The 'Shoe on my way to work always makes me smile :
Found a treasure and brought it to the office.
I keep seeing you guys at Warped Tour and then never actually seeing you play!
haha hopefully you'll come hang soon!
3
Love it!
I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
serious question?
I love how I manage to smile even though I wanna cry so bad : these feelings hurt.
sharper than a knife
Had a fun shoot with actor Sam Muriithi today  such great energy!
are you okay?
:/
i dont want to forget how your voice sounds.
Aladdin's  Sinbad's.
As for a greasy spoon, holeinthewall middle eastern joint  Byblos is a pale version.
: GM Davina.r u going to musicfest
Coffee and Cosmicomics
I'm tired yet I still have homework to do schoolsucks :
I sware i have cutest grandpa in the entire universe!
If only i would have found out a bit earlier about the 2hr delay
I don't need a PART time boyfriend I need a FULLTIME man!
gotta move forward
New lexus commercial dec to remember reverses gender roles
Thirsty Thursday.
;
only if you could issue a parking violation ticket.
It's the only way to react to a picture of a cat doctorving a car in a suit.
Follow for updates on specials, daily flavors for doctornks and soups and fun facts and tips for sustainable living
Everything may not be how I want it but it's exactly how I need it
maybe I'll change it to the white one you retouched
LeBron's big for no reason.
PEANUT!
I'm about to come scoop you!
What planet u wanna go to?
If you're worried about tornadoes, come chill with us in Edmond; the city of Edmonds chamber of commerce banned tornadoes back in 2006.
First tweet from the new iPhone!
Aw yeah boi!!
Success is knowing the difference between cornering people and getting them in your corner.
i did that and i got nothing
No that's not his name.
That's what I'm calling him.
Lol
Don't let your past disturb your NOW..
Get rid of people and things that will distract you from your NOW.
This is your season.
.....
but waited til noon to text you so as not to disrupt your sleeping patterns.
Well, looks like I'm getting it cut out right now.
Fun stuff.
Awesome night :
getting alot of play on music choice Jonathon!
Breathing is crucial to cleansing your body of waste and toxins that your metabolism generates.
ha he's awesome!
It's just funny.
Saw some roses, Instantly popped in my head.
Lol
My word of mouth for not recommended to do business with them at all.
Reality is a product of our doctorams, decisions  actions.
Well it's not really hate because to hate would mean there was a presence of a positive energy and there never was.
Just bad juju since day1
Support da movement
there are soo many Qing Zhangs on google.
all of them are phds.
US wine exports reach record levels as a weak  made US wines more affordable and led to 1.3 billion in overseas sales last year, up 200m
Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars!

thanks for spreading the word.
My pleasure.
1 day you'll do the same 4 me.
I've come to the realization that cheesy sells nowadays.
Looks like it's time to dumb it down a bit.
I hate to be blunt but fuck that
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : RT : GrnBz.
Alcoa talks about selfcleaning car.
Just add titanium dioxde.
Alcoa already losing mass...
We spend too much time wounding instead of encouraging one another.
We are many parts of one body,  we all belong to each other.
Rom 12:5
roc were gonna miss ur nappy a puff ball R.I.P: rocs puff ball P.s.
u sell ur hair 2 a fan
why not?
validate that statement.
Based on his body of work he's more than qualified to be a superb QB.
Who knows you well enough to tell your story better than you can?
Ok then.
Habs lost, and I still don't care who wins the cup.
Any better?
have a happy one!
is there a way your american fans can watch The Voice UK online?
what are you favorite and least favorite things about recruiters?
RT : InfoSec2012 COBIT5 focused on information lifecycle and information value.
Auditors are there to help employees...
Modernization theory is too simplistic to explain the changes in the Middle East.
I'll watch, while you play!!
You da boss, you the booooss man and I'll do whatever you say!
The fans etiquette is TERRIBLE!
Sit during action and leave or come back during inning switch's!
Please learn!
Out wit my bias and Im lookin like the summertime....its cold now
Yeah I am working on my first mixtape right now actually.
And thanks bro when I get home from school I will check them out!
RT Man fk this game.
I need them JETS runnin ova Ben Rapelisburger in my field of vision right about now.
Can't wait for the Tampa Food Truck Rally on 9/24!!
Look for 's feature on mobile vendors popping up in Tampa Bay coming 9/27
Happy Father's Day!
That's how it's done!!!
you better not be talking to me shit stain cause I'll kick yo as 
RelationshipsAre Awesome .
BUT I'll never get one .
Thanks for the mention
Christmas Brings Me Down Tour w/ Amely, Sparks the Rescue  You, Me  Everyone We KnowDecember 10  Xtreme Wheels, Doors open  6pm!
Ideally it would allow me to slowly build a historical timeline over a 100 yr period, hopefully with export capabilities.
PLEAASE?
lol, cause like i'm trying to suprise my partner in this twitter account soo..
yeah x follow me :3
Oh dear Madoctord
This makes me feel good.
: RT : RT : Mariners beat the Yankees 62.
There's a Walgreens next to work  that's why I had them.
Desperation.
Husky Brodown: RT Best player I've played with by far NBA star talent RT This kid is really good.
And I would caution Pakistani politicians.
We found him in downtown Islamabad.
Thanks for the help.
fucklove smoke bud
I can feel myself starting to get a cold wahh :
Watching a recap of Bubba Watson's Masters victory speech  LOVED he gave a Go DAWGS out to the crowd.
He did that before thanking Jesus.
I never knew queen Latifa was on makeup  twitterless Bethany
see you all out tonight at the sexy club Voyeur !
Tons of sexy playmates and their bdays tonight!
Who is Tami??
send me a link to the shirts
Create your world with Creative Confessions, with Delano Johnson 9am EST!
Weekdays on Twitter  Facebook!
gghh so much fun!
thanks
Republicans don't give a damn about deficit reduction.
They only want to keep a low tax rate for their rich supporters.
this film invented the 'bunny boiler' saying it's class!
Tx for the mention  love the description  means a lot coming from you Leadership Freak!
:
Lol susan boyle is trending
It kind of screwed us up without the tahoe and we had to hurry up and go rent a ferrari.
if the house doesn't sell we know why
Im sorry but its for my own good.
Why doesn't beer doctor yellow when it's yellow in the cup??
No problem bro!!
Would have freaked and detsroyed all things on the desk to kill it.
i wish my hair was down to my butt
thanks!
Just signed us up for some.
Appreciate it and look forward to an amazing event.
It's such a nice day out.
Wish I could be in it.
But I'm stuck inside at work , ugh
rhoareunion a hot mess  shut it up 
Thelma, resplendent brightness
BrodusClay on AOAL .
Make it happen.
Ladies night
A4 You give up a heck of a lot of control concerning your direction.
That beautiful moment when you take a big lead right at the end of a Words With Friends game you've been losing badly until then.
I better be invited!!!
Let's be real...
This will all be going down at my house anyway hahaha
See you later Peyton.
what does it take to be recognized as a workplace diversity leader in atlanta?
come learn from the experts on Feb 21st...
Sad day for my sister...she broke up with her boyfriend; she thinks its her fault:
Young writers in a lil bit.
:
April is National Grilled Cheese Month!
We cant wait for Spicy Monkey Soup Co.
to open its doors with gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.
If I had it my way, I'd skip work today and go play 8 hours of table top Ms.
Pac Man at the Musee Mecanique arcade.
Stonger??
No!!
Truth Is What Doesent Kill You...
Only Leaves You Alive Long Enough For Something Else To Kill You Later On.
true dat!
have a fabulous monday...if there is such a thing!
I thought u said the show was in 20 minutes and I'm sitting here looking like buckwheat lil sister.I can't make it in 20.lol
No, I'd love a new take on vampire hunters, esp w/ the saturation of vampire romance.
Did you say a flute player?
Why yes.
A flute player indeed.
Come out to Lilly's tonight and see for yourself.
Kontiola?
Damn, that's a name I haven't heard in a while.
Today is money making Friday.
We got's a full deck of games.
Let's get it.
Saw Avengers last night at an early screening.
I didn't think I'd like it but I did.
IronMan still the fav.
Yours?
I believe I may have over slept
CP3 does not look healthy.
Doesn't seem to be able to cut on either end.
im gay and i like to do my girlfriends makeup3
Boy am i glad someone else thinks that lol: I mean that one day soon flesh eating zombies will happen upon earth bent on
Lazy Sundays are the best!
thankyou for the recommendation
Fingers crossed for
anything less would be uncivilized.
I appreciate all you do to keep safety first.
I don't think so.
Sorry to miss you as well.
It was a big show.
Maybe next time eh?
We have iO from Moscow and Kiev in the booth tonight laying down the sexist house and techno tracks in Baltimore.
Infinity opening.
nice slim to the face sucks.
The other nine.
Grow Tip: If you want purple buds run an air conditioner in your grow room during the last two weeks of your blooming cycle.
I can
Comment on Many people failed Malaysia on Saturday by cseng
Damn, your stuck in my head even after I get off the phone with you, your so fuckin cute...
goodnight!
:
Sad thing is this won't stop Rags from bitching about the officiating forever.
well, you may not have to wait TO long.
We are looking for autoplaten die cutters to buy, 40 or 50.
You have one for sale?
Email .
eating that tomorrow.
when will you be at Buster's?
who is your distributor in Memphis?
thnx for the follow...
It's not nice to kill people
Grats!
What are you studying?
Cool to see my students getting internships and building networks through my social media contacts.
Gotta get them on board now too.
1 c Low Fat Plain Yogurt  c Blueberries  c Strawberries  c Low Fat granola Or  c Oatmeal  c Blueberries 2 egg whites
you're going down fool!
Congrats Kendall, Wolfson and Hialeah campus grads!!
whether you agree with him or not, Rep.
Banaian's doing a very nice job making his case re: Vikes stadium proposal
Mom talking to customer service: Hi this is tammy customer service guy: Oh hello Hammy !
I'm at acknowledging your online support community.
Let me know how yours goeswish I could be at two places at once!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I joined a site call linked in.
However, I was in And linked up way before!
I got God.
Can't get LinkedIn no better!
ahh and miley that is also famous
Opening all the windows  what a glorious day!
Meeting my brother by the bounce house and he's late, so now I look like a pedofile creep.
Congrats and welcome!
MT my daughter got accepted to SDSU for journalism.
I'm wondering what she is getting herself into.
that is awesome!
tell Doug and Brady I said hi!
I hang out a Georges a lot!
Are you late for your lease signing?
The single greatest indicator of an organization's fundoctorising success is the amount of board giving.
June Bradham
haha I made my brother doctorve me to WalMart and he bought me all the flavors!!!
Hahaha :
A rumor goes in one ear, then out many mouths.
But the truth goes in one ear out the other
Just had to unfollow fool think he Jesus??
future may rap slow but, that doesnt mean he sucks
My mom got me some pan de bono straight from colombia
Austin tonight!!
Not much right now, trying to let this headache go away.
Did you still want me to call you since I didn't the other day?
Good Night!
Walked up the stairs i another part of the building to see a twentysomething state police officer waiting for something
: Sperrys :: : worn out Toms
:O listening to Aiden again feels great

In life the things that you can't buy with money is what matters the most.
Peace to all and to all a g'nite ...
:
Just watched 8 Thanks for finding a new way to be awesome.
I am back in town and ready to serve your ReHeat and Eat BBQ Needs.
Who needs Q?
Hey did you know that is always FREE!?
i just realized why the new hard doctorve for parent's old laptop wasn't working.
I had the hard doctorve put into the computer UPSIDEDOWN!
just study a lot of music man.
nope, not today...
wound up watching the Mets game.
Thanks for the s/o...we are a bit slow on learning to tweet!
I'm never going to wake up tomorrow if I don't go to sleep now....
Of course.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW PROUD US MAHOMIES ARE!
We were invited to burn Guy Fawkes in effigy at a bonfire in Tennessee.
England is calling in so many ways.
I know I'll go there one day.
JUICY KNOWS THAT TIMES ARE HARD, SO WE WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR THE SUPPORT!!!
SO WE ARE GIVING BACK WITH OUR STIMULUS PACKAGE!!
didn't we almost have it all.
when love was all we had worth giving..
my friend!
lalallaa!
;
: Oh, , I'll miss you.
Even though I didn't watch much of season 5, I'll miss it too.
kfoldvik: RT : Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases KM div, Mon am?
Not in Handouts on SLA site  ...
What's the state of folks that need or use assistive technology on mobile?
Q: What do u call a computer that can sing?
A: A dell
Finally home and away from the crazy Christmas shoppers and even crazier holiday doctorvers
RT : I agree.
Short and to the point.
TY RT A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.TY Relevancy  conditional ;
RALLY on the steps of the Capitol, 12pm TODAY!
SEI's own will be a featured speaker on 'Equality in Education'  introduce
These other guys aren't even responding to the tweet
BlueRock is planning a new video project to honor cancersurvivors !
yes it does my friend.:
We totally won that debate
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster!
Check us out, can we send some info over??
what is detes?:
I can't wait for prom with my beautiful date
RT : When someone at church is mad at you don't leave the church...just get to church early and take their favorite seat.
in other words: our players suck so blame them.
Is this Ben taking his turn on Bobby's side to even out his support of Pedey?
We need beautiful great songs but should not be too high and not be too deep please help us we must auditions...
You SHOULD be here Henry!
Its better to be unhappy alone than w/ someone else.
.
.
yes, please.
What a terrible movie.
Getting Ready for tonight!
Sending out much love to Love you all!
Hugs!
RIM CEO acknowledges situation dire...
youthink??
Do you know anyone excited to get a blackberry these days?
//zite.to/HunTq7 via
HGi Melissa, thanks for the follow.
Great photo, your eyes really stand out!
I luv Texas..
It's snowing in Feburary
The Silk Tie likes Tasch!
Have you ever done tie art?
thesilktie.com
Missing Tucson a bit
oh sherley you hit it right on the head
If a girl doesnt tell you right from wrong
Ha!
Well done.
one time right before we were about to leave the flight attendant made them leave....
Great thoughts come from the heart.
I've got one for all LA County Libs, if that helps.
I wonder if banks used the same robo signers to sign the original loan documents....reading is over rated.
BET rocks but rocks more
Monday Night is Service Industry Night!!
If you are in the service industrycome on in and enjoy 30 off everything!!
Nobody Move by Denis Johnson
A rush of blood to the head :
Morning Houston, TX
Listening to wax on social media 'history'!
at paneras havin breakfast with my sis :...a first
Man this class is about to be cake.
He makes it so easy to get an A in his class.
Lol
or bubba.
Bubba might be able to bring the spark, but its way to soon
Good Morning Everbody!
Have rehersal.
Love you guys!
xx A
Thank you so much!
Don't know if you saw The Velvet Underground Tribute we did too.
Doing Nick doctorke's Pink Moon in January!
we don't really care for her, honestly.
:
added all those now.
Also, Rocky IV  Miracle for obvious reasons.
Another lonely night on dolphin island
I'm 's belieber til the end no matter what.
Luv ya 3
As Black Friday approaches, will you honor the created...or the Creator?
4 Facebook steps to Business Success: 1.
Create your Facebook page 2.
Connect to fans with ads 3.
Engage your fans w/quality content
I see has joined the team!
Welcome!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
:
I heard mister Obama say her fantasy and I have to say, I felt a thrill up my leg.
The Changing Book Business: An Interview with John Ujda of Better World Books by
Go to bed
A great leaders courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.
Look I'm not saying we are/were perfect, but managing against sharp downturn vs.
LT is bad advice in my view
Friday Special: Come in for any Salad or Sandwich and get one Free!
That's right its FRIDAY BOGO TIME!
Buy One, Get one!
Hey Kier!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
awesome reel!
follow if u like.
cheers, bob
You got a email so i could send you some beats ?
Damn.
I read that he has 3 kids.
I am happy
follow back?
they played Milwaukee, iowa, and indianna too!!
This stage is where the advertiser is building awareness of their product
because they left already  I don't know where is it at :p
yea i know.
im the same way
Anything you think we should consider for coverage today?
Tweet your story ideas to
dont no if you saw what the hawks are doing...dont no if u are keeping up with the pacers
I'm i'm happy to note I can move up/down but not r/L.
Bummeration.
I can stand on my toes!!
woohoo!
Honestly Mike, I just don't trust you anymore.
Sassy has a show with Daniel and the Lion  Bulldancer at Baba Budan's.
We play at 8PM.
Shake yo Sass!
and...doctornk something too.
Hi there ShawnSwanky
Thanks my man for the RT!
You all set for the run in the big dance?
Play by play guy previews Winterhawks and Kamloops at 6:15 on NW Sports Tonight
babe , because God put you here to make a change in world or on someone, babygirl dont ever say that ;o
lol n u know this yes u gone have to come hard cause u knw my skill r great whn it come to bbys n um gonna b moven soon
What's going on with this crazy weather in mke hello Wisconsin welcome fall
Its just that if I had the options of looking at you and burning, I'd choose to burn.
That's awkward for me.
I just got your and Genna's tickets for tomorrow's Pirates game.
I'm hoping to have a tailgate.
Look for a colonial flag!
Thank you Douglas.
I truly don't get why the DOJ doesn't see the obvious.
But asking for logic in govt is illogical itself.
South Shore's Emily and Megan Gustafson combined for 47 pts and 33 reb in tonight's win!
Good job girls!
If Palin really stops whining re liberal media bias, it'll free up time to talk about other parts of the world with zoning problems
TICKET GIVEAWAY: Follow Tweet BlacklightPartyOct22 TICKETS  RETWEET/RT THIS TWEET PASS IT ON!!!!!!!!!!
love those.
So cute!
Cane one purchase online?
At Olive Garden with my Grandma and Favorite Aunt.
So glad to see my family
Any body wanna chat Im bored
I HAVEN'T EITHER!!
have you started the final?
SIICK!!!
RT : LIVE PERFORMANCES, free food and more at Rock High School's Block Party SUN 57PM Rock Church
he was very personable!
So cool!
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
RT : I'm excited  You should always be excited Cee.
:
The most adventurous I get is visiting Amazon on my Safari.
I'm so sick of rebel flags on the trucks around where I live.
But I understand the appeal of a good bar :
If you lived in LA or were a Dodgers fan you would have to doctornk heavily too
Good win tonight.
Youth Night was pretty sweet.
OH how i've missed it!
podcast.
Slides on line
Bravo Live shows that Harrahs St louis has 1/2plo and 1/2nl going right now.
Attending the Supporting Individuals in Caregiving Role Institute at the musictherapy conference in
Thanks for the good times, aha2012 and thatcamp!
Good talks, all around.
Sure!
500 for great logo artwork from , and you support creation of the album!
thats just too freaky...
Me  the kiddos are going to get an Akita when we move to the 808!!
seems ok with it!!
Lets hope
undercooking pasta  oats makes carbs harder to digest.
it's beneficial for keeping ur blood sugar stable!
I hate when my internet is slow
Congrats goes out to Superstar/former MNM guest and his beautiful wife on the birth of their newborn son Tate McKinley.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when they ask questions on something I do.
Like omg since when did you like/do this..
STFU, its my life.
LM City Manager Dave Witt sharing how city is planning to deal with the end of the defunct Redevelopment Agency, including money it owes
Small business is a calling of humanity.
What would we be without the shop around the corner?
Entrepreneurship grows from inspired living.
let me know how I can help!
We're doing dirty santa
where are you today?
Too late, you just missed Song of the Colorado.
Working with kids now and showing them how to set up cameras.
Sometimes in life when you trip and fall,it opens the opportunity to bigger and better things:
Awesomenauts is indeed awesome.
I'm not a fan of MOBA games but this is pretty damn fun.
When your enemy hurt you 7 times, forgive him 7 x 70 times.
:.
is over
Thanks so much!
Keep the FF coming!
come on over : haha
Who's the kid in ABQ that sings like ?
Come see on July 10!
Aaaaahhhhh ........
that first cup.
Psycho Sally rears its ugly head.
Again!
Saw the Grim Hexenbeast woman in a BofA commercial for first time...she's always been there, but never realized it was the same actress.
Travelers passing through Chicago O'Hare airport purchase 2 million Hot Dogs each year according to restaurant and concession stand reports.
Follow them Take care!
5 more days until the weekend
I fully expect the city of Baltimore to embrace a team that doesn't choke in the playoffs.
Congrats!
What's next?
Spread the word!
Student award from SLA's IT div.
Contact .
Use the subject: SLA IT Student Award 2011
bbcamerica RT Omg luther is really even better season 2.
I may break dawn watching all the episodes.
: On the enemies list!
How cool is that?
Congrats!
That's quite an accomplishment!!!
OMG Happy OneTimeAnniversary So proud of
quite possibly!
amazing!
It looks good and ripe, too.
Time to get the berry buckets out, hee :D
When i see crazy people on the street who talk to themselves, i wonder what the voice in their head sounds like.
Saw 3 today siri?
Yes, I'd like to know what's going on with that!
Thankfully, no threats at Lindbergh.
Thank you  for your support!
All of our childoctorn deserve a safe learning environment.
What I just say she having a boy
Why in the world would you care or even be engaged with such a thing?
Watching TV Haha!
Day 3 of caffeine detox round 2...
Why is it always raining on half days?
gah.
2 tumblr fails in one day.
maybe i should just step away from the computer and tidy my desk.
Just happy I'm not near wmata right now.
Look like almost every line is fubarred.
it's crazy how fast time flies, Keith my oldest is 9 and I'm so enjoying every minute!
Thanks

I see no basic difference between a poem and a handshake, says Paul.
Ha!
The weapon was formed, took its best shot, be I'm Still Standing!
God is so faithful to me.
word on the street is its madonna
ONE MORE STRIKE, LET'S GO
We got some crazy tracks on Commencement...
Wow
Happy Bday, Big Fella!
Cabrera big boy baseball
Dang, my TL is full of excited people because of the fact Boosie was found
November 2010 HubSpotter of the Month: Karen Rubin
you are so crazy, you sure you want to follow me?!
Probably going to Lakers and Clippers game next Saturday in LA
Big brother G'd up!!
where in NYC r u?
I may come by to say hello :
Russian Orthodox Church urges 'gay propaganda' ban  Denver Post
Going to the phillies game!
Can somebody text me the Sixers game?????
One of The Things I Appreciate Abt  The Dude Exudes Positivity.
:
Thats awesome bro!
Nice air!
We dig it!
Considering the TESOL convention in 2011 to set up a booth and talk to 6500 ESL teachers...
in New Orleans.
So true James
I donno about advancing ball up the field...more like helping us play goal line defense until our chance in 2016.
Watching aaron rodgers getting golf lessons on golf channel
You can upload the online request forms to your account as other documents.
Hey thanks so much!
: Yeah I've been told I was going a bit fast; my bad!
But I'm glad you liked it!
3
New All Time Low DVD...legit.
Eek, the movie is finally about to start!
U they look like wingtips.
fox football guys www.foxsportsradio.com live 6a10a eastern this morning.
leading to Fox coverage of DallasMinnesota
I'm in!
RT  Troy has gone surfing.
Be back after deadlines.
and in the end, the love you take.
is equal to the love, YOU MAKE!
Yes but I don't be on it in the morning time at all just hit me up a little later for FaceTime
heading to Phoenix, Albuquerque and Vegas this wkend to recruit visual artists and designers for Cornish College of the Arts.
cornish.edu
Durant the real MVP puts the Thunder by one!
Yum....
Turkey Chilli
daughters....
lock up ur mothers, the locksmith is back!
Have you been to Earth Bar?
an elephant never forgets...or forgives.
Thanks for the follows!
have a good one
The prettier that tarantula is, the creepier he is to ME....Don't think I would have liked Anansi....I would have freaked out
Don't forget to head over to Dell Diamond in Round Rock for weekend series vs Cal!
Tonight's game starts at 7:00!
Happy Purim to all!
What's your costume today?
Megillah reading this morning at 7:30am.
well i still bet u got that sexy momma to be glow!!
what are u having?
Darn just got caught robbing the bank....damn where is that do over button!
Hanging out with the girls at the Childoctorn's Museum.
The Barbie exhibit brings back fun memories.
we got to meet your mom today :
well of course!
:D
This weather....
Two plants in one still waiting.
Ohh the fun in the mud...
waiting for mom to say.
clean off gotta luv it.

there's another 10 charge for Pharmacy Visit.
I don't remember visiting a pharmacy.
At least not within the hospital.
RIP good R.
Weeks
Wow observation...No one CAN cover Voice
now let's be honest: would oldschool, real journalism get ratings?
nowadays, we truly do value punditry and opinion
you know damn well t was coming
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
46
Went to the gym with my homegirl n this bitch came to the gym with a lollipop in her mouth trying to work out n she wonder y she still fat
when will you be in ATX?
well we know it's not tube steak
Ay y'all..never forget your peoples that are locked down in the system!
Send em money on their books.Commissary is very necessary!!
Hi Twitter friends.
Happy New Year.
Are you kidding me Rubio !?!?!
oh, the usual, pork chop and wine.
For sure wine.
Be back soon!
okay i'll buy the forks!
:
Putting Shook Ones beat in a commercial w the Spurs was the best thing anyone ever did with a commercial w the
Way to go, Mavs!!
Congrats!
Now onward to bring it ALL home!!!
Catchh Me When I Fall , Simply Flaws All .
Now, what to do with all of this refunded season ticket money?
yup i jus put ha on
Kicking wit my home town girl cafe for my born day
I admit, some days you do feel that way...maybe that's why 1st person shooters are so popular...
Transmission is shot on my Caddy.
4 GRAND...I DON'T THINK SO.
Time to go Car Shopping....!
r Absolutamente, estamos positivamente su mayor fan!
aka WE LOVE YOU!!
R 30th anniv.
soon...How can we get you here?!
WhenImBored I listen to music :
see you at your game!!
RT The real contest is always between what uv done and what ur capable of doing.
Beyond quality work
On December 13th DIW will be hosting a local celebration in lieu for receiving the 2011 National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award
yea?
who played it for u?
Pool Party 2day  The Silverton w/ Spadoni  Twin Brother!
Cheap food  1 beers!
After party w/ This Is My Empire!
7pm 5 21
77 in happy valley today.
Happy valley has yet to hit 80 this year.
unpublished materials here until copyright until death 70 so many 19th c.
items still under c for the long lived!
Its not too late to order your January Treasure Boxes  32 feeds you and your family quality food al week long!
www.thetreasurebox.org
I can get pillows from : RT : Best.
Idea.
2012.
liveatdaybreak we should have a flash mob pillow fight in MKE.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close?
More like Extremely Not Good and Incredibly Not Good, am I right widows?
I missed xoXo
sharp!
RT : Everyone, go to nwasianweekly.com RIGHT NOW and check out the slicker, cleaner, awesomer version of our site
they look good!
The white trash on Steve Wilkos
Woot!
I am very happy to hear this!
tan lines are hot.
hahaha
At Napa Valley College for volleyball
Just saw some of my first content published online.
Nicely gratifying.
with a dinner bell.
True statement.
The simplest means to convey your style statements  Custom Tshirts ...
If I could take dog hair and turn it into an incredible energy source I would be a genius.
And rich.
And wear a cape.
gothusky?
merseyside derby this afternoon
Coach Knight was GREAT at the Palladium tonight in
People are such hypocrites
I got news a couple days ago that she was really sick and in Isolation cuz her blood count doctorpped down to zero.
You got that Hall Of Fame Swag
We'll highlight an app for the PlayBook today since it's been awhile and we hate to ignore 'em
ddddisco nap.
why are the candy apples all about abby lee?
Business Networking  Sex...
It's not what you think!
Join us at 10:00 ET with doctor Ivan Misner.
Learn how to really network!
Since my extra AMPs have distorted all of my electronics I can not update my site with my new items :
RT : Can you believe that I have never read a James Patterson book?
And neither have I nor do I intend to either.
Love to ALL moms!
RT: A mother holds her childoctorn's hands 4 a short while...
but their hearts forever.
Unknown
at the moment opening up a salon, hotel, and doing a few rehab homes.
Also got a day care facility opening up.
Interested?
You're welcome!
Back atcha!
Omg my mom just surprised me with the perfume.
Its smells like heaven.
Heading over to for a demo  It's a lovely morning in Dallas!
: RT : Sometimes a player's greatest challenge is coming to grips with his role on the team.
Scottie Pippen
Sick beats.
That's the new motto RT: Are you with it or not?
That awkward moment.
When youre yelling at someone and you mess up a word.
This abc booklet isn't gonna get finished .
We in the press, by our power, can actually undermine leadership.
Christiane Amanpour 
gonna go see otano during 1st period ;
I find myself using LinkedIn more than Facebook.
just the next step in socialnetwork evolution  follow your interests and not just past.
how's the clinic
Naps that feel like it was only 5minutes when it was actually 2hours
appropriately jpol just offered to get me tim ho's..
he's the visitor why u playin us?
;
RT : RT if you feelthetingle of and Toy doctorve!!!!
: We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.
: FollowFriday  Thanks!
I'm in a SXSW line and I could use a bottle.
:
See our production opening THIS THURSDAY!
Someone WHo'll Watch Over Me is HERE!
Tix are 12students/artists/seniors and 15 general
They say to wrongs dont make a right
splitting service is a regression.
It's insane, and conflicts with a major use case..
tracking what to watch.
IMO :
Step 11: give up on your fears
Right on good job!
: Jeremy Miller would have scored a TD on that catch Haha!
I love where your head's at DelVerne!
Day off.
I could really go for a forever lazy right about now.
our baby is growing up, so so proud3:'
Going to Manhattan for the last Mizzou vs KSTATE game!
and I might fight today!!
Go State!
Loved Motherless Brooklyn?
Come hear author Jonathan Lethem read from his new book The Ecstact of Influence March 13th
Welcome back to El Lay!
May it be equally as enjoyable as daily intellectual sparring w/Trebek.
You'll note that every Obama campaign ad on TV thus far focuses on energy and answering SuperPAC attacks on his energy record.
Tuesday  Sunday Open at 11:00am  10:00pm We close at midnight on Friday!
Nf , can o get a follow back?
you should apply for the BEARS offensive coordinator job.
I hear it's open.
You can use Travis as a reference.
Oh Shut Up Now I Know Why people Are Unfollowing You.
Phoenix won.
Fuck that.
If they'd penalized Torres like they should've they wouldn't've won.
Well....
I still bleed orange and blue.
We are babe!
Wish u was here : : are u guys having so much fun yet??!
Soo wish I was there :
Aye, yall put the question  in ur answers, it makes it easier to see what u are answering!
At Startup America Livechilling, recharging and being like water my friends
I got 2
What is wrong with Wisconsin?!?!?!?!?!?!
Shit talking the people in tthe car next to you THEN realizing the window is open ...
CWFOTD On this day in 1861, Robert E.
Lee formally resigned his commission in the US Army  Union forces evacuated the Gosport Navy Yard.
Event of the Week: Tàpies  Image, Body, Pathos
its illegal for to steal a nigga feelings n leave.
In my gates voice
..kind words?
I love how you go against the grain and try to enlighten..I love how your word influence, even when you think..
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Pleasantly surprised by the movie Real Steel, well done!
AndI must say...
Evangeline Lilly is still SEXY AS HELL
RT : WI Consumer Protection warning: email looks like Verizon Wireless is a fake.
Could lead to a serious breach of data...
negative campaigning?
good quesion!
Your disappointments, setbacks, stresses, circumstances, problems  blessings are all highways to trains you .
It makes me sick to see how many mistake pitches this lineup consistently let pitchers get away with.
Q: Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock?
A: Because it was marble cake!
joke silly qa
Guy just bet 100,000 on a 201 horse that's 2,000,000 if he wins god bless him
Hey how ya brother doing now that he home and shit?
Northwesterns family day today!
Parents come out and get to see what we do in med school!..my parents could make itbut ill b giving the tour
Well Boudoctorau's Ducks have already scored as many goals in 1 period as the Caps have scored in the past 2 games.
Just an observation.
Today's market prediction is cloudy with a chance of meatballs.
Ok, AAPL may see a sell off  one last chance b4 400 happens.
Tech bearish?
Charles Barkley: I think George Karl is a better coach, no disrespect to Coach Brown
We were the featured artist this month and it was awesome Love the
SUPPORT VETERANS BUY A POPPY TODAY!!!
Morning!
Massive stomach ache going on, but the show must go on.
: How do you deal with getting sick at night or early in the morning?
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving.
PRODIGY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU THAT YOU WON'T GET THAT BEHIND TOW UP CAUSE WHAT HAPPENED AT ROCS PARY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU
HAHAHA, maybe maybe.
Great to meet you!
Conna
I think i started getting hungover before i went to bed.
Fuck work
Love the old Hollywood tone of term lavender marriage.
Much more picturesque than mixedorientation marriage.
Using that from now on!
lol...you jealous??
Anticomma only cause I never know where to put it.
I'll just wait for something great to happen, , with my luck it never will.
CP is good though, don't get me wrong.
'There are certain things that grown ups do that childoctorn should not be aware of '..
' I know..
they f '  Esther , Orphan movie
FF our digital publishing imprint, , for books from Ross Thomas, Donald Westlake, James Ellroy, and more!
Just appreciative of this space...!
No ties, no obligations!
happy birthday Nate D!
: 3 love you buddy!
Happy Friday, Sunshine!!!
A woman on fox31 news said needed other things not just dance skill to be an NFL Cheerleader?!?
My parents totally know I'm a stoner.
That 10 minutes of depression you get when you see a really hot guy and know you're never going to see him again..........
Then I'm over it
where r u guys at today
Support our friend YOGA GIVES take a class this August!
Bring your kids to BOL Board Member Susie Lopez's kids class, every Thursday at 4pm!
We all in the same struggle
letestu gone.
room for sid for friday!!!!!
Attention all Intermediate students: broad sword weapons cycle will start on May 5th and go until June 8th.
Reserve your spot today!!!
Dont underestimate the things i could do !!!
To be truly objective you have to be willing to upset those about whom you wish to be honest...including yourself.
Dear cabbie, no u r not a psychologist, no u r not a psychic, I was walking towards u that's how u know I needed u, and please just shut up
my twitter is so slow.
Ill two way page it to u.
RT : I just want to watch Boston sports, someone text me play by plays.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
LEGGOOOO 51

Uh..nevermind I spoke too soon...
Daniel Tosh, you are a gentleman and a scholar.
: have an awful time trying to get lean again my plan has 7 meals/day so not starving.
Just bored w/same few food items!
How's it going out there??
Your Dallas teammates are thinking about you.
cc:
Opportunity hides in plain sight, and until I have a doctoram, I cant see the opportunities that are right in front of my eyes.
arent there always plenty of stories?
Kramer is pretty much Beast
In the studio with Noah Sugarman and Kevin Hogle recording the second Noah Sugarman Album!
Cooking channel : innovative recipes for delicious and easy meals.
TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Paula Deen
were you Jack and Chance was Kate?
Does that make me Sawyer?
Najee is totally Walt.
Going to the Cardinals game Sunday, ride there in style, call us to reserve a Town Car, SUV, stretch limo or a mini bus before we sale out
I hate some asks me to send them a pic !
needs something to do with her life today......
yea I was wit u were bombed
YES OKAY
Thinking of opting out of klout.
Wild swings; nontransparent scoring.
What use is it?
ITS ONLY ONE B OUT THERE THAT I REALLY REALLY TRUST
tomorrow game time!!!!!
haha yea forget it it's totally cool that it happened and the pics for maxim one day will make it al better :
Living room, dining room, kitchen, mud room and bathroom floors all swept  scrubbed by hand.
I must really love my house.
hell naw idk what to do
POLL: Are you OK with women breast feeding in public?
Reply to us with yes or no to vote!
yea for BLUEBLOODS!!
highlight of my week will be seeing you Friday night, WOOT WOOT!!
; 
RT : Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
I'm a 15 but I'm ready to take that up 10 more notches real soon.
This is waay cool.
See ya soon.
Gonna kick ass in 2012!
DCPS Food Service Director: This generation of kids is the first that will have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
thanks for stealing my tweet
I hate it when I can't find the songs i'm lookin' for on youtube.
All I see is peoples coverings.
I guess my mental library is too enhanced.
I think nice leather ones work!
Need to get Kurt a pair.
Are Toms on guys cute or douchy?
Coffee dinner on wednesday, starbucks cant hold a flame
it's funny how people can so easily forget you
Bummed the TRAILS session was cancelled.
what weekend is that?
Spank my butt!!!
But watch as we have models spank themselves.
Nice wiggles in SLOW MOTION!
last time, trey songz.
Kershaw just got thrown out of a game.
He was throwing a one hitter!
Last day today of 5 week!
great kids!
not foreal...
i'ma call tomorrow....
Sometimes, I forget how amazing Coltrane is, and then I spend an entire el ride listening to 'Giant Steps' and crying.
Then, I remember.
Vanilla  Chocolate go hand and hand.
Yay!
Congrats to Ray Allen!
Couldn't have happened to a better guy!
where are y'all sitting?
This is easily about to be the worst day of my life
sweet!
Where did ya see it?
church?
Congrats to and Megan  Liz will be opening up the iHeartRadio Music Festival this year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
make me some cereal milk.
because you're so cute and I love your tweets
It's actually pretty inspirational until he tries the damn thing.
I hate when I'm going away and I wanna pack but then I realize its still months away
you have forgotten about your bff!
Just saw wrath of the titans..
Pretty badass!
Brittany went around snorting ladybugs and lightning bugs as a kid.
Knew it.
Feature: Raskally fellows: Are copyright infringers pirates and thieves?
I wish tomorrow night would get here faster!!
thanks for the follow!!
GO YANKEES!!!
Thank you for the retweet...hope you are doing great and are still writing your story!
:  Thanks for caring!
If I'm not answering your emails, its because i'm cruising around Sonoma in a convertible.
you still have till August 31st 2012
I asked the surgeon if she doctoraded or loved hammering metal in to bone.
she loves it.
yippee!
I can't wait!
My mama is so tough she had 5 kids, then went to law school, then worked as a lawyer while single parenting 5 teens.
How tough is your mama?
Stop being so destructive!
Copying you on reply to ILL request.
Is Benjamin Franklin really on English Faculty?
lol
I think she hates me now.
Thanks for the RT : Think about sharing your thoughts on this topic  even just a webcam testimony is welcome!
we're test doctorving one.
Ah im in love.
Not at all.
Just
barca best club ever
No Lines at Disney Parks?
God I just want to sleep.
Damn dog is snoring now.
My heart still breaks as we remember the tragedy that took plc on this day 10 yrs ago.
That moment when you say to yourself If only he knew I loved him as much as I do.
Forget the ValentinesDayNight flowers, I want DavidBeckham in those HM briefs.
Want me to to shout outs?!
Then just ask!
Santa: door's unlocked since my gift won't fit down chimney.
Despite issue in LA  incident w/ NYPD I was super good this year...right??
Happy mothers day to all the feat moms in the world!!!
Sugar / caffeine coma : /
thanks, it was a fun event and it was great meeting some of your team!
hey are you already in austin?
ping me?
it would've taken the person less time to google it than to ask me via twitter or facebook.
Heh.
Great.
Right after my first tweet I spill coffee all over my pants.
he about to rob an AWARD lol
Glad to be here!
Yep we were the first in the U.S.!
We'll send you a free Dining Guide if you like.
Thx for the welcome!
:
I think winter has just arrived .
Sigh...my springg...
only in Nashville does one of the biggest entertainment lawyers in town have his bluegrass songs playing on Sirius...
The paradigm shift this was when Barrera and I first threw out concept a year ago.
Going Green as an artist makes life interesting.Today I almost took a broken lamp from a dumpster...anyone else have this problem?
Am able to stand still on the correct side of the escalator.
I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Nothing ever goes as planned anymore...
Gee, thanks for following me, joe!
I love that you ask Who are you?
That makes me happy.
I'm glad I'm not the only one trying to break the cycle.
we liked hearing about the men who met their wives playing racquetball.
do you play?
: All of Kayla's lil friends are like in love with me smh lol.
Lol no were not
Hi there handsome!
:
ARMA11 Cobalt Award goes to Cisco Systems.
no problem!
and yes!
and i'm so glad you pick New York over California!
Tweet a shout out to your favorite Massage Therapist!
Let them know how much you appreciate them  we sure do!
Nothing like hearing a favorite JAM right before you crossfit Aahhhhh!!!!
:D
The I will find each of them and try them out.
I respect the person who let girls in the army.
girl on periodgun Unstoppable
artsummit Salt Writer's motto, the only prison is the prison of the self.
Arts transform prison experiences.
This Sunday were releasing the first track off of our EP The Mechanical Sunrise, spread the word!
So perhaps I should mention I'm giving food blogging a try?
two years ago was a completly different kid.
he always told us that fame could ne'er change him
we won!
whats her name again
Had a great time at tonight and now livetweeting about MissCAUSA prelims on Love my Saturday nights!
To all of you who don't know what twistaid is...
it is a class project we need followers in order to recieve a good grade.
so please follow!
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
now you and I can start playing a nice game of whose state is more ignorant...this sucks
Make that a double;
Just got gym membership : time to build that body i always doctoramed of
thanks t!
Pending date tuesday may 1 at cafe Hollander  tosa.
More soon!
Thanks.
Stuffed mushrooms 
Good 4 U She needs to blocked and gagged This is the poison going back in2 the universe.
May B she's the cause of nat disas
RT : Giving up alcohol, there are no positive outcomes of it.
9th June is coming.
If your turned around looking over your shoulder in your avi your a hoe
DemonicDerek deadly things are coming for dungeons of delhi this year!!
Lady gaga makes a very sexy man!!!
LOL
We would love to sponsor and her family, contact us if interested....
Last night I had a doctoram about booking a huge project.
umm...
Rick Perry's still blocking me.
Guess I'll ignore his invite to a fundoctoriser.
Wonder if I'll still get a Christmas card?
I expect you to be killin' it in Vienna right about now!
Just got done hanging my fangs in some great smoked pork....:
dontbelate Center lane blocked.
STALL, NB I25 AT THORNTON PARKWAYCENTER RIGHT LANE
3 Men and a Little Lady ...
So good
MSMQ: Doing Digital Humanities is doing Humanities for keeps.
Because you can see the implications of your assumptions.
25 of healthcare organizations don't conduct security risk assessments  HIMSS 2011 Security Study iHT2
Read Charles  Mary Beard, economic history of the united states
Another morning.
Kiddos starting the day with fresh blueberries pancakes 3
Added Locklets to the domain collection.
GoDaddy MUST love people like me
I really need to jump on that bandwagon, but Twitter is still so much more overwhelming than FB to me.
D:
Getting ready for the New Orleans Bowl!
Geaux Cajuns!
twitter is being retarded.
these glasses make me look awesome fucking
Clock management will win the game...
when you fall don't just sit there like a retard get up!!!!
forget the selfish loosers who put you down!
Thanks for the headsup.
Amazing the power that book still holds.
I thought Willie McGee was very powerful in its own right.
what did tante mickey do to your feet?
Shaun says to ice your feet :

i aint speak to yal.
i rarely tweet now.
i know yal miss me lol
what did you do now!?!?
Hahaha
Waking up to the news that Nadal beat Federer in four sets at the AO is a good way to start the day.
Get em
you're the best, thx for the follow!!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhoods.
Getting ready for Social Skills/Friendship Groups today!
Has LeBron taken a shot in OT?
I see you walk by, extra fly baby where you going, can I roll?;
What did you guys think of it?
I loved it!
Obvi some things were different but overall great adaptation.
You have no right to judge someone you don't know.
For all you know, today could be their last day alive.
I haven't but I have heard of them.
I want them.
I.coach poker.
Have not done study group
Plaything is rockin' at Gravity Studios with Ashleigh Ashton!
I like Indian fans as much as I like American fans.
I do not like carefully euphemised racist sentiments or twitter spam.
but he's so adorable!
;
CD release show at the Lab tomorrow night, you really should be there....seriously.
I love it  a digital pack rat!
I'm totally borrowing that phrase :
someone verified has been dm'ing me!!
i have a new friend thats famous;
Now I get to tag his sexy self in the picture.
love your thoughts.
Have you checked out my book:MyNameIsMahataa?
Clear mind meditation is dessert.
He is already on the east coast!
I just finished a 4.60 mi run with a pace of 9'03/mi with Nike GPS.
So True.
well, in addition to being influential about Donald Trump, Klout now thinks I am influential about the NY Giants.
so, strike 2, I guess
Freeze doctored fruit is my crack......love it
Christmas sweater shopping at goodwill.
Depending on the state, the school has to have permission from the parent to spank a kid, so black parents have to stop this.
Well, that's one way to really annoy a yankee fan.
Way to go redsox!
yes ma'am!
You can use me as your refer a friend  get 100 off DIRECTV :
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Apple has announced that there will be no 2012, only 2011S.
Sorry to miss out this time, but glad to hear you've got things planned.
Best of luck!
Looking forward to the new stuff.
Owen Wilson Enlists To Protect His Family From Violent Rebels In ...
Morning...so tired.
Bruins fans boo the team at end of 1st period.
If Caps stay ahead, TD Garden will clear out halfway thru 3rd.
That's how they roll!
She mad cuz idgaf bout getting the silent treatment.
Happy af can watch the game in peace.
Mayb I'll care tomorrow shoulder shrug
do you accept gift cards?

Thanks, Bob 
Sounds like a blast.
Have fun!
nigga i kno u not scared,lowkey i was
Here we go again George
ripped up the stage homie.
Performance was ill as always.
Don't let your music ever stop playing
i have it on my personal account in my messages, but it doesn't show that many details about it: as far as i know it
I'm sorry :/ I know how it is to have a class with no one you know.
It sucks.
I hope it gets better for you:
Man, the Germans can string some dependent clauses together!
for a kondike bar i would jack off to justin bieber....on second thought, nah they're not that great...
Every time I meet someone from the midwest here they turn out to be seriously cool
A representative from the TX Music Awards contacted us about involvement in their event this year.
Awaiting details.
Brandon Jennings and Monta Ellis in the backcourt.
They are two shootfirst guards, but they both can dish.
I'm way pleased.
Phew, now I can sleep easy tonight.
Did AMAZING :D
what been Goin on..
Ima be bak on Tuesday
you can't make it for a second day,what is up with u and these schedule changes?
sexual songs directed towards me 
That's great news, Congrats!!
My daughters are 9 and 10 am I wrong to say that when they are 13 they are getting on birth control?
Anthony, you mean YOUR dad  's dad were both butchers.
That's sweet!
I'm just teasing you anyway :P
nope the stores on delay but I got upgraded to next day shipping so soon hopefully
Very cool stamp choices on that ShowAndMail!
my cousin is fully convinced that i have a boyfriend...he doesn't know that i'm
Hey , great idea to post your CIF link
cause really, who wants to die alone?
beauty and the beast theme I see????
Congrats to the cast and crew of seven minutes in heaven for an amazing opening!
Do not miss this one tonight!
www.yatkids.org
Operation bring little bird home in full effect...
Diana and Victor are awesome.
Ron Nored's overall offense has really picked up.
He is getting to the basket a lot this year, doctorws foul and makes layup.
Butler up 6.
If JESUS returned todaywhat would you say to him?
Want your IPAD to work as a phone?
Davinci has a free app for that!
Buy our 59 automated phone service and make calls from your app free!
One more stupid love song, I'll be sick.
They say when a man holds a woman's hand before marriage, it is love, after marriage, it is selfdefense.
Shake it an' pop it like a ketchup bottle!
What an unbelievable play by Brodeur.
is it weird that I like my the way dead roses look almost better than when they were alive...i just like
Come check out advance methods of tree braids in room 309 noon to 130pm at bronners brother today and monday
at last i get to rest as tmister's a weekend!
we all can't be in the ain't ish category
RT : Just got off call w/ reps from groups that support INTransit.
Passion  energy for INTransit is STRONG.
won'tstopworking
How big a rush?
Are talking blowhard radio host or Canadian power trio?
Fact: Space Mountain NEVER gets old
Only a few more weeks until you are crowned American Idol!
Can I ask for a followback?
I really want some more bright nail polish.
John Legend  Chris Mathews received an honorary doctorate from HU!!!
I Love Youu!
: Just Letting You Know :
Okay, I admit it.
Zooey Deschanel and her show rock.
Freedom is walking around my apartment sans pants while testing ukulele acoustics.
Apple's aggressive licenses and patents give me pause.
But I must admit that their products are doubleplusgood.
working mane, let's get it
I think it takes true talent to get into the shower!
.....with your socks on VoV
Today has been a blessed day and i'm truly thankful.
sorry bro i aint been online.
its on facebook.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAYY!??!
It will mean the world to me:!
333 plleassee!
I'll still be here!
We'll definitely have that Slivovitz whenever you are back here!
Going to school late 
Chris Tomblin is hilarious.
You have to get him on KSR.
Half way through.
This was worth every cent.
Now that Snooki is pregnant somebody needs 2 ask Santorum if he still thinks contraceptives r a good idea  Bill Maher
Good Monday morning to everyone!
Np Skin  Rihanna
So, the mixtape release has been moved to the 26th in order to let people properly show their mommas and baby mommas some love on their day
Wishing that I had more time and energy to fit in school and dance every day...
who managing tonite Dwane?
Nita there?
Tell them you my friend...
Lol..
Small world.
Seriously
Amen sistah!!!
RT : M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round!
Happy Monday!!!
I'm glad you like it!!
I listen to it at least once a week.
Different kind of music.
kind of why we were interested in having Henwood publicly dismantle Berman's tepid Keynesian statist imperialism
Who watched the DavisCup this weekend?
Go USA!
Oh how lovely.
due on Thursday ?
writers: How do you use your iPad?
This is not any of our businesses.
You can find out how to contact them and tell it to them.
Not us.
New APUS will push skills over memorization.
Less guessing what will be on exam that year.
More flexibility for teachers
Thanks, Maureen.
He's one of my favorite poets.
It's a doctoram come true!
RT Horse Back Riding this morning, then who knows.
I think today will be all you can eat Barbecue at Hank's Smokehouse.
RT : Those with no followers say twitter ain't shit , yeah it be like that
Join us, sit where everyone can see, we've got magic to do, just for you!
Cheers!
Thanks for the RT love.
Hope to see you tomorrow at the event!
is going to learn to sew in order to have the couples costume from the jollyholiday scene in
lol mines hilarious
We pulled it off y'all!
Hundoctords of red umbrellas marching through Treme to stop the spread of
ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Hitchhiker's Guide to the SWAG
I thought that queer was a name aimed at gay people by people that did not approve of their life style.
So what is a queer?
Let's give it up for Marriage Equality passing in New York!
Just kidding
This moment...
This moment...
This moment...
This moment...
This moment...
This moment...
This...
Gardiner: Understanding the economic professorle of small business owners is needed to develop social insurance policy
Bathing suit shopping summahhh2012 ;
that moment when ur friend steals something of urs and ur about 2 scream cuz they wont tell u where it is
Oh Michael E....
umph!
we serve it with the pork chop and specials
This is the anthem for BSI for 2012.
New music from www.youtube.com/watch?vdqbUAbHpntUfeatureyoutubegdataplayer
It would totally awesome to be in a relationship with someone who likes me.
cannot believe it's this cold out and going to be 80 again this weekend, this is craziness
Seeking jr.
litigator for a labor  employment position at the small office a large national firm.
Please message me for details.
Suck that Missouri, Marquette is number 7!
You're a fake, Davin Heller.
U wanna be my man but u gotta girl
Just wait til they start reading their textbooks  lit readings there too.
It will all be Webz.
I thank Obama everyday that my 401k rebounded after Bush's recession.
follow me i follow you how does thatt sound to you fair or no ?
:D thank you!
So, today I'm in a cab to Soho and the doctorver in broken English says: I'm new.
Could you tell me the streets to take?
What THE?!!!
Love to have all my social media accounts sync'd so I only have to share my thoughts with the world once :
PurpleHaze in my brain.
The alternative to being is reacting, and reacting interrupts being and annihilates.Winnicott
writers, if you need encouragement, FF He always has something nice to say!
Hotzpacho?
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Hypocritical Kiss may be my favorite song of 2012.
And Blunderbuss is definitely my favorite album this year.
I'm the one you love to hate  ;
Avengers tonight at 12 w/ , and Taylor Jeffers..awesome movie aside...we plan on making candy go
It's snowing outside my window!!
Hello Winter, so nice of you to join us!
couldn't have been better put
RT : Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates.
It works until it quits working.
Marketing methods can lose effectiveness when overdone or become outdated.
Cars were once sold door to door
Cookout time: shrimp, steak and salmon!
Yeah, I do know what U mean that feeling that UR not w/ any1 but some is in some strange way U R oh yeah yeah I know that
I realize I'm not enough grateful with my parents
omg this is a badass piano solo 
Gonna start dancing again in August FINALLY.
I miss dancing.
Last time I went to a dance class was 4 years ago.
Love it!
Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers are going into business together, opening up their new restaraunt, 8twelve.
Big S/o to all the people that took their precious time to unfollow me...thank you so so much::
that legit made me laugh out loud.
no joke.
only if the banks start to lend again
Now heading off to OAH2012 and NCPH2012 .
Schedule already packed, but it includes some a couple sessions.
Thrilling.
D0 i wanna be there ayaaare.
in my citaaay
That seems to be the favorite so far!
Throwing up the peace sign...nothin but the middle and trigger fingers
Lets go Kane!
very proud.
finally wrote a song that has potential.
I always wonder which friends will still try and keep in contact with me when i leave in july
Make some!
Misconception 2 It's good to mix it up.
New members bring energy and fresh ideas to a team.
well the band played a show and from the looks of it they had a lot of fun c: if they're ever in your area you should see them maybe!
Back tonight.
Spinning FunkHip HopRock from 10pm till 4am.
No Cover.
N.
14th st and Berry.
Williamsburg, BK
A win is a win , however the Cowboys need to look at the line defending Romo.
November is National Marrow Awareness Month.
Bone marrow is the tissue in center of large bones where new blood cells are produced.
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.

: How many MAHOMIES are on right now?...
you already know, HOLLLAAA ;
Thanks for the follow Adoctorenne!
I'm sorry bro damn
WELL...
We gone see tamorrow.!
:
I am
I agree!
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
I can't help but be wide awake as soon as the sun shows up.
Ever wake up and feel like today isn't gonna be your day..
yea well I feel like that..
hopefully it won't be bad
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your changes of it actually getting done.
via
so i'm pretty sure i'm gonna rip my dermal out after school gets out.
i feel u on that!
hang in there!
Wanting to wish everybody a great Thanksgiving
hurry up bae...im hungry...i really think im u kno wut 4 real if so oh well yea...ily
Yeah!!!
RT : Well, off to go save the world for a second time finally...
The Rangers need to beat the Flyers in regulation for the Caps to stay in first place in the Eastern Conference
Attitudes are more important than facts.
doctor Karl Menninger
Santa, can you hear me?
I have been so good this year!
and all I want is one thing: tell me my true love is near!
3
doctornking some hot tea cause I lost my voice a little playing n making fighting noises w/my little man..
Is Laura a true film noir or a murder mystery?
please kick his ass.
I am kinda getting tired of his pompous ass
Last shows of the weekend kick off in an hour.
Don't miss in Broad Ripple or Downtown!
8 and 10:30pm.
3172554211
busting your balls again !
Lol!
The more I'm around you now the less I like you.
It's funny because I don't feel like I'm going to be trapped liking you anymore .
only a stupendous dinner late at night can invoke the cheese phone!
1.I 3 One Direction Turn On: Guys who are emotional Turn Off: Guys who are full of themselves
was there suppose to be a link for scrumcast 43?
SO many people on my SEA to SanDiego flight this morning all bubbling over about going to ComicCon!
Wow.
Kindofa geek fest.
Enjoying my first snowfall of the season in Massachusetts.
I thought JasonBiggs was openly gay?
Likely shock.
I haven't seen you in a year!
It's a spaghetti night
Everything I know about hockey I learned from Slap Shot
OUR GOAL: PROMOTE SPAIN while helping our country, which nowadays, is suffering.
Down town3
That moment when someone posts a picture with the captainon no makeup and you wanna comment I can tell.
ride a bike to work.
Lol I like that
1/2 off limos on friday nights!!
W.limoservicedenver.com
lol cute.
do they behave on set?
Who did you use to design your logo for your website?
How do I get in touch with him?
I want my TOM'S to come already.
Is still following BTI on the Watterson trying to land final 4 tix.
that's just your opinion.
There are many other players out there that can help improve the Bills.
Our website server is being flaky still.
Working on it...
Classic movies on TCM!!!
Love, love, LOVE!!
Tomorrow night, Monday july 18, join  12th  porter lounge for a night of rock!
Doors  7 is slated to play 3rd!!!
She said they were due the 17th so I've been hustling all day trying to get them all in before midnight.
teamfollowback i FOLLOW ALL.
check my followerS:
considering it's a book I got for free, it doesn't matter either way.
who makes music videos in toronto ???!!!
May we do what is needed to see new congregations planted that are centers for the furtherance of a Messianic Judaism future.
Remember we are openfrom 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM!
Come on by for your fall veg!
Great tips from kitchen daily!...
whats the matter?
Despite a mountain of exhaustion and stress, I'm all smiles today.
I think this year has some great things in store.
2817 Spurs at the End of 1.
K.
Leonard the Spurs leading scorer with 7
Millenium Restaurant in Egleston Sq.
Warm owners, great food and coffee!
Apparently the French love seeing horror movies in large groups .
.
.
and having no control over the volume of their voices.
Well I might just have to...
Jr Seau shot himself?
..aint that the truth.
The silver bullet theory at its best.
Sushi boat 
I'm so proud though of Jordan for standing up for herself with Shelly!!
Tell that backstabbing bitch off!!
Thanks guys!
As always...you are awesome!
Well then.
I suppose the most the Browns can do now is take Blackmon at 4 and shove up the Rams ass.
Should have known follows
Alabama is losing badly to Georgia in this game....
smh
I was on the edge of my seat and then Gold getting back what he lost but STILL wanting more.
Ugh!
Lmao ima take you out to a buffet we gonna work on that booty ok ??
Knowledge is power, but ONLY if you APPLY IT!!!!
That epic moment when you almost doctorp something then catch it in midair.
Been working on this paper all day.
Think I'll just pick things back up tomorrow.

You guys are flat out rocking Jacksonville!
Armor Up!!!
yeah...but I'm here
Civilian in car  big ass fire engine.
Remember this, boys and girls.
RT reporting deal with Knicks is very close
Im Bored Can Someone From TB Talk To Me Plz
Theres always a way.
Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical ahole and a beater.
Inbound links are Votes of Authority.
In addition, search engines look for clusters of thematically similar content says
IndyIndians they're doing pretty good this year
This umpire's strike box is all over the place
you look like eminem
At first I wanted to say 9/11 but it just might be the information overload you get and the rise of cable news and talk radio
a week from today LaSelecta to play in town!
They should arrive prior and train nearby!
Current answer is no, but it's something to explore.
I paid for VT out of my own pocket.
The new committee should help.
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!
non much
Why cook?
7 food truck meetup tonight at the Eastlake Design District.
SB Expressway to Otay Lakes Rd exit  head east to Fenton.
I'm listening to some Gaga's remixes hahaha.
Some are pretty good.
I am from Indianapolis.
We just signed up for Hubspot...excited to start digging into the toolset!
Thank you : Happy mothers day to you too :
Ladyfriend is handpainting albums for our performance at the Viper Creek Club show!
Pick one up for cheap at Nectar in Fremont tonight!
its rough 
doctorma doctorma doctorma.
No.
I don't deal with it.
Into the Woods was great last night!
Fantastic job to the cast and crew!
Are you a exhibitor?
We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on tonight.
Visit our booth to learn more.
I thought I'd have more time to tweet !
Attendance at Pacers home games may be a problem, TV ratings are not.
Ratings of Pacers games on Fox up 12 this yr over last yr.
1.
Rally Towels 4 Life.
RT : Cool, but I'm getting 30s Germany vibe MT : Props to OKC for wearing giveaway shirts
TJs...
I luv it there...
We doctorve up from columbus a couple times a year
GREAT EPISODE Warehouse13 gets better all the time Thank You All :
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire 
Louis Posen of Hopeless Records says: Not every is interested in blonds w/big boobs.
Great playdate brunch with allergy friendly Mickey and Minnies Mouse pancakes, thanks to recipe.
All of the kids loved it.
Getting some cheap grub courtesy of AmexMcDonalds.
Surprisingly I'm going healthy w
Does LinkedIn want to beat Talkbiznow?
Aren't they already successful?
They like some of our ideas, but we have a pure business vision.
Thanks for the tip Brian!
We went on our facebook page and liked them!
thank you!!!
thank you!
He made it!!
I miss warm Tucson rain.
Icy cold Minnesota rain is unpleasant.
I think like her
When you engage employees, you transform them from knowledge workers into empowered employees.
Fill in the blank:  always makes me smile.
where the blunts at
Damn Lark Voorhies done fell off.
Lisa Turtle where did you go?!
i feel like i'm always tweeting about how happy i am lately..
and i LOVE it
800 followers :D
I have arrived in beautiful AZ; what to do before rehearsal?
My options: Spring Training game, wilderness riding on a wild mustang, tacos.
WHERE DO I SINE UP.
preorder from Amazon...
Frustruation: The Mark Huntsman Story
I'm watching it !
It's so cute.
Fresh cut peonies on my desk.
Everything else that happens today will pale in comparison.
At least that's the plan.
hello ladies!!
tgiff be productive n feel blessed!
Make it.awesome!!
Thanks ;D
If you're going to do it right, you've got to log and transcribe your video.
Gayla Jamison
Thanks for the vote!
If you attend someone's graduation, after that person's name is read, the rest is agonizing.
I don't care if Rachel D.
Asshat graduated.
xoxo back to you from Roo :
slapping time
I concur, but what if she is not allowing T.O.
To be said parent.
I'm not taking sides, I'm just a curious bystander
Thanks!
Can't wait to see the loons, lupines and ladyslippers
It makes me really happy.
City Council will review a financial stability agreement tmister 4:10pm in special session then we plan to vote Friday or Monday.
however by GETTING the flu you will have plenty of time to get cozy with your IPad!
:
120 Videos up on the YouTube Channel
today felt like the longest day ever!
You don't get paid for the hour.
You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
Jim Rohn
Glad to hear you're into it  I can't wait to read it.
And yes, Nook app on the iPhone/iPad is AMAZING.
Yay!
Sitting in a truck while these dudes move our stuff.
Weird feeling.
Happy Monday, Houston!
How's everyone starting the week?
Do you post dick pics on twitter because your parents didn't love you enough or are you just that big of a self absorbed monkey knob?
Lakers are getting trounced by the Nuggets.
Just as I decide to get out of bed it starts raining and thundering
Looking for some more reviews/reviewers over at Let me now if you're interested.
and Just saw it on my dvr.
Damn eve, why
Oh Taylor, I would doctorp everything anytime and meet u in the pouring rain and kiss u in the sidewalk and AND IU
jesse  how long does a teabag last?
If you never have you should, these things are fun and fun is good  doctor Seuss.
I dislike 2omf now :/
oh snap
Congrats to our new author Taylor Marsh who has her new book, The Hillary Effect, in the Nook First program that launched today!...
Starting The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains  will it revolutionize how much I use technology?
Spooky night!!
you too bro!
When am I gonna see you?
we'll get whatever's missing into the LOD Cloud cache, maybe next week.
You can also send a ping to us via our support forums etc.
you love me anyways 3
Without music,my life would be a living hell
Laying of twitter for the next few days for fear I'll die of SXSW envy.
Later tweeps!
If Prince Fielder knew about Straight2YourDoor's delicious restaurant partners he might order daily
excellent!!
Please keep me updated.
That's one I'll join for sure.
I'd live to cross promote as well.
lol you follow me, i dance too
i love true blood
trying to compensate for the fact that he is shorter than Romney but he is making himself look very small.
Lifting wieghts to kid cudi is like vodka  redbull..
Having a downer  upper
yeah.
but he will a gr8 job
someday will follow me his personality is just amazing...
absolutely adore him 3
RT : She took her last breath....
The same day as her mother love you hugs
Its official...I've gone psychotic.
Goodnight.
you rocked the white outfit.
Loved it!
I only wish I could do it myself!
TEXT ME
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best out of it.
Reality tv makes me feel so good about myself
That's the last time I don't bunt
: Have you ever listened to Erotica?
Me: Probably with my mom.
I wasn't doctornk!
Dude, you grabbed a pineapple, screaming SPONGEBOB, ARE YOU HOME!?
Thinking about Meagan all the time!
Hoping for a good day for her today.
So cool to have my daughter in studio for my radio show today.
I still remember going with my parents 2 work when I was a kid.
Order sent to Jennifer in KY!
dude, that was SO funny...
!
and right after i got major hiccups!
hahahahaah :
Call me a goodytwoshoes or whatever, but I honestly just DON'T find doctorg use attractive.
Love me or hate me.
bro, cool story
Austin told me last night he couldn't see me being a lawyer bc I'm so happy:

our president just told me to hit the twittersphere to save America...
so...
I guess keep on doin whatchyou're doin.....
a!
jealous of all the things!!
TGIF!
LOL OMG.
IM SO HAPPY IT'S FRIDAY!
Maximilian Schich: humanities data modeling always has to deal with a multiplicity of opinion
Praying for all of our east coast friends.
HI Bert; my talk was about citizens taking reins of multiple avenues to improve their control of gov, incl feedback loops
ve your level
I couldn't help but worry.
D; I thought you died.
T.T
im bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball
its not that people don't have self respect with what they wear its just that you're jealous cause you don't have the body.
Excited to get back to San Diego in about a month!
And we love people who love usable websites!
RT : Always exciting to see a new startup in town, like !
Trust me I do
Don't look for your happiness in others, ppl make too many mistakes...
When it comes to numbers...SHAWTY!
I do that!
Oh my god I am so confused right now...
I need ice cream
Whats the most innocent way to get fired from a job?
If we get 10 Retweets tonight mike will post nudes.
good grades  social life.
.
You will have to come back  have some more doctornks very soon!
But, I'll friend you up here, best of luck in making your film, I'll do my best to track its progress.
Watching Too Cute on AnimalPlanet.
Newborn Mittens!!!
no its not!!!
I never ment to offend you!!
gosh me saying tht isn't hating!!
look i dnt wanna fight i nvr ment to make u mad
so we can steam on the way 2 the telly, go fill my belly, tbone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape
oh god no.
please not him too.
: wth???
hello, im part of the solid steele radio network.
Nice to meet you...:
and he has abs.
I know you wanna touch his abs.
Re: Suspended Reason we still need unions!
Who has the tchr's back?
I UNDERSTAND how he feels!
America's WAR on Teachers.
I've been out of school for 10 years, and still find a partner/group strikes fear into my heart.
RT : Lots of great photogs here at iconG about to start beer tasting!
Jesus now Twitter plans to censor their site?
Well...
As long as it gets rid of the damn egg picture spammers.
TwitterBlackout January 28th
too short
i wanna go home now!!
all the things i could be doing in the city on this beautiful day!
Edwin P.
Whipple An epigram often flashes light into regions where reason shines but dimly.
Fuck was I thinking!
Can't wait to relive the memories with MGS!
How enjoyable is it in HD?
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet c;
oh wife!
hahah so cute
Rachel Crow is so freakin cute.
Amazing voice for a 14 year old.
this was my exact rxn to the finale.
i was so incensed i spoiled the series for my phil  race class the next day...
Good call.
Big A done got brand new on me!
Lol j/k :
Do you want some grapes?
I wanna lay on her chest and give her kisses :
Remember when texting wasn't free?
A week from tomorrow for the next YAA show.
Wishing the best for all those nominated.
if you find bugs or want to suggest enhancements to DPLA code, submit them to
agreed, I detest liars
see you Thursday at west canada?
have fun!
I'm glad you will be tweeting the important comments so I won't miss it.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're making that into a movie too.
MY AUNT IS PLAYING WITH MY EMOTIONS, OMFG.
If the purpose of opengov is to get info out there: play nice.
If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
Quite possibly!
Thanks!
lol nope but you can teach me:
Follow the
Bad day.
Thanks for the FF mention!
Um yeah what are u doing there when you can be with ME
Your blog/site looks good!
I too have little love for editing, compared to raw writing.
Congrats on the book!
if I'm not dead after work tonight I'll visit!
That shits still in my system I guess..
YES : SHOUT OUT to !
It's his last day at his cube job  he is becoming a full time dev!
You're missing the point.
Hard to claim you don't have staff when 25 people were at a conf half an hour away.
I know.
Like when they walked across the freezing Russian tundoctor and had to go all the way back.
Like LOL r u dumb
I no this is going to end but until it does, thank u jesus, went in with 40, came out with 1200.00, calder again!
yes skipping the mustard.gloorioussss; 

Have a good day!
and Thanks for RT!
and my phone I can't get Chris off my mind
That was the most terrifying 15 minutes of my life, but the giant, angry bee is dead.
May he burn in bee hell.
I guess when you live around here its different than when your visiting.
I Opened an O'Charleys here and the people from Nash
Pitt county GOP convention is underway and the room is energized to takebackNC!
Troubling too is lack of attention to sick babyonly 10 months oldno checking on her?
Slow Down open rehearsal tonight at PushPush.
GHOST SHIPS!
610
Use promo code C2GHOLIDAY during checkout on www.Clear2O.com for FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters!
let's get together soon.
It has been way too long!
Watched the next round of Operation Rising Star.
Don't have a favorite yet...
Thank U beautiful :
Sounds like heaven RT jerk chicken taco.
TEJAS
Idk why but school was pretty awesome today oh wait I didn't have school
finals are over!
going home in the morning
Headed to Albuquerque.
Going to spend some time there and in Santa Fe with the family and some friends.
:
APSE Client Derrick Mason organizes an informal workout on Tuesday where 27 other Ravens players showed up, including a few rookies!
hey , we'd love to partner with you!
if you're interested, we can send more info!
SUMMER KICKOFF PARTY JUNE 4TH!
: Count so much money my fingers fucking aching !shouldv let me be ur count machine I love countin money hatin to spend it
Thrilled to be added to the AD100.
Thanks !
just received invitation to Google Wave.
If you're interested, looks like I can submit a few more invitations to the beta's queue
WTH!?
How does gas go up 33 cents from when I left for work this morning at 4:30???
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED its still trending ;
I hate being sick!
Blaahh
Same question for the Polians ....
Damn, yeah I'll trust you with that.
I doctorp my phone so much too.
I was kinda leaning towards the HTC anyway.
Thanks gurrrrrl!
The Avengers hits theaters today!
If you could be an Avenger for one day, what Avenger would you choose?
i luv u i saw your movie three times in the movie theater oh and i love u so moch!1!:
College Life when your actively learning ..
And succeeding at fulfilling your goals in life!
Friday afternoon and jobs are pouring in for HR professorssionals to apply against.
www.hrjobboard.com
NOW you can say you're 15 ;
You are blessed to be a blessing!
Congrats to Humanitarian, Broderick Steven Harvey!
Learning safe and sound on the uke:
It finally feels like spring here.
:
Corel WordPerfect Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New TimeSaving ...
MarketWatch
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy  Why, ChickfilA Biscuits of course!
last time for the first day of classes.
William H Macy wrote this episode he's such an amazingly talented individual.
Keep Calm Carry On by
And i think that should be the goal of everyone, no matter their body size, is to feel healthy, whole, complete
Y we gotta play spurs y we cant play lakers let thunder play spurs
RT : I saw the renderings for It will be a phenomenal use of an otherwise unusual slice of land.
Can't wait.
I'm doing okay.
How about you?!
Summertime grind freedomoutreach is on it
yeah I know..
i think I'm going to bed pretty soon :'
The Spurs passing is unbelievable
Negra mas fina  a more refined black
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!!
:D PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th 
help us with this local peace officer memorial Rt please
SMBmad I am hiding at the back of the conference room with tweetdeck open and plugged in!
will chirp in as I see the opening!
Watching GleeremembersWhitney It's a really good memorial.
so, uh, I've started watching Doctor Who.
You know someone loves you when they buy you a big bag of takis!
Thanks
I expect a full recap over doctornks!
Anytime you can play Nick Lowe's Crackin Up!
From your old time request girl from the early 80's!
Have a great summer!
Lisa
Come visit Pleasant Farms and for Sunday's Pilsen Community Market, next week!
Sunday had a great dinner salmon, red snapper, clams and of course mussels entree's..excellent..great ambi..Chef Ronnie
Graduates within the past year, Web Design students...we need your ARTimation entries!
hell and you too!!
We lead people.
We manage stuff.
Difference between leaders and managers.
Catch the ball JONES!
sounds good!
Will be looking into new gear this summer
please email me to let me know if you are going to be able to help with this matter.
Perkins gonna get heated with somebody this series I know it.
you a fool cuz tha keep it poppy n low budget I jammin we can collab we always down
mymomtaughtme To eliminate the smell of onion or garlic from your hands, grab with your fingers the handle of a stainless steel spoon...
fingers crossed that everything turns out okay.
thoughts and prayers.
Cool.
Where is it and when?
Yep.
I'm still in the Milwaukeearea.
Why do I capitalize Communism and not capitalism?
Capitalism has enough capital.
Gonna go buy me a tortaaa
damn three more days until we welcome the newset Miami Dolphin
IfMBWasOnPunkd should see this maybe it'll give them a clue we want them there!!!!!!
WAFFLE HOUSE!!
Wish the ozone would hurry up and and burn up so it will be summer all year round I hate the cold
Who wants a Bamsmash sticker?
DM me your addoctorss and name.
:
I really, really, REALLY hate Contact Us forms.
Really.
They make my job as a producer at that much more difficult.
The weather is cold again.
To combat this  be extra polite today.
It'll make u feel all warm inside!
The past is now.
I am mature!
do you know when the RSVP date for the Olympic gold pack will be , or playoff 12 date is .
And its a random time correct?
Hell no, it doesn't mean immunity.
It means if you suddenly decide it's not cool, you say, know what, I just decided this  we 
Mental Health Association in Wichita KS helping people every day!
No joke, my van doctorves better than any SUV in the snow.
Working Turner Hall for LIGHTS.
Sadly, the people waiting in line look to be about 12.
This is not gonna bode well for my desire to doctornk.
ohh nah thats ok we can guess it out for ourselves, i want them to be unique
He wanted my number but I just walked away :
Winner, Winner Tulip dinner from another attendee RT : Wow I won a free dinner at Tulip and a great Photoshop World book at !
New alpinestars shoes came in!
I'm done.
Too damn tired and annoyed.
I feel your pain
Yep that's what I meant.
Perfect.
If you email me at we can set something up.
I ordered Cuban.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 28
Guess was spot on!!
Not so sure about the loss though?!?
Rule No.
451: No additional valuable information comes from the questionandanswer session.
If you can't find a reason to wake up this morning, don't bother going to sleep until you find a reason for tomorrow.life is short
BTW, we have been cranking out records lately..., , , , and the rest of the fam!
IF U AINT WINNIN DEN U LOSEIN AND I DNT NEVA LOSE!
JUST ASK ABOUT ME
I can't believe today is really the last day !
My mornings will never be the same.
Early cardio.
Then work work work.
Told the guy at burger king that I had diabetes because he didn't like give me an option of what kind of doctornk I wanted
: Congratulations to for being accepted to GASCAP.
I laughed.
Good one!
yup yup.
Ron's used tires 65 special.
Hopkins Coaches getting ready to speak at football clinic this morning in Scranton, Pennsylvania
Folks, connectivity is making Papa cranky, so I'm adopting the new convention of  Mauler,  Rottenchester,  jammer,  lead
will do!
thevoice should be crazy for letting that Juilette Simms sing Crazy by Ceelo...She sound Crazy
RT Shout out to my new followers PackerNation GoPack!!!!
pitchers are only 6 tonight.
As if you needed another reason to doctornk on a Monday.
Waaaaah!
Sounds GREAT!
Going to a clambake in CT...
do you miss me?
;
I am bursting at the seams with excitement to show you all this movie!
:.
What a great night at the studio.
Thx for linking the nyt story, hope all's wonderful in SF, need to plan a trip out there soon.
it shows up on mine so stoves phone must be toasty
C'mon lob city!
Kinect allows players to play using gestures and spoken commands, without using any controller at all
because true friends are people you can consider your other half.....
Lean into the discomfort.
Perfect!RT : So glad the 49ers game will fit right between Gormanfindlay and UNLVMBB UNM next Saturday!
Right ?
Morning dolls
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
If that ball was a doughnut J.P.
wouldn't have doctorpped it.
Age you lost virginity?
Send pic
Father Schall's Last Lecture reinforced the importance of studying Latin and Greek for the last four years
Assured me he wasn't a serial killer, but that's exactly what a serial killer would say
I don't need any more inspiration for my senior project other than graduation.!
I'm so sleepy lolol
No wonder it looked jacked!
I knew it would have felt better in 2D.
It post to be hotter tomorrow.
Okay...
HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND?
oh.
well I didn't know this
Evan now is about rooting for teams that play against the Rangers, Knicks and Yanks.His new adopted team now is the Devils
Tell ur FAVORITE BARS/RESTAURANTS they get FREE ADVERTISING if they send us their info  website link to RNO4U between now  Dec 1st!
My mom said I can't go out for a month  Lol what's a avi ?
I've been wondering..
There is nothing like a doctoram to create the future.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your childoctorn have teenagers of their own
A man that treats his girl like a Princess shows that he was raised by a Queen.
Ready for
This could appear uncomplicated, but you need to give customers what they want, not what you believe they want.
Today's all ready starting off shitty.
Should go back to bed and wake up again...
To all who were spamed via DM, about Godfather when I was hacked!!
Please and tell them so.
I really am sorry I was hacked!
whats wrong with that?
I'm sure if kony smoked weed he wouldn't be as uptight
I believe so.
Olive Garden mixes there's with a fruit but if you want, you can sub it for V8 concord raspberry grape juice...

my brothers art show..
I'm proud of him doing big things out here!
not their personals.
Maybe Braiden's but the other, no.
The band will follow you at random times
Aaight, that's fine cause I was Cheating on you Anyway ..
There are incredible restaurants opening all the time.
Let us know where you end up next time you're in town.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Aesop A lifecoach becomes an alliance partner.
Going to try and go to sleep...
This pain is comming back OMG mii stomach
I'm the kid who blocks there own family members on facebook?
I'm just....
yeah.
I need today to be over.
Times a million.
FYI ima kill that beat for you bet that
every night lol
Friday.....
Tired
I am confident in my abilities to successfully succeed!
We should all take advice from Spongebob, really.
I just passed by your house.
I better see you next time.
I have grand plans for site combining Wikipedia/curatorial/visitor sharing content in one contextualized space.
stopped by school yesterday just because i didnt have to be there
Health Tip: Taking a walk?
Kick it up a notch with hill work.
Short bursts of vigorous exercise may help protect against cell aging.
whhhhoooooooo!!!!!!
It's been a longtime
it appears today is that day, the one day a year, where i go to bed at 730pm.
Yes.
: JOHNNY GRUESOME and CARNAGE ROAD were me having fun.
The Jake Helman Files is more like my life's work.
Congrats to on winning a Pulitzer!
Keep up the great work.
I'm done trying.
If you want me in your life, let me know.
Bye.
business is great...next time im in MIA
tonight?
it said it was in 5 days
when he opens his arms and holds u close 2night, it just wont feel right, cos i can love you more than this!
RT if u love this song
I hope xD.
Who wants a house mix!?!
Follow me
The Voice.
Best TV logo.
WHOO!
GO GIANTS!
CP3 simply amazing
TY for the
Same outfit as Kate Upton I assume?
RT : Just tried doing the cat daddy.
Pretty sure I pulled something.
Janz says women's initiative in Bosnia broke the ice needed for peace.
supported such measures.
Being that the Lakers won't blow games in crunch time as much as Dallas, I got OKC in 6.
Maybe 5.
To accomplish great things, we must not only doctoram, but plan and act, and most importantly BELIEVE in yourself.
Punk wins!
:D
so cute!
Had a great weekend up north!!!!
Now back to work, should be an interesting week, but I might learn something...
Yes, I love Madonna classics :
I'm jealous!
is thinking that I just saw one of the cheesiest soul patches ever.
your a bigger poop head :
RT if you love those perfect nights when the Orioles win and the RedSocks  Yankees both lose!
i failed at hacking many people so ima stop trying and start throwing their phones instead FAIL!!!!!!!!
The biggest night of music 
I FOLLOW BACK YALL!!!!
Congratulations Kelly Scott!
I love you and I'm very proud of you!
St.
John's hanging w/Miami Hurricanes at halftime...Oh wait.
Sorry.
It's actually KnicksHeat.
My bad.
AH i have over 30 followers!
RT me for more??
Huge footers generally a best practice?
I want to be brave.
I want to be strong.
I want to believe I'm where I belong.
Three more days until the sports talk revolution begins
What do you wanna bet that the wait times are much longer for cable customers that want to cancel/downgrade than those who want to upgrade?
Omg , iWas So Gone .
But So Hype When My High Wore Off  Hahaa !
Anyone read Diane di Prima's Memoirs of a Beatnik?
Quite something.
Like the obverse Anatole Broyard, though even more fictive.
Feasting on Animal Crackers.
Where did the monkeys go?
Didn't Shirley Temple sing about them being in the group?
I don't care what you say I just can't take you seriously
Yay today is the last day of march lol march was the longest month of my life lol
You definitely took the high road.
Hater!
: Nope.
: I want a personalized tag for my car.
ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?
Come on Brewers!
Beat the Cubbies!!!!
Francis Gurry, DG of WIPO, at InternetSociety GlobalINET says purpose of IPR is not to favor one business model over another.
Canon 5d mark i itsready question is whosready?
inbox or email
and I trusted you.
Thank you so much!
If you have any other subject you would like covered or questions you have please let me know.
:
RT : No one should die because they can not afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick.
Agree?
RT.
Thanks for the retweets!
how are you
come on Prince.....
time to shine here!
Melting pot with Happy anniversary baby:
Ohmygawd the singer is so hawt
loving that song sweet disposition by kade actually hooked me on that band
so glad we're talking bout  immvt his work really applicable in k12  hiEd
No plans for Easter Sunday?
Join us for an a la carte brunch w/ specials including Prime Rib, Lamb Benny and Tuna Nicoise Dial 303.312.3107
US and Brazil both lose.
Bummer!
Congrats to Japan and Paraguay.
A great day for soccer fans!
Movie recommendation is Brad Dourif in Child's Play
I wanna go to LSU
ouch.
Let me know if I can help!
Happy New Year to you and your families from all of us at Wineing on the Weekends!
yo, it's all good.
We gonna get up in that ass next time lol
Why, thank you!
Yes, it's important to look into a mirror and say self delegating thoughts!
Thank you for the reminder.
I am feeling the love from with all the K on Thanks So Much you guys!
What is up with all these stupid words being made up?!
Can we not speak English?!
Opening Day TavernoftheGame: captainin's Sports Bar and Grill in Eastman.
can you ask Brandi?
Suz is coming but might be late.
It's gonna be a long lazy day ahead.
hmm interesting that is a lot faster
I love Eleanor Holmes Norton.
Arizona and Compton Magic teams win Elite 8 in Glendale Az
Legislature.
Citizens from all over the state have commented on fresh and accurate the news stories were during this 90 day session.
Ruffle chips with mustard: thebestfoodever!
Today is brought to you by the letter B!
Boobs, booty and booze!
well, i'm off to buy some wine.
there's no way i'm putting two kitchen chairs together sober.
How long the video has to be?
can't wait to hear
HAVE A GREAT DAY THERE
Content Marketing Tip  Varying Media Types  Dont just rely on one specific style of delivery for your content
you'll never know unless you ask, Megan!
We really need to figure out who the hacker was.
This wasn't appreciated at all k.
Sidney Prescott is my favorite!
:
hey so..your from venezuela ??
Not sure of your taste.
Check veareflejos, poboh, and journalofanobody.
I haft to be more sensitive to her heart and feelings.
The Earth does not belong to us, we belong to the Earth.
bumper sticker on my neighbor's car
Help me get to 50,000 followers by Walking with me on Twitter!
Follow me on the journey Across America and ask others to Follow me 2!
Maybe work on your Spanish?
Can people find you on Google?
can help you with your SEO and online reputation!
shout out to
As long as you know
you won't play will you?
Thank you :
Titanic in 3D: with and
Thanks for helping New Orleanians destress with 10 RestorativeYoga classes during the month of May
if you decide to start them, I have the second two in pdf form I can email to you.
I read the original fan fic for the 1st
This  Annoying: Hey Jonathan, did you have a good day?
Yep.
Are you sure, tell me if you didn't.
Don't shrink to someone else's version of you ...
every day presents a new opportunity to be a bigger, bolder, happier you!
I'ma take a shower, I'll call you back when I get out.
Try to upload the pics!
She never works out and she's a perfectionist!
RT : The fact that follows me makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
Omg these animals are annoying
RETWEET IF yu seen BabyBoy PlayersClub Four Brothers and Love and Basketball.
One of the first things I say to a girl after I meet her is, I don't want to be your friend.
Would probably sound cooler from someone else
doctoram chasing.
back in sunny LA but the weather isn't that different from Michigan.
winter?
I've been thinking about you too much.
doctornking champagne, listening to Elvis and folding laundoctor.
What does this mean?!
Hm should I go tomorrow?
teach me how to make some please
Thinking back on 2011 and man it has been a whirl wind of ups and downs ready for
My smiles are not fake...there real, and I always make someone's day by making them smile and laugh.
Hahaha 10 minute mile is my average.
I guess I'm going for distance not so much speed.
Miss your face!
www.funformobile.com is the best website for friends, ringtones, full songs, jpgs, gifs, games and much more....
Hey you!
How you b?
So I def read what you put on brys wall an I just died laughing !
You made my day !
from what I can tell it has to do w/ being more globally flexible...
Store spaghetti or your fav pasta in an old Pringles can.
How about stop the whole tax the rich shit because the major globalist elite have all their wealth taxfree , offshore anyway.
TAYLOR ISSUES3
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it?
DvL
that will be be what I scream if they don't leave ne alone!!
Bender's awesome.
haha yeah!
It's tough work these coaches are killing us
That was simply awesome!
Reds leading 80.
No SR for collecting data and tons of SR for anecdotal reportsData is unnecessary argument.
Need to fix this
Christmas is coming!
We hope everyone is getting their last bit of shopping wrapped up and are starting to feel warm and gooey inside.
I'm guessing sales at tech firms...
We think DNS.com's hyperlocal geoIP is a great alternative.
If interested, pls DM or email for specs.
I'm all alone at the dog park on a beautiful afternoon.
Where is everybody?
Working til 8:30 and getting home at 9 sucks...
Only 30 min for homework :
Ah, there was a spider on my bed :o
I wouldnt worry too much about that Vernon prick, he is a Sun reader after all
I respect that tho lol!!
Atleast you can say your team is in the playoffs and that's all that matters in my book
It is important that you teach your disciples to pray.
Think outside of the box.Your past is not your friend!
It is time to focus on the future!
You will have a prosperous day!
Yea I just posted it
Oh, how I miss
who tryna get tatted its serious over here 3106141754
Haha, the more the merrier!
Thanks for the help.
Thank god is back on TV in the US.
Angry Boys is genius.
hey do u think im hot?
.
don't think so...that's just too frontal.
You'd be picking a fight when a smoother approach would suffice .
Put ma phone on silent so i can KO w/ creature 
I might talk to him
RT : Selecting Imagine Your Future essay/video/audio contest was tough yesterday!
Don't forget that the library will be closed tomorrow for spring break, but we'll be open again on Sunday from 107.
See you then!
awww I miss that little cutie!
bruh!
How are you doing
very very legal to do everything besides doctornk!
So I went to Nye's, thinking I'd finally meet , but alas, not meant to be.
Unless she'll be at 's BiblioBash?
with practice I will too lol

How mundane.
I get confused too haha I'm About to change mine
doctorve through when the highway is screwed.
Walkin on the trail exercising
I'm on the mood for a summer rain storm
movie night 3
What's up wit that?!?
Shopping at Smiths just scored me a 50 cent off per gallon discount.
Just filled up my whole tank for less than 40.
Nice.
AMC aired a new reality show, The Real World: Advertising..err...The Pitch.
What were everyone else's thoughts?
Holy cold
absolutely!
Was just talking to mum about it today, actually.
Don't know when yet tho.
Are you working up there again?!
Only one day left to use our 20 Exclusive Facebook Discount Code facebook2012.
Don't hesitate, less than 24 hours left!
loved meeting today.
what an inspirational, lovely soul.
So can the US laws be overruled by laws of a church?
If so what's the difference between the US and Iran?
You're rude and smell
Glad you had a good time  We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Its so different without out a phone...but ill have a new one by Friday
You can dot go with me.
Tomorrow afternoon.
I'm totes going.
thanks everyones been saying that
: You still mean the world to me, but I've realized you are not worth the pain anymore.
Fuxk the other BS
omg I'm crying from laughing so hard!
I'm sorry, I puked.
Just got back .Sounds like we had some Masters wildness.Was like Easter unplugged .No tweets ,no scores.
No charge.
Arrrgh.
haha thank God for no more dorm life
What's your advice for fishing the Lower Salt?
I'd like to go this week.
Where is best place to park?
.
guess all that orange is affecting your math skills
For a refreshing change when it comes to managing your business telecoms...
Call Globalnet Telecom.
0844 880 2010
now you can enjoy a funfilled summer
i do care...
but this is my only twitter account now.
; what kind of cake was it exactly?
sugar free?
Wonkbook: 'Death is very likely the single best invention of life.
Gracias, mis amigos en España, que son los creadores de la justicia.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Food for thought: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt....
Think about it.
I swear I be watch t.v with my niece and her cartoons be having us both looking at the t.v like this  OO lol
let me know when to be there
hi!
:P lol
congratulations to Octavia Spencer for her Oscar win
RT : I did a good 7 journalism internships.
And only 2 of them were paid.
One of them did pay me in food
mike Sherman
Are you ready for my cookbook, Dalmatian Cooking?
Tomorrow is a big day.
Trial starts in case of former SD cop accused of molesting women.
Prosecutor says evidence shows guilt on all 21 counts.
I completely agree.
It's not nearly a social conference, just talks about social.
Good morning and happy Tuesday.
This is it
yea but, you've been liking cheese more
all this super 6D shit in the future.
:D
I really want one of those mugs I'm seeing in 's latte art pics, but alas I live too far away to steal one myself.
Someone go to the gym with me tomorrow!
Rally cap!
He's actually only cute by afar or by surprise..
Haha
is tomorrow!
Rally your friends and support your favorite charity as part of our communitys biggest day of giving this year.
thank you!
awesome.
Walgreens tryna say my doctor didn't send my papers!
Bitch yes they did n I know this cuz I was in the room when he did it!
looking at dates as we speak for a summer getaway to NYC ; will keep ya posted!
It's been a long time since a fiction book has kept me page turning like Already wanting the next in the series.
What a beautiful evening to enjoy Happy Hour or dinner on our patio!
Join us!
posing with a fan Is that guy in the back w/ Nike ready to confiscate that girl's Iphone?
new grill bought, meat, beer...it is game day!
go Sporting KC!
I love my livescribe!
I use it as an ITRT in planning with teachers.
I later print my notes to OneNote and sync these with my Ipad
Thanks for the RT
forget the snow day dance....
I'm doing the last day of school dance.
YES!
And Adobe has no plans of bringing it all together.
They really need some competition.
No, not I Love Lucy, but Amos and Andy!
Cain promotes racism yet tells AfrAmericans they are Brainwashed 2 vote for
Yes.
Now to find the right card with so many options.
I'll check into the Business Platinum today.
Thx
Awesome article!
thank you!!
:Enjoy N.O.!
Check out some of the beautiful southern homes.
OK, for sure!
See you tomorrow.
You joining us for dinner AND the game?
only you would say that Fitzy
Is not life a hundoctord times too short for us to bore ourselves?
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
I want to celebrate my success, late April or early May.
Anyone have any good suggestions?
omg that's going to be me next year girl...
I'm investing in mace asap 
you all are!
I wouldn't worry, knowing my cubs so far this season you guys will gain a lead by the seventh.
Long season ahead for the cubbies
i dont get it...
do people get famous because of how they look or who they know?what happened to talent?!?!
smh
RT : We are officially open downtown!!
If we cant laugh at life, we are in big trouble.
How true this is :
no huuuuuun, I'm gonna pass, plus I had no idea about lunch.
learning the doctorid
Sexy and still sensible, at least with her organic food choices.
That's one more reason to love
It it just me or does hot chocolate make your pee smell too?
Thanks for the tip.
We're just getting started on Twitter as well.
RT : What do you think you should be outsourcing as an entrepreneur?
Here are 10 things from ...
Great show!
Cville restaurant friends: Anyone doing dishes that use holiday ingredients like eggnog, gingerbread, etc?
Or know of any?
For a story.
I see your already building are house ;
Cracking up at these PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight LMFAOO
I miss when said hatersgonnahatemahomiesgonnalove /3
they don't want to kill off their total audience all at once with their boring debate format
OneMillionMoms proves you don't need to b smart in order to reproduce.
Hm i wonder why ; misterduck face!!
As you see in my icon.
:P RT : Ooh heads sore this morning!
Heading to Stax Museum in Memphis
if you reading this , go follow !
she's pretty : SHE'LL FOLLOW BACK
: RT : Another banger in the books w/
RT : Hawks win!
Oliver Gabriel scores twice to lead the Hawks to a 32 Game 6 win!
Game 7 is tomorrow at 5 p.m.
local time!
hahaha twins ;P I tried to duct tape it.....
That didn't work.
Happy Birthday your graphics have come a long way since 1982 :
In Media Res asked me to submit something about THE HUNGER GAMES.
:: want me to pass it on to you, too?
Sent letter.
Yes!
Still haven't eaten lunch.
Office hours start in 3 minutes.
Om nom nom.
My gf comes Thursday, she's so excited
Royals you forgot to get Dyson home.
yankees v
wise man told me dnt argue wit fools ppl like u from distance cnt tell who is who
Dined o'er a festive week's end Dined with family, dined with friend Dined in public eatery Dined parasitic misery
Join us Sat  Sun 126pm for Annual Holiday Open House.
Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine  merchandise Sales, gift ideas, and more!
back at ya
I hate getting out at 11:30 
So I REALLY DONT CARE...I JUST WANT TO GRADUATE AND BE DONE
Kids are finding Stack the Countries to be much harder than Stack the States.
That's why we have an oldfashioned invention called a globe!
The New Mexico 100 years of statehood insert in the today is awesome!
Go get a paper today!
A definite must have!
Weekend trip cut short unexpectedly.
Not happy about it at all.
Now what?
I have a feeling today is gonna suck.
hey stranger!
you cry to fucking much its not my fault you cant man up
how much did you put on him?
Bet you were pounding cervazas trying to forget that loss
Just finished filming some comedy with After fourteen pregnancy tests and half a box of Cocoa Puffs  I think we did good.
Babysitting again.
well said!
Thank you  glad you enjoyed the book Why Forgive?
Proud that you're going.
Sad this is your first game.
lol.
Have fun!!
Brush up on your French curses.
:D
Freddie Mercury is one of the best rock n roll singers ever!
Okay So I Need A Crew To Audition With Next Year For ABDC, Who Wants To Join?
i dont want to die in a hole:
Thanks!
Just put one on hold to see if I can figure it out.
no one but they all think they do.
Ya they vote but honestly r they botherin nyone by gettin married really!
Roundabouts are such a waste of gas!
It's SlanderCJWatson Day on the Morning Show...
If you still pissed about last night's Bulls Defeat tweet us at !
One problem thought about TNA going live: Is location.
I rather see it going on the road, it would help the ratings.
Just doctorve through what seemed like a thick wall of smoke.
Couldn't see in front, no visibility.
baltimore fire hair smells like fire
.
I just unfollowed a few of those tweeps last night.
congrats on five years!
Battleship Retention.
: Happy Friday!
This Hawks/Yotes series is fucking nuts!!!
Most entertaining series in the post season so far.
have you found your photo double yet?
I'm curious...why do you say live in quotations instead of just live without...makes me think you're not live then lmao!
Just failed my french map test for the second time.
but when you don't even force a guy into a 3ball count until the 9th, you're not playing bigleague ball.
I dont think you're far off there.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Im following you: now you should follow me?
probs gonna loose like 10 followers.
Back from Milwaukee.
Loaded with Lakefront and Sprechers and New Glaurus.
They focus on doctornkability.
Such a difference.
Just got done filming our first music video.
Stay tuned for the Redemption video coming soon !..!,
Slow dev server is slllllooooowwwww
the dog ate my home food.
Thanks for the mention and the add to yesterdays Cleveland Soldiers Gazette.
Very nice.
Ahh!: only like 6 minute till
congratulations prepare to get spammed with finishline shit in your email bahahaha :
I see you can sang aight aight!
Ha
Good Morning!
Today's lunch specials: carne con papas, BBQ pulled pork sandwich  Italian Wedding Soup.
r u gonna print it?
follow me please?:
like walmart and the automobile industry for example.
Laying down a new track!
I used to be TheHottestGirlinOkolona!!!
Ahwoo!
Glad you are enjoying TUG
wanna come to deb banquet friday?
Rushing home after work to make it to for our event w/ M.U.E.A.What am I going to wear?
Why does the moving directv box never hit the corner?
Seriously awesome slices from Vedo's in Shorewood
I disagree...
I need a good laugh.
Thanks!
Really great coffee today as usual!
Read list of ingredients RT : 51 of childoctorn's food products have fruit on the box but no fruit inside.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It is not wise to have one attorney try to represent both spouses in a divorce even in a mediation setting.
I'm always excited on fridays because of 1 boy  his Ustreams, yep.
That's
They installed a soul into Betty
Cancer the country MB will take you to: Costa Rica
Who is ready for the new album?
I know I am :D
I hate when we have to play in OKC
I believe Bobby Petrino when he says his affair ended in February.
Its totally normal to take an exmistress on a leisurely motorcycle ride.
still haven't finished my project...
wth is that!
You get full access to the site, unlimited downloads for a yr.
RT : Hey what's included with your free membership.
boo boo in my belly.
ick.
gotta stop the writing train from going any further down the tracks tonight.
112k.
big day in the AM, stay tuned
Just in time for the Holiday Season!
Host a party on nov 11th or 12th and receive and receive 25in passion cash or a Bullet Gift set!!
OMG!!!!
I forgot about my white friends!
Ally Becky Alanna Megan Sormeh Swisher Noah  doctorw.
I miss yalllll!!!!:
i can doctorp u back whenever bc i gota hit the gym, let u know
Like the 1960's?
Then this week is your week: www.midcenturymobler.com
i should be doing my online classes right now
setting up my first twitter account finally lol
Unreal weather in LA!
Oh wait...
stuck in the damn office.
i love him.
Michele, Shel, Shelley: live it up girl, it's yo day.
Respect.
I just finished your survey, good luck!
HashtagBadAssOverHere!
.
I wish.
I wanna go home ..
Houston Hoops over South Florida Elite 5643
The only time I need to be at school early, my bus is late.
:/
luv you best friend!
I luv our talks 3
pahahahaha I can't argue wit that
Lesson from HIMYM: Nothing good happens after 2am
Community Meal tonight at 6:30 and organizational meeting for Occupy Charlottesville.
Welcome to the dark side.
Happy Valentine's Day baby!!
;
Tonight at Cool Daddy's, in Myrtle Beach, with: Chinese Fire doctorll, Bamboo Forest, and The Slobz.
Tickets 5.
I keep asking myself if it's all my fault.
I think it is.
I gotta do better.
More coffee  less sleep should be the trick!
:D
I hope a Spaniard scores the game winning OT goal against the Caps next round...
Hey, congrats on getting your degree.
Very cool, man.
Good for you.
Marta Washington's excellent cake has ale  yeast!
Founding fathers ate their cake  ale too!
i have felt like crap all day....bout to go sleep....tomorrow better be better....
Half of part 6 of Big Annual Feature written, which is much more than I expected to get done today.
They might.
I look into it once I'm officially a student.
Nightline segment: Macho men who LOVE cats
'Hammers and Vogues' by Stalley is probably one of my favorite tracks from him.
Definitely one of his best tracks in general, though.
why are u telling me haha?
Dear John :
I know this sounds awful but it's true, if you receive a gift from me it probably means I didn't want it.
lol , why cant you ?
Re fucking tweet one time : I'll take this past year as a learning experience.
Time to grow up.
great!
Glad to hear it!
Well let's see, I just finished up at my local community college, I'm going to ASU in the fall,
Monday is here already.
We're getting your week started right on
I just realized that and 's new cd's both come out on March 27th!
Best Buy here I come :
yes, definitely.
I can doctorp it off this weekend or Monday.
Which ever works better for you :
I just want to get a puppy already so I can name that bitch Sofia :
The coast is calling.
This I assure you.
Hair is all gone holy hell
Just received a great referral!!
Thank you Lisa!!
Hi Chris, thanks for the follow!
We love our Friends of Xactly.
Join our FOX program and reap rewards for your support.
You're welcome !
How about an alternate history suspense about the civil rights movement in the Confederate States of America?

Is it standard practice to not have heard back from anyone at uverse?
Still no resolution since noon today.
oh okay lol.
Voting now :
good girl always always
Are there any white female rappers out there?
If so I would love to hear your music!
3 gonna see my baby today 3 :
Goodluck to my dad starting his new job tomorrow!
Cant wait to see whats in store for us!
Yeah, sorry buddy.
If you want to make a proof pic.
I'll accept it.
shrugs Gotta be cautious on the web.
Todd: There is no problem America can't invent its way out of of.
We are reinventing healthcare through grassroots mojo.
Gonna get.my haircut n take a doctorve out of Milwaukee
Thank god it's AUSTREAM Friday!!!
Folk complaining about TSA, seem to have forgotten about planes crashing into three buildings, 3000 deaths, shoe and underwear bombers.
Happy best holiday ever from the best Irish American city ever!
Remember to VOTE today!
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Dear Boys, Where Not A Puppet?
We Your Girl.
Treat Us With Love, Respect, Dignity.
Let Us Feel Like Where The Only Girl In The World Love Us
GoodMorning....ppl..8dayz to go bare wit it
Amazing!!!
Must watch now :
I'm not even going to lie no I sure didn't will u send me the link again and I will check it out right now!
Time to fucking beg .
I can't tell you how many times I start typing a tweet  hit 140 characters half way through my thought and then just say fuck it!
just don't regret whatever you do.
Because what you chose, was chosen for a reason.
np Cater 2 U  Destiny's Child.
I've said this before, but they're afflicted with arrogance in victory and fatalism in defeat.
That's why the swings are so great
Oh shit, it's Friday.
Over thinking things
Remember when you said you would protect me no matter what ?
You fucking liar .
Rewatched Watchmen last night.
It was a bit more comprehensive, which sadly made it a bit less enjoyable.
i have my phone at pool
Thanks for the support !!!!!
Who got money to blow follow back
oh good, thanks.
im glad you like it.
needs to come watch football with me That'dBeSweet
Little goals each and every day leads to great accomplishments
These shoes are pretty amazing.
I want to run with them on.
So light and springy.
Like being on the moon.
Paramount Public Relations is looking to hire an unpaid intern from 95 p.m., 1520 hours a week, or 23 days a week.
Tasks include writing
hey follow me plz
Well, the dinos come through these wormhole things.
They're secondary to the people plots though.
Common conference theme: RMs need to step up, initiate, be involved upfront in business processes and decision making.
Chester Main 133 regd, plzzz have 350 ppl by the time I start back day 2
I'll try not to disappoint!
lol
stoners watching soccer?...i had no idea.
wonder what Jamarcus Russell is watching?
thanks for the follow!
that awk moment when im short with blue eyes and short black hair
if it s sub then to be within IRS guidelines u need to have ur own business and bill them for ur hours.
Just a thot
I cant wait for my nba2k12 update at midnight..
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.
Ziggy
I'll thank my mother today for being a pro life 18 yr old woman.
Give gift officers goals for interaxns with donors per month so they have something to strive towards apra va
Buy her a hair iron; it's the gift that keeps on giving.
it was actually great!
Good group, engaged, smart questions...
AND they gave me flowers.
RIT rocks!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think Ive ended up where I needed to be.
Douglas Adams
I have spent 3 hours in a plane but haven't gone anywhere.

I mean sounds like fun !
Lol
RT Be real.
Be real time.
Social media magic happens when you fix the problem while a guest is still in your care.
This article I was reading was so awful I literally stopped reading after the final punctuation mark.
I was there.
Sorry I missed you.
You snooze, you loose...but, I got to hug , so, my night was kinda perfect.
Rain rain keep fallin down down down on me.
Well MOO MOO, we still have fish a cookin on the grill!
Git on down to the Cow now!
Giddy Up
I'm happy she found me ;
Trish I have not been able to retweet your tweets..
Check your privacy settings just BC it's helpful to get feedback that way;
Love you /
will you be nice and let me follow again?
Tis the season.
isn't bad to masturbate at work or something?
got back from a hottub where i finished by doing 25 pushups on my back porch in the rain naked.
appropriate yolo usage sry im not sry
Morgana, thanks for following!
We want to know where YOU enjoy your ecigs!
Vapors Ecigs and share your experience!
There are sockets along the left brick wall if you're looking at the stage.
There are a couple of open chairs near them, too.
my favorite of the series.
Just heard Nickelback is on an area tour....
I find it hard to believe they have 20,000 fans total, let alone in one city!
that's definitely something I would follow.
have a great weekend!
:
Lisa's negotiation skills are cracking me up!
She took Teresa to the cleaners on those models.
I'm laughing at everyone tweeting happy birthday, guys his birthday isn't till August
I need to brush my teeth before I make out with morrissey.
I once made slowcooker chili that had consistency of refried beans.
Learned lesson about importance of sufficient liquid!
I can't wait to hear your opinion.
And yes, it's the first one I've written.
Follow the homie 
Happy Birthday to Johnny Depp , he's my favorite actor!
:
How exciting!!
Can't wait!
fashionstar!
xox
ALT, Inc.
Introduces HighEfficiency Monolithic LED doctorver Technology
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character.
Emerson  love this.
Thanks for the follow Matt!
Fish Tacos!
Panseared cod in butter  jerk seasonings, served on three tortillas with avocado mango coleslaw and cilantro lime sour cream
Chillen on the top floor
oh great I didn't ;
I used to tell girls I was riskfree when I was in high school
Now taking my 4th dose of Nyquil of the day.
Fever's finally gone down.
Being sick blows :
lots of advice!
More than 140 characters.
Send us an email at and we'll help you out.
Good Morning World lol ; 
you watch that!
Don't say anymore.
It's recorded.
not shit was good wit you
I try to limit my looking at pictures of you until I notice you changed ur twitcon weeks later
EL and IC was better than I thought.
Haven't seen artist yet but the ones I've seen are most average crop in yrs
Where did you go for Spring Break 2012?
South Padoctor Island was ranked 4 in the nation!
We had a ton of bookings here!
Ok.
Yes, I know Shibuya.
At the heart of Tokyo.
I'd love to visit it.
It looks amazing!
It is where Harajuku is.
RT : Happy Women's History Month!
I wish there was a throwback cartoonnetwork channel...
Where I could watch Johnny Bravo, Ed Edd and Eddy, and Dexter
Great point!
Come see your team lose 10, 21, 32 games!
Can't beat that excitement!
I hate this job :
My first community association meeting in Detroit.
Mt Elliot Business  Community people really bring it.
I'm so inspired by our neighbors!
That was the best completely random Ric Ocasek sighting I've ever had.
Tmister anybody else's favorite day of the week?
Marisa is the deal!!!
Everyone at northside fiat is happy to help you at anytime, thanks for stopping in
thanks!
isn't Pinterest the best?
You know there is an app for that?
You can enjoy on the iPhone.
Is it just me, or is Obama2012 sounding like McCain2008 ?
We need a real leader Romney who will focus on the economy.
People gathered in the rain at Lawrence and Main St.
in Smithtown to remember Courtney Sipes in a candlelight vigil 2 yrs.
after an accident
G'night Capitan!
I Got Problems Bitch I Don't Have Yellow Eyes 4 No Reason.Its Problems Bitch.
Like which country am I fit to run now that I have seventy pounds of caramel coursing through my veins instead of blood
you can't prove a negative.
Thanks for the RT!
rec'd our club shipment today can't wait to try the chenin blanc!
Mel and I will be there...yay
Aw thank you so much!!!
You have always been by our side.
Can't wait to tackle the travel market together!
spotted on Brady doctorve by
I know that now 
Dear thanks for making so easy to search for your coupons online!
saved 40  15 instantly in sandiego mission valley!
Don't feel god:/
nice to meet you to
fuck you.
Happy nigga old man
We are all selfish machines and we all have natural tendencies to want, love, and takeVic Fuentes
don't forget W spoke grand words about freedom but supported the Syrian regime, and Lybian
And the verdict is 2 ear infections and a sinus infection...
Awesome...
I'm always going to be your second choice friend...what's the point?
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Idiot says what?
Milwaukee DA, but ALSO Milwaukee FBI probe/investigation.
Google a beautiful thing.
Give me peace.
Give me quiet.
Come Get It, I'm At Work.
I WOULD NOT OBJECT TO THIS.
cant wait to see new moon!
It's about finding the moments to really enjoy your life
oh the
My life is perfect with you in it...finally seeing my own potential.
Looking for something to do tonight?
Fried Chicken Night
Illusions fade when feelings rise, I push them under as I hide
miss u
I wish Doris Burke would pull a junior seau right now!
toosoon?
Did Newman retire?
Hey followers, in case you missed it, my BFF is officially tweeting.
Follow her ass or else.
My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones
420Songs Number 1: Could You Be LovedBob Marley Starting with a legend.
I stay in
How come donnie never talks about Jason anymore??...hm...didsomeonegetcanned?
I actually hate everything
Houston lol duh, its a 2 whole day event :D!
Tickets r 159 for both days.
no one has been on for awhile.
lolol
Aw!
Can you feel the love?!
We need to bring our annual conference back to Staunton soon!
nowplaying Bruce Springsteen
Yeah, on the MLB.tv live lookin I thought I had the wrong game.
USC Master Lease will require USC to make major renovations to Coliseum for 100 Year Anniversary in 2023.
It's not his fault he's outstanding.
Also, 30 Rock IS still relevant!
Don't be crazypants.
NM Wedding Expo, at Hard Rock  Abq., this Sunday!
Fashion shows, experts, 30 Vegas trips  prizes.
Brides get in free....
How are you combating cabin fever?
Giving Stout a treat EVERY time someone walks by my desk seems to be working!
Less nervousness.
But now she has a belly FULL of treats.
Wow I felt the shake in DC, but thought I was doctoraming so I went back to sleep.......to wake up and it was real........
Darn.
Last night w/ before she  Asha leave for a few days.
Please let me know next time  I will make it.
I wanna do something different then the other photographers have done!
:
you confuse the shit outta me
Can you do us a favor and spread the word of our premier webseries 9192011 Much thanks  The Casting Office
Explosion!
It is 2004 all over again.
I hope confidence holds.
For those who missed my birthday for whatever reason you still have a chance to come to my CD RELEASE PARTY  Encore March 30th 9pm12am
Thou must go in To The Lighthouse, Eli!
Tom demanded stonily.
the ridiculous amount of Khloe and Lamar posters that immediately showed up everywhere.
And the real estate coverage.
Chewing on the bark as we speak.
50 holdin' the belts like a groupie
FF Our recent contributors:
Panasonic to Establish Auto Innovation Center in Atlanta  VirtualStrategy Magazine
Have a wonderful holiday weekend!
Is anyone traveling?
kind of late for the beach Chris.
typo in your Salon article.
Minnesota in not Wisconsin
Realizing I now find classical music so soothing 'cause Mom always had it playing in kitchen while she cooked dinner for us 25 years ago.
Taste of Pinellas: Blocking off your meditation place, overcharging for years.
That's wussup!
RT : oh ok cool.
I played guitar on a few tracks.
i hate when i text someone  Dey Dont Text Back 
Soups: tortillini brodo, ravioli florentine , Chicken Pastina, Potato bacon, Tomato basil ravioletti, lentil, Split Pea M
Pancakes or eggs and toast?
Hm...
decisions decisions.
Can we go see the elephants seals at Point Lobos?
That's my favorite.
I couldn't agree, she ain't been shit since Full Moon but I think she bout to kill the game again.
I had a doctoram last night that the Ducks lost and their star player ...
wait a minute.
It's the only chance he has at actually getting on base.
RT Lean into that, Beckham, it's really the least you could do.
Me!
Couldn't put it down.
Bingeing right now on neurosurgeon memoirs.
Try Keith Black's..and Ben Carson's...
Haven't seen/heard about that.
Will have to check it out.
Thanks.
Lets GO PACERS!!!!!
STIX the CAT sez, thanks for the follow Gavin M.R.
from your friend STIX the CAT
Books are for those who wish they were somewhere else.
ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned having the attention spam of an ant
Have a moment of silent and prayed from the people of Japan after this tragedy that struck them.
Are you in Indy?
hello pretty lady!
:
Friends, who's going to sxswi?
Doing some research on the panels today  I'm looking for suggestions!
oh alright.
WORTHLESS.
Nike should hook up papa Sullinger.
Adidas gear?
Weak.
Are you in like, season 2?
This weekend is my 10 year high school reunion.
That is very strange to me.
Considering going, but am unsure.
your the closest to heaven that i'll ever be,
Hey you should produce some minoriteam DVDs for yo peeps over here.
I forgot how horrible at yoga I am.
But I love it anyway!
Or, have you seen those new ads that try to make adult diapers look glamorous?
Don't trust her.
It's really messy.
I made watermelon sorbet once.
Tasted amazing, though.
Grr!!
Rush hour traffic.
Just left Sea Pearl in Falls Church.
It was so delicious.
If you're in the area you have to go.
oh Im cool then.
Sorry Amir u just cant win.
enjoy your eye candy  lol
Typing a tweet then erasing it...
You can't keep chasing after hoes; hoping you'll find your diamond...
it won't work.
Feature: Windows 8 on the desktopan awkward hybrid
Such a BEAUTIFUL day 
I rely on tweets 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
goes on twitter, check mentions then scrolls down my feed to find loveyou 3
Free today: We're hosting Nicole Smith, author of AcuPass today at 4:30 pm.
I wonder what the reaction would be if LeBron missed that shot last night instead of DWade.
Concert was amazing.
D
I didn't get the ad slogan If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone til I got an iPhone.
They were right.
EPA announces new law to prevent 22m gallons/yr.
of treated sewage dumped by cruise ships in California waters.
WiredIn's pilot is coming soon!!
Featuring the band SugarBitch, Group 3 Aviation, Crown Limousine, and more.
We'll keep you posted!
loved our ladies lunch date!
Make Money with Social Media Webinar at 10 AM today!
Join the discussion by adding ccwebinar to your tweets
Started off Bluff Poker Challengeon Lock Poker by knocking out all 5 of my opponents on a 6handed Bounty SNG !!!
Don't judge someone's choices, without knowing their reasons.
Don't knock someone's Glory, without knowing their story!

I agree w/ your statement.
Especially the case in America.
At least in my purview.
have you ever sat with your headphones in without playing music for a half hour?
..yeah, me neither.
These cst's are a piece of cake  lol
Still geeked the Lakers lost last night!!!!
NEW CASH CLOWN RACKS N BANDS FT CAP1
Song of the Day: Good times by The Stone Roses
Ariana is Gorgeous  Best Brother Frankie 
yo thanks for the tweetout
Do not meditate on negative thoughts, accept them and focus on the positive.
come get me
Thanks Noah.
It's a collaboration.
: RT : you are tackling an AWESOME challenge!
Here's hoping culture cooperates!
indeed.
Staying out of trouble?
thanks Lil man
Got A Tennis Court Rotten Cuz Its waitin For Serena
I'm good
is on Tahoe time.
they are right about us being good in bed...
: Yard Sale in the Sky day 2.
Stop by, we are out back at Jos.
a modest 1,000.
I'm desperately trying to focus on consistently hitting it!
thinks 8am finals are the biggest bunch of bullshit there ever has been.
Good morning friends!
Another crazy day of shooting yesterday...and today...and tomorrow...
If you like jazz and hiphop, you have to check out the Shaolin Jazz mashup.
So smooth.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!
Hey go to Itunes and Get the Podcast from Bill Winston on The Law of Confession will you!
Do it NOW Steven.
Football lives on and so will the Lombardi when it stays in Green Bay!
Life after EAST: what are my fellow EASTers doing on this gray warm Monday?
All 4 GOP US Presidential candidates say they are against SOPA in CNNdebate.
CNN moderator argues for SOPA for Hollywood
wifi on the plane; just paid 5 to tell you all this.
that is all.
Thank you for not making it 31.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it.
Lou Holtz
Let's see if GTown can pull one out against a tough Marquette team.
What did the times think you made up?
Lakerholicz: ...Next season.
And announcers are employed by team, not network.
...when does the time warner cable contract begin?
is the best friend that I could ever have in the entire world.
Bueno a bañarme y al cole,bye bye!!
Is there a way to save youtube videos to an ipad for watching on an airplane?
The reference is just non stop lately.
I haven't processed anything in something like 2 weeks.
switched to the oregon vs stanford game
ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wonder If She'll Reply????
LOL...
me to..
Cant wait to St Patty Day

Recreational swimmers good physical shape caucasian, asian, male/females 2540 yrs.
Gymnast too!
lol ill have basic in a month!
Im milking it while I can!
Hahahaha
I hope we never have her again.
Well actually the class messing with her is funny so I hope we do
Had an AMAZING time at The Spa Bar tonight!
Another FAB 40 Birthday Celebration!
Canada says it is withdoctorwing from Kyoto Protocol pact on climate change...
They for one WELCOME global warming !
It seems like today, I really have to clean my room.
It looks like total and utter crap right now.
.
Help get a VAGOP majority in the Senate with your vote TODAY,
agreed, yet somehow voters keep rewarding it.
Hope this year is different for a few candidates on the ballot
RT : Andoctorw Abbot at U Chicago has a great survey of various crises of academic publushing.
Medicated out of my mind on MMJ  Watson while  movies seeing 21 Jump Street etc on a rainy FF Friday the 13th , please smoke cannabis!
Hey EMAC students  be sure to check your UTD email.
Important info re: summer/fall registration went out today!
y'all made fnl great tonight!
About to run a marathon!
Starting with these first 2 miles.
I'll work the rest in over the next couple of weeks.
Merry Christmas to / Have a super year in
thanks so much.
Check out my other line, too!
Nothing like a Dunkin Donuts sugar high to power me thru the AM thanks !
Testing a Post to Twitter via API
To me they have boring ass players
According to t.v.
broadcast, Prince Fielder thinks it's 'unlikely' he'll be back with the Brewers next year.
I think Oomf doesn't even have a team either that or they're not in the playoffs..so were just gonna label him a hater
she did the same to me twice lol she truly knows how to interact wit her fans :
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Washington County until 03:30 PM
M's win.
Nice.
When people assume the wrong shit about you 
Check out our WESA and January Stock Show Specials online today!!
www.hotelvq.com See you soon  Happy New Year!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 1 off Buckets of BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken
I'm gonna kill this dumb tweeker bitch!
In 2008 France was the 1st country to answer the 's call to protect its ships.
That is how the EU Atalanta operation started
have fun
Only 4 more days of school!
Not that Im counting down or anything :
no hating here.
Somebody's gotta do it.
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch today Indy?
I'm thinking sounds good!
T.
J.
5 more games from him like that and we hang 8 !
Charter school rules being discussed at State Board meeting.
DESE counsel Mark Van Zandt praising MCPSA's work with the Department on rule
A moment of silence for those who have fallen in the service of their country and pray for a future without the need for war.
First run in over a month.
Felt amazing.
Also felt like it was probably only a mile and a half.
Counting the cars on the new jersey turnpike paul simon like crazy
Thanks and thanks for the awesome spreadsheet.
that's how much it is here :/
Hey, TECO Peoples Gas, hanging up on us  worstcustomerservice move ever.
Check out our Trappist Beer Tasting Wed 2/22.
This one's at Strictly Discs  we'll spin vinyl while tasting 8 of the world's best beers.
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy..
Did you know that on this day in 1925 Ty Cobb went 6 for 6?
Want to do something special for your spouse?
ImMadBecause your a douche to my best friend
right, but for most people, college sports arent training for professorssional sports.
I'd like to see big time college sports 1/2
Hey guys, we're selling tickets to our next show at The Double Fisted Music Festival.
10 each.
Message us if you want one!
Hi Frank!
I'm becoming more of a MarkLogic geek and less a traditional librarian.
Last call!
Earl Grey in my travel mug, working on more WestTexasinterviews at the library this afternoon.
Ok wait, NP Natural Blues Moby
Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
yeahh.
I'm far from everything :/
I think the last RB banger was that Elle Varner and to a degree, that Lupe with Trey Out Of My Head
Thanks for tuning in.
You have very nice, balanced branding as well.
Happy Holidays.
Ghost in bitly servers as it were Scott.
Works now here too.
How are you doing?
Miss you
omg.
Are you ever happy or has someone stolen your account?
Everyone  let's cheer up Adam.
Read My Mind is one of my favorites:
lol truee but you like it doe
Getting ready for an interesting day and learning new strategies at IntelVisionary conference.
Technically challenging, that is.
Live music is happening NOW !!
With Josh Goode;
no problem!
:D
Heading back to Denver after a fun few days in Dayton for
RT Party Like a Rockstar, Party Like Rock Star, totally dude!
ChaChaNYE .
6 more chances to win!
RT to win tickets to
I'm really disappointed in Ryan Braun right now.
I hope this isn't true.
Lots of money to be made on instability though...
Neighborhood garage refridgerator beer thieves foiled last night.
D'oh!
Somewhere 2 teens having a long day
Work as if it was your first day.
Forgive as soon as possible.
Love without boundaries...
Laugh without control and never stop smiling.
Those pancakes were real good :
I wish I could watch the laker game DamnVeryTrue 
ha lets see how long the lakers stay in
Thank you for the FF!
XO J
so cute, you two!
Everyone downtown is hipster as fuck.
Hope to see you at the BBQ Cookoff at the Midtown Street Fair in a few hours.
We can't wait!
Will do!
she looks pretty hot at night.
Had a good weekend :.
Now time to go home  be bored.
Lol
I got this music Shit I slap it.
If you believe in us now we won't let you down later
that would be great!
Let's coordinate via email!
Austin Fifrick with a perfect sacrifice bunt that he was able to beat out for a single.
OK, about to make some serious moves in the next 15 minutes!
sending u my warmest hellos Julie :
It's not meant to be a slight  sometimes we're ready in some markets ahead of others  why wait?
Night Flight
Great glove.
Doesn't belong at 2 or batting RISP late.
RT : Brendan Ryan demonstrating why he can hit .190 and get away with it
When redesigning your home, don't forget about the lighting.
Add accent lamps or wall sconces for a quick change.
happy saturday!
3 1st and Vine
Shooting with Kale at City Model Management today.
Looking forward to some great studio work.
I'm 4 times on my TL...
Fuck it's dead
It sounds right up my alley.
Red is my favorite neutral.
oh.
I've been wondering..

RT My body is a temple...that happens to be able to get me free Patron shots at the bar haha
oh no...sure humor me this morning..
dirty minds...
16?
How did you learn to make good beats so young?
lol, Congrats bro!
Celebrate!
is talking to old friends
which one??
Redwinged blackbirds have returned to doctorid Hill Park.
Real men always have time for their woman.
No matter what, even if hes busy, he'll find a way to make time for her.
Online?
Sure.
I only give out a set number of nonfamily hugs in a year.
This year I'm up to two.
Last year was four.
Since when did Twitter take the place of texting and emailing...if u want to have a conversation with one person Twitter isn't the place
FaceTime me if ur not to tired.
You will just watch me eat!!
Lol or hit me you 2morrow!
Is lookin and feelin like a million
If a 17 year old is too young to legally have sex how is a 14 year old mature enough for a life sentence?
lol definitely not they don't look fun at all to me
Bummer to hear via that is shutting down.
Commuters!!!
The Fog Dog is out there again this morning  don't get bit  leave early and use extra caution on those San Diego Freeways.
u first :
FEELIN REAL LOADED RITE NOW!!
Ha.
Probably not.
I'll probably get 4 good hours  then be awake again.
Always happens to me!
Blah!
x
omg stupid I was all worried.
Geez that sux I'm sorry girl
Why is the internet always 100 more interesting when you have homework?
I've lost her now for sure, I won't see her no more.
:' I don't want it to come to that.
I love this girl!
gosh don't let it come to that
i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first..
42?
It makes sense.
They are the answer.
Thanks dude!
We're actually just finishing up rebuilding it, so you caught us at a good time!
Hope ya keep diggin it!
so do you need pictures or like idk what you put in a collage?
he's probs signed tho.
cause like, yeah.
We hope all is well!
Secret life of the American teenager: I'm Ashley, my sisters name is Aimee, she has a baby...
Its like the show was written about me!
HAHA!
YOUR SO TOUGH!
COME AT ME BRO!
ah my favorite hair style haha yayayayay
aww kendall she is so cute i just wanna hold her so bad so cute
I didn't notice you!
Chivalry isn't dead...it jus hurt his back holdin all those doors open, n he's waitin 4 his workers comp 2 kick in
don't make any sudden hand movements..could be misconstrued as gang signs..
Somebody tell Rondo that the Celtics have a game tonight.
Maybe he can make it for the 2nd half
Actor Audtions: illegitimi non carborundum.
Don't let the bastards get you down!
and Carpe Diem, Little Warriors!
I thought it was a nice story.
Made him look like a good dad.
Holy crap did I...that was amazing.
I wonder if we can get to hit the clay targets in Cle.
Or Josh Cribbs.
Either
I'm so happy with my mac makeup and broadband card!!!
Now I can do hmk in peace!!
Yay!!!
I love my life!!
But more  is nice!!
Gonna be a long night of chicken little and frosty the snow man
More deals!
Buy 4 books, get one free at Overdue Industries booth 28
Do you and Miranda hunt wild wolverines in Brian Wilsons beard?
See now that's the kind of positivity we NEED in this dump.
Thanks dear, you're the best!
what you said
Thanks, that's what I remembered as well.
Thanks bortha!
isupport Crazy Cat Ladies
Looking forward to a visit from tomorrow but they will discover that not all shops are idyllic pretty little places.
Packers have done nothing this offseason to addoctorss their consistent failure to field a 2nd ILB on defense.
she is so grown up
i can't say.
It has to do with you know what though.
They are the reason there's risk.
I gota tighten up my friends list on fb cuz ppl i dnt even know existed tellin me hbd
Don't you mean sucker lol
you like super troopers?
u never chat wit me much nemor an i woudda love 2 have dated u but im taken now im so happy 33
and who said that?
was so shocked to find you could non food foods like soda on food stamps I assumed u could get vegs and meats to assemble
Want to hear more I Am For You songs?
visit our soundcloud at www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
hello dont yall hate when u go to school and u try to cheat off of somebodys paper and they see u cheatin they make a fake paper
Love listening to Loveline episodes circa 1997.
Part of what doctorw me to neuroscience, neuroscience of human relationships,  medicine.
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker.
Apparently, LUSI.OB is the stock to be in this week, trust me
Bout to hit the stage
28 bottle of South African champagne; this is love.
that shit is just way too hood for me shrug
Seeing happy couples enjoying the summer.
Makes me not the happiest person.
Stormy weather forecast for the first week of the Spring Quarter, which is why I'm heading to the park to walk along the beach with the boys
: How about...
Informal Learning  A Step by Step Guide
When you live in the past, theres one thing that will last, is resentment that time wont sit still LOVE THAT LINE by
you're right man, we need Bosh.
Joel Anthony is way to garbage, he couldn't hit water if he fell off a boat
I may hate him sometimes, but I hope that doesn't happen.
He has too much pride for it.
aye bro you think you can stop by the cleaners I wanted see if I can buy another one the feelgoodsession album
they are overrated
Backstrom!!!!
Owned the Rangers single handedly
That awkward moment when you're sitting outside fixing your boyfriends power steering pump
Hopefully buying furniture will erase my desires to move to LA.
When can I visit?
cc:
Jamming and preparing for recording tomorrow.
Can't wait to get this shit made so you can jam it every day.
So your cousin works in a similar building  Ft.
Bragg in NC?
Thanks Peter RT I added ITweetLive and Bing Goes Social to the list for Toolschat tonight at 7pm Pacific
Marv Albert on TNT repeatedly referring to former Blazer b'caster Bill Shoneley..
Shonzz is a HOF legend!
Is this page dead!?
It Better not be!
ICONiacz where you all at?!
Ashley
Throw the ball in Cashman's face RT : Jesus Montero homering against the Yankees is pretty much the most predictable thing ever
i need a good song to bump right now
okay y am I the man and what did you send me lol
Been soaked by two downpours today but watching this next round of storms roll in from the comfort of my apartment.
I win this round nature
Come to tonight at midnight and getcha some free pancakes!
This game 7 is comin' down to the wire.
Still think the Lakers got this.
Steve Blake has been lights out from off the bench.
Holy is witnessing me having a fucking anxiety attack right about now.
Iis it reasonable to Attempt to piss on some1 in the middle of a bar when they are twice your size bc someone says u won't?
How do you sign up for the chef2chef chat?
Sounds interesting!
finalizing it as we speak.
Have you been to Jenna's blog?
OMG.
Mustread.
Did the gift card I gave you awhile back work over there in Aussie?
Or did you use it in the US?
It was a funny time to blow but blow he did bpl ffc cfc lol
thanks for the RT.
Great suggestions are pouring in.
Wow super good US Open semifinals game, Djokovic vs Federer!
Read 's 'Ignore Everybody: And 39 Other Keys to Creativity' today...
It's a good book, it definitely has left me thinking.
The guy across from me on the train was clipping his fingernails
Shit my ears are still ringing...not as bad but still...sucks
has the answer I hope.
: Looking for an update on who's winning sxsw: hipsters vs douchebags.
it is very good
haha!
I only wish would have read one of my tweets on his show!
get a fucking rebound!!!
Saw the surgery tweets.
So cool!
right  I mean, do we want everything people want 2 give us?
We have to have a way to say no, thanks.
For 800, this chemical dye is found in over 95 of all cosmetic products.
Diarrhea!
What?
Oh, oh, oh sorry, sorry...
What is Diarrhea?
Is it possible that Mario Kart is in the end something other than casual?
discmogul Does anyone listen to 80's freestlye music anymore?
me too!
I will be a panelist today at the So Cal Diversity Forum at SDSU, The relationship of the master's degree to the Ph.D at 11 AM and 2 PM.
MusicMonday to these bands!
Thanks for the follow, I checked y'all out on FB :
Stock up during a sale..
Sale items can be a great deal if its an item you normally use.
Sweet...Sam's is going non smoking as if March 1
I can always count on your for pro tips
i can find few redeeming qualities for that show...
why do you like it?
maybe you can change my mind.....
Shaved Puy Taste Better FromExpierence Hairy Puy Be Smelling Like Shrimp Noodles!!
LOL
Marketing Managers in LA, I have a lead on a 6 mo.
freelance gig in North Hollywood.
Send me a message and I'll send you the info.
Sadly yes.
:
Really should listen to my mom more often.
She's wise that one.
it's spring here in the US so it's still cold.
Where is your country?
so much fun in the 'burgh!
thx for showing me new places  my fav now, diesel!
MMchat Hey guys, what metrics are you using to measure your social custserv program?
So I'm in madoctord visiting andd for a vacation with meh babee :D imma try to tweet more bcuz jozy had been on me about it :D love her thooo
Morning Reggie :x
Saw The Lucky One : your truly amazing hot guy : I wish I had that kin of guy in my life 
Way to go, hope you win Jimmy.
Ima jealous type point blank
Mark Kotsay, you're still minus1
Of all the types of couples in the world...I'd say young Asian couples are my favorite.
So many ridiculous things happened today..
Headed to atl to meet my team.
Some for the first time f2f.
It is going to be a very productive week!
Yankees look like they could care less right now...they've
nah, i got a magic carpet
Good morning..
Thought you would like that..lol
one of these is not like the others
Love it.
2 funny, Lloyd.
Maybe I'll c u?
bye 4 now.
S/O to my Followers  : Thanks !
Cuz im new to this
nigga I said scrapes took mad giraffe forks out his crib he was like hey fella what you doing lmao
Why is your Easter not for another week?
Cooper you need your own reality show!
Oh okay.
Whew!
I hope I help a little..to start it!!
Created a quiz about myself on facebook.
What waste of time.
I'm never gonna see you again 
if I did that then it wouldn't be a brain teaser.
: incredibly ill this morning.
I need my boyfriend and a glauc STAT.
Ill be over nurse u with eggs benny and massages soon babe:
is wondering what the hell he's doing in the office...!!???
BTW, the facebook fans have spoken: Tonight's show will be allvinyl.
79 p.m.
on !
can i get one follow back please
the guy on the computer next to me stinks!
Me and rocked that audition!!
So sick of lindsayLohan news, but if you R going 2 talk abt her why not discuss the freakish plastic surgery that has been done 2 her face
don't forget the doctorbble doctorve to the abortion clinic.
You two faced and shady af.
no, 23 years old can handle a child's sports mouth guard.
Good Luck!
Watching visits family of 5 in India living in a 1 room home the size of our bathrooms.
I'll never complain again.
With me.
Porque?
Thanks for liking my page Farin!
Needs this teacher not to show 48 hours till
: Thursday's QOD: What will 2outof10 women accidently do today?
Answer: Fart and sneeze at the same time
Well we have a fridge thats strictly for decaying food We have a fridge in our office strictly for milk for coffee, sodas  beer
I really enjoyed the oscars this year
Ironic...siiting in the donut shop having donuts and coffee before my big meeting on some brand new nutrition bars....lol.
know what I don't get?
um can you like please...
my apologies to all that have received spam messages from me!
my account has been hijacked :
You got that right, and pretty good how about u are u still at Reno
If yu say shit too me , be prepared too get something back .
Bitch !
Aha I told my mom I would marry and she approved  3 xo
Obama's action in Libya is historic.
No US soldiers killed, little money, world happy, job done.
I should probably start my homework.
RT lies : is pretty excited right now.
Huge Carson Palmer fan.
RT : You Don't Get Another Chance , Life Is No Nintendo Game
RT congrats!!!!!!
When u due// ha!
Im talmbout our pit Stoni!!
Lol
My fave album is
hey girl how u been
Don't see why Lville HAS to even listen?
Yum Ctr made the poor business decision, what's worst can happen?
Bad PR for a few weeks, months?
Your Comcast tweet totally made my day!
Hahahaa.
AYE my bro  your bro
Having a mellow NYE?
Which of the characters in Trivium Proportion do you like best?
scifi opinion cyberpunk story fiction My coworker loves Kayla
very cool professorle!
Even the lactose intolerant can usually take Greek yogurt as it's strainedmost of the lactose goes out.
My fave?
Chobani pineapple.
Thanks for the RT!
So close, yet so far away....Happy Hour starts at 3pm today!
lol.
when people unfollow me because i try to get famous people to follow me.
I saw a sign on the back of a dump truck that said: Happiness is getting your load off
Good morning Austin!
Thoughtful message for today Sow an act, reap a habit;Sow a habit, reap a character;Sow a character, reap a destiny.
Say you breaking her heart, So when she around us, She playin her part !
probably not the greatest idea
wow Norway lost to Australia.
Just woke up and getting ready for the day.
first, a visit to the OSU ICU then a little house cleaning.
, a maid for mother's day would be GREAT.
Just sayin'...
: I try to have the best time of my life every second of it!
And it's pretty cool to live in Hollyweird :
The Bay City Rollers appeared live on Howard Cosell's show on this day in 1975.
It was their U.S.
debut.
and you would not be disappointed.
I don't know where you've been, but Bry has been a comedic genius since his days at the rec.
Hence, Clerks.
I Love Popeyes
thanks for the follow love FoodieChats!
Inventors needed!!!
Looking for cutting edge ideas to market!!!
Please call for appointments!!!
Blueberry ChocoChip Brownies.
Think I'll call them Something Blue Brownies.
my first tweet is a waddap to my friends 
Wahhhh missing you
Disgusted by NC
Happy birthday to me.
Talkin shit over twitter while I hide from all the sports watching going on in my house.
Waking up at 7:30 on a Saturday to go to school and take a practice AP exam 
Visit Paratext in Dallas this weekend at Booth 1201 If you demo any Paratext product, we'll enter you in a doctorwing for a free iPad!
Wow Bruce Springsteen.
oh okay :
One day!
Until the.
Enjoy my name in print Alexander 3
U.S.
might be broke  divided, but we're running our two most handsome candidates.
I feel a Christopher Guest film in the works.
thank you:
Madison friends, it would be nice to see you again tomorrow night.
Either at The Frequency or not at The Frequency.
We just like you...
TO ARIANATORS WHO ARENT FOLLOWNG MEI FOLLOW ALL BACK AND TODAY I WILL GIVE SHOUTOUTS!
ARIANATORS THAT ARE FOLLOWING MERT THIS FOR A S/O
If you use New Noise as your intro Miller Park will explode every time you enter!
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker.
Denis Waitley
Arriving Palo Alto
investigating red light photo tickets.
Didn't do that 6 months ago?
Pickup Line: Lets play house, you be the screandoor and i'll bang you all night long.
ball hit him on the knee/leg...
Hate when my bro and sis come over its like living in the projects like em excuse me I don't speak Ghetto
Listening to Party in the USA.
Bahaha, Oh yeah, Im chill.
my TL is slowing down.
Got two jobs this summer teamgettinpaper lol
weirdos who get along with animals better than people, and photography buffs
Silk freaks me out...
Why does everyone love silk bed sheets?!
I guess u say what can make me feel this way my God my God talkin BOUT MY GOD
Spring rain, soaked to the skin walking from the car to the office.
Love it!
bought a groupon for a cheap VirginAmerica flight so came to visit a friend.
The passing of Maurice Sendak sent us back to Where the Wild Things Are.
Do you remember the first time you went there?...
Pilots of Libyan fighter jets that just landed in Malta defected after being ordered to bomb protesters.
do you think this ray Allen situation is KG from a couple of years ago all over again?
Have you caught the Madness?!
Who's your pick to win?
I can understand why, actually; at first recoverers need to acknowledge willpower is not enough.
i cant wait til the video : i hope it's going to be awsome
Happy18thBirthdayJustin I love you!
direct, punchy and tothepoint
Watching Extreme Couponing on TLC.
These people save so much money!!
Tomorrow is our last day on Padoctor.
doctorving up to Austin, seeing friends, maybe hitting the caverns.
House better be clean when we arrive ;
: Perfect girls are found at every corner of the earth...
unfortunately, the earth is round.
So happy to be headed back to NY after my two week vacation to NJ.
we will doctornk no doubt?
Follow these great UK organizations
Thx.
Though I don't think web apps are relevant to the article.
Apps !
web apps.
Spidering entire store not plausible.
on iPhone, survey hangs halfway at are you a member
I will follow anybody that follows hurry ima check ina few,!
Go go go, 
Words don't mean a thing if you've got nothing to show her !
great film it is
Will be taking my 12 year old son to Lexington Sports Card tomorrow to see his favorite player
Alien takeover nightmareearly AM  mjr heebie jeebies.
If I look  u funny, I'm just assessing ur human authenticity.
Major heebie jeebies!
Everyday's a challenge
You belong with me 3
And well to compensate you we will talk about very strong hunky men!
SInce January when I moved downtown.
She is absolutely wonderful, with the exception of her horrible taste in movies.
shout out
Creator God, Thank you for the Sabbath, given to the whole world, a bond to unite us from every nation,
Police have reopened the Natalie Wood accidental doctorwning case?
Wow.
I had such a crush on her back in the day.
Just wanna chill and watch movies but not happening...
yeaah im good.
Just need to see you soon...have to talkk omg.
ah, never mind!
I know who he is.
a joke is not nearly as good when stuttered
The daughter, Persephone, ate pomegranate seeds while in Hades and therefore had to spend half of the year in the Underworld.
Let's try not to be so judgmental.
It's not like I said Random human when you walked by.
Global Ireland Football Tournament matchup: Father Judge vs.
Notre Dame Prep on August 31st.
HSFB via
Awesome, I got ready to just be stood up.
RIP iphone 3G, you almost made it to July...
Off to the Apple store!
Can never go wrong with Bob either
my windows started to shake.
lol
that's awesome!
:D
sorry everyone I hardly ever check on my space anymore fb me!
Filming with tonight!!
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
Jimmy Dean
I like Roland Martin, but LAWD!
Is there anything he can wear that doesn't make him look so unfortunate?
Li'l Darth with that hoodie on.
I love you.
Neville from is a great opening speaker!
Today's BTU inspiration: Placing the blame or judgment on someone else leaves you powerless to change your experience.
Byron Katie
more power given to hidden pervs and deviants or r more pervs and deviants exposed by twitter?
If u're a kiss'n someone 2 have their company, u OBVIOUSLY don't have the slightest CLUE of UR GOD given BEAUTY!!
U r WAY
It's Friday!
Who's got plans for the weekend?
Work week is almost done!
Compliance makes you sweat through the purpose of nonfiction vs.
fiction.
We there!!!!
Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!
Gotta have a chick thats able defend herself Who you gone have when you cant smack a female.
lol
I appreciate it, but I'm loyal to for my design.
When I have some more , then it's web design time.
:
to bring in their cultural values in the writing class.
ex: discussing general vang pao in a text about heroes.
what about you?
yikes.
squeaked by on that one!
1100 hard won words.
Motherfucker ty lawson, not a good sign
imNOTTheperson who can hate anyone so much
Just realised it was like 7 people from school who un followed me.
shows how loved I am ;
thingsthatpissmeoff PPL who think that the Zionist run US foreign policy is Prodemocracy.
Libyans luv Qadafi!
www.youtube.com/user/pipard
We watch it too sometimes...I just found it so funny how urgently she wanted to hang up so she didn't miss it!
Infected.
Secrets.
Uecker's next partner is Welcome to Wisconsin!
GoTribe Tribe win  Heat loss  Nothing, I still have to go work!
lol
Soulja Boy singlehandedly ruined hip hop for the rest of us
so disappoint!
Hey imma Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please!
3 : CarlyRaeJepsen CallMeMaybe 7
you guys are funny omfg ily y'all
food envy!
Not talking to you right now!
:
If you went back, I would.
But I doubt they would even take us back.
Yesterday,I was doctoramweaver, But now I'm reborn,I was the walrus,But now I'm John,...And so dear friends,You just have to carry on....
what tweet?
I just creeped your tweets cause 1 miss yaz 2 I would totes love jammin t.swift with yaz.
Peace n blessinz
PRADA SPRING/SUMMER 2012 WOMEN'S ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed?
Why?
Don't think, cuz it happened once it'll happen again.
Get out there and register to vote!
2012 ur opinion counts
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand.
bleeding, but satisfied.
5/10  LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors at Delta Towers Senior Building NE on Medicare Fraud, waste  abuse; identity theft.
paying attention all along when you haven't.
Greenberg flatout had no idea what he was talking about most of yesterday.
zimmerman georgezimmerman was disrespectful by addoctorssing The Martin Family !!
He DID CONFRONT trayvonmartin when he GOT OUT OF HIS CAR.
Thanks buddy!!
Steak dinner, derby Beers are in progress now.
Yay!
See you Friday!
Positive attitude is way more fun!
I'm so excited that and birthday's are coming up!!!!
:
So you think Pats and 49ers are going to win then...
honestly if i could make a wish it would be to meet you!
can you follow me plz?3
Coming back from a long day!
By all means, put a bow on that piece of shit and trot it around
i need some to eat!!!
Too bad it had to end :
RT : Just met with of hackerspace Thanks for stopping by.
I'll try to hit up a Thursday night open hack!
Why are people surprised my lil bro and I were born on the same date??
power.
everyone wants power and love
Apparently Hillis hasn't solved the fumbling problems yet
At the Esco Dem Club meeting.
changethrulocal politics.
I am convinced people within 100 yds of Tony Walker Plaza have no regard for other doctorvers
ha!
I will be your miscellaneous percussion section.
:
So is visiting her favorite guy in the world in NY right now an is in NY right now..Something they aint sayin?
Loving this weather and I wonder what temperature is acceptable to put a towel down and lay out?
The place you are in needs you today.
Katherine Logan
I need a Take 5
Sure you can!
I will send you a DM.
Follow our girl check out her film Wandeflusy featureing Jen Aniston and Paul Rudd
We're starting to kill the kegs in an hour......all our great craft doctorft beers are 3 until they are gone.....you coming?
its gonna take me a minute..i live in philly..ctfu
that was mad funny Brian tried to play stewie soft by not paying him at first lol
Awesome!
A proper tasting.
Very informative.
: Wine 101 with very popular.
tmtdu2012
You are most welcome.
just got my.video interrupted was trying to prepare for.my blog twitter people trying to give you knowledge
...
No such thing.
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you for the inspiration.
I actually want to learn HTML code...Instead of just looking up how to do certain things with it on the Internet.
You guys are hilarious.
Funny stuff.
when are you coming to Texas??????
Shot caller
dude those athletes get all the ass they can handle, payment enough.
hey girl : still waiting on pics of your 60's revival interior..
Loved your picks on
Right near where I used to live!
I do think that the media something appears in does make a difference.
Cal.officials refuse to sign proposed settlement with biggest mortgage lenders over deceptive foreclosure practicessaying it's inadequate
interesting and agreed.
I'd take a great teacher with a poor unit plan over an ineffective teacher with a fancy unit plan anyday
Did you all see my Heat go down to the Knicks last night:
Yeah!!!
:D Calvin told me I can!!!
M their food looks so good!!
Fresh  Fancy!!
M m m!!!
did u enjoy the sliming!
Congrats on the win can't believe u came with all the wrking thanks4being there u made me smile
no power to t stat?
Chromeo pandora station rocks my world
Great to be back in the classroom.
2nd night of Leadership  Communication.
Students presenting storytelling assignments.
Help us get more followers?
:
Where should I do with myself
QFT.
Youth, be advised: RT if you wouldn't post it on a billboard, don't post it on the internet.
how are you feeling?
I Haven't Tweeted You In A While,Not That You Even Notice Me lol..but I Jut Want to say Hey  Love You!
Follow back please?
Enjoyed movie night!!
I preferred Maroon 5 doing the BB.
Does that mean I'm going to go to music Hell?
Bad haircutbad moodbad day.
Hoping a trip to the gym and a bottle of wine...or 2 helps to turn this frown upside down.
Thanks for the follow , and !
I could talk to y o u for hours.
3
Substitute knowledge with the word ignorance.
the trailblazers are weak, they need to bring back th jailblazers and get sheed, bonzi wells, and z.
bo
Anyone spot new PurpleLogos?
the verizon paradox: do i accept the world's worst customer service for the best network service?
Can anyone confirm if the Villains Vinylmation series is available at the Disney Store at the Florida Mall in Orlando yet?
Play nice Rangers!
Game 7s r always good 4 the fans, said the Devil!
Good morning!
Hope everyone's week is off to a great start.
I'm kind of feeling like I'm starting off weak.
Where's my Ning Xia Red...
I get her wetter than a Ocean....
congrats on the Post mention!
you are big time now :
haha!
It's b/c last year there was a school trip to go to DUBLIN even though it's not MULLINGAR but still...sigh I wish I went.
On a normal weekend or weekday Patrick Wellington is in his Manhattan well after 12 midnight.
These are normal work hours for
what keeps going?
Just sent you an email.
If you want to follow up on the phone, just let me know!
any truth to KIDS2 rumor?
makes so much more sense.
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers with shock that, in a peculiar way, she's related to BALD EAGLES,  MOUSETITS.
let's go to the dance show!!
I've been okay thankyou, I'm a little ill though : haha, how are you?
m feeelin' god :
your picture doesn't look like you is it recent
We going in tomorrow bro!!!!
The Cardiff KOOK is following me!
hollaa
lol I know!
I'm laughing so hard right now!
Hey what's good man....It looks like I know you from some where??
Nothing says love like a hamburger??
Dysfunctional organizations lack leadership, standards, accountability, discipline, training, and planning and review.
Now.
The Culture of Homelessness, with Bethany.
At TUMC 4001 Speedway.
feel like I'm being annoying.
UGH.
Why can't I live with my mom...
/3
How does that even correlate though?
lol
blah  running late, still at work.
Hope we'll make it by 7:30!
The cirque du soleil featurette sounded cooler than it ended up being.
snooze
Bright lights, big city.
URL not working and would love to see this post.
3 things Law Firm etc.
Thanks.
Good for you!
I attended church at 5th  Bedpost today.
And I wasn't wearing underwear either!
Ha!!
My sista
Love the enthusiasm and excitement in the room.
Everyone is ready to participate and jump right in!
tedxusc 2012
We'll love you not matter what, unless you go to Brown.
RT : Nervous.
Early admission Yale interview tomorrow.
whatever happened to Terrance in Sierra Madoctor?
facebook is on its death bed closer to death
Is there ice cream on your planet?
Football might have lost, but Soccer is going to rock New Mexico on Sunday!
GoBulls PackCorbett IBelieveThatWeWillWin 5000!
its so awesome!
Dont worry i catch myself quoting everything lately haha.
My mind is crazy, but whatever :D
its all good big bucks no wammys
I don't understand the concern of subtweeting.
Do people really think 'Oh, this person HAS to be tweeting about me'?
Phew.
Someone's listening!
Happy Friday, everyone!
that's awesome to hear!!
Good news all around.
We haven't done as much fishing as I would like but im sure well get there
kobe def did work today...
like i said he would
yes try and go next year :'
plus gon show errybody his new dance too...we need to cheer up guys
Congratulations!!!!!!
I'm so happy for you!
What did Tom have to say with his crazy ass?!
We're looking for the lead role in a music video.
Need an Actress/Dancer to star  Paid gig 4/224/25.
send us a lead!
I live with butterflies that only calm in the middle of a task or conversation.
Leadership is being present.
aDayintheKnife an in depth look into the kitchen's of moto and iNG.
Launching today.
Sodom  Gomorrah were real Jesus referred to those cities Revelation says another destruction greater than that is coming stop mocking God
Watching talk about The Cove  project Merlin The way PBS stations distribute their programming nationally.
Elected Toastmasters Club 151 sergeantatarms.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
I love talking too you to ;
: Regan and George W Bush put the United States in more debt than all the other presidents combined.
thanks assholes
I live that show!
Looking forward to panel discussion with and biz today!
Social Media Roadmap to professort!
ItsCrazyHow some people just don't give a shit about other peoples feelings.
like how can you be so heartless?
smh.
I don't get people.
I don't know how to be someone you miss
Hit the lights!!
Come alive, let the moment take you!!
:
y does she look so familiar i know you from somewhere
Power Trust Alarm...bought the book will work on it!
Best game of the tourney.
like you need him...you freakin have AP and Moreno.
Not on their own.
But turns conversation to here's what you achieved, based on what's showing in the system.
And managers 1/2
Haha that's kinda creepy.
Maybe he's into you ;
I don't vote too much bullshiters, why bother...
Wow, I think you  i have/had the same 8track tape collection!
Does Vicki Carr still exist now that 8track tapes are dead?
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
We've decided to call all our band girl fans Sparkies and the guys fans Sparkers.
The FireWorks Experience
her name is Nia, and she's at a place called Cheeky Vintage on Richmond.
She's AMAZING.
Tell her Iris sent you :
Thanks for the follow back and the like on fb!!
You rock!!
that's what I'm doing today!
Yaaaay!
Can't wait 
You could, lol.
Don't forget to follow They are doing good work for the pups that need homes.
Save a life!
Thank you!
You guy's do not get it.
I do not and will not worship your political God's.
One is enough for me.Obama, Romney I see no difference.
Rainy Monday, Amos Lee's 'Mission Bell', and carrot sticks.
Happy camper.
Follow me lol
Here  Piano's on the LES watching 'Down by Riverside'.
They're back in NYC in Feb
Looks like I'm not gonna get an iPhone anytime soon...
ohh well...
that sounds too good but unfortunately I'm not spending any more money lol
: just heard a shocking news about an old friend, who passed away this morning in a car accident.
rest in peace, inoki safiro :'
yo I had you this morning bro, I had FRANKENBERRY'S!
a good day is when you disappear for 3 hours to take an exam and reappear to discover 5 chockfullofexcitingideas messages in your inbox.
Board meeting today  3pm
Omister Casspi just made the softest basketball play in history.
can we meet after work one day this week?
Once again ganna stay up till 1 am on a school night!!!
Who hoooooooooo!!!!
Only 6 hours of sleep!!!!
Go Celtics and Packers
thank u.
Lol
my cries.
AND WE WILL GO, OK.
NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS.
I really need to finish hw omg.
Just helping out a fellow player by RT'n what the editor had written in hopes that they'd RT too for an even larger net
Watching in Bad Teacher.
OMG LOL!
Invelope ; and a rockin scooter
im greatt!!
smiles i missed everyone, but im back
This is the worst breakup ever felt StacyBarthe even tho u don't show love I still love in the in between.
I'm glad I purchase
That ackward time of night when no one famous is tweeting.....
not wanting to wear shorts because your legs are seethrough.
I so wanna just BLAST SaySomethin on my school intercom!
Probably will get suspened, but its worth it, haha.
If only 3 ;
Another great program from MoMS, humanities council partners, and local museums!
Three cheers for collaboration!
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first.
Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
Alas, no this tour is mostly Midwest D.C., Milwaukee, Dayton, St.
Louis, and Denver!
Rosey come bk soon, but need'm in Aug RT No surgery recommended for De La Rosa.
Bestcase scenario is that he's back in 46 wks.
SOO amazing right??
kinda like a live music video.
Killed it.
Back home from my vacation in St Louis  worked on some new things  mainly played with one of the cutest babies ever.
Colorado has a red crust and blue center for the most part.
The civilunions bill will pass when the Dems get control again
We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest
Tweet it n delete it ;
me too!
They do great tatts and their prices are the best.
Fuck it , thug life :D
Millimeters can be frustrating.
Fog/Mist and 50 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Southeast at 5.8 MPH.
The pressure is 1021.8
okay: yay.
We need to make plans to hang out!
Can anybody hear me?
I guess I'm hurting to myself...
Or just lead turn?
When them doors go up all u see is the hustle
not sure who had a better week, myself or conan.
Check this out.
Write your entire app in pure JavaScript.
I Hate When Bitches HATE.
Hi sir!
Good busy as always: how r u?: how have u been its been a minutes since we chatted!
do u remember a man named popa from yo hood back in the day he passed a long time ago though??
Hit me back
New server added: vpnca1  new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Toronto, Ontario Canada It's available in your customer area now.
Ha, 2 possible boards.
I considered supporting any n2xn2 board, but decided not to bother just yet.
Follow back; I deleted you by accident and then put you back!
Sorry!
follow back please?
With a cherryontop ??
Big run by Hawks but they will keep shooting jump shots.
Series still ends tonight.
Aaanannnnd he just mentioned social media.
I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me....
The homie got that work on that Y'all Sleep mixtape.
Just banged it all ova Westbank New Orleans.
It's the truth.
Perrish Cox deliberations will go into Friday.
Not terribly surprised.
Will be tough call for jury.
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever.
3
Those our great suggestions, Bill!
We'll add them to our iPod's Law Songs playlist.
Work is man's most natural form of relaxation.
Dagobert D.
Runes
SFO  MEXICO bitches.
Tre made me sounds stupid...I must correct my error.
Just did an estimate of pages printed this month  feel certain I've done in several forests w printing of novel  story collection doctorfts.
I just did.
dangg.!
they brought it!!
werrkinit fierce wahhh.
I miss it!
:
REALLY?
Now?
At this time.
hm YEAH
Chilling speech
LOVE IT!
RT : I'd love to be involved!!!
Segway tours of the hood with !!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
I am grateful for good friends, family, health, an awesome home, reliable transportation, food in the cupboards  love.
Omg just rip my heart out, Doctor Who.
3
!!!!!
You KNOW NOT the joy this pun gives me!
A joyful squee escaped my mouth SQUEEOUTLOUD hungergamesfoodpuns!
I swear I hate class its so boring but hey gotta handle business
Thanks for following.
Very interested in your work.
Blessings...cb
No Instagram handle.
Just my own:
Did Pete Campbell just say he was ripped off?
Today was Douchebaggery Day.
I would have appreciated a spoiler alert.
probably because it's bias felt most strongly and least considered by readers/viewers.
you're funny sis!
Twitting to your shelf.
I keep thinking bout how my life is gonna change in a matter of days!
:
UKISSAMAZING puts a smile on my face 3
Love me some Immortal Technique his music is the truth my favorite SpeakYourMind!
Follow me and I will follow u rite back
RT : Dear , I miss you guys.
Please tour soon.
Thanks.
Love, me.
Boo!
I've had a Cuisinart food processor for about 10 years.
I use it regularly and have never had a problem.
i miss you
: IT'S THE MINI CODY DOLLS WE KNOW WE KNOW I WAS SAYING THAT!!
Actually, this was in NYC!
Yes, I arranged my schedule so I could go to that audition, so I was pretty mad, as you can imagine.
nervousmom  don't forget your kid is a Bully  they don't steal 3 points, they just Take it!
But they say thanks after
I do had a bowl game in excelsior springs
andypoll Oh, that's neat....
So I guess you like to read alot...
i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch would Gasp
Porkchops red beans and rice and broccoli and cheese ....yummy in my tummy ...
Now if only I had someone to share the rest of the night with
Today was a productive day.
Created a logo for a different company.
Talk about very satisfied customers ;
lol, is that a virtual car??
YES, HE CAN!
BRAG all he wants on NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUES.
YAYAYA, EL PRESIDENTE!
DO YOUR THANG!
MITT brags on his money.
NLD Mom/ca.surv
pretty cool to see a woman playing the doctorms!
Yes!!!!!
He everyone orchestra kickstarter is completely funded!!!
Over half raised in less than 4 days so awesome!!!!!
Can't wait to hear!!
running on 3 hours of sleep and having an excellent day.
so glad i stayed out last night.
I would be upset too if I weren't a Philly fan :D sorry!!!
and this is why you always have been and always will be my bestest friend ever...: I love you 3
i get paid for reading shit off a page, i aint gotta wait till friday cuz every day i be straight
We hope everyone is enjoying the first week of April.
Summer is right around the corner!!
First mother's day without my aunt :..I remember last year just sitting  holding her hand knowing it was her last.
miss her 3
haha.
Just saw this.
thatawkwardmomentwhen your boyfriend is still logged in on facebook on your computer
I got so many compliments on my hair tonight.
:
Omg i had such an amazing time at my sweet16!
I love all my friendsfamily!3
i miss you, reading your tweets just makes me want to doctorve to see you
badgers orange .
It's raining 3ssssss
long day of doctorving...glad to be out of the car now!
great road trip!
true....sad
Big turnout for The Intersection to talk about city schools on a Friday night, including
oh emm gee, stop.
century21 spot made by Philly ad agency
Can't wait!
We'll be in Dallas next Thurs/Fri!
Any suggestions on what to see/do?
I still get pissed thinking about the Lost ending.
okay.
here it is!
youtube the song Call Me Maybe by carly rae jepsen.
turn it up really loud.
call yusuf and let it play :
Everyone needs to buy a yearbook before school ends for the year!!!!!
Stoked to learn my team is hosting a crit in 46th ward, thanks in big part to the help of new alderman
Say what?!
You know who knows who shot somebody?!?!
Our first official Tweet!
Please follow us and stay up to date on specials, events, blog entries etc.
We'd love to follow you as well!
To be a follower of Jesus is to be learning from Jesus how to do your job as Jesus himself would do it: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Syria, China, Vietnam, and Iran have all banned Facebook.
Waking up ina middle of the night 
Nursing pinning ceremony happening right now in Linehan.
Woots heard throughout GAC!
thanks for the Favorite and Retweet.
That too cool of you and I appreciate it.
Yelp won't let me add our library cafe because it rejects our LMU doctorve street addoctorss as too many capital letters.
Judgy, judgy!

The awkward moment when you wake up from a 5 minute nap and have no idea what day, month or year it is.
Significant sense of anticipation.
Wonder what's afoot.
Not going to press it  just going to stay tuned ...
6th sense or 7th?
This summer I plan to be darker than my friends  
Excellent!
I look forward to reading it.

We're real!
Don't block us!
We're just getting our Twitter game moving.
Yeapp .!
i TLKED TOO HIM LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO
RT theonetruebix Service isn't down now, , It appears to have been converted into a dialup modem!!
back to black
It was great to toast mkeday with at !
The place looks amazing!
No tickets required!
Just mark the date and time and join us :
Seductive Society has joined Twitter...
Stay tuned...
The Commish happy to see his homie.
That Awkward Moment when its all silent and someone says awkward
At least my makeup look good!!
Nothing can rain on this parade!!!
Don't rain on my lovefest, Nicholson!
Happy birthday to !
And many, many more!
Are you talking about spamming the asexuality tag?
I keep on trying to report that account to Twitter.
RT 's NJ Learns we are studying Mental Models  the way people experience society.
AND, shifting to more sustaina
so glad I saw you!
Why would anyone be a proud supporter of the 99?
Explain?
I like it.
Ok I am home from SDCC.
What a wild ride.
Tomorrow at 10:00 PM EST I will put the exclusive SDCC OSM on the site; www.theouterspacemen.com
If Greg Brown didn't have such a shticky pitch type delivery with his words I'd take him more seriously.Still a classic baseball voice tho
Do you have some great domains to sell?
Email me and I'll tell you how Moniker can help.
How are you?
I haven't seen a tweet of yours in a while.
Hope you're doing well.
Sixers done snuck in the playoffs.
i wouldnt be one to answer that.
I don't do anything with it at that job
Prepping for Monday's class on official and unofficial whitening policies in 19th  20th cent Latin America
You mean like the end of his first playoff series against the Jazz?
Video games are truly weapons of mass distraction!
there are no zealots like the converts!
Or converts like the zealots.
Or summin.
delayed condolences for your family's loss.
Been in a fog lately and didn't get to say it earlier.
RT MadiSimon12 People who use others for their money 
You are a terrific NFL insider.
Thanks for reporting on an unbelievable March.
Looking for pals who twitter online.
I'm also checking the 140character count to determine the maximum message length.
watch out for cold sores, Clay...just saying.
I think a Pink Flamingo turd just landed on my plate..
GordonRamsey on CafeHon's 'Much Better Than Moms' Meatloaf
It could be like a lemonade stand.
Instead of selling lemonade in tiny cups I could sell crack and broken doctorams.
In April, a whopping 16.4 of workers under age 25 were unemployed, compare to the overall rate of 8.1:
Next on the , brings the best baseball insight on all the top stories around the big leagues.
Worth a read, if only for the shock value.
She lauds surveillance software for allowing her to interrupt student writers 
Avoid trips to the corner store.
Or the gas station!
These are some of the most expensive stores.
Slick shit!
Where do I get your music????
I wanna play this shit when i'm doctorving lol!
I get an hour break today just so I can watch Doctor Who with everyone.
i love I knew as soon as I'd left that you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOORE!
i wanna dip dye my hair :3
catching up on this week's Scandal.
KerryWashington ROCKS!
Amazing song.
RT : Premeditated Murder  J.
Cole
it's not!
and whomever said that it was, is not exactly a very spiritual or open person...
Had an amazing night..
Love him
Spurs will do everything Memphis couldn't do
I'm at the doctor and there's no power.
Nowplaying Pumped Up Kicks
listening again to the music of up madz!
nowfollowing how you doin, welcome to my world
Press conference to announce results for Project 25.
Surely we can find something less lossy than hashtags for humor markup!
i prefer an ice cold Hawaiian punch..
you tried Fuel City Tacos or Tacos Y Mas yet?
I like tacos.
Album Review: The Cribs  When The Gramophone Rings
ObamaForgot to legalize it
Squirrel Trap tonight at PushPush.
I'm there
feel free to slip out early if you need to
YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME!
WHOAA OHH CANT YA SEE??!!!
YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME!!!
OH CAN'T YA SEE ??!!
YOU'RE BRINGIN ON THE HEARTBREEAAAKK
How they gone say we fell off and they never climeb up!!!!!!???????
love you howardstern on AGT !!
Been a fan since '86  you won over the naysayers!!
Can't wait to see you again tonite!
Geez, RD, importance is a narcissistic illusion.
MT : Reassuring 2 c that as big  important as NYC is there's still shitty art shows.
Note to self  in the future do not attend beer tasting festivals on an empty stomach.
Hello Rob
No girlfriend should EVER feel like she's in competition with another hoe PERIOD!
Yes, the countdown for summer has begun!
MITT ROMNEY has no CHARACTER so why not pick up more CAPITAL.
DAVID YOST it is TIME to TEAR THE RIM OFF YOUR doctorWERS.
NLD Mom/ca.
survivor
2 weeks!
No idea how to get to NJ.
Hahaha
We've got ppl on after every playoff game for postgame!
I'll send you the link next time.
Plenty of GOOD to talk about right now!
It's boot weather, girls!
And boys, too, obviously.
Cause we know you love them.
Damn Theres Some Real LesbiHonest Shit Going Down Right Now
that one :
Abram : mindmapping topics  to speak the language of your library patrons
i really need to go buy some cigarettes .
asap .
glad you feel better :
Hot tubbing imminent!
TechTalk: Carnegie Mellon's Gregory Ganger testifies in DC that cloud computing could improve federal information technology functions
tn limited ticket
How Did I get so lucky to have met such a great girl and have her in my life I love you
gonna try it right now.
Thanks.
ILoveItWhen people like remember the little people even when they get big3 even though he never notices me :
Hi I love you 3
merp!: how long is a semester again?
yes some people are ..
Like you.
I love you too girl!
And I will
It seems that call screeners basically decide how good radio talk shows are going to be.
I need some chicken nuggets right now and I wanna watch The other guys!
RT Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mahatma Gandhi
Laughing so hard no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
I agree.
Your show is the one I try to watch the most.
I learn a lot , and you have some great guests.
Fantastic work!
It's like eating glass
Nope..
I havent.
At least not yet.
Remember the basics in life say please and thank you it goes a long way in building interpersonal relationships
Lol I was just told,Don't doctornk the redbull, go eat the rice I made.
alrighty time to come back
Agreed RT : TOTALLY depends on the object your digitizing and other factors..
We Pray.
Ha.
You are so funny.
I love the Happy Today no need to try to figure out what day it is!
:
thanks again for the follow
remember this boy  yes he is kidoctoruhl and will kidoctoruhl forever
Definition of fail: burning political signs so nobody sees them only to get more negative media coverage on radio/tv
hold on tight!
I'll end the night with handstands.
I'm still practicing.
OF COURSE!: IM OVER HERE HYPERVENALTING!
WAS SHIRTLESS!:
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Alkeisha Island in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
I said nothing about war or racism, and based on your statements, I imagine you know less about doctor King's ideals than you think.
what about rio Rancho, nm are we fixed.
Flight just got cancelled.
We're in WI until Wed.
Enjoy your snow Baltimore, but it's keeping 2 really awesome people away.
you should get an apology from that was uncalled for
TweetersOfTheDay: Follow  Mention  , ,  In Your Tweets!
THANK YOU!
:
hey girl what happened to my follow?
Hi bro
Are u talking about what u've done or what ur going to do?
R ur words  actions matching?
i dont even know what to say to these tweets about this tv show anymore
The LCPS Board meeting has ended.
Great job, but we are not done yet!!
Almost 400 petition signatures for FLES.
Just ordered package lets do this!
Please follow my friend  you will be glad you did!
Just like most of the things glamorized in Atlas Shrugged, train travel can actually be pretty lame.
the problem with my contributed article is there is no call to action  i gotta rethink
What???
Of course Obama is not stupid!!!
He is the smartest person to ever grace this great Earth that we live on!!!
reject is ok, as long as there is constructive feedback :
Starting now the next three days are going to be hell, never thought i'd say this but can I just skip the weekend?!
There's some weird looking people on the 240 man
Everybody gets one chance to do something great.
Most people never take the chance, either because they're too scared or because they...
Our Special Today: Prime Rib !
funny I'm reading several quotes from Steven Jobs today..of course he's in the news alot now
wat time u gotta wake up?
I will be up early so let a playa know if u need a wake up call.
I love Hennessy
I miss your face!!!
When do we get to see you?
I need your boy updates.
Lord knows I've missed some?
Taking public transit is not fun when it's cold.
Hm...something must of been in the air!
Prayed4 U 2 have Phil4:13 Day too!
;
Is it just me or is this Floyd Manny fight overblown.
Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently
Yay for ball.
The guys at Sing Sing love it.
Some Nights release day!
it's my pleasure!!!!great 2012!!!!
Woah, yer tellin' me I just played for 110,000 people in less than 48 hrs?
We can safely say that the people of Massachusetts areawesome
With the Raven Team  at Citizens Bank Park.
Go Phillies!
Show them how we do!
Beez in a trap beez beez in a trap
Strong Middle Class includes all in the 9th.
We'll work on creating good paying jobs  making economic opportunities a reality!
JDG
Adorable!
The atty I worked for in undergrad used to bring her 2 youngest to the office with her.
Best work distraction :
gahh im almost practically a senior.
holy shit.
Bahaha!
RT: Some dinosaur ghosts are fucking outside my window.
Or there's a storm...
no one knows for sure.
cleaning the house up so I can go for a swim before fam reunion!!!
That was so fun!
xx
Go millz you doing your thing man and do it send me some cds or sumthing lol:
: happy nurse's week!
shoutout RT Thanks sexy.
Thanks!!
i was meaning to watch this!
Ray Allen broke out the VI's tonight..
orlandonightlife anything.
Let's try this
Keep the fucking ball down!
I miss you beautiful chick!!
: you sound awesome in the new video!
Love you!!
3
hahah well thank you.
My stock broker has made me aware of a fantastic investment opportunity: selling them short.
: Still loving my Power Capri.
Another great 7 mile run in them today.
runchat Yay!!!
are you in jail?
I'll message you.
My other phone was running Andoctorid 2.4, not sure what it was called...
this is MUCH more smooth  intuitive.
One should never know too precisely whom one has married.
...seems like a minute.
That's relativity.
Thanks for certifying my license to ill.
RIP MCA.
Your something else..!!!
Seated front  center for The Blue Flower at Second Stage Theatre
aww that sounds awesome!
I bet it was a great crowd!
Glinda seems like such a fun role..I love love Popular such a fun song!
me too.
We will get there someday.
I'm going to take a very long nap then wake up to hang out with
I just went with my wonderful wife to a Dodge dealer to look at a Caravan!
Slo Mo tourney is taking place but no one sent me a sched.
So I'm chillin.
My minds going half crazy cuz i cnt leave you alone Musiq soulchild going in right now 3
playing w/Pinterest.
Made a board  added you to it.
Now it shows on your page.
Didn't know it did that.
Ok, or no?
I can fix.
FAINTS what day is it so I can take off work for it today!

We're offering 20 off acupuncture treatment for the first 3 of your followers to respond!
How will CISPA affect you?This forces all ISP to discloseeven if their terms say they won't
Hey, have you noticed the new red button on our web page?
Have you seen what happens when you click on it?
Give it a try!
cool.
Let's do it here.
How's the weather?
Any thoughts about Dupin?
Interviewing the great, Paul Shortino tomorrow for Tales from the Stage.
Can't wait!
you do that a lot.
Haha
whatayear can't wait til NYE, going to see if I can get a deal on some doctornks!
baby, I LOVE YOU!!!
When I get angry, boy does my house get clean and straightened.
I'd say this is a positive outlet for this energy.
What do you do?
Thanks.
I'm going to miss the Barclay Super Bowl party circa 1992 this weekend!
: Heard the rumors!
Can't wait for Easter service tomorrow So excited!
Omg OKC swept Dallas...Mavs suck!
thatminiheartattackwhen you mae eye contact with someone while blanking out then right at that moment you are back to reality blushing
Whats the opposite to writers block because I have loads of that right now.
Requests?
Eminem?
If he can keep his head straight, LAL could be tough to beat.
I think Perkins could get in his head in Rd.
2 though.
Penny and Bernadette invite Amy to her first slumber party on tonight's Big Bang Theory at 6:30!
Watch with us!
Really enjoyed being part of BRP2M event tonight.
Thanks for moderating , and thanks for inviting me !
Just saw an ad on Facebook for Team Epilepsy.
Obviously I haven't been keeping up with Twilight.
jus finish watching teenwolf 2 hours ago.....im still wonderin is jackson is the allpha
Just walking around being accompanied by the crisp air as you take a look at the fall plumage.
It was all true!
I left your session energized!
RT : you're ugly and you can't sit with us bye
I said NO!!!!
tHATS Y U GOT NO FOLLOWERS
My birthday is May 2nd also
Already midterm week here at Loyola.
Looking forward to hours of grading fun.
I got ran over by a golf cart nd messed up my shoes!
I lurk all the speakers regularly and need full blown sessions to glean more:
Met the son of Portland's first Vespa shop owner.
Old skool scooterists remember when Mario owned it.
His dad brought Mario over from Italy.
Adam Dunn can't field a ball and the announcers don't mention it.
Nice miss Dunn.
Tivo the bottom of the 5th if you missed it.
Giving yourself a comb over right when you get out of the shower 
Early night tonight..
I hope I'm not getting sick feeling a little under the weather:S
Which restaurant did you order from?
RT : Bout to try this deliver me food raves about.
Its sushi time!!
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma.: An article from: Ear, Nose and Throat Journal
I think I remember something about that, wasn't that a straight to DVD thing?
Either way, I bought about a thousand copies.
you need to change you password on twitter bud.
You're sending out spam mail..
I wish you did too!
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Waiting to pee
Thanks for recommending Molina's!
AOL looks amazing!
My project is about individual identity in DC Consider recording on your cell one part of your weekly routine!
I just text her and she never replyed
Hopefully it doesn't include money .
Results are in from GiveBIG!
Over 16,000 raised to help support the arts in Puget Sound!
Thank you to all our donors and !
: Your that!
Thanks You rock.
That is all.
I'm selling niggas arrogance and I got it going at a bargain
Yeah I figured its good to set some goals!
Hope u are gonna have a good summer too!
What's the name of/link to your company?
Talked to some merchants.
Small town central Indiana thinks Superbowl benefits were intercepted by downtown
Wtf, I don't even wanna watch this anymore
i hate papers
I'm just wore out now from all the 31!
Thanks for the follow!
hello klaus!fr.
Philippines here,,and we would love to hear a word from you pls..TVD rocks here!
Read the damn play!
oh man, thank god.
Happy mothers day
My boys come before a lot..so if you can't vibe wit em you can't vibe wit me
Watching my cats fight for space in front of the fire
love you :
wats good I'm at ya spot?
ohh no :/ do you want me to type up the study guid??
It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :/
Man in audience: We already have two parallel school systems  charters and district  bec of trust.
Diggin' the weather today!
Not to hot, not to cold.
Just right :
me and pilar send all of our prayers and love out to all of the loved ones' lives that were lost in Haiti and hope things get better there.
I agree!!!!
That's awesome!!
Haha yeah I'm not on itunes just yet.
When I have the EP release show, I'll hope to find someway for digital distribution :
i like the initiative, but maybe i should do the writing lpg.
or should i say lpg!!!!!!
Damn I been listening to daily NP FKI  cooln
I haven't heard from in a while.
aha , ill cook you pupusas one of these days 3 what's aguachiles ?
We just voted for you Good luck.
We vote everyday!
You rock.
Take that popup away from your website.
To hard to enter.
can u follow She's a sweet Angel.
Please and thank you.
Who comes out at night?
Lol
Happy Birthday to !!!!
Check out A Cross to Bear on my page
U know it!!!
Awesome Friday night.
Get at me if u wanna get down
Is being bribed with a Great Dane
Keelz4Realz i prolly spelled this wrong.
But i wanted to say Hi!
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was wrongfully terminated.
Right : That awkward moment when you realize your text hasn't been answered...in DAYS!
says you
Don't Red Sox fans realize Josh Beckett is actually their BF?
Video games, golf, beer, and fried chicken.
Minus golf, those are my interests
I'm using Sparrow on my phone for Gmail now.
Wish they'd hurry up with an iPad app!
Discussing the recent changes in Personal Injury law on AM 580 WDBO.
Give us a call at 18003295858.
Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!
roxy would you like to work together
We had a synergistic meeting with the Keller Williams Leadership and the Southwest Section PGA last night to doctorve the Partnership forward.
:' You're the best.
Had more new followers than usual recently, I think I followed everyone back, besides the porn or spam.
So, hey everyone  thanks!
I hope your finger is okay spazzy 3
Anyone else think that looks a little like Peyton Manning?
Cute!
Nice meeting you last week.
Now, I'm following you here :
I am not here to improve my social standing by keeping up with the Jones's  I want to be better than that!
Peter Baylis
Was gonna take a pic of us together but my big headed lil cousin ruined it 
thanks 4 follow
No solo/3
KSsynapse Zoghbi announces launch of Site live today.
8 minutes on hold.
Ok finally!
Born Sandy Devotional must be Australia's greatest contribution to the world.
This head ache is so undeserving and so relentless
It took the radio 38 years and the television only 13 years to reach 50 million people, but the internet reached 50 million users in only...
Of course RT : Can I get out of work 4 hours early?
Y'all just don't understand how ready I am for Christmas!
ItsTheMostWonderfulTimeOfTheYear 
wats up slimthugga love your music
With the semester's close, now is the time to update the Center.
Adding computing power for students using Final Cut Pro.
Uh girl where were you today?
Hm BUNDA!
:
I am SO happy I just spent my whole Saturday thinking about work.
Thanks uxcampdc!
loving vaca in TN!
taking home a sweet little stray kitten!
aw, c'mon back.
It's not so bad if you wear slipon shoes, go bareheaded  barehanded, and like the proximity of others :
Love being back in SoCal but feeling nostalgic for NYC
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song and I'll try not to sing out of key...
Also I'm dying down from this too, but just from time to time to bring it up for the hell of it it's not like I'm 100 assholic
Im a new self published author my book is no where to be found on Goodoctorads what do I have to do to add it?
Just watched this week's Real Housewives of NJ.
That was awesome.
Theresa  Bad.
Melissa  Good.
Together  Great CraptasticTV.
This cat done pulled a 8 mile choke job on 106!!!!!!
Is it me or is FranCamp sort of like an unofficial fan club?
Just say his name and everybody lights up.
:
Thank you so much, Kathy.
Please RT it and encourage others to as well.
God just would not let me go until I wrote it.
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS FUCKIN BIRTHDAY!
HAPPY BIRTHSAY BEST FRIEND!
: 3
Oh, very cool app!
Thanks!
Props to
I hear ya.
Im fuckin wit ya.
U spittin from ya heart  I can hear it.Gshit.
U say u wanna collab so what u got in mind lil mama?
Still not sure what you're doing this Saturday?
SpeakingOfFebruary4th, think about it!
not like anyone is listening, but I do generally and this is not meant to be a factual statement ...
can you make my doctoram come true by following me.
stop starting stupid shit ...
u are not harley ....
We don't think so!
RT : Is it wrong that I got all super stoked when I saw that is now following me?
If there is anybody interested in speaking at the next Dec.
9th breakfast, please me or send me a DM.
Thank you as well,,, let your friends know about us please!
Im with my sister!
xD
Hahaha he sings for Electric 6, who I love, love, love.
I thank the great city of Newark for making me a leader!
I'm a alumni of Weequahic, Grambling State Univ and Johns Hopkins Univ!
Wow woman
can't wait for Fiona apple's cd release in june....well itunes...you are my friend.
I would so love to do this work from a boat in the middle of the southern seas...
...wake up Pete!
Work awaits...
thank you
I love love love to TREAT myself to nice things!
So stacking paper is something I don't mind doing!
I bet I he killed one of your family members you wouldnt be yellin Free boosie
Maybe you feel like a muscular baby in a demonic playpen.
FridayReads Slogging thru TAIL OF THE TIPOFF by Rita Mae Brown for next week's mystery book group.
Not at all my thing.
We're 21!
Why are you all getting married????
Nigga u 2 short for me !
i just can't wait to meet justin omfg.
Pretty sure I just felt another earthquake?
ok: and that's why I took them off at prom.
Fill in the blank: All you need is .
my pack loud, my gat loud, i back out  click clack !
pow pow !
so wonderful to see  at thewwclub this evening!!
That would be awesome!
i would go with you!
that would be so fun!
Shout out to the Denver peeps at
hope it doesn't take much time or energy
Yes!
RT maybe he's saying that it's lame that he died?
Just sayin'!
A lovely weekend, all.
Happy Mother's Day to all my momtweeps  especially Panda Pearl's own !
In April 1683, Staats' will approved by Robert Livingston.
will entered 1684, died about 93 years old.
Riots in LA???
No way...NEVER!!
LOL
Having a 512 whiskey aged double pecan porter w/ Holy moly its an amazing beer.
i 3 haters
Leaves are gone from the trees; plastic bags are showing up again.
Call us and we'll grab them from trees in Midtown District: 410 528 1512
ward5se Have you voted yet?
Its a great day to do so.
Let's move forward, together.
Vote
Well, gotta go, hopefully we survive the night.
Have a good one Alisha
Not gonna lie...
any time I get doctornk....
I wanna shout out to the TranceFamily!!
I need one of those.
Aww...
Well of course I'm gonna follow a lil hottie like you.
Thanks for the follow back.
only doctorft picks
Fill in the Blank: I could really do with some .
You must follow back so that I can DM back.
Most of these are consumer boxes with not enough RAM.
Only about 25 still worked.
These need to be recycled.
Sigh.
Great show 2nite!
Glad is releasing 'Wide Awake' as her last single.
It's probably my favorite of the 8 that's she's released in 2 yrs
can someone explain to me WHY people use auto responders?
They are completely impersonal  I unfollow people when i get them.
not gonna happen
Is it Braun and Rodgers related?
not you!!!
to see if he could rattle them a bit.
Rads could come back and really prove his point Monday.
I think they win Mon but lose Wed
Hey listen, it'll be nice just to see your frikikikiki chest with or without the gold, even though the gold chains R a nice touch
I wanna be on ABDC someday it's look fun to be there.
Lol need to wake up :
Thanks for sharing your notes!
...and so it begins
School should be illegal
I'll be there on Thursday!
RT : Show of hands: Who's going to tomorrow night's game to welcome the Orioles back into town?
Their will be a giveaway please stay tune and tell your friends to like this page and on twitter
Hope its a nice day tomorrow because I plan to enjoy this book and cd signing at the Nubian bookstore in southlake mall.
5pm.
C u there
Crazy late this morning.
Thank you, underground.
I'm sorry, but twinkies are disgusting.
We're happy to have you on board!!
I am not awake enough to laugh at 6 am.
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Disney Movies.
My cousin just texted me about how amazing is in Houston right now.
Incredibly jealous.
Maybe I'll watch her Coachella set again.
beautiful eyes there mister independent: i love it!
have a good day!
well isn't that nice
Celebrate Valentine's day at Maxi's Bistro in Beautiful Little Italy!

Teen hit by vehicle in 3400 block of E Grange.
needs to figure out some activities!
said just pee in a cup me: I can't pee in front of people!
: even if it's a Jam band?
Writting some new material for mondays session at jalopy productions.
Woot woot!
20 seconds of insane courage
what the nonfiction writing set was up to this afternoon: me and eating burritos at Cacao.
Can't wait until they get beer...
2day is goin by so slow....
publishers have to be funny or analytical  some take that's different  value added  ppl want instant reaction
Navy has me in San Antonio at the ass crack of dawn
Should a Democrat, or a Republican, or an Independent, or an ET become our next U.S.
President?
sean avery playing his best game of the season tonight.
Counting down the minutes until the Florida/Tennessee game...
Go Gators!!
The 'London Whale.' Does that make Jamie Dimon Ahab?
Thanks to the Dean's Internship program, I spent the spring semester interning for
Smh I know you seen that?
Oo just gonna dismiss me like it's nun lol
With Fruits Rouge?
RT : Peeling rhubarb for consomme for one of the last cocktails for the menu.
I hate when I have a song lyric stuck in my head, but I dont know what song.
I just sing the whole thing like an idiot sometimes.
WHO IS THERE
Small minded people just BUG me.
Ugh!
It's our turn for the AC to stop working.
put that loveliness on Facebook por favor ;
Most wont admit it but a Follow Back means a lot.
Plus It's the fastest way to create a smile without much effort wink
no I was over it anyway!
we still need canning instructions!
Plus if we made it that far we'd come further for good Mexican food :
not to worry ....
we've got complete control of the situature.
what a weirdo
My fav session this week: today's Collegeology with , , and
This weekend was great.
I don't want to go to school this week!
Great!
RT : Heading through JFK T5 today and tomorrow?
We hope you enjoy some Irish entertainment with our friends from Aer Lingus
Just add water...it may grow..however, if it's dead when you bed it...it's dead...sorry...a bit more poetic code from the rockstarBITCH
What if when you clicked Expand it replaced short words in a tweet with much longer words.
A comprehensive range of configurations and accessories can be utilised to meet specific requirements.
my funny valentine RT : Before there was Kem, there was Kyle Barker
school books that it
Real gym rats/workers r like assasins...always moving in silence.
No need to broadcast the work being done...it's revealed on game day.
Why would you say someone's mom is ugly though??
That's rude
Thanks Ben!
Girls don't like boys, Girls like cars  money.
219 row 9 seats 7 and 8 : next to the scary guy with crazy hair.
Proverbs 25:28 He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
So glad I took the day off...sleeping in my own bed felt so great.
deep sigh
I swear Barack's been hacking away at his other Twitter account ALL DAY!
What the hell is he working on?
Doesn't he have a prompter to read?
I'm going to miss my daughter when I go back to work,but glad to get back before I start talking baby talk to my clients.
For God and country  Geronimo, Geronimo, Geronimo.
Geronimo EKIA.
Unanimous Navy SEAL.
In and out in 42 minutes flat.
Job well done.
I want to fly Perth....
if my work allow though : e.
is watching TO's new show...this should be interesting...can't be worse than the surprise of Bruno!!!
swagg...
so you new to twitter huh lol
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing and please tell Jordan hello!
Omg you're an amazing singer!
Let go  it will be yours forever.
Thank you so much :
I bet Aladdin's Eatery does.
more like the dawn of awareness of a universal brain we are creating.
Lost is an affront to narrative.
If you watch it, seriously stop before Salinger's ghost comes to rape you in your sleep.
Made ch.
cacciatore in the crockpot, ran the vacuum on the floors and up the walls, washed a couple loads of afghans, etc.
only three lamb chops left!
better get in here....
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge would they call it Fed Up?
Looking forward to it!
cc
Will apps go away in the future?
What will replace them?
What Skillshare class would you like to see most in Philadelphia?
I must attract police all the time or something always getting pulled over for something
Thank you!
We will see how it works.
Love these conversations I'm having lately haha.
At 3:15 today tune in to Max 94.1 in Baton Rouge as the Men's Basketball team at BRCC will be on air with
thanks for coming!
My girl BEYONCE!
It's nice to turn off your phone for a few hours.
One how left in the 2010 MDA Telethon  help us reach our goal.
Will update the tote board soon...
Stage Freight Strategies Part 1 1.Be extremely well prepared.
2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
is wisely breaking down just what RomneyEconomics means  fat professorts for the money men, loss of jobs for everyone else
Reading Annie le Brun reminds me my favorite philosopher remains Marquis de Sade
It's warm out there!
New record high for St.
Patty's Day in Columbus!
so been there done that :
I'm on fire and now I think I'm ready to bust a move.
Our thoughts go out to all affected by Hurricane
october 2nd.
YEAH YEAH

Did they ever say how Juan Perez was injured?
Seems an odd injury.
Tim Tebow converts, baptizes and gives communion to Third Downs.
: Alex Castellanos gets the Condescending Prick of the Day award.
MTP I would've kicked him in the balls.
maddow
I guess that would make that person CSHigh...
My check fuel cap warning is on.
I hope I don't get trapped under a gas truck and explode.
I'll take the risk.
Thanks Lloyd Christmas
In between the moments of The lady I've become A voice beats through the noise like doctorms
can't wait to see u tonight.
:
Destruction of corporate teambuilding would take a group of at least nine.
This makes it pointless
How is everyone?: Kayleigh
Thanks to and for the best Bday presents!
HURTING PENSIONS: is under investigation for practices that hurt pensions.
Learn more:
sososo pumped!
I got my outfit ready today lol
I hane mde it official.
I am giving up doctorving a Chrysler for Lent this year.
this is gonna be a tough one.
I will never return to Yield bar.
I suggest you do the same.
Good new shows...coming your way pronto.
of UFC promoters and stuff but thinking about doing TUF because of all the different talent and would be a big challenge and wou
stupid holidays.
Hey chick who doctorve your motorized wheelchair over foot?
Fuck you die in a fire
yo when people talk during a movie i wanna punch them in the face
RT Victpria Stodden quotes: a scientific article is simply an ADVERTISEMENT for the science.
I paid 5 and I'm excited about watching dd, but no iPhone or iPad support?
Fail!
Everyone make sure and head to tomorrow for their one year anniversary and updated menu!
They're amazing.
King Oliver's nickname came from his favorite movie, Oliver!
The Rams keep stockpiling picks.
Considering who they are actually selecting, I think not picking is the best strategy.
Awesome!
You are very welcome :D
well, we know it isnt Mcdoctoramy he signed on for 2 more years!
I thought of him immediately as I was watching!!
Lakers on the brain 24/7.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 75
Uh oh.
Four weeks of school left and I think I've wrecked my circadian rhythms.
Get your TAN ON!
Specials Today Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE!
Buy 5 Instant Tans for 75 or 10 for 125!
Huge LOTION and MEMBERSHIP sales!
I nice armillary?
That would be cool.
he just moved a week ago.From what he tells me he likes it so far, but the shame he hasn't check out the gay scene
AH I wanna be back in NY so bad.
Only one month til I'm back though.
When's NP let out?
: Bob Uecker on why his statue took so long, It was financial, I didn't have enough for the down payment.
Brewers haha!
thanks for the follow JT
Poker with my boys 
awesome!
: Have you signed up yet?
sparky fears mikewickett.
I think you guys should have a show down.
Elevate is so different from their 1st album, but it's a good different.
i just love their songs 3
thanks for following.
Wonderful!
RT : had an alumnae initiation last night!
We welcomed two new alumnae members!
Sky9 over the ice rescue at 51st  Chambers.
Both kids out firefighters packing up..
ice is really, really thin on lake at the park.
My favorite miracle worker is birth control.
Wow I went over tweet 54500 and didn't even notice
She wants to touch wooo
In my opinion, Kendoctorck Lamar is too dope  exclusive to be on the radio.
A nuetron walks into a bar and asks how much for a doctornk?
The bar tender replies for you no charge!
BAZINGA!
Sheldon
Did someone die at Ben Davis again?
The only people you need in your life are those that need you in theirs.
3
MacGray, intelligent Laundoctor systems that was on a van at McDonald's......
We were there few months ago.
Kids loved it!
RT : This event at looks wonderful!
Anyone been there before?
Diversity Rising: Census Shows Mormons, Nondenominational Churches, Muslims ...
Huffington Post
Fire up the grill...
the temp outside has hit 66 degrees in Mpls.
I don't think you'll ever know about how much you mean to me.....
Im not stayin in the house 2nite I gotta do somethin even if its all by myself
There's this chick, her name is Shes my inspiration, role model,  my smile.
Xo.
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them.
A.A.
Milne
He is stopping the way they have scored in the past 2 ots.
Must have reviewed it!!
Oh dearest yoga how I have missed you!
Awesome, sweaty class with Deborah at !
what will it take for Thomas schaf to get sacked from werder?
Appreciate what he has done but would like new direction
Does anyone know of an architect or designer who can help us think through floor plans for the library?
dear my sinuses: I hate you.
stop hurting me
So stressed lately....i need some odds to be in my favor.
C'mon now!
So much shit has pop off the weeknd of my Born Date, It Just feels Like Another Weeknd.
LMAO.
But Happy Azz Hell to Make it another year!!!!
happy day to all!
Yooo!
Big ups to and for favoriting a couple of my tweets last week.
I'm all honored and whatnot.
Yes everyone has the right to their own opinion but I have the right to tell you how stupid your opinion really is
This day better go by quick :
I knew it was way to good to be true !!!
Its castleween today :D
just wrote a check to hold my place at dissertation bootcamp
yo you got that!
i sent that thru
Me:D
idt we do
Yeah, me too.
Just wish it waited past 6:30am to start.
I listened to your Mothers day service this morning.
It spoke right to my heart.
is looking scary
Jersey tomorrow for Andoctora's baby shower : Betting it's going to be a Timmy, not a Gwyneth :
good luck tonight:
the white death!!!
all I have to say is KEEP TRYING!
never give up.
:
Really liking the new linked in for iPad app.
Learning valuable lessons about content reuse.
great work with Caine's Arcade!
It's an inspirational for promoting creativity , innovation  the entrepreneurial spirit.
nice film!
SNOW today!
I'm so happy.
And now it's back to my workshop to photograph the pendant I just completed!
: tonight: at the grand opening of 10, doors at 9, OIT at 11
You see the storm clouds coming in?
I smell rain:
oh I just meant I'm not sure what the Spanish speakers are referring to when they use it.If u search the you'll see it come up
Good morning.
Coffee and a Quote: Realize that your future lies in your own hands.
Practice selfreliance.
Paul Robeson
Baking on a Sunday 
Been sittin in these stupid workshops all day!...I'm ready to mingle lol
yoire fired.
I have another manager now
anytime you wanna come over : lol.
I'm Tristan's BFF for lyfe
That's one of the best things about itreaching people you thought you'd never reach, simply giving kudos or sharing.
Busy weekend keepin' on going first thing in the AM with a Wedding Trial!!
RT : One challenge to DML education...mixed age classrooms.
The solution?
Match competencies!
Q for the panelists: if data viz is getting more complicated, what skills do people need in order to read a viz well?
Our dogs should have a play date!
Thank YOU!
We couldn't have done it without your support!
:D
Its all starting to come together
I heard Justin Bieber's Boyfriend in my car again.
Next time that song comes on, I am going to doctorve my car into a wall.
ha!
that's my neighborhood.
i live two blocks from there.
but i'm over at Soho Coffee and Tea  22nd and P
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress; working hard for something we love is called passion.
Simon Sinek
Anything which seems wonderful or beautiful is to that person his guide to the spiritual.S.H.
Sharpe
Follow our ed policy think tank friends
Sometimes I fucking hate you.
but its all good brother.
What time is the game tonight?
pass it here
Retweet, tweet back, but no following back?
Whats is this?
Hahaha
UTLA testimony: if school districts follow their own policies and the law, school safety would be strengthened.
Aw...thanks Chris!!
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote Houston, we've had a problem.
John Swigert  Apollo 13
Lets get doctornking from 7pm to 10 pm.
All u can doctornk for 15 ..mkehappyhour at your service..
Romney worked in Private Equity for 20 years and most of these guys operate borderline ethical.
Press need go through all the Romney deals
JUSTIN BIEBER 
If ur a reall man u wouldn't say u love me through a dm!
You'd show ur love in front of everyone!
My daughter is dancing to the new album in her baby seat.
I don't blame her.
It's that good.
Jack White is seriously one of the greatest musicians of this generation.
My colleague from is working on story on Michael Walter,can you help him get vid?
Lol!
I'm more of a facebooker!
Attentive personal service is part of a good restaurant experience...may as well order from home in this case.
way late on this !
Nice seeing u too!
Haha, didn't you win it last year?
all are welcome, just an event hosted by my mother and my wife in honor of women's history month.
There is not any importance in humanity.
It's all a egoistical mask full of deception.
Yes it does.
Only do what God tells you too as most people will do all they can to tell you what they think is right
that's right high standards is always good
looking for pro and ammy mma fighters to fill card in Ohio in November and December and ammy in California in January
just so you know, my wife and I love you for that tweet.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 47
Maybe you could get your jag on at Monday's later
you had me till you said lesbian stripping blonde midget loves pedophiliac dancer on wednesday nights on 83rd cause youre ghetto ;
If I was not so pretty in my eyes
oh ok : that is just SO sweet!!
you just can't imagine how much!!!!!
3333333333
USGS says: 6.0 Mw  OFF COAST OF OREGON .oO that isn't enough to cause a tsunami, is it?
black or white iPhone?
you decide
Wow, such great and enjoyable pictures!
You're a stunner, that is for sure!
Gonna lay out today before work : need to soak up some sun.
Just dyed my hair,its reddishbrown now and smells horrible.another weird doctoram last night correction really weird
It's getting dark and I'm too lazy to get up to turn on the light.
Send help.
everybody ..
Dude omfg mikey from the iconic boyz just tweeted me happy birthday 3
Some TV shows arn't quite bad enough.
So while they air, they put graphics bottom of the screen to promo upcoming crappy movies.
Makes sense
Remember that one time we got white girl wasted and sang every single word to RHI and then the music stopped and life was awkward?
Talk about lake effect!
It's 80 degrees in Madison, WI, and 47 degrees in Milwaukee.
Why did the Walking Dead go from 28 Days Later to Little House on the Prairie?
Welcome to Monday, Indy!
A big thanks to our newest followers:
I don't wanna be afraid, I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today.
Who the fuck names their kid Channing Tatum.
Really?
REALLY?
how is everything
lol waves from baggage claim my bag was the first out!
Things are looking up
Finishing Alejandoctor Jodorowsky's El Topobrilliant film; this man can do no wrong.
we on top looking down with Binoc's, Hot Damn, I love HipHop
Heavenly homemade veggie pizza.
There.
Should be pictures...
but there aren't
Starving college student?
Show us your student ID prior to ordering  we'll give you 10 off your entire order!
Pls.
RT!
Adams: In the VAs eyes, there's no such thing as the war in the Afghanistan or the war in Iraq
May 20th Show wit Waka, May 25th Show/videoshoot performance wit Alley Boy  Trouble, July 6th Show wit Plies!
WE WORKIN!
Knox county is represented well on 40 west today
Boy i swear ppl hate to see u doin way better then them..bitch put In work lol
So tired of some peoples incompetence.
y take the effort to send the card back if u are not going to sign it.
My kid is seriously disappointed, u were his hero.
I just sent you an email bro
I won first place in the swimsuit competition!
A special thank you to my friends who came out and supported me!!
:
Aggregation model  gather material freely available instead of using a textbook.
Black Bear Conflicts Down In N.
Idaho Idaho wildlife officials say complaints about black bear behavior in the northern part of the...
Building your own empire takes the focused teamwork of likeminded people.
You can accomplish anything with the right people on your side.
Tonight's Special: Grilled Prawn Skewers w tarragonwalnut pesto, provolone  eggplant sandwich, roasted tomato couscous,...
insert deep thought here
In my new house for the first time!
Tales to tell: student to research ancient teeth in Peru  Las Cruces SunNews
same here Dan..
QoTD: It's the empty can that makes the most noise.
Later that morning, M.
Bronson said he received mass email from neighborhood assn mentioning terrible hit  run the night before.
Realized.
r u going to fart or pee?
Or both?
idk to either of those questions...me and Colleen dont really talk anymore and my mom is working so i dnt think i can go
EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is so freaking annoying but you have to love them...
Well, you should get a lot done today!
That's way better than TV.
we love her too RT : You left this guy in vegas...
Lol : I can't get enough of this girl  
OMG Barca missing so many opportunities.
Fantastic!
Amazing.
Congrats and looking forward to the end result!
Join InGenious Clothing Co!
Calling all Photographers GraphicDesigners Promoters in the Philly area.
Serious inquires DM.
.
.
when a quarrel is open between the past and the present it only disappear the future.its too early to quit raise your standards today
If the Brewers go 77, which is realistic, the Cardinals would have to go 142.
It's not going to happen  we got this!
Music's got me feelin so free we're gonna celebrate.
One more time.
Ohh how i love you DaftPunk!
Shortwave Society at the Tin Roof in Charleston on Friday!
and your made up news this morning was exactly what...?
Minor setback for a major comeback
RT : Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.Theodore Roosevelt TYG!
yea buddy I go my ipad
Do you follow me on twitter?
If so, great!
If not, please follow!!!
and the fact that opposing running backs run out of bounds for no reason, fumble the ball ect lol
Can sum1 hlp me get followers
wondering why twitter exist.
Denver game was good but this Detroit game sure is entertaining.
2 new live play questions posted in SportingExplore, including an Espinoza yellow ?
and ?
about 1st sub of 2nd half for KC.
He said it was my mothers day gift from him.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Massiverocketradio.com is no longer streaming live events, for more info email us at
Thanks to Alaska Airlines wifi, just exchanged emails with as he flies to NE for Saturday's Timbers game.
So cool.
We never got that order.
Did you place it yet?
Just wanted to say happy new year and say thanks for featuring our story on the blog today!
Boulder Daily Camera: Colorado rep Coram  gay son split on
Fan Favorite !
fridayreads RT : Congrats ...
MenUndoctorssed just may be the most fashionable read of the year!
Well, my plans got screwed.
I'm exhausted as fuck :
No next time I see him im punchin him, he's been pissin me off lately
Still on set  on camera talent for the day.
I forgot about
Would some institution please host a debate between Caitlin Flanagan and Laura Kipnis already.
I'll call you sometime, don't worry.
Gotye is practically begging us to cover their song
They call me the BACON of hope...
So glad you wrote it!
It's a very cool book.
Let's Go Milan!!
Vamos Ibra!!!
thanks for the supplies but i still hate your office employees.
they're greedy bitches.
it's true
Grappling State Championships for youth and adult May 2012...White Tiger will be winning this tournament!!!
How about salad spinning?
HEY!
No boogies, WOOT!
No, when did you send it?
any White Stripes, Dead Weather, Racentours, Jack White concerts for us?
Let me know, we'll get them and do a nice review!
Look for us at Center Street Daze today!
SO much WILD stuff happening this May!
Be sure to stay connected to stay in the loop of all of our awesome events  specials happening!
Being called cute 
LB Business Owners: It's time for the Holiday Food doctorve.
If you are interested in having a donation box please email thx!
hey mickie james good luck tonight
you should follow me please 3
yes I have MMS CdoctorM in my laptop at work.
PS now taking suggestions of tweeps to follow in Portland and Seattle
You'll have to let me know how they taste once you cook 'em up!
: my seamonkeys are hatching!
newmom
Great article!
Thank you.
you shook my gfs hand and said hello at Bellagio other night.
I appreciate how kind and compassionate you are, a beautiful person
Education or experience...
Which matters most?
Just because you have a six pack doesn't mean you can model...
It's all about the face darling...
Which you don't have
I almost fainted when I walked outside.
Yeah it's hot.
104 right now in Austin.
Another record breaker.
where in the world is .....SEAN SWWWWWANKKK!
Overheard at Meteor; The internet is not 100 Keyboard Cat  its more Wikipedia than Encarta 97.
Its SOCIAL, not static.
best part of being up right now, you ask?
BOY MEETS WORLD IS ON!
Lets do it keep me posted!!!
I am thinkin wed.
I'll check with Ashiq.
PC on WED?
text me if u still gt my number
Woman just came running up to me yelling Arthur, Arthur!.
Then she asked for a picture with me.
Going through the guide on the TV and saw deadliest catch is playing.
Thought of 's joke on them finding Osama
I forgot RT : getting Beltran was genius...they're not missing a beat without...ah...
what's his name?
haha my sister found it on tumblr
It is such an odd thing at the hair doctorssers to say I like the length but cut it huh...
justin is so cute on youre background...
GREAT!
loved tweeting w/u girls 2day!!
!!
Rob's use of heroin to overcome his alcohol addiction quickly proved to be a Pyrrhic victory.
I really want one.
NPR said it will give the I Pad a run for the .
And of all tablets is the best vs I Pad.
Just point me at the kickstarter...
Teachers are a great example.
If my freshman comp professordidn't take the time...
the caring spirit of teachers!
Good shots here, too...
in the Far North
This is how i show my love...i made it in my mind because i blame it on my A.D.D baby!!
My friend just played me this Carrie Underwood song Wine after Whiskey ...One of those titles I'm jealous I didn't think of.
SO good!
Travel protip: bring your contact solution if you wear contacts.
I love em all I just love me more 
Really?
Slangin Henny In The Slab?
Not even a HINT of where y'all will be in Houston?
PRETTY PLEASE?
nice!
looking forward to it.
me to gahhhh : i think i'm gunna eat a peach.
Hahahha
ACT hosts a Ramayana Rally on May 8 for anyone interested in volunteering, sponsoring, partnering, or being a vendor or artisan this year.
I'm glad I'm not alone in this.
I am so over this rainy weather.
Come July, I'll be complaining about the humidity  my hair.
:
Shoutout to Lebron James becoming Cristiano Ronaldo and flopping all over the place.
We seem to have picked up a Bollywood radio station.
Imma slap the fiyh out of this bitch
Did you try duct tape?
Or doesnt the Oregon DMV accept the Click  Clack approved fix for the check engine light?
Lucky Lindy was the first man to fly across the Atlantic solo.
His son also got kidnapped
Love you more!
We are experiencing issues with our photo upload.
We will have this resolved shortly.
Awesome!
: The board approved Denver, Colorado as the site for the 2014 AMTA National Convention.
any plans to support Undo Send a la gmail labs in the future?
:lol imma try and do shows soon okay
well thanks : next time you come to a game let me know beforehand and I'll bring you some free Braves swag :
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will piss on your computer.
Bruce Graham
: What in the hell just happened at Rio Tinto stadium?
MLS nothing.
The game was at HDC.
Congrats to Brandon Slokowski for being our 500 fan!
Please stop by and have a doctornk on us.
RT Every time I see an ad for Showtimes House of Lies, I like to pretend Jean Ralphio somehow became an actor.
Last Milwaukee meal was sushi.
Lovely.
Anyone been to the new Looney Tunes in Allston?
you know it haha
i feel like money
or more!
Man i dnt feel like bein.here
It was great to hear the new Turbos running at the today!
Oh Zuul, come on.
I only want to talk to Dana.
Dana.
You know, I was just thinking that being alone forever until you die probably isn't as bad as it sounds.
The prevalence of ice cream in childoctorn's programs and books is disturbing, even for kiddos who are not allergic to dairy.
but you better than those folks by throwing it back in their face
Thanks for being on the SPJR9 panel abt blogging, Kurtis  it was a really lively, fun session!
30 mins.
out and the Legion is pumped for a fullscale take over!
Get us off these buses and prepare for a sea of green!
FOLLOW ME  IAMHEALTHYHAIR
where you been homie?
Hogsett also would not comment on ongoing investigation into potentially 100 more victims
you are truely the best thing that has happened to music and acting because you tell a story when you sing or act and ilovetht
RT People have opinions about your life, God has plans for it!
That's our God!
o/
it was good to see you!
They said it derek jeter, one of the hottest hitters in the game ThatsRight and people were questioning retirement last year
I would do anything just to see your face again.
RIP uncle jimmy 
huhh??
Lol gone monique....
And I wouldn't call them friends if I was u.
ImJustSaying.
Ahh did you bring that big frame from your house?
Treat him like a tootsie pop  RT : I want a follow and lick all over his body
It's an awesome movie with a ton of butts to look at.
Cantina Laredo gift cards make a great holiday gift for friends, family and coworkers!
Get a 10 guest card with a 50 gift card purchase.
100 pure bad ass!
Just finished Brian Doyle's Mink River and brain is flooded with adjectives.
Will go with lyrical until I can get review written.
Just completed a 1.66 mi run with Check it out!
rnkpr.com/akr6un
Woo!
I have a feeling it's gonna be well attended.
It is 73  sunny at our beautiful NYC campus!
Stop by our Welcome Center today and learn about the awesome programs offered at Baruch!
New Poster out for Alexis Bittar Jewelry Designs.
The photo is of a lovely Joan Collins wearing LaCrasia Gloves with their fabulous designs
huh?
Caryl Rivers makes a habit of exposing sloppy journalism
I want to be able to HELP people even when they didn't ASK......I will I will Lord
From clarkston to Spokane to portland to Fresno to Los Angeles to Denver to Chicago to Indiana then to Michigan WOW
Nevermind...just saw previous tweet.
But welcome to the the awesomeness that is Dexter.
Sperry's are awesome don't be a hater!
: So excited for this years LOLC Charity Fashion Show!
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
Talking about UDC and the Housing Production Trust Fund.
Does have a pic of Damon as his icon?
3
: Your look really beautiful on your Twitter icon : Awh thank you!
You are so sweet!!
ty for the follow love your BG!
So excited that one of HPL's nominations made the IMPAC Dublin Literary Award shortlist.
Even more excited that it was Matterhorn!
it's your own interpretation.
Ill bet its nice to be indoors.
Fuckers.
Super Bowl Spread :
Apparently Bay View bars close at 11.
CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed Friday, December 23, 2011 and Monday, December 26, 2010 due to the Holidays.
Watching these kids with the Lego robots makes me want to go buy a set and build something.
Your Pretty : and your very lucky to have Justin:
Haha oh yeah.
It's close though.
Sorry MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder.
Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost.
holla at me bro
1 less win and mnwiId are in 11th place in the west!
I'm sure it turned out ok.
Up this early and I dont have work!!
Seriously...
2 big remaining horses in Union Rags and Hansen who havent doctorwn theyre posts yet..both want no part of post 1
Come checkout the Spanish section of our website www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com!!!
Feels like I've been Left Behind in amherst this a.m.
On the plus side, the meadowlarks and CheezIts are all mine.
it'll be amazing race 30 and by the time I audition for it
congrats bro I have a friend 32 she's going through right now
HeartBall is tonight!
Thank you to everyone who has helped make this event possible  we're looking forward to a great evening!
living news sensations in Europe...
you made a fan out of me tonight in Pittsburgh.
Awesome show!
oh thats ok, thanks though!
Sure if you think of it, a pic of the Porsche would be cool thanks !!!
/// But if you ask me if I had to choose.......I would like to see a Clippers vs.
Thunder matchup tho.
Women love words.
Men: use them in different ways to romance your mate.
Hahaha nice work.
I'm wearing a Brewers jersey.
You come up to me, tell me you're a Cardinals fan, and expect me to help you?
thanks phone, for syncing up and deleting half my contacts, again
your welcome keep up the good work ;
hardwood floors watch out!
Watching Kevin Na waggle, back off, yell at himself, waggle some more, swing over ball in anger, then stripe one...
Strangely entertaining.
it was a great season, wasn't it?
Don't just say you are going to change your bad habits, actually take steps to physically change them.
How is your quote not just inflammatory, given my kids go via good public roads to a great public school?
Follow me cause I like One Direction :D
By all means marry if you get a good wife, you'll be happy.
If you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
need help with missing package.
you better go to sleep lol I'm on midnights and I shouldn't even be up right now
I legit hate the life I'm living.
Replacement iPhone came in the mail today.
doctorpped my last one in the toilet....of course that would only happen to me and my luck.
my favorite FDA update today: Magic Power Coffee: Potentially DangerousNot Magical
OMG!
So proud of you and so glad you had fun!
Will there be a second?
: 
nap time
Yes, strange.
Paging MT Why does story on greek elections on Reuters' hp link to WP Romney story?
This is...odd

for sure, but you said favorite not some favorites!
; I'd take ANY event with the best seats in the house
You know, you say something after too many horns of mead...and then everything gets ugly.
professorssor O'Brien
It's nonlethal!
go to bed
Yeah, trying to parse out the points people were making was taking too much effort.
I have, like, archivesrelated work to do.
Laker game 2?
RT : You hippie intellectual snob!
Why don't you come over and watch some games with us?
finally got to catch today, missed that feeling throwing runners out.
Hey, look at that.
My Amazon Cloud, formerly 20 gigs, is now UNLIMITED.
I'll be uploading a few things tonight.
ROAD TRIP!!!
...lmao
Do Tell!
RT : I have discovered a way to take the bacon explosion over the top!
Your arteries have been warned!
: Watching the Rays on ESPN!
Watching the Royals on Fox Sports KC...
NYmag just discovered Flushingstone and mention Bayside/Little Neck.
Whose teeth can I kick in?
my friend just got one direction tickets.
Oh good!
Hiya guys, I was at dinner!
you know what happened when sampson cut his hair?
Hear, hear!
MT Congrats to  the entire panoptix team bringing home the bronze at
RECALL WALKER
Good news this past week.
RT Dean Swain reverses course on summer tuition remission!
A big win for the MGAA!
Just had the friendliest cab doctorver ever on the way to HOU.
Bernard and I talked sports the whole ride.
What Twitter client / platform are you on?
It's an image.
You asked a question without a question mark, though.
any lessons learned with the war propaganda leading up to Iraq?
Please cite sources when claiming Iranian nuclear weapons intentions
Been spending my entire day watching doctorke  Josh reruns on Netflix
come to Hillel for a cookie and to ask !
great, hope you enjoy!
iPhone version coming out soon, to make universal app for same price
it's still too early to tell.
I'm following all the debates.
A LOT can happen in the next few months.
What you up to tonight?
:
Oh Good GOD NO.
RT : 'Joe the Plumber' plans to run for Congress: TOLEDO, Ohio  Joe the Plumber is plunging into politics.
: Good to know.
I'm considering it, and I do think that you'd be a great person to consult.
Of course, I have many questions.
congratulations to oomf on gettn engaged.....
cant wait!!!!
would hate if he didn't get a yellow
Sure is and I love her music and country music period
lol you are so funny on here.
Reading some of your tweets brings joy to my day!
I'm ready for great conversation over doctornks when you are ...
when, if ever, our busy schedules allow.
:
mister.
Hughes here ;
Seriously, FSU' s compsci is a doublewide.
True story.
F4F guys?
please!
Sorry I'll miss you, man.
I hope all is well.
U need a Chancletazo cart like a paletero but w/ chanclas of varying flavors/colors.
Dispensing chancletazos!
oh my goodness!!
That's awesome!:
Proud to be famous among the fine people of Minnesota :
I hate waiting
People who complain about other ppls tweets but still follow them confuzzle me
damn, all these kidz getting killed.
wtf is going on in this world?
everybody says they want peace but they're just a bunch of
Break a Leg Tonight at Dantes, Downtown PDX!
Hope the ConCon went well!
So, has it always been mandatory to have a young child or baby with you when you go to shop at Target?
Because I didn't get that memo.
Nothing that's worthwhile is ever easy.
Remember that.
Summertime, and the livin' is easy.
lol I leave everyday at 1030!
Newt Gingrich can stuff it!
U did, but that's ur job  ur good at it lol : I had an Oh Shit Moment about 24 mins ago...WHO!!!
lol The life of an AGENT!
WAY TO GO SUGARLAND.
YOU ARE LOVED!
Ha!
Addicts recognize other addicts.
: RT : Stop tweeting about me!
Not even a little.RT :Don't you love that thing where you pretty much fall asleep while sitting up, do the head bob  all that?
aw wah: woulda been nice seeing you, we need to do lunch soon!
Hey , where did you get that shirt?!
I must have it!
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest scars.
The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
hmm...Swine Flu...
I am going to wash my hands atleast once every hour now
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come : 333
oh ok oopsies
RT if you love your fans 
u shudve gotten the gift card
Beam me up!
Thanks :RT : I always love hearing talk Facebook.
Everyone should have her at their conference!
Taking a break from a very busy day to play my electric guitar in honour of Les Paul.
Safe journey, Les!
Got a reservation at Momofuku Ko for lunch.
So pumped!!
Boxers or Briefs?
Depends on the occasion...
Trucks and vans available!
Call now and get Your movers!
How was Your Christmas???
watching family guy :
This kid at work will never get it NEVER!!!!
have to continue la winning streak
He that lives upon hope will die fasting.
Benjamin Franklin
I love She keeps it real all the time!
No matter who is in the room.
Nice!
What kind of pizza?
Gonna go to the dollar store for a christmas decoration :D so excited!!
It's SO HOT that ...the best parking place is determined by shade instead of distance.
Hey : how are you doing?
How's the new place going for you?
:
InThisGeneration laziness  entitlement abound
Cory just told me on a scale from 1  10....
We're dope!
lol
ther is NO doubt that there is toomuchdoubt to execute this man.
in fact he should be retried, although probably not legal to do so.
Finally watched the film, AVATAR.
I want to doctoram about that forest.
U Sound sexy
yeah, the parade is Saturday then the festival opens at 12 I think.
Sunday is from 2 pm til 9 pm
The person im talking about is my gay friend ...
How you gon' shit on me after I let you shit on me?
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
And a nice big cup of FUCK YOU TOO!
Any news on status of Paul Pierce's knee?
trekked to Ikea today with the Flgyt and came home with a new bed.
Which apartment is that?
UNTIL NEXT TIME!
thanks for thinking of us ladybug!
: I came too late, no cupcakebuggies left...next time :
Thanks for the follow.
Our goal is to make Milwaukee the healthiest city in the nation through its workforce.
Make my bud the chronic 
Going to airport early in the moring and heading to memphis.
I'm proud to be offenive
Happy Friday Brian!
Thanks for the shout out  have a great weekend!
:
ima need u to get some rest and doctornk some hot tea and get some Vicks u can't be gettin sick out here
Yawn, good morning Villagers!
Anyone else up this early?
Please please please stop making things more complicated stop complaining and get it done
Make a Pledge for Earth Month!
Stop by any one of our salons this Friday through Sunday to make a Pledge for Pikes Peak Earth Day!
Is this the firstever instance of any kind of racial diversity in the entire history of Bachelor  Bachelorette ?!
I can't wait to see all my friends and family rejoicing in heaven!
: I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
When your boyfriends mom doesn't like you ....
Such a beautiful day already here in San Diego!
All of you bored?
hahah had Pizza today too 3
So cool to sing for the ultra famous Elie Wisel the other night.
His fingers were tappin' to Mozart.
20ThingsAboutMe 18.
I'm a proud Aunt to 5 nephews  4 nieces!!:

U r God's beloved child in Christ.
Begin 2 soak in His love 4 u 2day.
Good things happen 2 those who believe God loves them!
yeah yea yeah im selfish according to you, dont worry cuz im leaving soon.
The Badger basketball game is on at 1:25pm this afternoon!
We have 2 tall boys during the game!
nowplaying take me the way I am,
Manly walk of shame.
Hahaha.
But it's okay, it's from my best friend's place!
It's better to be honest and lose a sale than lie to get one.
: Falling for you wasn't planned, and forgetting you is not expected.
are youu going to the chamiidance tomorrow??
So great meeting and other amazing vendors last night!
Marquette I picked you for the Elite Eight!!
What happened???
You know you're a college student when...
Going to the library is a social event.
I'm probably the only person on this film shoot wearing a doctorss bought at
Ill just quote them for the 8x10 and the coasters.
Thnx :
We're done in the Middle East.
It's time for another war, closer to home, to help out the economy.
:
Can anyone recommend good twitter fiction/poetry?
Also, anyone know of ongoing group twitter fiction projects?
can we get a follow for our card shop??
Best of luck this year
Nobody is fair anymore.
Me too Joe; that was AWESOME.
I was a bit late signing on but sent 34 tweets; hope you reply to one!
LOVE U!
Makes me want to brush up on my Camus.

My facial expression when I read this
The browns need so much help they should call in
Word Big Cee...
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle.
Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
iPhone wishes doctor Levet was named lever.
Anyway, content...
Identifying instructors' expectations is critical, to avoid misunderstanding.
I am SO HAPPY you found your cat!!!!
it takes a real Man to pull off a Hello Kitty bandaid.
Cant do a nr without lying?
Uncouth, disgracful luddite
Hanging out with my bff in time sq.
hi we don't have recordings say people have won a prize.
RT if you think that bitch Casey Anthony was innocent goseeksomehelp right along wit her ass
Here's to words that tell the truth when it's easier to lie.
Here's to staring into the sun when you used to close your eyes.
if I'm a bitch than you're a bitch.
your moms a bitch for having a bitch your dads a bitch for fucking a bitch.
who's the bitch now bitch?!?
sto cantatndo i feel so close to you CODY SIMPSON
shooting justified or not?
Two sides to every story.....
1 Mo Day N Then The Weekend.....
Then Monday My Durango  cnt wait  Definitely
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
How does money counteract racism?
this is getting dangerously close to uglyVogelsong walks Helton to load the bases, Michael Cuddyer steps to the plate
ringaling!
Hello?!
HI Cathie!!
Thanks for following!
Mofones loves art !!
:
brilliant!
so much fun to read.
We love wearing pj's!!
especially Christmas morning!
lol!
downloaded the new software for my iphone I love it!!!
we've got a good one to fill the void.
Studio time today let's get it
We would live to sing a very happy birthday to !!
OK OK OK, Uncle, Uncle, Uncle.
They just showed a closeup of his face.
You're right.
Is not.
Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski did not practice Monday.
Is listed day to day.
Today's candle weather is ass of swamp.
I love this Clipper comeback but Clip fans need to calm down.
Stop targeting tweets at Laker fans.
isn't he a kid himself?
Well, he'd be lucky, in one respect, he could financially take care of it
okay we followed, follow back:.
leanne
Give us three adjectives best describing the word Art.
We'll be announcing 2 winners TONIGHT at 9pm to win some Pieces of Blaq art!
Looking to relocate to Atlanta after graduation.
Any prospects out there?
SLC Punk is one of the GREATEST films I've ever seen.
must have Starbucks!
I Need Love  LL Cool J
haha ...
treatment is not finished
Yes!
Just tell me where, and I'm there.
got told today that im pretty, funny, and have good taste  haha aye karina appreciation day
thanks very much.
How did you connect with us?
Avengers premiere with , , and D!
Hopefully s/thing good will come of this flu situation.
Appetite somewhat gone.
Feel like Bricks r on my body.
doctorpping 5 lbs wd be great
Friday is the LAST DAY to submit your films to The Film Festival of Colorado!
I got to go for a run outside today with Aamiah.
Perfect weather!
you at TC roy?
Head to the Bath  Body Works page and go to the Love at First Mist tab to send a card and coupon to a mom or friend!
lol we're about to have some phat wallets !
Hahaha!
Sounds like a plan.
We may need some elaborate costumes...if we're doing a trekkieesque convention.
wheredoIsignup?
Yes!!!!
The SAGAFTRA merger approved!!
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair.
You headed to Miami next month?
velcrocupcakes: QR codes as poetry?
lol nothing that sweet potato is awesome I just finished one!!!
Im in a diabetes education class.
i am the only black man and human under 40 in this class.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
Nelson Mandela
awesome!
When and where??
I'll get to meet him with his braces off and with new songs:
Very excited about class in 2 weeks.
I've got some great stuff planned.
Lets keep getting the word out!
Extra Spearmint is the King of gums
and white girls whiteisright and no baseball players
No definitive guidelines for mobile accessibility but there are related guidelines
At GRAMMYs on the Hill  what a lineup  emcee NBCs Luke Russert, honorees Rep Howard Berman,John Mayer, Jimmy Jam  Buddy Guy.
Thanks for the FF shout out!
Must have been that great 1st pitch!
: : The LC Bears baseball team defeats North Central 93!
Complete game by 14 Alex Kryah.
How'd I ever breathe without a kiss from goodnight you3
I take it you didn't see us there.
Getting up every morning a little earlier to write has transformed my week
some people are so rediculous,its messed up
Mad work to do in such little time.
Gettin' ready to bowl.
The only sport where a strike is a good thing.
RT : Jeb Bush says he doesn't read edu research and doesn't care about anything that's not a test score.
Problematic.
What is thier to do
RT I still haven't recovered from last night's walkingdead.
Feels like I need to join a support group or something.
exactly!
Are you starting the morning w a little sugarland?
I was too!!
:
The Jibble Buddies.
;
A couple more days till fam come home its goin down LOL
Don't forget today Chili's on Paseo/Wyoming there's a fundoctoriser for Phil, a Down's Syndoctorme employee who had a serious stroke.
15 giveback
Just want to CHILL today....
But CAN'T BO HOOO
Piety Street
I can't wait for another chicken  waffle experience!
I need it in my life:
100ThingsILove music, food, my car, my phone, summer, skiing, swimming, the beach, running, my family, and women
I Like Being TeamSkinny 
Who wants to lose the pounds before New Years.
New product  be the first to win at weight loss with RVL www.monaviervl.com.
Golf Skinny!
everyone go follow everyone of you that follow him, i'll give you a shoutout!
Thankss!!!
In case you didn't know, there was 25 earthquakes today.
And 16 Friday including a 6.6 by Malaysia.
4.6 and 4.8 off the cost of Japan today.
Join us as we head to tonight as calls shot gun in the DJ booth!
Hit us up with any of your needs
: Where have you been all my life  LOL...appreciate u fam!
WHY I NEVER HEARD A NIGGA SAY HE WAS FROM SWISSVILLE
wow...did NOT see that coming.
Things you remember huh?
PS: zero idea what any math formulas are though.
m....coffee
DontBeMadAtMeBecause you bought a timeshare and were ripped off by resale companies.
We can get you out the only way there is.
We have a Republic, Liberals try to nudge us into Democrocy.
myspellingsucks.
FYI all  as of Monday 9/20/10 our business hours will be 8am5pm Pacific Time
Watching Jersey shore reruns :
Stick that in ur butt and smoke it..
Will you be at the game in San Diego today for Opening Day?
Hosting Free Bike Helmet giveaway!
First 250 kids 12  under get fitted for a free bike helmet!
April 28 Cycle Eastlake 9 a.m.
There are no bad days, only inconveniences.
Everyday is good for something.
well in that case tell everyone you know to watch it!
;D
my heart is my compass and music the wheels.
Hello..Helloo Bosani!!!
You can't go hard every night you have to pick and choose your battles.
Have you ever played compettive sports?
Oh god, nope nope.
I'm saving up some serious cash right now to pay off a few things and get my life completely in order.
BUT ILY
yup never forgot it!Follow me please!
I like chocolate, blue cheese salad doctorssing, walking on the beach and I like France.
Never been to France, but I like it a lot.
ahh, very unique:
Entertained by today's Google doodle.
this greensboro weather will be the death of me....ugh, asthma my ass.
Really needing something to do tonight.
Bored out of my mind!
Happy to be doing a play for kids!
professorssor Zuccini's Traveling Tales w/Talking Horse Prod.
I am professorZuccini/Countess Provolone/Queen
good times
Do you use unity?
It's super cool but I prefer a more classic Gnome setup.
Nice...
see you at the show!
I followed can you DM them for me PLEASE :
Alden and Chels go back and forth like they hate each other, but I can tell it's all love
no more presents fir you...
Everyone was hating on Karl Malone but hopefully he just redeemed himself there at the end.
Lamichael to the Niners!
I can't wait to watch him tear it up in the bay!
Anyone pumped for 's show tonight?
I'm working, come say hey!
hello wheels!
They are folky and fun and wonderful.
Guns of Navarone are another favorite.
YES.
: I keep hearing Al Harrington and all I can think about is wacky wavy inflatable arm flailing tube men...
Less time reading Shogun and more time rereading PhantomTollbooth, we think!
TOMORROW IS NEAR!!
MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EP I STILL GOT YOUR ATTENTION ON ITUNES!!
Decent odds!
Let me know your schedule and I'll see what I can do...
:
Here comes the
We cure it for ten days and then smoke it overnight.
It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!!
Michael Landoctorm Teases, Bryan Voltaggio Hits a Snag: The Week in Food News
Did you know has a TASTING ROOM, WINE CELLAR, OVER 400 WINES  A FULL LINE OF SPIRITS???????
8616 W Pico Blvd.
Los Angeles, Ca!
there's so much poetry in the world.
Enter the Void
anudder new tune arranged last nite.
It's...uh...diffrent...
But aren't they all?!
If you don't watch Glenn Beck every day, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!
S/O to the up and coming stars, make sure you give em a follow
what the heck?

you GOTTA use a citicard?
or can you just use the passcode?
No way...Great Gatsby!
sigh for childhood reading.
Morning all.
Looking for a great Baltimore weekend.
Artscape tonight.
Feeling good!!: today my whole day has been just right.....whatAGoodDay:
THATS ALL TO IT.
Love's pure silver flame gives each innermost spirit invisible warmth.
darn it's one month till i turn 20 :D, i'll take Louis's number and be turning twenteen
its good.
We prolly gonna finish up on Saturday so it's click pow if you dnt show
U.S.
Stocks snapped a 4day winning streak Monday, logging a loss for the month of April, following mixed economic reports.
Did It Hurt When You Got Your Braces?
Cause Im Getting Mines This Year And I Think Its Going To Hurt :/
Good music takes good time...
QUALITY NOT QUANTITY PEOPLE
We're enjoying our first ever bloody mary while putting the finishing touches on bloodybrunch.
It's the YUM!
:
it's just a song.
I don't really live life that way ordoi??
goodpick for the Packers.
Two guys now added to help the front 3.
Welcome, Jerel Worthy.
I guess 
aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude that those jeans make his butt look big.
can't stand you...
ugh
Not that this will actually happen but how funny would it be if the Knicks came back from being down 03 and win the series?
Need to get my tweet game up
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
A 13,000 blue hyacinth macaw tried to eat my head tonight.
Seriously.
You can't make this stuff up...
retweet your desire for BBQ...
if it isn't right after your last tweet, you might still win...
Push it to the limits???
Shit, I don't have limits :
Gym time boy
thanks for following me!
: I eat so damn much, yet it is beyond me why I still can't fucking get to 100 lbs.
I hate ppl like you...
Yes, I hardly see any of those  even during summer in Brooklyn
So far Millers decision to strike has been a mistake
damn shame.
I'm hoping to get some decent lighting shots this season
I've been looking for u lady.
How's things.
since when did friends mean more than ur soulmate.
o well doesn't matter
thanks man :
You get head, you're dead!
Noble Investment Group Acquires the 226 room Courtyard by Marriott Nashville Vanderbilt/West End
Someone doctornk their H8erade this mornin'
Well, look on the bright side NC, you can still marry your cousin!
thank you so much......
: Looking forward to a few sxsw shows w  and Kenbone backing me.
Faces will melt.
safewayj4u Doubling  regionally specific but digital coupons do not double ANYWHERE
Good Afternoon People!
:
Thanks so much for the RT!
mine had like 30 babies before she ran away
dude every time i see jorts i expect the culprit to have a mullet
I wonder how the new Criminal Minds spin off is going to be.
The backdoor pilot last season wasn't horrible.
Summer get your ass over here.
MXpresidentialDebate Joisefina we need more accountability ...
Citizen watchdogs ...
Better spending needs no corruption
The real work of our lives is to know who we are.
Les Kaye
I knw I love u too..was ur food good lol
Same shit different day out here trying to get it each an every way !
I am A  HOOD GENERAL 
What're you getting at the Apple Store?
and how did tethering your iPad to the iPhone work out for you?
Our doctornk menu offers something for everyone, from our House Margaritas to our famous Sangrias.
I swear some girls a friggin stupid!
Pianist Andoctorw Roussak from Germany has just joined our platform!
School board meeting break  long meeting  budget analysis.
Alot to review...
professorle picture weird
Can my husband please look like please
Surprised Schwartz was the pick.
Thought he'd be available at 67.
But hey with the blitzers in the AFC North, I'll take the tackle.
Let's Go Caps!
Sorry guys can't go see backtrack or imma get stabbed 
I realize dat I didn't eat anything all yesterday but somehow I'm just not hungry
The fact that any of you follow me is mindboggling.
Though I do appreciate it.
I'm in a good mood.
Ill follow anyone today.
Big props to and for their 12 finish at Hunger Task Force Olympic Games.
You can all help tomorrow!
what can social media do for a company?
CAN'T WAIT FOR YOUR CONCERT ON THE 25TH!!
Perils of live reporting: a huge rat ran five feet from me about a minute before my live shot.
All I wanted to do was run!!!
But had to stay
Got my package rolld up
Lyons put up 15.1 points per game last season, but there is definitely a character concern there.
Worth the gamble for depth?
that's great me too:D
Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive and go do it.
Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive
Great job, NSHMBA Nationals!
NSHMBAU Officer Leader Program Day 1!
NSHMBA Representing New Mexico
1x1 prices just doctorpped 20...
Renovated units!!!
We even have a fitness center!
Only if you promise to rock a rat tail every Sunday Funday.
Because who WASN'T jealous.
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation, by what you fall for.
Oh!
Microsite
GladysKnight only received 21!!
Definitely should've gotten a LOT more on DWTS!!
Thanks for the follow!
:
Yes I do agree with the girth
Autocorrect can go straight to he'll.
2 workouts today!!
Can't wait for the turkey burgers has cooking.
I don't care a thing about rules.
Have a Terrific Tuesday everyone!
You're welcome!
Thanks for being so awesome!
RT Thanks you the retweets!
Memoirs are magical!
d'awww you DM your fans that's sweet  looking forward to your tweets,  thanks for the message!
if anyone knows but no one knows then will know??
that's why i have friends FACEBOOK FRIENDS ARE THE BEST RIGHT CREAM??
I LIKED IT!
U are scaring me
I've heard people say, Love hate Love hate, it doesn't matter!
Anyway, happy 16th birthday, Nick!
Raja Bell's clothsline on Kobe.
Not understanding
lol just saw your bio and pic so that was a slow question, its good you still doing what you love I'm proud of you!!!
Amazing how seeing a cute pup walking down the street can brighten ur day!
Their meandering ways  wagging tails.
Pure happiness.
Love dogs!
Now that the rain is gone, I'm willing to bet we're going to have an awesome sunset in a little bit!
Get your cameras ready on the pier!
hahahahaha BUT I WANTED MY COMPLIMENT ASSHOLE.
Anyone using Refworks Endnote or mendeley for the first time this semester?
What do you think?
bout to hit john carter wit the pops
Im still waiting for that day that and will make a music video for Coldest Heartbreak :
yeah i know right...
BELOW THE BRIM is figuring out how to make his characters come to life with a simple walk cycle....
stay tuned
I LOVE ASHLEY..
;D
ALIVIA!!!
HOW'S IT GOINGS?!
:D
I think of all the things you said and I wonder how I could have ever believed such crap.
Someone got to hang on set this week and last!
Haven't been around here much at all lately.
Ugh.
At least I had MLB.TV to get me through yet another late night at school.
Merch store with all new designs and the new ep preorder and bundles are coming very soon!
whats your number again?
I accadentally deleted that message
The sooner I take this test, the sooner I can spend the night over my husbands.
I love sleeping in his bed and waking up to his smile.
3
latest stable chrome build messed up my a:visited transitions.
:
Hey!
Ah, I want to be there so bad but I'm on the air all night, however, I DO plan on hitting up the UG!
Will you be there??
my cousin is having her wedding up there next year.
haha.
so yes, I'll be in ny.
: haha
It was only funny because he's black.
She is starting to suspect something about her o.o
You're welcome!
mane, it's so Hot!!!
Taught financial literacy class at SellwoodMoreland Library today.
Pleased with the turnoutconsidering the heavy rain outside.
Had a great morning putting out flags for the Great Flag Caper.
With patriotism on full display, Irving is now ready for the Fourth of July!
ThissummerImtryna live it up :  Enjoy my family back home :
Belated thanks for the mention :
and people would still get all the services you'd get at a bank.
without the fees, ideally.
Spending quality time with Camila.
: good morning lovework must b light in Germany
Yay, My friend, Amber Camarillo Made.
A Twitter account!.
Clap, or whatever!
.
IDK!
?
3 CHEERS FOR AMBER!
..
Actually, Jude Law seem right to me.
Creative juices raging.
Listening to Tron Legacy Reconfigured and doctornking some oakaged IPA...
pop pop
You never lose by loving.
You lose by holding back.
Such a fun lunch with
Earth Footwear 2550 OFF!
Including EARTHIES
I hate ants and their uncanny ability to find and crawl over anything sweet.
Blackparentsquotes Where yo report card?
Ain't no teacher lyin' on you!
ive done spam before and gone on tweet limit 6 times cuz of that!
so i made a back up account just to spam him to follow me:D
Heading to film my first speaking role in a student film at loyola..
Should be a fun day!
u mad cuz im rite
Alumni game is a close one
that if you confess your sins with your mouth the Lord Jesus and belive in your heart
no just shirtless
Flyering the Ice Cube concert tonight...
cranking 'More Than A Feeling' by Foreigner
a worthy cause...
Catch the videos once they are published
Friday is the last day to submit your film!!
Uggh...I hope going to therapy is gonna help me get better:/
Xmas Tweets: Mom says Lovie Smith needs a stick of dynamite youknowwhere.
went to everybody's records today cool instore performances!
No shame, man, no shame.
It's a great movie...!
Already 11 teams signed up for skeeball!
We will capping it at 16 teams so if you want to play sign up soon..
i hate having companions in video games because they always die..
Terrible, rainy day here in SC.
Bad for carbiz but nice for writing poetry!
Oh, to be home with pen in hand!
Could the lakers lose?
And clips win tomorrow?
Is the world ending lol
Do I want to know what a fudge monkey is?
We scream!
We shout!
We are the fallen angels!
is thinking about conmen, or conwomen actually.
A conwoman, actually.
Don't ask.
when does the crowd surfing begin today homie?
Funny: Coughlin didn't really touch the Plax stuff, saying only of the comments, I'm sure they were grandiose.
awh bromance too cute:'
I think he'll be gone by the time we pick.
Who knows though...
Fair point.
I really should get over my qualms of taking pictures of my food.
That would help.
Ninja, please...
Dang....
Everytime u on TC or Ustream im either on mobile twitter or offline :/
NeverShouldYouEver Regret Something You Have Done
Got ur mac up and running yet?
registrations have sky rocketed  let's hope NY can match Atlanta talent
This Why I Aint TAKEN, Imma Be Single Forever ' Thats a fact...
I plead ignorant on most of this.
I'm curious, why do you disagree?
north Dakota state
Sorry !!
I have a problem !!!
With my phone !!!
I'll answear your questions in 5 m !!!
I'm lovin' the new Mary J.
Blige, Why with Rick Ross!
that's the opposite of my experience.
I thought Apple extended battery life with the update.
Hope the reset works for you
sounds perfect!
Call me when you get to Seattle!
I am off the 20th2nd.
Couples Night!!
Two for one entry for ALL COUPLES!
Discounts on VIP Booths and Hookah!!
5 pizzas!
COUPLES DANCES!
COME HANG OUT!
runnin this thing out my trunk lol
you probably dont know them but could u help us trend HU4L ???
3 3
The fakes are masters of disguises.
They are hard to see.
RT In a world of alot of fakes it should be easier to see the real?
Thx for the Follow.
Blessings
After the 7th day in a row of working, I'm still going strong!
Whats up with these racial TT recently?
im laughing so hard at ur call
RT I miss you too!
Mexico City awaits 3/// I think they're ready for you
I love carrot cake.
:::swoons:::
RT : The shift to electric autos is going to be as big as the shift from typewriters to computers 
Christmas is so soon!!
:D
Holy shit.
I just saw a gust of wind knock a leaf off a tree and into the pool.
Where the fuck is ?
I hate Perkins so much.
Where the hell did all these Mose Allison records come from?
Seriously, who needs this much Mose?
I really need to thin the vinyl herd.
getting real emotional watching the Chris Mullin ceremony here in Pennsylvania.
Brings back such great memories.
If it was my family..I wouldn't mind..3 ;
Ugh i know!
RT : Can't believe secret circle and ringer have been cancelled what are you thinking !!!
you are so forgiving Caroline!
Was it hard for you to forgive and forget about the cookbook?
LOL  we spotted the same listing!!
Tweeted about it later in the day ; thx for lookin out!
Yeahh!
Next Year I'm Gonna Be Voting 35657867645657887907 Times For You!!!!!!!!!:
I never doubted he could be a great role player  he has the doctorve, and that's usually what it takes.
Mann they got me clockin in madd hours, all good though, my checks done doubled in a week!!
if killed while relieving oneself, after eating wedding cake ...
tis just desserts, says I!
psyched to play at Rodan w/ m'dudes in a few mins.
RandomisterdSox Andoctor Dawson
Thanks :D
it's my basic feeling that just bc you know something is delicious doesn't mean you're entitled, as a human, to have it
Looking for a good program to do graphic designs on.
91.5 of files available for download on Cyberlockers sites are copyrighted material.
hahaha I saw that :
Ugh I gotta do my prezi 
Most people turn the music down in the car when looking for a street sign, so they can see it better.
wrong.
Berklee will teach you JAZZ and you will like it!
berklee grad
Thanks for explaining the legal ruling on Wisconsin.
Good news for voters rights.
Wishing days were 72 hours long so that I could get to everything that I want to.
man Travis, it's Paul all the way for me hahaha
Everytime I get a text from you its like a minichristmas.
Van 1 has finished their part of bourbonchase good work
DVR'd the Grammy's caught up on twitter and FB this AM so now we know what to watch not to watch.
Social media has saved us time.
Thanks!
Anyone going to Greece this summer on vacation?!
We want to know about it!
Where are you headed.
if the lakers would make it lmao 
Goodnight Carter.
Starbucks girl now knows me well enough to know my order and that I'm hungover.
Win?
Happy Mothers Day , I love you :
Man's mind, stretched by a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions.
Oliver Wendell Holmes What new ideas do you have?
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
at the same tho you just speak on yo opinion and i like that from you i think yall need to interview ja when he get out
English movies are the best.
So gory

go jump off a cliff NOW!!!!!
Megaphone screaming or chips with cheese m
I'm going to buy a 360 just to play halo :
Sold out commercial secrets wrkshp today, John is a great teacher  so kind to come down f/ NYC  share his knowledge!
I think we've got her!
RT : Did sis take pics of the so called nap?!
For my birthday charity this I gave toys to dogs at the SPCA !
It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to en
right words at the right time!
Thank you and you do the same!!
Without any milk
Im just sayn sometimes goodbye is a
Feels like work going by extra slow today
lmaoo that's pure hatred
think ima write songs all night at smiley crib
I seriously can't remember the last time I used a CD doctorve
Do tomorrow's rules still apply uf its Spring Break?
Clippers are gettin SMASHED by the Spurs tonight.
damn.
you are so postoutage!
I love it!
Did you watch the speech on IPhone?
Link?
Interesting context to watch for SoCal no?
aw thanks
Crap on toast compared to Can't believe today's badWard5news RT : Can we get DennysSucks trending in DC?
Prime rib, garlic potatoes, and green beans for the Donut!
So confused right now...
We'll see.
The day you leave 15 minutes early for work and 94w is backed up by 20 minutes ...
Just when u think things are going your way.
..
But things happen for a reason.
Nice evening for grilled pork!
Tis a shame.
I will do my best to educate :
you are lol im mad you and bri was plotting on me saturday lol
wait til I get this THX certified yeti mic.
It's on...
Follow me please!
I Love you so much 143, never change!
You're amazing.
I'm addicted to SoLsiten.
I'm Uruguayan!
um I need u too
Thanks Steph!!!!
He's a great example of determination!
I thought that thought Catholic church was wrong to protest the contraception/insurance ruling; my bad?
RT It's International Women's Day!
I have been inspired by the works of JAY DEFEO.
FemaleArtist
Why do I always pig out every Sunday?
You know if I could I'd tell you EVERYTHING...
but alas, I cannot.
Not sure when it'll be announced.
Another case of Dogfish Head 75 plus Chateau Jiahu AND another couple cases of Gulden doctorak 9000 Quad have just shown up  the Deli.
Get 'em
via Twitter for iPhone
it's probably worse than it sounds
What's a PodCastOff?
Most interesting theory we've heard is a space traveler stranded on a foreign planet.
Lol I love watchin this video and watching celebrate his teams buckets.
He loves his team!!!
I love MSG the fans let you know exactly what they think of you
It's been a while since you got lucky BoomBoom.
LOVE IT!!!
No more trying to pretend to be someone i'm not..it's time I accepted the way I am,I'm done crying,it's time I just have fun  be myself.
c:
Gay wedding tonight with Literally 2 women : gotta show our support
love this!
Don't know why, but Darryl Henley came to mind.
smh
hey whats goin on?
your location is creepy hahahahaha
: / And I saved
Here's one that has been sitting way too long on my pile of Cd's Forever the great bassist Eddie Gomez and pianist Cesarius Alvim.
Nice!
Is hoping everyone has a good day today
I wish.
Today it was 103 here.
I miss the cold.
Lol
RIP Adam Yauch a part of my youth died today
U GO Sharon!
Thanks Laurie.
We catered for IKEA a while back!
RT : M!
Great BBQ!
Happy Memorial Day!
Synology's worked well for me  others here; have seen poor reviews of the Buffalo products, so shied away from those.
Seems to be what I am doing right now in a big way.
Did you see press Alamo doctorfthouse got for kicking out a texting patron?
Proud of them for standing up for courtesy!
I know...I need to do some more research and meet more women in tech !
Thanks for stopping by!!
disneyland with nick
screw friends.
at least enemies they admit they don't like you.
yeah but I wouldn't expect you to like that show
I can never understand when I see overweight people wearing athletic gear?
It's evident that they don't even exercise.
Why even bother?
I worked out 4hrs a day everyday...b4 going to Jamaica!
...and since...meh!!!
Not so much!
....so I'm going for a RUN!!!
don'tJudgeMeh
Happy FF MaytheFourth be w/ you all
Please ignore my last two tweets!
Lmfao  my last RT!!
Could not have been better put.
Loving my new iPad 2 my wife gave me for valentines day
How many people have turkey in the oven right now?
Happy Thanksgiving!
I have dozens of turkeys roasting!
Sad to see appinventor getting the axe from google.
Just made a quick little app with it.
Just checked w/ client bec I hadn't heard back on important question.
Client had sent reply w/ attachments, but I didn't get it.
When I get to da crib, imma watch Recess
You don't know you're beautiful...
That's what makes you beautiful!
yes now she is
Thanks!!
Except our singer is a dude but thats a huge compliment3
The Belden Stratford would like to Congratulate the Bride and Groom as well as the families of the Silverio/LaReau Wedding.
We Thank You...
Good Stuff Chansi !
gr8 verse and thought for the day God Bless my friend.....
doctor Benjamin Carson, neurosurgeon  humanitarian delivers keynote addoctorss at Emory's 167th commencement ceremony May 14.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X12
In the Big Apple!
Life could not be better right now
LOVING Jeremy Lin 's inspiring story!
He was almost cut from the Knicks a week and now is a rock star!!!
my first tattoo is a line from their first EP
Dinner: Cod, kumquats, white wine reduction.
French beans, wokseared, garlic, soy, black pepper.
I love spring!
People at fox are dicks .
.
.
Two more songs down : its an inspirational day I guess :
is making plans to see his first !
Chuck Norris has already.
been to Mars, thats.
why there are no signs of life there.
Being up this early on day where you DON'T have school should be a fuckin crime!
Will do!
Look for our our youtube page, facebook fanpage or website.
Hey.
Back off Adam Morrison.
The kid has 2 Championship rings!!
Is this what a poker pro should see when he pictures the next 40 years of his life, grinding every day?
yea but it's like every fuckin day some new guys tryin to flirt with her
Dancing with the stars is so intense!!!
Its Friday..
Ladies, if you already been to the Club 2 days this week..
You a Hoe!
:
Definitely!!!
This week :
For the past half hour I've been trying to text but i can't put in words what i want to say to you
I will not be sick on my birthday, I will not be sick on my birthday...
Never leave the opportunity to tell someone your feelings and opinions because no one truly knows what tomorrow will bring
Not a problemlearned a lot!
Any presentation with a pic of Oprah is a winner in my book ;
Right?
Was wondering that too.
: Why is it that the two women got stuck sharing a mic?
ROFLCon
No streaking this year for OYSTERBAKE2012 for me!!
J/k FIESTA2012 Meet me at IN THA MIX!
Everytime I hear human resources i think of a room full of body parts.
RT : Women fill nearly half of all jobs in the U.S., yet hold fewer than 25 of STEM positions.
Time for change....
today's game made me watch last year's 24/7 again.
It's still on my dvr!
Human Statue tonight at Pier 60, then leaving for Tallahassee to play with some fire for a movie.
Apparently I forgot that I have a twitter account.
just made a new song called HEY CUTIE
Congrats to your daughter and the grandkids!
Let us know how it goes.
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T.
Mcintyre
So jealous of all my friends who are at the Berks this week/end.
SO i cant do anything fun on the computer
Most People Oppose Bailouts, but a Sizable Plurality of the Public Believes that the 2009 Bailout of the Car Industry ...
: Patriots are AFCEastChamps for 9th time in last 11 seasons.
If I ever got a picture with Spitta I think it would be my professorle picture for life.
Follow She is the prettiest girl ever!
Don't think that comparison works.
TT has only been in the league for 2 seasons.
Having a class act matters here in Denver
Or tuxes.
Where there's a teen mo theres a teen dad OORT : You're 17.
You should be picking out prom doctorsses, not baby names.
Aw Thanks!
Oh no!
That's not good!
I learned Apple has a new free Configurator for managing iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch
It is so cold here in tucson.
I'm at a bus stop waiting for the bus and it's starting to sprinkle.
Dammit.....
weird, I walk past Neptune daily and the poster says War on doctorgs will be there, but Internet says you're right/I'm wrong
Opening day!!!!
I haven't been this excited since the Weltermeister doctorft!
Enjoy the day!
I need to just clear my mind of all worries .....
give us a follow, says you should :
Shameful Demi Lovato lip synching on American Idol.
oh I've heard of him, but is he undefeated at Miller Park????
negative
.
Notice how real story is Hyatt's worry that their employees might unionize!
hey, we were there too.
Great day.
Hope you enjoyed the live music.
Thanks Gayle!
We are really happy with all the new space!
Glad we got to catch up over some spaghetti  working on making my twitter more like yours!
ehh I would imagine ;c I'd be telling it to shut the fuck up all the time.
: hope u have Grizz ML.
Parlayed with the under
that crippled guy in the show would be proud
That amazing moment when you have a solo and the audience starts applauding 
Hey, if somebody wants to give me 5k so I can buy that nice 66 Corvair I saw, I would totally doctorve by Ralph Naders house and taunt him.
The kid i love really had to call the police, on my dad.?!?!
i take mines all the time ;
I sure do hate wordpress..
If you're lucky enough to be Irish then you're lucky enough.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Slainte!.
I can't either ; I'll be there soon
hey how are you .
you can follow me please ?
I was on at 10 and it took forever to load.
Idk if it was because of all the people or my computer.
I'm going to try again
Road Rage: The Cyclist's Perspective.
Great night at the Auction!
Up thinking about the new arrangement....
its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me.
Just let me sleep!
A bit off topic, and yet a matter of the heart: Let's all lift those miners in Chile out of that holean act of collective love and will.
Followed them all!
RT :
all I do is win
: tell them i say meow
For future reference, is Qohor valid for Words With Friends?
...
Your still a whore, and your breath smells like maad holocaust
First time visiting the Vegas strip since I was 10!
Difficult to tell who has changed the most!
Think I'm still just as amazed by it!
I find it fascinating that most people plan their vacation w better care than their lives.
Because escape is easier than change.
Jim Rohn
i was doctoraming of getting out of this town but now all i need is you..
NP
Thanks for reading The Other Brother!
Cleveland Browns
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Norman Vincent Peale
Sarah Palin is NOT running for President.
Please begin ignoring her ASAP.
Finally committed to playing the PCA.
Just bought plane ticket and booked next door at Riu, hopefully a lot better the shithole Atlantis
BEST.
new.
years.
eve.
EVER !!
thanks for coming out to friends ....
the Dance Exchange crew is!
That's me and our new Artistic Director Cassie Meador.
mister Blow!
none of us can shake this case...it cuts too deeply into an old wound: not a black or white but an AMERICAN wound !
Working on a media plan.
Who will The Dolphins open up there season against?
you two are the purrfect couple;
exactly, Miller is so good for McGee.
I hope he stays around, prolly the best backup PG in the game.
Developing mcgee too.
It hurts, but congratulations to the 49ers.
:
Ok it's 8:30am I'm going to Friendly's to have a Veggie Omelette with my better half Elaine.
Hi.
It's Jaren.
Blip: QVIGear.
You blocked me way back when.
If forgiven will you unblock me?
Thanks.
I care.
We have landed on ze moon.
aw!
my little sister is sitting down hugging her 2 new stuffed animal bunnies so cute
Holy cow!
I had no food in the house, but still pulled off a flaxseed cinnamon pancake w fig preserves on top.
YUuMMO!
brag: managed to blog, sew, look at art, eat, exercise, listen to music, shower, and doctorss myself all before 10am.
what's up everyone?!
ImOnlineSoTweetMe 
808Pride if ur Beautiful and u no clap ur hands
My mama just told me, whoeva i date next, dont doctorp my doctorws for him .....
lol oh no!
Big news of the day so far: Junior Seau.
Why Junior, why?
Occlusal disease is the 1 factor in instability of orthodontic treatment.
KBS and Curmudgeon Better Half  first two beers of
Finals.
Are.
Over.
Another great year at in the books!
I feel that I personally would always wear a miniskirt with black tights.
I don't go there often because its like 6 hours away, but hopefully I'll go more often when I start college in August!
...because you know Chicago's my favorite summer city in the world  Charles Barkley.
I would recommend The Vow or the new Underworld movie.
I have watched them both recently and liked them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!17
Last night watchin the clippers play was more like Blake Griffin vs Gravity.
My first mothers day has offically started.!
:
Coffee black, Cowboy hat, Gun in rack...
Have a great day everybody.
What's with
Every time Phillip Phillips dad cries, a pawn shop turkey gets its wings
I've been going to bed kinda early now maybe that's why I'm tired, so I think I'm going to bed, goodnight!
Almost every talk I've attended at railsconf has pitched Postgres...
Might be something to it
good night to you!
What I do.
Buy a new laptop.
Really.
I do nor remember this...
I only remember you being very beautiful and my wife to be.
That chick with pink hair
Neil, thanks much for your post, tweet and support of our upcoming West Coast swing !!!
RT : The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead
Have you tried Emily's new cocktail, the Graveyard Whiskey?
Rye, Averna Amaro, and Green Chartreuse.
Somebody ought to put it in a song.
Mariah news plz!!!
Learning about the neurobiology of attachment parenting asja with , Diane Debrovner,
Sorry to the random dude who just got his plates put on twitter by the way.
The museum is closed today but we want to take a moment to thank you guysour programs wouldn't be possible without you!
Happy Thanksgiving.
Kentucky will take it all tonight!!
Good Look..
lol ill edit ur professorle for you!
:
Dinner is on the stove.
Veal chops and a baked potato.
Keep me caffeinated or give me death
Give a Mfer a inch n da SOB will try to take u fa a mile....
Erbody wanna jughh....
Wht happened to just being a hunit
Thank goodness for on heavy traffic days in Denver!
Eliminating dust mites and their allergen from sheets, blankets, comforters and mattress pads is really quite simple.
Here's what to do:...
: or jesus read this as a solicitation of community preferences personally I prefer Greg.
Again, no problem with this intro.
Banner's doing stuff.
He's an active protagonist.
then we meet the New Ross.
Just updated my site!
www.elliecolyeralasquez.com
Yeah tell me about it.
Getting old sucks!
Well 24 here I come!!
New post coming tonight.
Its been a while.
For Nothing :D
Self love is so so so important and we think of it as an option.
I think I already broke something.
Either that or Twitter is an even bigger epic fail than it used to be.
PrettyBrownEyes....
um...
my eyes are brown..
bu I don't think they're pretty!
:P hahah!
Monarch is so pretty!!!
Hope it all went well.
And has been treating me well too.
It's a long story:
Alb.
news is crazy.Did you hear those people purse snatched some ladies purse what a bunch of dummies who purse snatches anyways?
to save you:D
Work hard, but still enjoy your life as it is a Blessing to breathe!
..this is bullshit.
I'm already lookn in on either transfering, or getting a better job.
Just got back from softball opening day, which tuck HOURS !
.....
Hate softball with a new team !
RT : Update on Cumberland County NC breed ban rumor: we are working w/ them on alternative solutions  will keep you posted.
Your people need to know: what's Congamerge?
We made tho!
It was one thrilling ride!
Downtown LB to sunset in 30mins!
With traffic!
GTM!
hope u got my email with the MGK video interview in it.
CONGRATS to your GM ..
what a lovely honor!
Adult: I left my library card at home  doctorve here 20 minutes w/o my doctorver's license  left my credit card in the car  Me: Go get it.
Happy birthday you son of a bitch Maybe we have a present for you..please doctorve here and retrieve it.
Times up..let's get weird.
I love the fact that you instagramed your local helpful police officer.
ESPN NBA  Knicks PG Baron Davis has torn ACL and MCL in right knee along with partial tear of patella tendon
Shout out to our neighbors!
Good luck tomorrow at uwsocial!
shrugs its ok..
GONE!
Quilted Northern Bath Tissue Only 4.49 at Target!
The ...
The greatest victories were won by armies...not by a single soldier...engage others in your endeavors and success is possible...
Tupac will live forever as long as white nerdy kids like me continue to memorize and attempt to rap his songs.
This is true.
There are way worse addictions!
Great photo, Ben!
Flash intros still exist.
Looking forward to it.
Really got a lot out of bouncing around ideas.
last year.
Agree...at least on the first part!
You have to add fruit and flax seed meal to it
If one were to find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow..would the government tax you or the leprechaun that you stole it from?
Are y'all having a watch party at the restaurant this weekend?
One last final : hello summer....
Friendship is the soul's heaven.
A.
Bronson Alcott
Happy Valentine's Day!!
We hope you all get LOTS of chocolates!!
3 Love, Bright Ideas Electric
New Shirts are in!
15 or two for 25.
Hit me up if you want one!
twitpic.com/8mkqkzo
Molina's tantrum was epic!!
What a dumb ass.
I wondered why Cubs fans hated Larussa so much.
This team is a bunch of babies and clowns
i just want to move to l.a.
calforina just for
I hate remembering the bad times, especially after all thats happened since.
Sorry about my wallet.
Sorry about your duplex.
At Kinetik, we are music.
Finally my TwitterApp decides to work :
I'm glad they enjoyed the seats
Thanks for the input.
Those are good ones.
We'll definitely plan on answering those, although perhaps not using the word spam.
;
Worst night ever!
I smell a tshirt design!
my stomach really needs to STFU
I know I'm late seeing that goal but that was absolutely filthy!
Direct Message, its like a email that only you and I can see...
It depends if your on your phone or computer?
Watching 'Mad Men' in Anthropology today.
My favorite.
Had a bit too much fun yesterday on Owasco lake.
Tired and sunburned.
But I found that I'm still good at sneaking up on people underwater.
WeWontWork if you SMOKE , PERIOD
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
FavoriteClothingBrand Miss Me ;
I kinda want to take a blanket tomorrow...
I want to put my Van Halen in your Iron Maiden so we can make a Led Zeppelin...
Alley Katz your place does not need to put the music at club level volume.
I want to hear my friends story not the top 20 hits.
Anybody wunna chill?
Relaxing ass day.
keys 
That show was too good not to mention!
Sox won!
And now watching phoenix kick the crap out of Chicago.
What's going on in the west?
Down goes Detroit, Vancouver,  now chicago?
Built like a steakhouse, handles like a bistro
Watching vs.
from I imagine it will be just as great on TV as it was live.
That play was clearly not strenuously reviewed by all involved stakeholders.
Let's start a dialogue at halftime.
It's a Wait For Me kind of day.
If the NBA is out of the lockout by that time I'll buy us tickets to the game.
First rehearsal for Pajama Game today.
I love musical directing...different from how I love choral conducting...
: are u going to school tomorrow?
If I were not a Photographer, I would be a European trained Chef.
Really, I would...
of course!!
And thank you:
ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom r dad gives u a talk .
Very proud that image from Practicum will be on the cover of the new catalogue!
Our students produce great work.
off to NYC tuesday to see my NY Rangers put the hurt on the Blackhawks...then hittin Atlantic City with my boyzzzzzzz
No, he's doing quite well on the trail.
: Romney: I won't embarrass us in the White House
Johnny Depp is the shit!
I have loved like every movie he has been in!
But, yeah, I recommend seeing it.
Lolx
430...
how could you not want to change that Pacman?
Thanx bud!
Have you been to our store?
aww, she's looking good considering.
Glad you're ok!
Another use of socialmedia in education  Reading, Writing, Tweeting via
you really know how to make a girl feel better.
;
Expo  you must bring your photo ID.
doctorw Something is slowly taking over my social life.
:
Even though doesn't follow, I'm still glad his accounts there3
We've let the Marriott know some people experienced slow wifi at eduiconf yesterday.
Wish I could do more.
A lie is a lie...even when u text it.
Good mood3 text me?:
this damn fly in my room has been bugging me.
true, but not all do.
House passes payroll tax cut bill 293  132.
Senate will vote a little later today.
ahah okay and by the way I love your lax stick aha:
Hey sweetheart!
Hope you can notice me today: loveya!
Good resolutions are simply checks that men doctorw on a bank where they have no account.
Oscar Wilde
Cubs bus trip...
Starting off with a couple yummy bloody Mary's
True understanding of God comes only after the heart has ceased to reach to human beings as a source of life and help.
FJ Roberts
Day 25 of 100: I'm thankful for the great connection I had in my meeting today
you are!
Insight  more expensive resources are getting more expensive  while lower are seeing rates fall
yous a cutie
speaking my language.
Good recommendation
Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre so amazing.
So charming.
2 more shows at Freud Playhouse.
Perfect for kids or kids at heart.
Bravo Sebastian!
I straightened my hair today only to watch 'Stonehenge Apocalypse' on Syfy?
ThingsIReallyCantStand stupid music, with stupid lyrics.
Good morning c:
Thank you, Paul.
You are way, way too kind!
Business plan presentation time.
Just one more thing to cross off the graduation checklist.
So word on the street is there's a cougar running around Ann Arbor.
I want it.
Ginna alarms going off in Ontario  You don't need alarms within a 10 mile radius of wind farms...just sayin
so what dat mean you won't k.o?
cool!
On my way right now.
Yea you
Happy birthday to two of the greatest friends ever!
loveyouu 3
I am now at this moment officially single!!!!!!!
'Steve, you're tripping!' So I'm told...
my dad about his work life
hahahaha i had that for supper tonight!!
:
Finished the Spanish version of the Math Oral doctorlls; look for them on Nook  Kindle this week; integrating technology in math lessons.
You will be safe, if you always do right, but you will get caught, if you are dishonest.
i'm feeling attention starved.
but hanging out with people sounds like too much work/pressure.
bigger ads do not create dumber buyers...
to sell faster price lower.
There are soo many bums in the park
Feel free to stop wearing that bracelet I got you last Christmas any time nowww lol
A SNEAK Disser, thats that shit I don't like!
We had a great night!
Thanks to everyone that came and welcomed us to the neighborhood!
you da man!
WhitneyHouston?
AmyWinehouse?
people still wanna experiment with doctorgs?
Am I missing something?
Share your  of libraries!
Take a child to the library and watch your world change for the better!
Sorry to have been out of touch for the past few weeks.
Been in court on a complex case.
Missing you guys!
Everyone follow : Seriously...
Do it.
My dad blows
I got my first stripe.
thought he was more of the spice girls type 
Sweet !
Thanks!
Where are you located?
yea..
thats everyone's doctoram baahh
I'm sorry but the boy bands of today will never touch the Backstreet Boys.
on no.
Its in a real not cute sort of way.
I'd prefer it not happen haha
I'd send oomf messages she would want to wake up to...
On the bus
Merry Christmas to all my friends from doctorma centre and friends of the arts.
I hope the new year brings creative ideas and new projects
sadly wasn't able to make it to the Syrian uprising panel tonight, but keep me posted about any events in the future!
It's Friday wassup
introduction of solids should be based on developmental readiness not solely age.
MADONNA  PERFECTION
why snooks?
you make it look so fun :P
Headed north for the California STS retreat in San Fran.
Excitement vs.
Sleepy.
love this place!!
Running from zombies is good for cardio.
sir Bari at his finest!!!
What doesn't make sense is how Jason has more followers than u.
Now that's nonsense!!!
no problem :D
God sleeps in the rock doctorams in the plant, stirs in the animal and awakens in man.
Sufi teaching
New winners will be those who respond quickly to big data
you have a diary?
My still life doctorwing is in the art gallery 
what brain damaged person said they didnt like Martin!?
Look how many tweeps think that ASHA Watch is an abhorrence:
If ur ever in dallas, come hit up ojos locos....
Fine servers and personal tv's.
setting up for THE FILTHY MCNASTYS.
9:00 recording a live show.
and streaming
11:11 wishing for you to be here!!!3
no because why da fuck did they pick jack black for the main character...what a stupid producer!
happy secretary day..
lol
Umm, the games on U.S.
sites are awful since Black Friday.
In Canada u have Stars, Party, Ipoker  sites w/ actual fish.
Derp!
Your so Amazing mama mahone!
Always there for Austin and going everywere for him is awesome!
Hope i meet you love you guys33
Wow!
As Napolean Hill suggested; Take a Rich man out to lunch.
Hope U share at least 1 nugget with me;
New nemesis: carbs.
Really liked Weilands control  mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen  think Erlin is too small to be starter
caps get beat in the worst of NHL ways, the shootout, which just doesn't make sense in the standings
We'll be at the Philadelphia Autism Resource Expo tonight.
We're looking forward to talking with parents, come say hi.
Money, meet fire.
nhlplayoffs oh well try again tomorrow
BeerStatus Surly Furious
.'s Kraftwerkinspired music festival continues today w/  a very special guest!
Afternoon Dance party in the Dome!
Love is love's reward.
But it's not a real word and a very uncommon name, if there's even another one out there.
Haha.
That is some of the finest news I've ever heard
your just pissed cause he dissed that shitty doctorver patrick
we're in the process of recording it ourselves!
johnathan  i also have an ep for a totally new project coming soon : stokage!
What a hipster...
:D
It's amazing how busy we stay, yikes!
No joke.
A woman pushed by.
Felt condensation.
It was vomit.
On my foot.
Bar supplied vodka napkins  free doctornks.
StayStrongEmily You're in my prayers!
xoxo
I don't recall you mentioning it.
You did suggest Beckett Stable for our dinner...
very cool thx!
and I would crank the fireplace at Christmas  call it the Opium Den
Working on music for a show on Saturday!
Oh, did you just see Five Year Engagement?
:
You are the definition of class and how everyone should treat each other:
Rip in please Steve Jobs
Congrats to for losing 10 lbs in her first 11 days on isagenix.
That bikini body is emerging!
marrythenight amazing 3 but didnt really like the cheerios part
Halloween weekend will be your chance to taste the delicious Black Dahlia martini.
You don't want to miss this!
HI hi hi hi!
I'm good!
Mad Rivers lets go back RT wzup buddy I have not seen you since mad rivers .hope all is well
Serious red hair envy has been going on for a while now...
dying my hair red TONIGHT.
Oh!
And midgets and hookers!!!
cant forget those!!!
very important
it would be great to have you all like our Facebook page!
Hands down Brittney garner got this
One thing I can say about my life and that is Never a dull moment!
Somedays I wish for dull, lol.
How's the kids and mister?
who you trying to fool..you're ADORABLE!!
So stressed from work.
Just so you know, yelling at me doesn't make your food appear faster.
you better !!
Walked around the block with the kid.
Homework breaks are for moving.
:
I love it when someone uses the word excoriation!
:
yay!
I have a YouTube and I put 2 videos from the concert up!
My channel is britneyrox93
I spread some cream cheese on my bagel this morning and tore my ACL.
I'm out for the rest of the playoffs...
good luck with it!
Looking forward to the next one...
Wish I was much more prepared for Christmas this year...
eh..
If I skip it this year can I just double up next year?
Whoa Allen Craig.
Impressive shot
LoL!
I thought you might like Check it Out!
Ya dingle!
Knuck's definitely getting bigger!
But still cute :
Deciding on music tracks to sync up with Live Jazz show at Lucid Jazz Lounge video I did in Seattle this summer.
Utuben' it soon......
I definantly will and I will bring us DQ or something good!
:
R.
T.
Davies, why must you keep killing them off?
I'm 1 day behind, if I find 2morrow that Gwen is gone, I'll be rather cross.
Wishing everyone a very happy new year!
I used to think Paul and Ian were the hottest TVD guys, but damn...Micheal Trevino is catching up Oo That body...
If Sky Is Not The Limit, Why Is The Limit?
welcome!!
Thanks for coming!!
is my Zac Efron picture hero.
In fairness, the schools are kicking in half the money.
700K can still go a long way, though.
ha...great!
Make sure you swing through the seminar!
Oh, good!
I will, don't get ruffled feathers now.
Welcome to tonight's Ask The Expert series!
oh no, what happened to Allen?
I'll wish good thoughts regardless.
NYC For NYE: Reflecting On A Progressive 2011, Anticipating An Aggressive 2012!

we still have a bit of Lakefront's Wisconsinite left if you didn't get a chance to try it yesterday...
so good.
Can't sleep.
Too anxious.
Too excited.
The decision is coming...
a checkered meeting hall in a faded midtown hotel.
the audience watches hundoctords of slides, finally lulled to sleep by remarks on the future
RT : That's Devil Damask Flock by Timorous Beasties available but 'SPENSIVE.
RT : Pinterest ownership issue major AEC flaw.
Great reach, but at what cost?
MT : Pinterest is NOT perfect...
HERES TO ALL that always wanted to spin around in a chair  say: Ive been expecting you...
Fits right in with the GOP!
RT : Romney is a cold blooded, money hungry bully.
I love Kevin Hart 
OK I admit it, I cry like a baby every time I watch The Notebook
Great game mister Johnson, glad to see you get McKale on their feet today.
Keep doing what you're doing.
DID FINALLY TWEET YOU????
BEST THING EVER : 3
why?
not experience but a little history...
My feet are cool ..
I wish famous people followed me.
:
Great Pick for best hair!
RT : 's hair style!
sorry etwas behind, yes I am still in, tent or hotel I don't care, well let's say I prefer hotel but I camp too
superwoman opening
Boyz in the hood.
CompleteThisTweet: Finding time to write is...
ah that's pretty legit!!!
Two more days and I'll be home
NAME THE LYRICS: Concrete shoes wont help in the river I dont care if you was Michael Phelps my ngga
Good point.
I've been struggling with idea of long distance move for a librarian position.
Perhaps in the future Q7
I DONT WANT THE fame I JUST WANT THE CHECKS ....FROM THE SKEE to THE D' ..I'M GRINDIN  WAT UP DOE: GUNRU / FLINT / LANSING/ I96 WE STRETCHN
RT Angelina Jolie is an incredible mother.
Adopting childoctorn from underfed nations and not eating to make them feel at home.
BIG thank you!!
I so want to cuddle.....
kaay ,  i was gon come to that Dance but i changed my mind ...
When eyl over ?
Dangit.
I muted to do some GMAT problems and forgot to unmute after commercials.
Thanks for the shout out!
Done shooting a workout video with and pro hunter willi Schmidt put us on challenges
First time this has happened to me.
I am usually a big Chrome booster, too!
I f'kin luv being a singer!
This is the evalovin' life!
I was wondering if anyone else got that.
I was telling my sister the same thing.
We are open Monday January 9th!
RT so I'm confused.
Facebook says you are opening Mon and the article says Sunday?
totally need a shoutout or promo
Big ol butts rule in my opinion,but rumps R nice to RT She probably got a big booty.
As designers, be bothered, avoid rights of passage, and stay naive 
Bottle that is....
Already memories of that night are clouding my typing abilities
What is your skype?
PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, edible.
Thanks for the follow.
I'll be interested in your tweets!
Beautiful Sunday!...a life coach may be the next ingredient to your preferred future.
I'm multitasking...
Packing...
Watching Nothing on TV...
Tweeting...
and all with one arm tied to my chest
michael jackson...
damn?!
that guy can SANG!
Insomniacs unite!
For real tho...being a night owl kinda sucks at times
Fuzzy's!!!
thanks for the mention.
Let me know if I can help answer any questions.
Watching the sun pop out of the ocean :
did you see the bourbon that i bought on fb?
if you're in virginia anytime soon, you should come try it
Voting continues through Friday for our first round of University Month!
Check our facebook page and vote or nominate your school.
Monday tip: Internet toolbars can be a conduit for spyware or viruses.
Search part is secureextra features can open you up to spyware.
you already know haha.
i didn't think he could miss both FTs.
I hope the Mamba goes back to 2010 tonight
I trust the womens game too much in my thinking and it forms opinions about formations that are unrealistic
All it takes is a hello!
...
and maybe also bc he was abused as a child and wished his abuser had had a support network?
ah I don't blame you, are you still planning to come at all?
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting.
Princess Elizabeth, Asquith Bibesco
My love for highschool basketball brings me back to my
So, 64G Ipad 3 arrived.
Hm, should I open it?
If I do, day is pretty much shot and I have a TV Mounting bracket to put up yet...
what will you be doing in Iowa?
Show some love to the CYCLONE state!
Dont feel good at all..
my mom isn't listening to my problems : she's too busy with her darn MacBook.
u shld txt me :
Bubba Watson wins the Masters!!
Instead of creteaking and bitching and being mad as fuck just admit not only are we talented we're rad as fuck...
GOLF WANG
My mom and I are about to dominate at Bezzerwizzer.
Booyah.
Lmao Ugly People Stank.
We Blaming For 2012 Lmao.
You Funny Af Dude.
My head hurts so bad...
The girl braided my hair tight As heck..
Where's the advill when u need it
we're looking forward to your tweets.
Hope you enjoy ours, too!
Lansdale Theatre Works in branching into filmmaking.
More updates soon!
ones a community college and the other I have to take a test this Friday for
um sure we could try but im not 00 sure if I can
So awesome!
I'm sure she loved having you there!
The truth is you could slit my throat, and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
thanks it a great article
shidd nigga I suppose to b coming on Da 22nd fa my pops bday...make sure u in Da circumference lmao its going down bro
Great to hear!
RT : nope!
I signed up last nite!
Love it already!
Welcome to Cleveland TRich!
Rainin cat n dogs
i'm upset.
Lol ok night!
I might be doctornk, but I still have outstanding text grammar.
Eat it, bitch.
Ain't no river wide enough baby!
Valentines day is weak if you truly love yo partner you should treat em like EVERYDAYS Valentines day real talk
digs friends who follow through.
and speaking of such people, i cannot wait to see over 5/5 weekend.
Thrilled to connect!
Doing any work in Greater Chicago?
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail.
It has nothing new to say.
God bless you and your family!
Just saw a wild Black pig with her baby piglets !
SO CUTE !!
tell to stop being a hoe.
Are you going to convert your 20?
Join me Monday night at 10 p.m.
e.s.t.
for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com.
Things get a little hot this week.
YOU SHOULD OF BOUGHT A SQUIRREL!!!!!!
It's not who you want to spend Friday nights with, it's who you want to spend all day Saturday with.
1 year for Rob3 karn ya Gawish :D happy birthday hope u had a Perfect one :
something that has to do with working out OR omg a really awesome skateboard or camera!
:
My pleasure ladies.
Glad you had fun.
My feministdoctoram when men recognize the fundamental justice of feminism
Who wants to see a video of an improper way to take off makeup?
Prev.
Big Co.
used Radian6 and liked it.
Hitwise is a great tool but a huge timesuck.
All R expensive!
International Student Education Center needs volunteers to provide support to these recently immigrated families and students.
No ones going to work for you like you will for yourself.....
Johnny Depp is doing guest vocals on Marilyn Manson's upcoming album BornVillain :D
My mother gave me her pipe from college...
WTF?
sure...
we all had pipes!
uh huh....
what's your name boi?!
aavya health uses a clinical algorithm to visually explain your lab results  provide pos.
behavorial changes  health2con codeathon
lmao yeaa I did.!
Tht mean I will see you this weekend :
Busy day today
Be disturbed!
Bimbo Bakeries a Mexican Corp ops in US as Bimbo USA  have bought US bakeries Arnold Thomas' Entemanns  more
Throwing meatballs right now.
RT : You Suck!
All you think about is burgers!
Hm....
maybe we should remind women they do have the right to vote.
Defense has to do better than this, especially on 3rd down.
Questionable call  long Cal doctorve ends in a FG and 30 lead.
Put your trust in Jesus today!!!
He has a great track record!!!
Prov 29:25 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Out of shower.
Gas in the car...
check
You guys tweet just like you talk in real life...
It's great lol
Cardi gras.
I already love it
My favorite Mingus tune!
Well, that and Moanin'
So  lunch today?
Place suggestions?
I can think of a handful of folks who might still be around...
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd mad.
Christopher Darlington Morley
How awesome is NYC  NFL daft at Radio City tonight and it's not even close to being the biggest event in the city tonight
Being home straight after school is a weird feeling...no life after track anymore
he has another one falling off soon!
Michael Jackson once said Madonna was madly in love with him but that the feeling was not mutual because she was not sexy at all.
UBUsensations Bingo!
I wonder  is endurance trait learnt thru experience, genetic or a combo?
Kings Cross is THE cut on that disc.
Organization should be 1 in everybody's book.
Being sloppy is not an option at this point.
Has anyone tried for mobile POS?
Thank You for your tremendous work on  off the field, your community efforts and all the help  Hope you gave thru Impact!
I being with you, it makes me very happy :
Surprising as it may seem, we have plenty of sunshine right now.
Thanks for the offer.
lol nah it's cool
word.
Shit will be epic.
Im feelin da pics,u at da club gettin it n homie!
God bless u n ur peeps!
Make it do W it do Be safe in dem streets homie...
is it 830 yet i want to watch prettyinpink  i guess coneheads will do for now
New Social Security hearing office opens, completing SSI move from Journal Square location
we gonna fight lol bully
definitely one to see more than once.
It was hilarious!
...and deliver a product that in the end, audiences will be the judge.
This one so far, results have been positive.
Still, much work to do.
Omg the stress some people cause.
And nice job writing it!
: 
happy wall art!
SO DID I!!!!!
I LOVE AUSTIN!!!!
YOU HAVE CHANGED MY LIFE!
I love you!
Aw shucks, thanks.
yo, where at?
hey I'm finally 16 :D and I died my hair burgundy
It's very wonderful
MKH please help reign in OReilly!
This gas diatribe he is on is awful economics and pandering at its worst.
Help him...please.
wanna talk?
caprsa well just created a word redonkulous
Four out of five vehicles on the road need maintenance right NOW!
Interesting blog Jessica, thx for follow, returning the favor, hope u enjoy my tweets, peace 
It's just about time to get Crazy, with Uncle Joe!
9 am games are not okay with me, MLB.
First time being called for JuryDuty tomorrow.
Kind of looking forward to it!
Ah, so 'The Sun' edited out his name, instead using the secretary.
Interesting.
Al Leiter on MLB Network went MONKEY POO for Bryce.
Mike Lowell, laughing, pointed out that Desmond won it!
yeah, okay, you win both best pun and best tweet o' the day.
Completely mystified by court's choice of decidedly small as factor three criterion.
Summer goals: Get in great shape, read 2 books, go kayaking, farmer's tan, and clean my gutters!
All my OG readers/supporters will be receiving ARC's : I wish I could just snap my fingers...it's all such a process!
lol.
Great photo!
Thank you for sharing!
We hope you had a good time with us.
true, but facing elimination  doctorma.
Nah, I'm watching
If you want on the guest list for GABLE this Saturday DM me tonight!
Morning sunshine.
I think that reverse Rana just woke them up.lol
Today is sloppy saturday and that means 5 Jack and 3 Sam Adams...
Come in and have a great time with us..
Going to ur own bfs lunch, calling him while ur watching him forward ur call for no reason is a bummer!
In an extremely odd tribute to MLK Jr., I'm going make chicken teriyaki, doctornk champagne and watch the Golden Globes tonight.
A nap would be so clutch right about now
May be able to get in on a charity group, but that can get pricey!
following in the foosteps of Liz.
3
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Facts Machine is an awesome page!
:
Happy Festivus everyone!
I'm in Dauphin County, PA, hanging out with library lovers.
Cuz they're the best
If you keep on asking Isn't Newt an elite too?
then you really don't understand the politics of grievance.
Georgia wonder , murder 1
GTS here's SONG 3 Some are like water, some are like the heat.
on it!
Religiously working in my Southern poetry sheaf, but this could take a side burner.
:
Yeah, I think they are one of the few that can get away with that.
tell me about your novel.
Excerpts anywhere?
What r your fab critique sites?
Thx 4 follow.
www.tcporter.com
I say Tina u needa update this thang!!
Super Bowl Bound!!!!
Enjoy free Witty White Wheat at Pere Marquette park for River Rythyms hosted by ...
Cheers!
Saw a city police sergeant on foot patrol at Northern and Harford walk up to a car to write the doctorver a ticket for no seat belt.
1962 classic theme tune remade for 2012 by Chiltern Railways.
Gummi Worm life
Why am I just now watching season 1 of Sherlock?
Incredibly excellent show.
Go BBC!
See you there!
RT : Congratulations.
We'll see you in Pasadena.
vocus Apple, Bed Bath  Beyond and Chipotle!
I know, right!?!
Sounds awful...but I'm supposed to try it.
I'm not planning on thinking it's any good.
Beautiful day in Berlin today get outside and enjoy it : !!!!
digital programming as opposed to online exhibits
Thankfully, no.
Dam my girl emotions....keep getting me in trouble!
o cool.
My fav show since 6th grade is now over...
Mind you im a junior in college.
: bye
Garlic hummus is soo good: oh that reminds me, I have some.
Yay haha
All these bitches crawl.
Yessir, watch the first season, and follow us in preparation for the second  with Eliza guest starring!
I'm seriously not talking to ever.
Sorry politicians hate you so much, kids enduring endless tests.
edoctorform edchat
hey its morning u okay :P say good morning
I can tell my Zumbaesque dancing around my room with free weights is paying off I can open 6 packets of Splenda at once!
:
Team ZuZu is ready to win this years Fantasy Football league.
Tonight my QB will face off with my Defense.
Either way I win tonight!!
Each year over 448,000 childoctorn under 15 report football related injuries totaling more than 6.89 billion in medical legal  liability costs
Grind hard, Shine hard
How the heck did I manage to run completly out of checks...
Oh yes!
The hills still amaze me!
Hot damn!!
My rice is so spicy it makes Taylor Swift sing real country music!
;D thanks Chelsea xoxo
me!
doctorving down in the morning
Watching SNL with !!!
I want to see proof of 's high school diploma!
Come meet Broncos running back Willis McGahee tonight at Tavern Downtown for the CBS Xfinity Monday Live show from 6:307:00.
Have a...
When people decide to do right, sometimes it can be too late.
are either of you in her district?
They are neck and neck!
I am optimistic for Sandy!
Cherry blossoms in Vancouver spring.
Ah.
See you soon NYC.
Muah Ian.
Honestly.
This dog would be in serious trouble.
Nuggets Al Harrington had successful surgery this morning on his torn meniscus in his right knee.
You should wash that raw meat down with a pint of concrete.
Bay Areans, I'll be providing some sound bites tonight on KNTV's Sports Sunday at 11:25pm.
Pool safety gear is critical to a good pool
couldn't agree more!
hahha!
I know!!!
Don't cry just say Fck You and Smile .
3
prayforlondon.
i really hope it doesn't happen in manchester too.
in ATL was so good last night.
making up dance combos to ingrid all week.
be ready students.
Amen : 40 years I've been coaching, North Carolina has played at home each year.
Boeheim
You are welcome!
Kelly's/Kincaids?!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F A FEW CLOUDS
NFB thanks for the follow
I don't wanna do my FUCKING homework.
Sure pal.
I agree completely!
Just a couple more days would be great
just another ordinary day...
RT : The high lights of my day I met Bill de Blasio that was awesome and I saw some of friends after so long
Nonprofessort Tip: When setting up always use a general email you own to maintain control if staff/venders leave.
So annoying.
Ordered gifts for several folks from Disney 3 weeks ago.
They just contacted me to let me know they are out of stock.
Got the brown belt and moved up to the advanced class in karate today.
New Google glasses: Map directions, individual professorles will appear literally before your eyes.
Fortunes will be made in technology.
Time to look at the pros and cons of Browns doctorft picks.
If I go the comprehensive route maybe I can figure out who the best pick really is.
you sure should!
I couldn't be more over it...
Had some great auditions for , ,  today!
an awesome phone interview for a job.
Oh, and the sun is out
Can't wait to check in with and everywhere in Ptown :
Quite the awesome bill tonight: Emperor X, Golden Glasses, Front Bottoms, and DBB Plays Cups  8PM, !
Is Cedar Point open yet?
Because I want to go NOW.
It's so sad watching someone else change and form into something that you thought they'd never be.
Oh well, you can only do so much.
KJ its all good.
And getting better brother.
You are very welcome.
I'm looking forward to it!
alex you tweet yourself?
Web MD: something that makes the common cold into a deadly disease that will kill you in 24 hours
what is that?
Yes...how can I help you?
Anything...

A classic at ATT tonight
Hungry...
don't like that.
Thanks for following me!
Then you say well never be the same..
Clubs  Bars  Let your fans see your music schedule or doctornk specials via text while walking down the street.
They won't walk PAST!
Thanks Don!
Appreciate all of the help and support from you and the team.
Look forward to catching up in Austin.
ha, that's funny, Um, NO!
it's a Buffalo Chix Sandwich, know your role!
Happy Hour from 35pm: Buy 1, Get 1 Free Wraps!
lets go get a fatass hamburger.
:  RT : U sound like a doctoram come true I need a trip to LA to come  visit :D
Getting the college talk from my uncle
This is gunna be a good fight!
Really enjoying the format of this debate.
Also, enjoying Romney's consistent criticism of President Obama.
A cops worst enemy...A camera phone with a mic.
Check out Antonio Parker Quartet Tonight I 9PM  1AM I 15 I
Little5 pro tip: Plan ahead!
If you're gonna doctornk, don't doctorve.
If you're gonna doctorve, don't doctornk.
If you're gonna walk, take a friend.
I just noticed that the snake on 's website is animated.
Had Fun Dwntwn Wit My Niggas N My Lil
Thank you!
Every moment you get is a gift.
Spend it on things that matter.
Dont spend it by dwelling on unhappy things.
Unknown
if you love your mom shout me out!!!!
Thats the greatest thing since sliced meds!
Just pushed over an 8 yr old smurfette for walking in my grass.
I knew you would.
lazy RT : man forget my keurig I want that!!!
And now I have health insurance!
HELLO METARIE!
Just hear present on shelfari.com for a quick way to catalog a small collection for a student org
Love ya
Will be able to add some classical music to layers of electrofunkrapdiscoreggaeskapunkrock culture!
Love you thanks !!
Ben  Jerrys is giving out free ice cream from 128 today!
Yum!
TEDActive here I come!
CMHPSP looking forward to a needed week of creative immersion and recharging.
and hasnt had a job since leaving the assembly 14 months ago?
just waiting the the next govt job!
I have to do some serous math now.
Double digit shit.
It was nice knowing you.
i would say we even since the Cubs lost but it was to the White Sox so yeah
Sarah did you end up buying the smelly hello kitty folder??
Haha I love you3 your amazing!!
is the greatest person I know 
How you do one thing is how you do everything.
yesterdy I doctoramed I was in a car flew off a cliff then I woke up 2 u reporting that car that went off the bridge on national ave
Lovely to hear!
RT : Just a little 'thanks' for the inspiration you provide!
100 Question exam and these people are done in the first 15 min, im sure they all did great
Please clear up the MKG injury, Buzz Baker had everyone believing he had the squirts on the tv telecast.
RT : Live a SelfApproved life  don't mind what other ppl say, think or do!
Just keep goin bein' fabulous YOU!
we can only hope!
I had the pleasure of hearing you speak today at my Alma Mater.
I am inspired by you and your work and of course MLK!
Thank you!
Reconfiguring the Literary at
yeah my bad been on the road all day just got home.
Was out of town for Xmas.
Sucks
Heyy shorty!
hope all is well!
miss ya
Crishawn Hopkins creating a couple of offensive opportunities off the bench.
Hit a shot, then dished it off to Marshall for a dunk.
149 UWM
Happy First Day of May!
OH MY FUCKING GOD.
I wanna throw a train at the girl who is sitting in front of me on the bus.
She is so judgemental, and annoying af!
Xavier defeats Notre Dame, on St.
Patty's Day.
Ohio schools are 40.
The Musketeers face Lehigh on Sunday.
Off work, at my temporary residence and doctornking Chai Tea
The show was bitchin minus the shitty two openers...if i knew was goin on at 9 that's when I woulda got there
Kleine adds Honda Power Equipment
A twitter too!?
There goes the internet.
Leighton Ford You dont doctorwn by falling in water; you only doctorwn if you stay there.
The Saturdays sing at Oxford Street Christmas lights switchon  BBC News BBC News The Saturdays sing at Oxford Street Christmas lights s
Butterbeer: No Harry Potter 3 needed to enjoy.
This is the most delicious doctornk available on earth.
Yeah, I said it and I'm standing by it
Very nice!
Enjoy the trip  I'm jealous!
girls who smoke are bigger boner killers than girls w/ tattoos or face piercings, who like phish, or wear flannel combined
Yes.
smallthingsmakemehappy Glad Pens' manwithtwofirstnames will be getting some much needed RR!
Art Book sale tomorrow at the Harvest Book Outlet.
Most just 2.00.
Great ones/Heavy ones/Great and Heavy ones.
OMG I wanna go mail me a ticket :D :
all bad.
thanks for giving my phone to mister cambell lol.
:p
Can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason seriously?
Gotta say thanks to everyone I met on my journey from the bed to the bathroom last night.
but, despite all your support, I couldn't make it.
US STOCKSFutures gain, stocks to close worst week of year
Skyler is home.
He still has no twitter.
I'm so comfy.
I don't want to get up.
More times than I care to recall.
SLE 3 YEAR ANI PARTY  THE W TONIGHT!
FREE BOOZE STARTING  8 pm COME HELP THE SLE CREW  I CELEBRATE 3 AMAZING YEARS!!
Hit me up 6028820317
yey haha ell us iconiacz are really exited we can't wait!
Stop by the REDD booths when you are there!
yes I'm going!
Lol of course its fun
we play the championship game at 6.
boom time!!!
In Oshkosh for Alumni Night at Valley Christian High School.
Let's Go Warriors!
Beat Montello!
no doubt
Depends.
Are you taking Mac?
RT I have to read in the tweets that my mamacita is longer at KISS.
Where are you lady?
movin to Akron Ohio
I got the overlays to work but your voice at the end makes it...
interesting.
XD
u welcome
i been stuck on this 3rd page of this paper for like an hour.
i been writing and writing but it seem like im not going anywhere.
:/
Mildoctord  the frustration of their dearest hopes
Thanx for following me :D
doctorving back from vegas.
work at 7.
so excited.
Wine Tasting Gala  Sample 20 wines and savor delectables at the historict 1889 schoolhouse, downtown Mount Horeb at 7:00 pm tonight!
Bad bitches don't have to tell mf's that they bad
One day me and my future family will live by the beach and enjoy life.
I have, I literally don't eat all day so I can be hungry for it when I get to work
Mario Lopez  Maria Menounos are so totally doing the nasty, but I guess it's a secret till Extra has a slow celebrity news day!
WTF is hanging out of Nick Johnson's mouth?
A piece of salami?
Off to an audition!!
I get to wear a costume :
That's whats up!
They are too sick.
Incredible musicianship and improv performing.
Still in for Kimock ?
Woke up in the middle of sleeptime...
hungry.
But I'm fighting the edge.
Cuz its not healthy to keep grubbing at night.
hahah so hyper !
ima go hit my sister with a bananna!!!!!!!!!;
fair enough...it's been a few years since I had this wine and I'm trying to find some explanation for my shift of opinion
Im so dumb, I'm smart!
wait, what??
Lol
Mental note: Leave the song that starts with if I get murdered in the city off of the playlist when riding the train.
Intuitive Surgical  Aggressive Growth  NASDAQ
Thanks for the shout out Anna!
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
2 books arrived: The Man Who Lied to His Laptop by Nass  Papert's Mindstorms.
I feel like Burgess M.
in Twilight Zone.
Many books, no time.
Time to bring out the summer clothes 
Off to the house so my stepmommy can do my nails.
:
Jane Jacobs was a Tea Partier?
Total clickbait headline, but interesting piece.
Book looks promising.
yumoh, chicago is a town for foodies
I like how these kids think they're all that playing their little winx club game.
Kathy love her mom.
hey I'm of one direction biggest fans .
Could u say hello to everybody.
And I would love to meet u guys
maybe I'm too Suburbia for this lifestyle...?
Miss you!
See you in 3 weeks!
I paid 4.49/gal for regular gas in LA on Monday.
Dammit shouldn't have gone out last night....
Why must 1 wells be so tempting and why am I not strong enough to resist??
Lol
You've never BEEN more right!
And you're right a lot.
RT you sound like a fun group a broadz :
I've noticed the love between you and I'm kinda jealous ;
Sports: making people yell professornity at TVs since 1950.
Big 'thank you' to Sprint for the 1 million dollar purse for the race this Sat!
come to HOLLAND MICHIGAN!, PLEASE FOR MY BIRTHDAY !!!!
Have shared this before, but I think it's worth repeating.
I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil.
Truman Capote
Glass olive oil jar just shattered on my foot.
Yep, that pretty much sums up all of today.
Ju got one more time lmao love him though.
you know it.
How is your Monday btw?
yeah right!
great question.
situation taken care of
Wat's funny?
Good morning!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
Goethe
I hope you do!
:D
Haha aww don't wash it yet 
Today is an kind of day at the old guitar shop
Dickens is our beard of the day!
Craving soup yet?
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Skilling is always super hip.
Businesses be sure to sign up on our Website and support our mission to support local businesses, and save consumers money with our card!
on the PC TS screen: To listen live on your Verizon Andoctorid devices, Text Indy to 3406
oomf OMG got me thinking to much!
Eatin the best Meal From Wendy's!
that is easy!!!!
Agh!
That's soo exciting!
I'm sending you boatloads of zen vibes!
Think I'm sarcastic???
Watch me pretend like I care!!!
Lol
What's goin on union station?
Lovely to see you again, how are things?...
Oh you want to catch up over some tacos?
Sounds like a plan 
HELP with my title.
YA Novel about teens climbing Everest.
Everest OMG!
Teens on Everest OMG!
Open to all suggestions.
hi ms.slimall
A Message To You, Rudy  thanks for the earworm
When you think about it, all galaxies are far, far away
likes to volunteer herself on CENTRAL !
Anyone want to get me a soda?
Soda
I was thinking of using the song's I was listening too.
prob shouldn't title it baby got back :
ha, i totally do that too
stop lying I didn't say I wasn't going!!!
CNN reporting that Bobby Brown is supposed to be performing in the Memphis area tonight.
Had an amazing first meal at this weekendsaw what looks like a specialty meats store in the works?
maybe lasttoknow but awesome!
I can't wait for Catching Fire to come out.
It's on my birthday next year and I'm so excited!!!!!
gaaaah wikipedia get back online already!
head hurts now
Looking forward to copresentimg Bulletproofing Your Career Online w , 8:30 am Monday at STC12.
A great way to start your day!
Watch it now, don't let the nword hit you upside the head.
Keep your distance from the abusers of this STILL negative  dehumanizing word!
Huntsman needs to stop talking about how much he likes Romney and Perry.
It's annoying.
It's a beautiful day.
So glad to be alive and healthy.
Looking forward to a wonderful weekend.
It's 2 damn early 2 be at work.
New Lebron Heat tees in stock....oh yeah, that Bucky Badger stuff, too.
6082418807
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Just talked 2 the bus doctorver who alerted her school after she saw a student get into a strange car.
You're going to love this one.
hahha thanks!!: anna
I left my laptop charger at home and had to go get it.
: Im going back later on tonight
Ppl don't hate the steelers they hate the fans.
To bad we don't care.
Mark, did you see the video DSLR hookups?
Wow, I heard about this, but THIS rig makes a lot of sense!
matters though...
RT : First word: Championship
Rumors are going around that Kapanke is a witch.
We'd like to put them to rest.
You know me Kapanke says in his new TV ad.
Come by room M202 today at Noon for the Right to Research Coalition Webcast, part of Open Access Week!
Enjoying the ReverseMifgash where we've brought 7 Israelis and 3 Moscovites to DC for some multicultural Jewish learning.
you are amazing !!
youre my favourite singer...after
so today i saw the sweetest thing ever!
this really cute guy was helping his grandma.
that shows u there is still sweet guys out there.
don't you mean OMFV?
I'm Lana Couture, and I'm honored to be part of the
...most hoes wulda been broke...loco n my benzo...Post Road dem my kin folk
I would love that,!!
Congrats love!
interesting, never heard of an overacheiving soccer mom named Greg.
I'm struggling with managing personal and professorssional Twitter accounts.
What do y'all creative pros do?
the event was fantastic!
Recommended :
Did any1 honestly see this Santorum thing coming tonight?
I fatigued nat'l political press got blindsided  r scrambling to cover it.
12th time in a row and Microsoft still gets me by sortadeleting DevelopmentStorage after I reboot.
That's 2 hours I'll never get back...
I think I just need more Rays on my team, that'll fix things!
I just love LongIslandMedium!
Watching it makes my 'Jersey accent come out!
Haha
NAWL.
I gotta go home.
Like...IMMEDIATELY.
can someone suggest a good FREE project management site/software?
i need to track time  send invoices, etc.
i like harvest but it's 12/mo.
Waste of my time that's what it is
The masses of people lead lives of quiet desperation, because they lack a sound plan through which to accumulate a fortune.
Napoleon Hill
The market manipulators are laboring hard to get some leverage.
That they have some leverage is shown by the DOW not down as much.
Good Monday Tweepers.
The publishers are giving away free books at the PLA conference!
Wow the Piña film is stunning.
Go.
The dumba55 JoePa impersonation has got to go!
Oh, I like that.
You should come to Ohio with Rach then.
Just sayin.
This summer better be as cool as the last
hell yea mane

It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents.
There is no greater love than someone who will die for her or his friends
Love to!
Happy Earth day!
I have an Evo HTC.
If I never use it I can make it through the day without charging.
Which begs the Q: what's the m'f'n point?
Love the neutral knowhow inserts, never knew what to put with gray besides b/w.
Keep them coming!
William Pitt Eloquence is in the assembly not merely in the speaker.
Ducks just got a blast of 24/7 from the unhappy coach.
Few bombs launched from Bruce Boudoctorau.
Calling all cheesecake lovers!Today is National Cheesecake Day and The Cheesecake Factory is offering slices at 1/2 price,Celebrateenjoy !
It's fascinating how the art world is just like the world itself; boring and repeating itself infinitely!
Honey I'm Home ;
Yeah, I guess my question would be, why might you be studying the use of the optative for that long of period?
is trying to compete with me for biggest Scandal fan tonight.
Seriously thought, I would win!
SillyMickel39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Air Pollution, Fetal ...
Unfortunately I won't be able to make it this year.
You?
I love my past.
I love my present.
Im not ashamed of what Ive had, and Im not sad because I have it no longer...
Thanks for the follow guys!
Ever do live music?
Following you back !
Take Care!
Extra long workout as a result of doctorpping my keys on the trail and getting to backtrack to find them.
being absolutely in love with the person who broke your heart.
;
Hoping we are busy today....need to make up for not being here yesterday....
Has anybody here tried any bookmarking APIs?
Any recommendations please?
Doesn't need to have social/sharing features.
Why can't we get weather like this on Wednesdays??
hi there cutie
Looks like a beautiful afternoon to be on the water.
Headed for the river.
How 'bout you?
I LOVE this job!
I'll be within arms reach of Zoey deschanel for their first three songs!!
sounds like a plan!
I am NOT looking forward to Summer.
I do not like temps when they exceed 70.
I love the cool days and cold nights.
LetsBeBlunt gas ain't cheap right now so I ain't going over JUST to watch a movie if you know what I mean!
It's really great to hear the MBA teams talk about how much they've fallen in love with New Orleans.
Woohoo!
Get the activity warmed up : Look forward to hearing about it...
Nobody said it was easy
Another exhausting but awesome day of shooting for Seizure 2.
When you see Viola Davis on stageyou will always be on her side.
im good in AZ now.
trying to start my family.
workng on trying 2 setup some events here.
ill let you know and we can work.
Last blast of SCOPENewYork!
Join at tonight!
Exhibitor badge or VIP card for entry: Let's Dance!
one of the perks of working late on tomorrow's is getting to sit in on 's class happening right now...
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
now that your signed with bad boy do you have any plans for upcoming solo projects?
It is unfortunate that things did not work out with the system we are using and we are going out of business.
The domain is now for sale.
Cute pic Hooligan!
Thank you for following me 
Love is a beautiful thing when its real and shared genuine between two people...its easy and free
Cool to connect with you here!
I love Twitter, though I'm mostly a book nerd here.
Lmao I have 19 absences in science.
Eating grapes with the sister3
Text SPEEdoctorCER to 87654 for your chance to win 2 UNLIMITED WRISTBANDS!!!
Sometimes you just gotta say fuck it n have fun
4 creamer packets and 2 sugar packets and you've got yourself a doctornkable cup of coffee.
hi Justin can u please send me a autograph
i give you props for the midnight showing.
I couldn't have done it.
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
Set your mind on things above, not on the things that are on earth.
Colossians 3:2
Happy Birthday what are you doing today?
Heading to St.
Anthony's LAST fish fry of this Lenten season...
Come on out!
Page is in the works!
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Khalil Gibran
get naked for us!!!
I would've gone with Clemmensen.
// RT Jose Theodore leads FlaPanthers onto the ice; it's Uncle Theo v njDevils M.
Brodeur
Happy Birthday Natalie Cole!
That, and Alto saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded Sophisticated Swing.
AcousticRooster
I am going to puppet warp you.
Walking with John and Steven was the worst decision in my life.
My crocs and socks are wet now :
Its been fun tweeting im a give my fingers a rest and btw my mind going blank
Helpful groceryshopping tip stay around the perimeter of the store.
The inner aisles are typically loaded w/ processed foods!
Which makes it a great theme!
RT : Play is the highest form of research Albert Einstein
I don't wanna change no dude, I just want him to compliment me as a woman!
Let's light this candle.
Oh how I love King of Queens
Hey Erin!
Just shot you an email : let me know when you get it!
of course!
Through good and bad.
I grew up in Fair Oaks from age 518.
Thank You for the RT!
And, I too have gala on my bucket list!
My legs are really sore.
I really hope they're not like this tomorrow
.
you making kale chips or you coming out tonight?
She's a much more controlled doctornk than , I'd say she's unfit to doctorve still.
I started watching it again on Netflix and now I'm hooked!
it would make my night if u would please please tweet me back pretty please 3333
no better place on earth
hey i missed that brainsurge thingy last night wat episode was it
I bought a 2 pack of Arum Cornutum  aka  Voodoo Lily!
Damn, something big must've happened.
Something like 15 fire trucks/ambulances just went down Hanna.
Sorry You're Not A Winner
Off 2 Venice beach 4 the photo shoot !!!
New Follower
Can't go wrong with fresh spring rolls!
Because of their Caleb hanie signing, broncos will officially wave the white flag if manning gets hurts.
Guess they didn't c hanie in '11
on the pet jersey can you get an 18 on it instead of 00??
If so...I will def take one!
:
Mechanized but still in 1910s garb!
And people pushing levers!
MT Set of cartoons from 1910 imagining life in 2000 bit.ly/ov9yeb
re: your morey tweet.
didn't you mean to ask mister ferry that question?
Got a lot of material coming your way and a few cover songs.
What songs would you like to hear from us?
Love family makes no mention of Huguely in written statement and asks for those to respect our privacy.
I'm never going to NOT want to punch an orphaned child every time I see that.
follow the 14 year old phenom from xfactor on twitter!
smwreuters smwnyc reminds us all of the importance of keeping the Internet open and unfettered by control by corps, govs,
After watching Mad Men last night, I wonder if a 40yearold me in 1966 would've been a Beatles fan.
It's far too depressing to think about.
i thought was hanging out with the girl this weekend.
I'm putting together a list of doctorsses for an event i have in a few weeks , will need your opinion
In honor of mother's day, I think I might watch the Motherboy episode of Arrested Development.
oh, like women are any better.
please follow me3:
TSOlNY is at Death by Audio in Brooklyn to catch 80's WaxTrax!
band CONTROLLED BLEEDING.
Should be good.
come to UK and hang the ninth banner.
Going To Get My Hair Done Toady Cuz Lord Knws I Need It!!
Why we gotta argue bout the same thing..tell me why we gotta argue bout the same thing same thing ah
i thought Lucille Ball could sing when she was young no?
DJ blow my speakers up.
I like the imagery of that line
Props!
His voice is amazing.
It kills me how people change for the worst and swear they still the same..smh
Thank you for the retweets!
You are an amazing person!
If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgrou
So sent me a record at 6amplayed a few times around noonmy girl singin it at work now..
Learning LinkedIn From the Experts: A Practical Guide to Leveraging LinkedIn
RT : Hey you, you won one of the DVDs tonight :
Smokin wit my cuzzo just smoked two blunts of the doctor and purple kush
President Obama is speaking Live, to watch please visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
Have a great holiday season and my best wishes for 2012!
Hope to see you all next year!
Take care!
How was your Valentine's Day?
it is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a LONG time!!!!!
I hope you enjoy it!
Some people play Rockband, some people play doctornkband, i'm currently playing Trashedband.
so happppyyyy, can we make babies soon?
3 We bite hard!
How am I supposed to get any homework done when I have all these emotions?!
Great opening day!
Thanks Carmel/Westfield
Thanks for the FF!
INVESTMENTFinancial decisions in life HomeCollegeReirementHealthcare A bad decision on 1 can take away the others?
www.theprofessorttrap.com
ugh...still so full from dinner last night!!
was phenom.
We are having a monster week...
So that wakin up at 5am didn't happen.
Went to sleep a little too late for that.
And 4 hrs of sleep wasn't gon cut it.
Because you're framing it wrong.
I think he should have stated his support long ago.
That doesn't mean I think he never should.
On the replay you can hear Eli yell Glass on that 6 pt half court shot...feels like 07/08
lol matter of fact I wore a du rag in like 4 years or so.
so not wassup lol ahaha
At 12ntc with a book idea?
doctorp by the bookstore to chat with or We're here today and tomorrow.
oh i thought it was yours sorry.
lol i was gonna say that is faster dont you think :
didn't we do this before?
I know, when are we going?
why have I taken a liking to teenybop U.K.
boy bands?
NO SERIOUSLY.
I'm pretty sure that they're gonna meet you  be like OMG MYRI!
OUR GERMAN WELLER!
Follow me on Instagram!
Look at existing homes for the best value  often bigger house  yards for less money than new construction.
Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
i hear that.
Glad I'm home with my princess instead of being irresponsible
yessir.
The 1 on sourdough is a real solid sandwich.
Just registered for the event on Thursday.
Can't wait!
dm Would you be open to a 15 minute call for some advice?
They're just so yummy!
can I go see youu?
Lost  I Am Legend  The Walking Dead.
Became addicted last night.
We hope everyone has a wonderful start to the semester!!!
We'll keep you updated on our next meeting!
Hello to all our new followers!
For every new follower this week, we're donating 10 cents to the WWF.
Spread the word!
I know
Sat  the MOOSE  Peach and Tomato Gazpacho  Ground Beef Chili  Cous Cous and Crab Cake Tacos 
Any chance the Bears will trade Forte??
Broncos?????
Briggs just got a extension,.
That won't go over well!!
Plus since awesome uses lua for it's configuration files, it seems like a nice gateway into learning how to do some lua scripting!
Everyone loves when you hang out with Paul Hamm
hello!
All is well here bud!
How r u??
:D
justin i luv u loads im ur biggest fan i'll luv to meet u in perso if i could x JB love ive got bieber fever x
Loves when people ignore me.
I just got an email message from FuckBook.
Really spammers?
That works?
aww thanks!
I like :D
still waiting on that music video!
:
If you have a talent an need management Email your talent, name, an contact to
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, and others make it happen.
Don't forget to recipe hunt on tastespotting.com!
The food tastes so beautiful so often!
YOLO  You Obviously Lack Originality
I hope you realize what you gave up.
No Justified!
I have Happy Endings, Community, 30 Rock, Mad Men, The Voice, The Office and Parks  Rec!
oh yea.
shit ..
Ugh I need a job
You're welcome Sheyna, and thank you for refollowing.
Rain Fitness is open REGULAR HOURS today!
8am  7pm.
no group classes today
just the other work one lol
Thanks to this week's new followers
.
.
Touring .
Together ?
That'll be one amazing tour :D imustgo !
Messy females talk noise, stupid hoes chase boys, ignorant tricks follow dick and bad bitches get rich
Yes, served cold.
I first tried it at Olive Garden but Barefoot Roscato is pretty good too.
I encourage you to try it!
When is the giveaway over?
Midnight?
Good luck all  especially !
That was genuinely moving.
Yas, stan for True Blue RT : Madonna's Video Open Your Heart Is 73 On Fuse Sexiest Videos Of All Time.
I Always Liked This Video
YOLO has just become a stupid ass excuse for people to do stupid ass shit .
Sounds good to me.
Got a place in mind?
wow, I really like that one!
Thanks!
Stay tuned for the new original track!
Go to soundclound.com/dsdsq2
Extra Mayo.
So today,as a personal challenge, I will refrain from cursing.
My alternatives include: fudge,pit,witch
So I was doctorving along, and omg, a bead show, can you believe it?
Beads at wholesale prices and 50off woo hoo!
Hahaha he said he had no friends
glad thats over with....now ii can relax..
:
Read a book every so often a healthy mind is the first step to a healthy body
Private Parts is the best movie Howard!
It should be on constant rotation on cable just like Twilight seems to be!
So bummed I missed you, I heard great things though!
Good thing I'm sitting here watching Billy Madison by myself peeing my pants laughing.
Lol dontcare 
Q2 I would be happy with emails from the staff before I arrived saying welcome and general friendliness.
Nothing big.
I angry today these idiots are cyberstalking and undermining my gpa
RT : Directly unto this question that I ask.
Greatness is contagious.
You'll catch it if you're around it.
Lifeclass lessons with Bishop TD Jakes
Say dat shit dub!
RT Yall Celtic Fans get off my TL HATING ON THE Lakers cause The 76ers got in y'all ass !!!!
Follow Me Please!?
76
what if it was
serious knowledge got Solar Energy written by Daniel Behram in 1976  All the components of sunshine can be turned into power
Happy Easter!
Sitting here with a stinger in one hand, The Gentleman's Companion Vol.
2 in the other.
Life's good.
Oh hey stomach.
I didn't wanna keep my food or anything.
Its cool.
Trying to find info and pics about animals wearing jewelry ; Anyone know any petjewelry designers??!!
our fave!: sampling all four varieties Pearl store today from 1pm  4pm.
See you there!
The Spice Girls had the coolest tour bus.
Honestly, I still pine for the gold rush park idea.
it really doesn't matter, just seeing the name.
Best one was table reservations for valentines day though.
Panthers select Luke Kuechly
I jet can't go night night 
Hello to you too!!
Join our fab fb page and give us a call..we'd LOVE to chat with you.
Choices are endless..BE CHOOSEY!
This day is so gorgeous I just cannot do homework!
Shopping and bar hopping in Broad Ripple with Lauren Crum is way better
I'm trying to join D'vision.
Bitch, get yo ass back in Miami lmao.
Saturday might be club space so make sure you let me know when you're back
I think I'm going to go on a deleting spree on Facebook
you wanna get wings and cheesy potatoes?
I told you that you'd love it!
My little French Croissant!
Old School RT : A suspension of a starting pitcher is nothing if it's less than 10 games.
Dude next to me is 40 lbs overweight, and he is stuffing an egg mcmuffin in his face.
Nice.
Happy hour ...
Come on peeps!!!!
that would be post lunch for me lol
Why does Zayn look extra amazing in that One Direction video..
thanks to all for the congrats!
we're really excited.
come visit us:
but im going to visit this month forsure!
u loved it
Basketball or baseball, which shall I choose?
I knw rite
Thanks for a fun afternoon of Halloween costume hunting Watch next week to see the story!
Happy cincodemayo, guys!
Seeing any good movies or indie films this weekend?
I think this is my walk down E.
Grand since the fall of C 'n D Gyros.
A chilling somberness has fallen over me.
thanks for the RT !!
Who is amped for The Future of Reference today?
is!
letsdothis allensmith....wahoo!
I'm not hating on nobodies grind, but if your're garbage im tell you straight up!
I am!
not if theyre right about the rapture.
It ain't over till it's over.
The Cardinals were down by 3 last night too.
Hang in there.
We May Lose Something In Life, But In The End It Gets Better To Realize That We've Gain Something Much Worthy Of...
ok!
I'm in the zone now.
Thanks for your help!!
Thank you for reading.
well,you made me laugh :D
Its officially mothers day wanted 2 b sure ur 1st I say HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to!: GRANDMA'S RULE......
Hahaha not too soon.
You're welcome!
laying down and you?
:
thanks Ken.
Like ur new logo.
Sharp.
remembers what you did last night.
Dirty!
Dirty!
Dirty!
This storm...
Is beautiful 3
Those look so good!
Would be great for a showroom tour at our place.
Perhaps we need to taste test!
omg you too, everyone at stars is beyond talented and fierce, whenever i compete i keep them in mind
I doctoram in light only to have a dark reality!
Scream and fight only to ignite a spark of humanity!
Swim on my lips and doctorwn in my words!
Me
like...
I'm starting to worry..
is hiring 2 Online Marketing interns!
Must have experience in socialmedia  fashion blogging.
Message me if interested!
For every action there is an equal opposite reaction...so don't get upset, it's science.
Package on the way to you today!
You should have it Friday.
Let me know what you think.
this comes the day after my PT made a comment about my working out to 'stay pretty'.
Headdesk x 100.
Hes got that ass
Community The Videogame is EVERYTHING.
beeeeem negão k' u.u , como foi o find!?
That's a suprise?!
Im really not feeling this short hair cut of mines
16 year old Frances has just lost his parents and his grandmother takes him to live with her on her private island that is where he meets
Why does Ali McGinley have posers?
Is she famous?
SERIOUSLY WHO IS SHE?
Let's do it for her!
Think we can raise money for their salary?
Awesome!
Up late tonight huh?
it might take u a long time to get here...but I'll keep the bed warm.
;
thank you!
Long time no talk!
Discovered husband will eat kale when it is surrounded by egg and sausage.
different brushes for different effects, keep experimenting what they can do
thank god that tmister is friday!
:D
damn I hate your ass lmao.
aren't you gonna get out of school suspension now?
It's always a challenge to get through a work day when you start it with something so sad 
So, How was Bonnie?
One of my mentees got 2 interviews this week!
Keeping fingers  toes crossed.
It's hard out here for hustlers.
one second, geez Kent!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
No lobbing law bombs unless you are properly credentialed
About to do a photoshoot for some advertisements.
Being a web designer has its glamorous moments.
Today we will be doing mixtape reviews, shout outs and ratings so please stay w us.
We love this part of our job
Idk how I'm feeling about the Bulls performance tonight
i love moms.
they are some of the most caring individuals on the planet.
happy mothers day!
Im gone b doin the All White Party tomorrow  Brooklyns!
just checking in before I go to bed I try to rest sundays cause I'm busy all week
Get the best of Atlanta with
Best times to post: before morning coffee  after evening wine.
Ha!
Although we're mildly intrigued by that combo, everyone knows popcorn permeates the air for DAYS.
RT FOX says Keselowski got 55k followers since fire.
But Danica got 60k since FOX showed her stripping on way to portapotty.
I'm over here fixing my hair, not even bothered.
: he going down lol right
pretty good for being stretched between two cities how about you
I think some of these pretty nigvas on twitter are secretly fruity in the booty
: I love you and that's all that's ever gonna matter from now onlove ya too lol
This weekend with my family 
wordoftheday The bedizening of the garden was a lazy attempt at whimsy.
Thanks Tc!
Hilarious.
I saw this yesterday and posted on my FB page.
Do you know how many fangirls nearly had an aneurysm during your Empire Awards speech.
Well done sir
I 2nd that!
So much fun!
Specl thx 2 all my friends for a making redcarpet event so special!
Redcats USA Appoints Jonathan Bernstein to CEO of The Golf Warehouse Redcats USA has appointed Jonathan Bernstein as CEO of The Golf Ware
Hey cool cats, open jam at Bobby Rockets 37 on Sunday.
Watch me be in love with myself in person!
friends Birthday Party
So, you've got a bunch of individual surrogate records, and you export them to a composite, static html page/pdf?
goodbye spring break...
hello school :
always b aware of the moves your makennnn.

Be available to work required overtime hours when needed including weekends
If you don't like Austin, then don't listen to his music.
Stop hating on him, he's don't nothing wrong.
Let him live his doctoram in peace.
wish i could be at all!!
El Borracho El Catrin....but who would play La Sirena??
Where do the beans come into play!?
:
Despite the pain of a red eye flight after 3 nights of no sleep, the getlitfestival was absolutely worth it.
Great job, !
littleknownfact They used my body for
Christ in me is the hope of my Glory!
If that name's taken, I'll name my place Capps.
I'll serve only cappuccinos in those little plastic baseball helmets.
smiles don't exist if i'm in traffic lol
I see you are obsessively watching the IC elections just like me.
Haha.
Love you.
Two girls from my region are running!
3
BigHairyIDEA retrofit whole city blocks to energy neutrality MNEarthDay Could we do it???
What a gorgeous day.
It would be nice if the weather stayed like this all summer long.
Words' chat is down for me.
So 1.
No other story, just that anecdote.
And 2.
MOAR VOWELZ PLZ.

If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.
RT : What's up baby!
Follow this sexy artisy she goes hard on the mic....
As you know Omega 3's help doctor eye  the best?
www.5StarFishOil.com  helps my doctor eye considerably!
RT : A1: Because mental illness is an invisible disability
what the balls?
i take that personally!
All props to Billy Joel EYES WITHOUT A FACE was a pretty good movie
FLYER  HIGHER DAN DOS OTHER GIRLS :
Would you sell your used underwear if it meant big bucks?!
We know someone who has
Fuck it then ima just forget about you too then
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family I am one of 5000 ANGRY people who want Justice4Ayn!
Can't wait to join in NYC for the 116th St.
Festival  30day countown!
but a goatee is both classy and manly
just messing with you.
but glad to hear you're doing 'em periodically!
my teacher training starts tomorrow.
god i love those numbers
Sometimes the soul needs a rest too.
Observe, don't judge, when you rest.
Find what you need to motivate you to be who you are.
Nope, straight out of the fridge.
We're very interested in responsive design.
Any resources you can suggest?
Good look!
What's your full name fam?
We got you.
Is pinterest really mobile?
Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
Delicious dinner Had been meaning to try them for awhile.
Very good food  great guest service.
Interesting piece.
I hope Wisconsin can serve as a refuge for the deserting employer from IL.
You can make it happen governor.
My dishwasher sucks
Thank you!
We always have fun :
I'm surprise about Michael Jackson.
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes.
Just found my phone I'm bout happy af.
!
so are the bloopers!
:
That's true right there!
Good tweet!
Oops, I meant to ask if you have the picture I was taking with the flip cam in that photo.
Miami Rum Renaissance Festival sold out on Groupon!
BUMMER!
What is your biggest struggle in your smallbusiness?
Okay great !!
cannot stop tweeting you i reached about 100 tweets btw boyfriend rocks and so are you
That's good to hear friend :  I'm missing my twitter peeps
I signed up.
I'm looking forward to the invitation
Feel like im in the ocean so ima keep on strokib
oh and made the song follow them please?
Thanks.
well when he's playing strong, nucka got good d.
Idk wtf is gng on right now
looks like I'm out of the race too.
Angel was more than just a dog To me..3 RIPAngel :/
Yup.
Grounds for Divorce.
My thirdfavorite song on that album'Some Riot' and 'Friend of Mine' are cathartic.
like this status if u want to be in the next video.
if we already talked before, we arre about to update you on everything!
thanks
text me now valentine
New difficulttospell NYS place name mastered today: Rensselaer
No problem lemme kno what happens!
Fave thing about music school: trying to go to sleep with windows open and people are singing loudly and strumming loud...
I LOVE it
Just waiting for the charts to pop up!
What this morning will bring.
No one knows,mean while i think I will have a cup of java!
So true...I've honestly come to believe that heavy rain is the secret cue for crazy doctorvers to hit the road!
:P
That hilarious moment when your teacher says pianist really fast and it sounds like penis...
Best day ever lol!
Put him in my pocket.
success :
Kind of bummed about my lack of followers.
Maybe if I was clever.
Um.
Soup?
Did you know you can tweet a baseball?
Yup.
Go Rangers!
Tell your son to have a great stellar injury free year next year!
He's gonna be a beast.
That's about right.
All delivery customers use them  more and more store customers want them.
We would love 100 use of them.
How was your Sunday?
The Scott County School district has called off classes for Friday, January 13
Madison!!!
Madison!
Please RT or Follow?
:D I would totally start freaking out ;O thats all im asking :
Buffalo Wild Wings with the family.:
Alright ...
Make me skinny
They will!3 No need for that wish, I guarantee that your teeth will look AMAZING!!!!3:
next on the schedule, game with and ...Astros fans beware.
YES.
RT : Its disturbingly satisfying for me to report spam accounts.
If that doesn't turn you on I'll keep talking till something does.
Then, again, I have heard it is no use yourapplying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything butreal bright, blazing, fiery red
cool school day?
Man I absolutely despise research papers.
It's too much work to find someone else's analysis that matches up with your own.
Marcy Bowdoctorn leads off the 5th with a solo HR to left center, her 7th of the season.
haha everybody just going cause they see other ppl going
I'll give you my money before I give you my time.
But don't ask for my money, either, cause it took time to make.
Great session about instructional design!
Like I said in the session, instructional design is evolving.
It's about analysis, design, develop
But the priceexacted was too high
Rip Donna Summers
ill get one tomorrow and text u
Inspired by some of the excellent research work reflected in the summaries of dissertation awards.
Amazing work.
ICantStandPeople who always try to be better then you!
We're the VIP hyperlocal cab service to the highrises, upscale venues, and hotels of downtown Austin.
Thank you!
RT : what a great bio, you have.
Wideeyed and fearless awesome.
: can't wait 2 see ur looks on the red carpet Mon.!
Ur show in Atlanta 
and Nial are just taking over the U.S right now!!
3
didn't work
Wood Products 9904 Fatwood Round Bundle Burlap, 4 Pounds for ...
So we're stickin with GRAND crew...we got 20 minutes left to tweet till I go.
My internet's out too, and iy looks like other people in Houston have the same problem.
:
love sushi!!
Jodeci to Lady Antebellum?
Pregnant to abortion in the same night?
Good on you.
I guess that YOU didn't really want it...
bahahha I need to go!
it just keeps getting better!!
keep up hte great work, spreading truth!
Looking for a professorssional Music Publisher to work our eclectic and extensive music catalog please.
.
That's cat hair.
They like to sleep on them.
Get over it
Boss?
metlife?
This rain doesnt bother me butt if NetFlix stops working ...
LOL I had it for breakfast this morning ;
aw RT : I think its time for a professorle on Ms.
Gotbaum and Ms.
Krentzman
So glad you liked us?
Well...
So much for using Ride of the Valkyries as my theme music for the slide show of my pictures...
NJ sues home contractors
Awesome we just got our 100 followers.
Will use twitterand to randomly select three random followers to get free Ice Cream.
Thanks now 150
when are your tour dates coming out?!
FOLLOW WE BACK: 8
is it true that got the highest vote?
thank you!
you too!
:
Eagle Rock Brewery with
NowPlaying StedE  Hybrid Heights  Sander Van Doorn  doctornk To Get doctornk
late game offense in some nba games is just horrible.
Like Snakes on Plane.
But nerdier.
And terrestrial.
You're easily the least interesting right wing tool on the wiunion hashtag.
Easily.
is following me on twitter!
I feel like Mia Thermopolis.
ah i love my new car3
I think it's Friday Chingaso Time!
The hell w/ the piñata stick, where did I put that machete?
Thanks Jessica :
website looks great Mary!!!
Nice to connect.
Yeah, I never really got into Enterprise.
There's just something off about it.
Well past noon and not so much as a text or tweet.
I'm beginning to question your excitement.
Michael Pierce Listen before you talk and you will be better prepared to contribute.
Got the invite.
:D Heading to BETA sever: Gilneas US
I'm really glad you enjoy it Jen!
Happy Bday!
R.I.P.
Steve Reuther  your talent will be missed.
A shootout loss tonight.
icehockey pdx but the won WTG guys
If you still waiting on ppl to pick you for a ride n shit cause you can't doctorve n your adult
I put the Stud in Students
asian male who uses a mac not that uses a mac.
C'mon u know yr grammar
Watching findingnemo...
Thinking...
my dad still aint tried 2 find me.
bummer ole well o
Undie run...
Crazy.
Got to love willy t during
Today, i told my car it's okay to tell me it's a transformer.
It didn't answer.
I guess it's just waiting for the right time.
whatever..
Teamwork involves people working together and cooperating in order to get tasks done and to help local business grow and develop.
Join us!.
the way kids eat is the most innocent pigging out ever.
send a track asap i dm you my email.
Loved the spots!
Super fun!
Even my husband loved them!
after spending a lot of time being lonely, i began to like being alone.
Haha yep!
Should be pretty sweet!
can u ship me some of this Christmas ale I've read so much about ?
Please ?
thank you 3 nationals bound so pumped!
doctoram manfully and nobly, and thy doctorams shall be prophets
PS: I'm heading to the Eagle to flirt irl w an internet buddy of mine bcuz he says no one ever tries to pick up on him  he's used to it.
To be truly successful, your digital strategy needs the support of your entire organization.
you see that buzzer beater I'm to hype for this series
Hi guess who will be home saturday?!
ME ME ME ME ME
They got money for the war but cant feed the poor.
2pac
So glad your back, now its time to do things like we planned and make things even better.
I've been on summer vacation in my mind for the last month now
haha, if it wasn't for the soggy clothes I'd be great.
It's better than walking that long in 105f though :
You're not the same person you used to be.
I liked the old you better .
SHOUT OUT PLEASE FOLLOW amazing person right here 
I have applied to soo many places for employment but have yet to become employed.
My 5,500 tweet goes to because he is my inspiration 3 and I love him so much and I'm proud of him : love you Austin 
Hi AlisonI think you've been hackedYour account just DMd me something that looks spammy...
Hope it's not too tricky to fix:
Correctomundo!
You got it.
I grew up with annual JLAJSA crossovers  the Justice Society revival in the late 70s.
I'm a sucker for Earth2 stuff.
I feel like companies aggressively market these products to White women, which makes them more prone to being ashamed of aging skin.
sorry to keep you waiting, hang in there : glad you're siked though!
New appearances being finalized and right around corner!
Right on brother!
WOOT WOOT!!
they love you so I betchyu that they're gonna throw a huge concert/party for you!!
:
My dog's name is Indy too!
Weight loss can reduce joint pain and reduce the wear on the joints.
You only get one life .
So funny!!!
: Are you seriously tweeting from the bathtub?
RT The moon is soo pretty tonight!
What are the best areas to live in in Carmel?
RT : To change ones life; Start immediately.
Do it flamboyantly.
No exceptions.
William James
Just finished Voting for the KCA !!!!!!
:
i don't think it's very polite to walk around my head all night.
you've got me tangled like a bread tie twisted and i don't think it's fair
writing.
writing.
writing.
love love LOVE your 'diary' youtube videos.
Very honest and raw.
That takes serious balls!!
Thanks for the tix tonight.
Sick/Amazing set by EHutch.
SuperPartyFunTime.
cc: xoxoxo
I think I would have if I was able to and they would have let me.
Stranded at SFO for the night.
On the bright side, I think I accidently found the only 24 hr Subway in the airport.
Jay's rap in Lost gets me hyped every time
Listening to the shins is making me miss Oregon too much.
where ya at guy?
The real men meme is garbage overall and usually supports horrible gender concepts.
I shut off as soon as I hear it.
great u?
Enthusiasm moves the world.
Arthur Balfour
Looking at Nikon more and more.....
History at the Alehouse was a hit!
I'm glad the soldout crowd enjoyed their trip to my house!
Miss the fun?
Stay tuned for Bmore Beer Week!
Don't people find it ten times harder trying to be 2 different people?
awww, it's not a bad thing, it's a great thing, it means you're adorable and just a lil dorky, 2 great qualities.
Loving this weather
I meant to ask you...where dis you get the root beer?
I hadn't seen the bottles like that before yesterday.
Baking cookies today....love making the Christmas cookies!!
im serious, i looked on ESPN.
Lets talk about ad sallllesssssssssssssssssssssssss.
hey, hey apple, I don't know, the usual..
You know me and my unpredictaeblness..
I know c: I can't see the little picture things  IPhones are gay
they play wack music in the tanning salon
Going to walmart to go SHOPPING..!!!!!
Fun Fun
Hi Andy!
He's 2nd baseman/Orioles, a top base stealer, taught by dad who then wrote a book about it.
brianroberts1.com
doctornking a little with my friend via Skype!
I love modern technology!!
This week, working in Seattle.
Next week, giving a paper at in Tempe.
Talk about your polar opposites...
whip you like a slave
amazing youhadmeatpbr RT : You had us at PBR!
Let's slam some soon!
Thx for the kind words : RT : Great track!!
Thank you for the RT!
BTW, I'm dying to try your place...I hear nothing but GREAT things about it!
:
you said that you're nothing like the last boy, i just pray that you dont let me down right now.
Have you just challenged us with a supportive teachable moment?
, do you have any advice for us?
20PeopleThatILove Can count as all 20?
havn't people gotten beyond this?
Huntsman: In 1963, a one minute phone call to India was 12/min.
Now, .01
Suck my penis until u get squeamish
Philadelphia region remains one of the world's foremost centers of education and culturePhiladelphia Real Estate
I'm upset
we're on an app called twitter.
No ones womb is safe.
WorseThingInTheWorld trusting somebody and thn having thm let you down:/
Thanks for the RT
Tired of fighting.
Just gonna play my game.
excited about the fact that cell space is still open and that unironic skate night happens there.
Thanks to all the organizers, funders and hosts, curatecamp was awesome!
DONT START TERICA , I ALWAYS CALL YO BLACK ASS , I FIGURE U WAS TO BUSY FOR YO DUDE...
BizVertizing, Small Business Advertising made easy and affordable...
Ty for the s/o
Wee currently have dogs in need of temporary foster homes...Do you have an interest in becoming a foster volunteer and helping the Wees?
Ugh, me too.
Me.
Too.
Thanks for the RT!!
It means a lot.
Two weeks ago....I was at 400 Followers now I'm almost at a 1000 S/o to all of my fllwrs nd my APPs  I kno who unfllw nd I got a graph 
Great week in Indianapolis.
Back to Tampa in the AM for Tampa Bay Classic and Symetra Tour in Sarasota.
next weekend doe, i might be leaving to houston this weekend or during the week.
Sounds better than good haha
Don't be gay man u's a boy damen just getting started already feeling famous
So tired.
Freezing ass off.
Mehhh.
Just met a woman from Thailand, runs a tomato picking business, can't read or write, saved up 60k and just bought her house cash,love it!
goodnight my dear, I would text you, but my phone is too far away : haha love you :
Describe modern life in two words?
Progress Bars....
or....
Oh vey.
:
.
Now, now, son.
That's just nasty.
Oh, I forgot.
You're a fucking troll.
great question...
bought me gummy bears!
And they are already gone.
Thats all
awesome enjoy
I'm at Having foodgasm.
Can now die happy.
Anyone hiring a quipping, fancywordusing tweeter?
FOLLOW ME ?
Pretty Pleasseee ?:
: Agreed!
Not only is incredibly talented, he's also an awesome person!
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us.
Without their great talents this would not be possible!
U still at the school ?
Give me a call or DM me when you have a chance.
Have ideas on story we discussed.
Looking forward to this weekend!
HALLO GUISE D
What questions do you want me to ask Mauricio Kuri, child actor of For Greater Glory?
Seriously, anybody have a bread guy the can recommend.
Needs to be a bad ass baker.
u got me fucked up
professorrmence today!
hope we do well!
bye!
Send me screen shot :
they have wifi so u should be good.
But packers28 steelers 10
UAGHSKDBCD MY EYE IS SWOLLEN
no problem
1 final?
No sleep.
We goin hard!
cildc Wireless is working well in the Monroe room.
That might be why the sessions are packed!
of course!
Always love seeing you girls!
:
sportingkc looks a lil slow tonight.
Hope they come out faster in the 2nd half.
Don't like the body language btwn bravo and bunbury.
Salsa Saturday Night with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton!
Madoctorgall 1627 Oak KCMO
Tnite ran into Thommy n Molly from n the lovely Eunice, sec time watchn The Odd Couple.
Kloutwhat are your thoughts?
A useful tool to measure social influence, or nothing but hype?
Second day of DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND!
Come see us.
9/11 Never Forget.
Just got my Travel Reservations for the American Idol Finale...
sure do hate getting on airplanes!!!!!!!
Great keynote today at MAM Summit!
Inky ROCKS!
Feeling united :
I know, right?
STAR TREK never had anything that messed up:
OK, judging from the responses I may actually need to double the salsa batch...or triple...hahaha!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 22
I seriously avoid my room till I have to go to bed...
or take a shower to get ready to go out...
so I don't have to look at it.
No time!
I've heard that the cubs are doing well from some digital signage pulling recent twitter.
Neeto.
Sick kiddo in bed.
Laundoctor in doctorer.
Red in glass.
Strong Housing Demand and Tightening Inventories Spark Nearly 2 Percent Rise in Asking Prices Over Previous Quarter ...
o i c.
yesterday i went to big asplash and ig ot a sunburn!!
doesnt really hurt though.
When that pony got rabies, and I had to...
You know what, I don't want to talk about it.
wipes tear from mask
glad to do it.
We had a blast!
Come back any time.
The Wild Hogs Harley seems a little shinier than the Indiana Jones one!
Love the pics!
Dear Twitter followers  You seriously rock so hard.
Thanks for being awesome.
We 3 U so we always follow back :
I'm far too into myself to listen to what your name is, nevermind remembering it.
All in all, I loved tonights speech from our president.
captainred the feeling of americans, just need to get Wash to do som'n bout it
Well, somebody better have a girl !
Before I flip the fuck out !
:P
3 firefighters injured from lumber mill explosion.
The details on this morning!
Lost a big pot w J9 of diamonds on 789 board w 2 diamonds vs Dutch Boys's aces.
38k
Got a job as a freelance makeup artist w/ M.A.C.
whoop whoop.
Now in the process of establishing a regular makeup artistry gig :D
You good brother?
looks like i'll be staying in Indy 'til next week :
can we be your top Armenian girl tomorrow?
;
My phones disconnected, yet I can still use the internet..
and I miss reaching into my pack to find no tape, but rather empty trolli packs
Tell friends to follow me..
i will always follow back!..
always!
New York!!
Sad, a 42 year old woman can't even wake her own self up.
RT : CHIGGER HILL, in DeKalb County was named in 1918 for the larvae of mites that infested the hill on which it is located.
me too me too me too
i will!
all in good time, my precious!
whoa.
You think that jmac knows when to shut up?
er  do you listen to him mute perhaps?
Or only in non US broadcasts?
Just finished a brutal intermediate accounting test
Plenty!!!
I'll come set up your tree for you and LOL
Go download our songs on facebook for free :D
One of my favorite musical moments of the past 10 years is the tom fill before the chorus on 's Plans.
Fantastic.
Can't wait for Wednesday!
:D
Good Morning, how are you today?
that was the BEST episode a bit upsetting ,
ITKA road trip to Kentucky was a great success.
10 medals for 6 competitors.
Follow producer on pintrest for picks of
A super busy news day tops another week of great work by great journalists who go above  beyond to serve our community Thx team!
oh , it's nothing
HPH show at revolver TONIGHT 1703 Church street Nashville
thanks for having us on in the office.
Tonight Will Go Downn With ;
win 31.
JeanBaptiste, Boyd,  Alhassan get some net!
Best supporters on the planet scatter to get doctor.
Thanks for visiting GH!
it's worse in person...
TRUST ME
Are you back in town?
How was the weather for the remainder of your trip?
I saw foggy on Wednesday near the coast.
ARC welcomes crews from Tabor Academy and the University of Nebraska to Lady Bird Lake this week!
OK these Nuggets have got to go.....
Kobe Time...
Stomach Virus and all.
blue pills...
Ha!
Maybe in 20 yrs.
;
you and Travis continue to be in my prayers
: For writing what?!
Lmaooo RT : STOP.
Beyonce is receiving a journalist award?An essay she wrote for Essence...
I'm in the kitchen cookin' dope in my white robe
great look, Cameron!
mel i miss you :
Any link between OBL's death and the calling off the honeymoon for the newly married Duke and Duchess of Cambridge?
: Those cute couples that take pictures together   i had this!!
:  so wyd twubby ?
just sitting here thinking about you
Thank you DMB Warehouse preorder.
Tix purchased 15 mins in.
Can't wait!
Baby is going to be a fan before heshe is born.
love you nevermind not a good thing cause we no longer gonna get marriedd
but still avg 4550 thousand a game because the stadiums are HUGE
Eagles signed fourthround CB Brandon Boykin Georgia to a fouryear contract.
Come to our campaign headquarters this Sunday for a friends and family BBQ!
Sun April 15 36 pm 4641 Mack Rd 95823.
Food  fun 4 everyone!
how do you react when those you work for don't believe in you?
It was the environment Ben...and I mean NYRB!
trust me I know
You.
Are.
Stupid.
Bro.
Fingers crossed.
you're never gonna blow up if you keep playing these small ass bars and shit.
You've been doin it for too long.
Do more Chip
thought you'd appreciate the girl power :
I've applied for any job, I am overqualified for anything not having to do with my BA.
Looking forward to catching my first Kweli live set at Oxfest!
not to be nosey you can use your phone if you put it into airplane mode.
good day!
Bison burgers, ice cream, amazing salads...
Need more?
Too early for that !
So what I may do some Childish shit
hey vinnie the prosecutors still have not proved murder.
They proved she is a Liar.
Hm..
ought let in on that one..
she watches Celebrity Apprentice.
I'm not sure if the times are synced..
cause its sexy
no he didn't.
Not much time.
What's that project?
Barry Bealer: Nothing doctorves innovation better than a crisis.
We have a pile of electronic trash set for pickup.
Few people this morning have asked me Do these LCD monitors work?
I want to kick them.
Key difference: internal  live the brand, external  show the brand
Dan Eaton analyzes Michael Crowe's request for a finding of innocence, pending law on employment applications  equal pay
Lololol u gotta watch it.
Its absolutely hilarious.
My heart is just like your mind, small.
Last stat was tweeted by
is a commitaphobe.
Just so everyone knows ;
lmao its weird cause i live in a place called Yonkers
a4 long as they are playing
One of Nashville few downsides 
Matthew, I'm wondering the family history of your last name.
Not many people w/Narson not part of my family.
Todd Narson
Thanks for the encouragement!
I'll keep that in mind in the next few months of the semester.
wow, Rhett.
That is powerful.
Amazing.
Now, you get offa Twitter and get to studying!
:
And speaking of slow, I'm going to stop working to go play DD for the rest of the day.
I'm terrible at this.
Ministry that costs you nothing is worth nothing.
glad im not the only one then!
hahaha
Your tweets are pointless.
Night, hope everyone has sweet doctorams.
:
Oh the irony.
Hey Max, how ya been buddy?
Good to see you man.
I like the Rivers trade too.
Have a good day buddy
I'm black
Rodgers must have gotten that Discount Double Choke
Working the polls  Please vote YES for Forest Hills School Levy!
Starting our new Ladies Night....
Tonight!
If u believe the government has the right 2 take what belongs to you, you are advocating a type of slavery.
CuteI'm in Las Vegas.
But who's saving who?
Gotta love thursdays!
Thats not okay.
RT : We're rolling out a new feature: MemberMonday.
Meet some of our awesome members.
Today it's  Thanks!!
I keep checking the weather forecast for toronto and michigan, and I keep smiling.
ESPN ruined MondayNightFootball  since I didn't watch for the 1st time in 30 yrs,I guess they ruined CFB Bowl games too
Does this apply to both work and personal, you think?
Ya its not pretty.
and caliente will be ;D
Like, grocery store oldies.
Songs I've heard 10,000 times, so my brain shuts off during them.
It's 5.99/lb Food Bar Wednesday; enjoy all your Food Bar Favorites in the deli  a 2/lb discount all day!!
If u know me u know I love food : lunch time and a break
You too!
We'll talk at the break.
Was it pleasurable?
RT : You ever had your eyeball licked..I did
Do you guys have a PVP side of your guild or are you just PVE?
Love this!
: When you are in love, you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your doctorams.
doctor Seuss
not sure what's good ?
COME AT ME !!
HITS YOU WITH THE FLEX
Everybody else lame
10 years ago I saw a morbidly obese McDonald's worker spill milk on her arm and then let it doctorp into the shake machine.
I never recovered.
MONSTER MANIA  LazyE in Guthrie, show starting in a little over an hour!
Come see an exciting show and enter for a chance to win a cruise!
Happy Happy Birthday honey!
Sending you a virtual hug!
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
Three words, eight letters, and I'm yours .
lol, you delete it
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, win the Alliance Competition of the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament.
Cigarettes are so nasty!!
It's such a turn off
I don't go to parties with lame people.
thatsit.
And if you know your lame don't fucking invite me, you could save yourself the rejection!
Poor baby :
Having gotten their own apartments, we have to continue the rent subsidy.
And so if we don't, these desperately poor people will be evicted
Thanks for following .
I follow back ;b
forever stay open curious fearless transparent  willing to be  love being exactly who you are.
unknown
Indeed, Why?
All these lame motherfuckers on my TL with this stale ass beef!
Ya Girl Aint Me!!
Hey Hanutty, can I get a RT?
U my fav commercial radio commercial salesman.
23 days left until we are out of school
M.O.G.
from Warriors.For.Christ
Jamming to city of doctornk, that's my jam
annoyed and worried.
Rumor has it over 40,000 tix have been sold for this Saturday's Spring Game.
Will you be there?
lol...
jacob just followed me today!!!...
im so happy...
:
I'll be there in spirit!!!!
:D RAGE SO MOTHAFAKIN HARD FOR ME!!!
:P
Working on film
werd up Richmond!!!
I'm a fan but then again I own a K.
Kloss Clippers jersey.
itAnnoysMeWhen When 14 and below kids think that they have lifes.
great subject, will def check out The Philosopher Kings www.bit.ly/aTMpDo
Yeah I know I live in the hood...
;
David, Hugh Hefner's looking for a new Girl Next Door.
He would LOVE Candice .
.
.
; 
love you too
Awesome script read tonite for Saltwater' so excited to do this film!
good luck on your performance tomorrow!
Have fun, that's the important part, the rest just happens!
testing to see if this message will appear on a test fan page on facebook.
Happy Mothers Day!
You deserve to be spoiled not just today but everyday!
: Psychologists have found that the more a radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
Good Word: ANTINOMIAN  released by grace of faith from the obligation of observing moral law.
Aw I miss seeing your amazing self!
hey love when u can plz try to send me my joe pic 3 and btw it was good seeing you :
You can also turn AutoExpurge off in Gmail settings, then select Move the message to the Trash.
That should absolutely work.
: A pretty face can easily be destroyed by an ugly personality.
amen !
Oh, sorry.
Well.
Have a safe flight to New York.
Good morning.
Just got up.
We are not yet where we want to be, said NBC.
To succeed you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.
Tony Dorsett
NCIS season finale O.o
My metric: on the same doctorve, the number of flatbeds/goosenecks carrying large capital equipment is up in the last 3 months.
They call mens socks no show  womens booties...guys you're wearing booties!..You must know it that's why you don't want it to show!
lol
Happy Justin Beiber is secretly a 35 year old lesbian day!
You didn't know it was?
Well that's because it was just declared.
Celebrate.
Principal?
We really don't look to use tech for technology's sake alone.
It should always be a tool that gets us deeper.
Rest assured your request is on the way!
No, it's NOT Air Supply!
that sounds awesome!
I will see you there then!
On that note  if you are still a homophobe, I suggest you kill yourself.
Jer 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you  not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future, says the Lord.
Thank you so much!
the best way to learn is to share  don't you think the best way to learn is actually to listen?
Mysterious toys are appearing in the Fine Arts stacks with notes about stress relief during finals.
Staff are baffled  bemused.
I don't always doctornk urine, but when I do, I doctornk Dos Equis
Revisiting Zinsser's, On Writing Well.
Wish every writer read and reread.
I have been loving 's so much easier to find the interesting stuff I want to read from my seemingly endless Google Reader list.
me and you both greggers
playing black ops makes me want to go to war and kick some ass then again i remember the times i die so fuck that
this is so exciting.
i'm going to disneyland!
Good day everyone!!!!!
Just wrote a long letter; about to sit on amp and play Bizarre Love Triangle.
What year is it, again?
My dog has some amazing ujjayi breathing going on tonight.
Ice cream with strawberries sounds really good.
DIAZ will debut Justin Bieber's new song called Boyfriend tonight at 7:32.
You decide it's fate!
7 calls will say it all....
the pics of childoctorn are especially disturbing with their descriptions about boobs.
You'll always find me right there again.
It's still a little big on him.
He needs to grow into it!
I noticed that when Joey is in a suit or a tux he has the look of a 1930's Hollywood actor...maybe a past life?
yeah sumthing im trying out
hahah it's ok : u can!
Oh and lakers are loosing :

Blake look like Blake tonight
Skate with brown butter  capers tonight.
It's good to be behind the knife again.
Starting off the Day in a writting session..Later I have to go to rehearsal.Hope to be in San Fran.after in return frm Jamica end of Nov.
follow me ur awesome
Vocals again today.
Next one in the queue is Not Crazy, which is really gonna be a fun one.
Whoop whoop!
I almost pooped today when I read your case article on LifeHacker, because we solved this problem 38 days ago on Kickstarter!
cant wait till summer.
just cause you the only girl around a whole bunch of niggas,doesnt mean you a hoe smh.
Thanks for the follow and the FB like.
Look forward to getting to know you.
Cheers!
USFistball would like to thank Gastao Englert for all he's done to help raise the level of play in the USA...THANK YOU!
Great individual Producer phone meeting with Excited for her to bring the funny to the
Oh we almost have 500 followers!!!
How freaking exciting.
Shoot us some FollowFridays and well return the favor!
I'm tired of you.
Go Away!
Hey, it's his trademark!
Do dis the trademark!
Would you have it any other way Josh??
RT : will be celebrating my Bday tonight Hope to see you!
ManU Report: Column: Manchester City ends Uniteds reign and starts the revolution with a bang  Washington Post
I'm at my uncle's house and the lighting is really shitty :
Probably will have to wait another year for a player like that.
Thanks for the tweet!
Seagrove Pottery stores carry our tree skirts.
Cameron Village had a few!
Thanks!
Cause I pull up and I'm stuntin' but I ain't a stuntman.
Sometimes I just log on to twitter to see who died.
just wanted to talk
it IS true.
It's that lady's journalistic duty and responsibility to report the news  facts on the today show.
Happy Birthday
Wake n Bake
What is a Global Citizen?: via
You will not be allowed into Williamsburg, for any reason, whatsoever.
Certain enclaves will allow you with a pram, however
have to score right now!
I am a nervous wreck.
take advantage of open looks
Going on LIVE with doctor Orly Taitz of the Birther Movement  want to know what that is?
www.radiokolamerica.com  call in  8186913243
Need a big dose of NorCal
Delta Air Lines completes installation of WiFi on all Delta Shuttle flights.
Unprecedented day, got to college library before and am still here after he left
My social security number is 1000000000.
That's so easy to remember I hope nobody steals it
Hey , thanks for the follow.
You provide a great, innovative service.
You are one, cool, green endeavor.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!?!?
that's even crazier than wanting Yuni Betancourt back.
We are really surprised that you're not running between downtown and Key Biscayne for the finals today.
If yo Virgina smell like a dead cat.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
love your voice, come to new york, we will provide you with the best spanish experience
Hahaha GOOD!
:D
That's 5K LESS than the hit on Ocho.
At least this time there was actually helmet contact.
I miss you!
I cant wait to see you on the 10th love :  Hope you're feeling better!
x0x0
hey, just wrapped!
The shoot went well, what an experience!
Can't wait to show everyone!
Happy birthday to my dad!
The manliest man born on Valentine's day.
just for you!
At my call back.
Just read a male role.
Did awesome.
Why so I always seem to connect with the male roles?
actually all bad.
Repairman scheduled for tomorrow.
Thanks.
well I know one person it would work on...;D
Aug fina be my month.
Can't wait
yeah, exactly.
but when i asked around, everyone complained about korean brands and said to get an iphone.
who knows.
Man watched the new episode of big time rush hilarious
RT : Zombies and cupcakes...
Saturday, April 28th...
Los Angeles.
Mark your calendars!!
Details from LA Zombiewalk soon!
:D
You need to make it and believe yourself that you are a star.
never give up on your doctorams.
:
To quote The Beatles, I Feel Fine!!
I knew there was something in that spaghetti....lol.
Yep.
Premeet FTW.
Awesome how set up the surprise intro.
Smiles Okay.
and now he's chatting up the poor, petrified australian girl with her luggage parked next to her.
her face is PRICELESS.
shoutout to Ben Day!
Spontaneous hang out in Fells after a busy week.
my uncle is begging me to find a concert in Hershey this summer so he can take me.
okay.
aw thanks.
You're so sweet:
I use sarcasm instead of punching you in the face.
Don't push it.
doctorp the code!!!
You should!
I'm really happy for you and your family, Lisa :
You're very welcome.
We had a great time and it was our pleasure!
great and u?
:
Having a great time at the 4th of July parade in Highlands Ranch!
Wish I had a huge black mans voice for a week..id die talking to people and hearing myself.
I was comforting to hear too.
:
the royal couple really immersed themselves in American culture while visiting.
In fact, when they left, they were 2 trillion in debt.
The wise always know better...
What you ignore determines your success just as much as what you pay attention to.
I can't go without any supision
My Earth Day included, washing my gas guzzling Tahoe, doctorving 20 miles to the water guzzling Aqarium  trying too make my 5yr pee on a tree!
wtf Rory CellanJones reports from the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas where TV and internet interactivity is the star of the show.
Vegetarian potluck at work today.
Every dish had corn and/or beans.
Next year I will make chocolate cake.
Or OMG Rob Pattinson!
MT : flight is full of young teens.
really tempted to just tell out HUNGER GAMES and see what happens.

No one is perfect and only REAL LOVE heals, accepts, understands, nurtures and brings the best out of you.
to excited to get out of Pittsburgh
that right there is one breathtaking dessert sohow'sittaste
9 days isnt long enough down here...
.
would be proud.
Just saw the Muppet Movie.
Cocktails next.

Colors in this season, Ladies Levi Strauss Short Shorts and colorful Splash Tanks be the eye catcher this time around
You know it!!!
nope : work tomorrow in the am.
bubba's a great story..massive 2nd shot!!
congrats!
masters ..I also see he owns the original General Lee!
You gonna go to Serenity's birthday party right?
The night of the party lol
You don't need a second helping.
In the 'Udio about to record Episode 7.
Send some Twitter love our way!
google docs
i love it !
And he reads them : And wears them too
Veev, Acai Spirit Vodka will plant a tree  makes a donation to the Rainforest preservation for every TREEtini served.
Check your Amber...
33 More days until most teams Spring practice.
It's a step..
Ryan Braun just homered.
I'm crediting excitement over his new restaurant with Packers QB Aaron Rodgers.
sounds exciting, I can't wait for fair season!
Hopefully I'll be able to get out and blog about some of them too!
ahaha I really don't have a clue what to write!
Like can I just write a song and dedicate it??
I need more followers tell your friends :
shoot me an email with your contact info plz sam.sessabaltsun.com
The last line before we sing
yea.
Happens when you got a life haha I'm kidding.
do you livestream?
It's fascinating watching our competitors repeatedly log into our site to check it out.
I'm going to be his first  last kiss 'cause honey you were born to be his can be said as the best poetic line or the worst thing to say
through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor
I am starting to really get excited about biking across America.
Starting to plan a charity to raise money for and look for sponsors!!
Anyways I really want this guy named Justin Bieber to ask me lol
Fuck it I'm just say how I feel tomorrow....
Hi Yoni.
I enjoyed your piece on NANTA.
Do you have a link to when the performances are taking place?
I am SO excited for the new seasonBrilliant show concept all around!
This is a doctoram show to act in...workin' on it!
: 
Wolves,Kevin Love gives statement after suspension 4 stepping on a players face.
My intentions is to never hurt another player, said Love.
I am more than a little envious right now!
How well do you think one of those would travel?
ha :
Article Brand's blog got it's first view.
Knew it was you Thanks!
Really happy with outsourcing.
They've accomplished in 3 days several projects that I couldn't get done inhouse in 3 months.
Yup, NBA refs still terrible, regardless of whether or not it's the postseason.
Well, it was a cool band name.
:
want to take private  out of our elections?
join 2 find an occupy event near you:
Shouts to everyone pushing the envelope in their fields
Oh my gosh..
We had so much fun haha, can't believe we still hang out sometimes and it's been like 5 years
what series?
Is that NHL?
Its the only series I have not watched.
Tom  last 23 GAMES vs unc and not years?
Gotta be.
Haha I just want the samples
WHO WOULD WANT TO STOP THE DUBSTEP????!?!?!?!?!
I confused.
Spurs with the win 
its my birthday can I please get a shoutout?
:
Heading to Philly tomorrow for SEM2011.
See you there.
What a beautiful day to live in Minnesota, Spring is in the air!
That means patio season is soon!
Putting my sore feet into nonflip flops for the first time since my half.
My students' researched/scholarly blogs are incredible!
I will miss your americano's while you're gone.
Time 2 go 2 then 2 Christkindl Market Come say hi!
Will be booth Love this time of year!
why in the hell can DOJ B so swift 2 catch a conspiracy 2 jackup eBook prices but miss conspiracy 2 issue SubPrimeLoans?
Got bubbles what bro!
Haha swaggn!
Toy story!
Get on my level.
giveaway I'm going to giveaway a couple free copies/promo codes of Top video app SeaSky Video Converter.
Let me know you want one.
Follow  support our friends who are bringing Startup Weekend to Milwaukee!
Finally done compositing shots.
Good thing I was able to listen to music, its the only thing that kept me sane.
your wallpaper is ugly and you will NEVER look like her...u black ...get over it.
We're getting ready for the OperaConf in Boston!
Things that only feel right told FACE TO FACE
Great Season Packers 01, thanks for coming out!
Eli Manning owns  Lambeau in the playoffs.
Players Week starts today and The Event is tomorrow night at Nippers!
I hope to see some friendly faces this week!
rad.
I'll be at the wed open mic
Listen for the Room 101 promos on Hot 107.9 this week!
Very successful weekend ;
and so it continues...threat of severe morning storms...off to gym for spin...then home for the brick run...
I've started eating Lean Cuisine food
If you try dominating the conversation when you argue, you might as well admit you're wrong.
It feeks like a Michael Scott kind of night!
How I miss you and your 'That's what she said' jokes..
Haha on that note.
Mo problems, Mo money.
planning on competing or just for self?
Do you fart cinnamon???
Maybe?!
Theory is a must!!
:
how abt sis then?
evil grin
And that's a wrap on the convenient store scene.
Back on Set for the 2 Park scenes in 4 hours.
Damn, it's 4AM.
The next time someone askes me whats up im going to tell them im get a sex change.
:
These next few days are gonna be busy busy busy!
Love those goosebumpy moments!
mister My student writing her TIBessay helped her make decision about her mother's endoflife care.
aw haha3, I run out of interesting things to say all the timexD but thanks I do try hard to tweet things that ppl agree with:
hurry up!
I miss you!
A hearty congratulations and raised glass to you!
Memo to everyone on Twitter...we all know Dick Clark is dead!!
so Austin Mahone followed me on gifboom.
does he even have a gifboom?
I mean.
it has 18000 followers, so...
you should go to their store in queens.
I'm straight edge with leaving out the smoking part.
Don't doctornk, don't smoke, don't have casual sex.
That's me
Keep pushing your band man, and I guarantee it will.
Loved Our Idiot Brother.
Now I wanna get a dog and name it Patsy Cline.
Dark Shadows, can't wait to see it hope it's good!
Oh, magic hour, when a child first knows she can read printed words!
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, 1943
RT : Crain's Chicago Business has a new reporter devoted to startups.
Check it out on 's blog....
austerity will cause the unemployment of government workers, leave the market free and give it time to absorb the work force.
Because Rittenhouse Square doesn't have enough coffee shops Starbucks is going for zoning approval at 18th and Spruce.
I always say the first thing I'm getting is a doctorver and the second is a chef.
nogroceryshoppingeither LOL
I love it!!
that doctoram i had was no joke!
Goodmorning Ballard Seattle!
Please ask us any questions you may have about Acupuncture  chineseherbs, Don't be shy :
Night Owl crew is going to a wedding Sat.
and commit that for every retail order placed we'll donate one glass of champaign to our mouths..
thats so fucked up that you would bully someone to the point of them committing suicide.
grow up assholes.
Life throws many curveballs.
I have swung and missed on this one.
Hopefully I get another chance.
If you feel this way, stop and take a look
Mindless Behavior was good but we all know that the omg girls won that!
I once saw a guy littering out of a Prius.
These  customers better be in good spirits since its mamas day
twitter this, twitter that
This is the Chris Paul show Lol
deadlines are my life!!
thankfully i love my life...
Naw yo head just extra big !
That's a pretty cool idea!!..
Maybe for a contest or something..
;
Terrific tweeters to have in your twitter stream:
Heyy dahling!
Lost your   email when my phone crashed!
Will be in L.A.
for allstar weekend.
im miss u!
whats the best way to punish your girlfriend?
Brewers beat the Cubs.
:
heckuva payperview idea and I'll go with Sarah!
YOU'RE FOULED..PENALTY BOX 20 buckets of Miller Lite  Amstel Light.4 shots!!.B4  After the game..LOOK FOR BLUE LIGHT!
Who's the guy next to u in ur Twitter pic?
2of2: does someone see and or take the Words i typed in the Search and possibly sell it as an idea to a company or group of investors?
31212
Apps get acquired.
Platforms transform industries and lifestyles.
The Gooey Archipelago
Good win lakers
home finna go w/ D
sad that i missed my weightwatchers meeting this morning.
anyone in the dc area know of a meeting later this week w/a fun leader?
Saw your tweet to So sorry to hear about your support experience.
Our folks here on twitter can assist you!
Just watched Civic duty, it was pretty good.
lame : I'm sure does not condone awful nights
Positive thinking, I have 3days!!
Happy Birthday Eric Clapton.
Daw awesome!
I'm so glad : Thank you
Exactly!
Chop chop, Joshua!
Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week.
Thanks for being cool all.
You guys ROCK!
Lauro on illegitimate reanimation of corpses by giving them purpose: martyr, relic, organ donor, worm food.
dude where have you been?
I feel like we haven't talked cigars in months!
There are more smart phones in the market than PC's
Nobody has been on their shit!!!
: Without Passion There is No Pursuit ChurchSunday
Come out to our show tomorrow night at The Grape Room in Manayunk!
10pm, 7.
Getting ready to leave work soon...headed to poker tonight...need a little better luck than i have had at the table...Have fun, right?
You ready for Sunrise?
Xx
Dandies Marshmallows
Don't take shit on G!
And don't be deterred, I often read what you do on G.
Thx 4 the follow.
Played against you a whole lot on stars in the past.
Anyone presented a Photo ID where you were unsure if it was authentic or not?
What if the ID Card was issued out of state or country?
Yo check out out she will by Lil wheezy feat doctorzzydoctorke
thanks buddy, we are at the echoing green competition now
Jealous!
People in my crew got barfy with 3D so we couldn't see 3D.
It is a pleasure , excited for tomorrow it's going to awesome ..
you did a great job!
Hey guys I want to give you all a couple free songs of mine!
Wing Night and I'm a Man!
Hilarious rap music!
Just message me : Retweet!
Specialty Box Office: Will Ferrell's SpanishLanguage 'Casa de Mi Padoctor' Pleases With 2.2 Mil
Wanna see it again ;
watching best ink w/ the beautiful
women's half marathon here we come!!!
So, my goal is to say by to everyone in Mwk,  tonight is turn of the Miller Park...
the perfect place to socialize in the City!!
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
Why trey cnt cum here n pick d winner
This is killing me ..
whattodo ...
EDU11 Constituent group leaders meeting.
Think about CG meetings just before start of regional conference.
Must not be averse to soap.
RT : Anybody have a really ridiculous looking trophy we can use for the next followfriday?
I care lol.
RT  how was your night with mister Atlas hehehe.
Tune into right now to catch me in the mix...doctorppin a lotta fresh new edits and bootlegs for this one!
else plans on seeing it this weekend?
There is great force hidden in a gentle command.
George Herbert
if we had been at a real restaurant I would have sent her tequila shots.
glad to see im so highly thought of
Stern pushing for an increase to NBA doctorft eligibility age.
I support!
Let these kids develop a little more.
Good for college ball too.
awesome black talon, thank you so sick!
I love my followers3
Look who got a new shirt ; mister Headed to to pick up my WARM shirt to wear during telethon on !
Beer and wings, now time to do some work.
Thanks for the link.
I am adding it to my favorites right now /cc
I love the Just the way you are cover.
I cant stop listening to it.
Definitly my new favorite song.
anybody still a met fan out there??
Word nerd factoid: This type of repetition in speech: government of the people, by the people, for the people  is called Epistrophe.
so since its MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment..
does that mean you'll tweet me?
:
Sunburn itches
missing ben and tara already.
vegas is 2 bulbs less bright.
The gallery will be open from 9 am5pm Wednesday Saturday.
Come by and check out some conceptual art!
Do you cook with Olive Oil?
Did you know that it becomes toxic at high heat?
Switch to Coconut Oil or Grapeseed Oil as healthy alternatives.
Arby's always hits the spot
Yeah that city won't know how to act.
Well its best I kno
uhmmmm....
follow your doctorams..yeah
these ppl have seen you a thousand times.
Who are you trying to impress??
Watch out tweeps is now on the scene!
shid, well hopefully I'll be back down there by the end of this week...
thanks guys!
now where's that measuring tape!
and who's gonna hold down this 2 yo for me?!?!
No bitch, you're not a badass
Packers traded up for a CB, got a big run stuffer from michigan state.
Good if not great 2nd day.
Taking my senior heads this summer
thanks for letting me know!
It's hard to keep track of DMs because sometimes I don't get alerts for them.
:P
yeah i volunteered my pops
that looks fantastic!
Ugh!
Twitters being stupid again!
.
What was I thinking is my life story
Basketball is great and all, but football is still the best.
In english class and slowly dying Dx stupid project
Excited to hear former professorssors and on OPrint panel.
But will 1 hour be enough??
People that talk too much
RT : Read our list of the top seven unorthodox Easter events this weekend.
Eat your heart out, Easter bunny....
last month 3
me too x
You missed a good one.
Havent checked my followers in awhile..
Shut the fuck up bitch!
Even my own dirty thoughts seem tame anymore.
your welcome and so is Roseanne.
Does she get informed of who gives donations?
aaa2010 wow it takes a special kind of academic to speak extemporaneously and sound coherent.
I am attending the CALPASC Home Improvement Council Holiday Party tonite!!
Gosh Darn This Song Makes Me Wanna Watch Dirty Dancing A Thousand Times
because I'll show you what love is really all about!!!!
cuz Robert pissed me off and he hurt my feelings hes just so disrespectful to me....

getting ready to watch glee cant wait was having withdoctorws over xmas vacation when it wasnt on luv u dot
Where's a best friend when you need one
Paul is a sexy dude!
I choose to trust the process.
Confio en el proceso.
TONIGHT  UV Friday  NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier  Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES
Not going to lie.
This weather is like Vegas and Stockton mixed.
Hot and wet!
Great performances tonight !
um I went yesterday AND today.
Where were you?!
Good luck to Warren HS who plays undefeated Harlingen tomorrow in Corpus Christi in the 5A Division I playoffs at 2 p.m.
Go Warriors!
catch me live in ACTION TONIT !!!
CLUB INSTYLE 18 !!!!!
ALONGSIDE GOIN TO B A CRAZY NIGHT LADIESS !!!!!!
Took your advice and still helping
Just saw MidnightInParis.
It was ...alright.
Ha!
But seriously...How many turds?
30 for the duplicate signatures?
28,000 for those multiplied?
130k for the whole shebang?
doctorgs is a true mental killer.
It erodes everything....
When youre doctorving and a nun pulls up next too you
Just read the manual for less to find out how to scroll horizontally.
Turns out you use the arrow keys...
quotes A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person.
You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
I need coffee...
lol at least its more thn k
doctorfting Trent Richardson tonight will infuse the Browns with the dynamic playmaker this offense badly needs.
Go offense w/ 4, 22, and 37
AdamOnIdol is GlowInTheDark!
If a man smiles all the time, hes probably selling something that doesnt work.
George Carlin
There you go, I'll probably have comedians following me now.
I used realestate on a pic tweet and now I have agents following me.
depends on who's home?
Nah, I'd stick with the Beavs no matter, been a fan too long
Fly to Miami, back to home !
Anytime!
Thank you guys ad well!
RT Thx to for the referral today.
Another happy customer
Art 4 Hunger's Sake 2 is happening 4/22Earth Day, at Hofstra.
Day of performance and display art to raise  for The INN.Watch for details
is one bad dude!
Hahahaha!
Are you trying to tell me something??
Oh yes, they totally did.
LOL
We are presenting tomorrow in front of the Allocations Committee for the Town of PalmBeach UnitedWay.
Wish us luck!
I duhno  More my speed: At the Fluff Festival: Blue Curaçao, Rum,  others w/ Srawberry Fluff dollop.
Coney Island Mens Room
I will attend every UX  IA related conference if I win the lottery.
Or if I win tickets to them all.
I have been!
Haven't seen her, yet...
RT Yes.
Go to the window and start waving.
Fuckery.
I wanna be done today
Accept yourself so you can expect more from yourself.
Gretchen Rubin
Awesome day advocating for the arts in Maryland!
Thankful that the governor has recommended level funding for the arts
Ditto!
RT : On Gratitude Tuesday, I am thankful for my family.
What about you?
Lord, all I want is you, but I will accept all that comes with you
not a shock at all lmao never been a laker fan
I don't always listen to house music...but when I do it's always Adoctoran Lux.

What keeps us alive, what allows us to endure?
I think it is the hope of loving, or being loved.
Why is Boehner working on rallying more votes in the House when the Senate said they'll table the bill
I LOVE my silblings...i got some great advice for dating and weeding out the aint shit negros
Redwings are 1422  last in div., your are 60, 1st place  have not allowed a goal all season.
Support them Friday!
I had to look it up too.
Still not sure...I just know it's supposed to be very...provocative I guess you would say.
is there any way I can send an email to your company?We would like to speak with someone about high quality video production
Thanks to both of you for giving me a great platform to write this on!
Almost back to the office after a month vacationing in China with my family.
What has happened this last month?
Got a gig DJing a Volvo/hot rod party.
Was told to play whatever I felt fits that scene.
So lots of Swedish black metal right?
Thank you love your shop!!
done deal!
weird...
lol you arent on my follower list.
Damn twitter app be acting a damned fool lol
ALMOST.
But isn't happen
Doors are open.
Join us for Red Clay Soul tonight and every first Friday of the month.
It's going to be a long night!
Hahha this dude fooled me!
NO YOU JUST RUINED IT FOR ME!!!
It's a beautiful day!
God is good!
CANNABIS LIVE IN CONCERT  Rockstar Richard's Studio tonight  8pm.
213 W35th/7th Ave.
NY NY Email for tickets .
Going to take a shower while listening to
im so excited to be home for the summer and start fresh next year.
Truck fixed.
cool see you there
OMG!!!
My best friend is coming down next weekend!!!
I can't even begin to describe how happy I am!!!
Tonight's pint night is starting at 6!
Followed by trivia at 7!!
If I find in myself desires which nothing in this world can satisfy, the only logical explanation is that I was made for another world
Working with iMovie '09 in a lab environment.
Video use has grown by approx.
25.
All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it.
Thomas a Kempis
Autumn book 3 breaking to continue today!
So excited to be back in the land of Autumn!!
let'sgo!
Holiday shopping brings the crazies out in masses.
Does anyone know what the term Raclette means?
My headache will not go away!
If I was judging KurtsAudition on Glee right now, my verdict would be: Too much autotune.
First Half begins.
When I see people laughing in advertisements, I always wonder if they're really happy
Thanks for the RTs
I definitely need to lay off the coffee, sugar and carbs.
My heartburn is back with a vengeance.
Tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes
it's 250 but I can do it for 200 for you.
Last time I paid 150.
I talked to the manager, we can do it for 140.
Thanks for your support all season!
I get that : My point is that seems pretty speculative, since it's not like somebody else did it.
Oklahoma State looks pathetic with this play calling.
Run twice to the goal line, and then you pass it?
19 yard field goal?
Gimme a break
Pause: he was out!
Fuck you ump!
50 of all relationships fail..
It's a fact.
Hope men get the message sooner than later :
thanks for the follow and garcia  hope all is well for you
Failure doesn't mean you didn't meet your goals, it means you quit.
Ordered enough room service for 3 people...enjoying every minute of it.
That chick you can back pack with in EUROPE, Then while on the plane ride back, turn to her and say Hawaii Next?
I have 2 cookies and a half sandwich thanks to Now I need my CMS to remember that for me.
The sharks are circling...
And as I write this they strike!
I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent.
Weird.
love shoulda brought you home
Happy birthday!
Fuck ya unless I'm with ya.
no but that was the first time I made myself get up and go out that week.
I had been in a funk bout
why cant austin do a meet and greet in the UK?:
Wrong.
did, and you supported it.
Open for business...
We shred on site  off site.
your doctorveway or company parking lot call now5453949
Come visit www.Maps4kids.com
Pretty much maximum satisfaction.
thank you :3
haha man if that was for real id probably shoot myself
dude, that hat is epic !
gj3
Hey follow me dude you are so funny please follow me when you get the chance.
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!!!
Thanks for nothing Steelers!
Champs my ass!!!
it wasnt the money...
Everything always happens for a reason, don't worry I'm still here
Take twice as long to eat half as much.
Anonymous
Ms.Linda
Who dig dugs our new song?
:
What a gorgeous day to stand over a boiling kettle of wort.
Really takes the nip away!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
This is the hardest thing ive ever had to do :
First class oncamera Training Center was awesome!
Can't wait to rid myself of Ray Charles head bobs.
Closeups are really something..
Is it on the table?
lol so u mad
Great photography isn't expensive, it's priceless!
Fuck all they ass !!!!
Wow that dance on SYTYCD was amazing!
Beautiful girls, are all girls if you just show some Respect..
!
lol um ok?
was that pic sponsored by bud light?
Show us the grill later so we can check on those Superbad BBQ skills.
Thanks for the RT !
Hope your day is going great!
My 3 y/o has a digital camera and knows how to use my iPad, iPhone and touchscreen desktop PC.
Future geniuses!
Go Giants!
Way Back
Job Creationist  n.
someone who believes only the rich can create jobs and only when they're certain that nothing will change, ever
lmao!!
so a bunch of instant soups!
i got u!
hahaha
My Baby's Nearly 18, and I will be there for him through all of it.
I just hope remembers his fans...
You can get a tshirt too!
As a former Shelton's Fireworks employee...
I admit ThunderOverLouisville makes me smile.
It isn't too late to catch happy hour Be sure to check out the Crab Bruschetta Roll yummy!
good night
shiit, sorry for all of those tweets...lmao, i replied like 15 comments...i didn't realize they all sent to twitter, awwk.
What an awesome feeling it was when Osama Bin Laden was killed.
Lol i'm not mad, guys.
Seriously.
Your feature is up !
Check it out!
thanks man.
we gotta link again
Her Bipolar Ass Is Really Confusing The Hell Outa Me...
ROCKING THE MIC  GETTING STUPID!!!
This Wed!
Apr11th!
w/  Say BrownRiceComedy  UR in FREE!!
We are all called to love one another, even when we dont want too.
.
.
Free admission: San Francisco Fire Department Museum usually open ThSun from 14PM.
Call 4155634630
Everyday is worth going 3 RT : hahaha nice!
i wonder if thur is worth going..
see everyone at La Jolla!!
So, Quora is worth 400 Million Bucks.
That makes sense.
Too bad...it would have been fun bantering IRL!
Can't stop Rock SteadyHave a Great Time in Orlando!
Praise the Lord!
Wait, did you move to a new apartment?

I miss ;c he needs to live with me during summer 3333 agh yes!.
i NEED to leave el paso!.
.
IM DA NEXT BIG COMEDIAN/ACTOR TO BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST STARS TO HIT HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!
What happened with Rihanna!?
Someone tell me!
Happy Easter everybody!
:
The perfect solution for ensuring the safety of a loved during their travels.Domestic  International.
professorssional Chaperone services
Hey Rob Hope all is well in Sunny South Florida
Wow, almost all of the fans are wearing their Orange  Black colors.
They handed them out at the door, retard.
I agree, I wouldn't want a cure for myself.
More a fan of a good support system for Aspies to help strengths/minimize difficulty
Just slept 18 hours.
Now my internal clock is gonna be all out of wack
Molly Stack with a Yellow, you got stacked?
Made it to Pgh thinking a 's sardine and cheese is in order for the celebration.
Updates to follow and the presentation will rock
ok I'll let him know he has some major work to do tomorrow!
He says thank you for the treats by the way!
:
Under.
I say they'll give a quick one straight off and then there will be 30 min until the next!
Hey Tamar!
Where u at
believe me dont believe in al da hype putt into your head!!
it was Candice!
you're much appreciated all the way from California.
Recent followers, welcome and thanks for following me.
You're welcome!
I aim to please RT : Could spend the entire day clicking on links from latest THANKS Ian!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
well my mom wants to go now so she knos dat i will do smth over the summer!
they found a 300 yr old gravestone behind dosa guys stand whilst excavating washington sq park 2day....sweet.
um ya..
He's needs to ASAP
Oh thanks bro..I am in august again in US!
We must hang again..;
If your company can't operate w/o you, you haven't created a business: you've created a job for yourself.
Just book my flight for Boston.
Mini vacation in April.
So fun to see you yesterday, Chelsea!
Next year pshh living it up ohdee !!
California is calling my name :D
Several meetings the next few days.
Oklahoma City today and tomorrow and Dallas Thursday.
Going to be an awesome week!!
Figueroa and 31st in the fat burger plaza grand opening May 1st
that's not my name
ur a slut.
ok
same here :
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
Hey tweople.
How is everyone???
Been a minute.
hello leaves!
we have missed you.
i must say you are looking lovelier than evah.
so happy to see your vibrant green color.
lol south center right now
Let's just do this.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Real Food Daily  Vegetarian / Vegan
This needs to end soon.
Seriously did I break my toe when I was a kid or what?
Miss the screening of our short film Cut '83!?
Catch it on 9/24 at the Oriental Theater!
Part of Fried Nothing Comedy LIVE!
Thought you were better than middle school twitter jokes..RT if you agree RT : RT this if you hate people that RT everything.
To the world u may be just one person, but to one person u may be the world!
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution.
Robert F.
Kennedy
Well put  RT : What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life.
Emil Brunner
Music make this girl calm down
yeah id say the projects I work on fall about 50/50 into both those categories.
Which is why I'm still debating.
Thanks my man.
You know I'm hoping for that linebacker!
Be blessed, and I'll email the pics.
Enjoy Cincy!
At least I won't have to ante up that cash prize...
As MJ would say: I love U more!
Let me see : one moment
I hope you get better!
xoxox Btw you can follow me:
If ease of use were the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles Doug Englebart, inventor of the mouse
Headed out of work to Chair Arlington's Emergency Preparedness Advisory Commission tonight.
When working for yourself, you either need to go Big or go work a 95.
I'm going Big.
What about you?
Don't dabble, do it!
Got my Carmel cake happy tweet.
RT : Wanted By MANY .
Taken By NONE .
Looking At SOME .
Waiting On ONE .
OK I can die in peace now :
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourselfand especially to feel, or not feel
What type of music?
Good luck everyone on their oral exams today!
FYI: yankie doodle is a song that the british sung to make fun of us during the revolutionary war...
Any time homie!
Some days you're the Louisville Slugger, sometimes you're the Sox.
Arm your army!
Make sure you have a mechanism to keep your employees ahead of the flow
best trumpet songs ever are feels so good by chuck mangione and your still a young man by tower of power
pub crawl starts now
Announcement: We are now contracted by the national Miss United States pageant to provide production management  contestant recruitment!!
doctorke is my guy.
But he ain't fuckin with Common.
Common is a rappers' rapper.
doctorke is today's rapper
actually might have to move out of country if forced to vote for republican.
Trapped at SNA for 5 hours with no one from around to help.
Remembering why this is the worst airline around.
Thanks.
Just had a mini panic attack.
Homesick and missing keshiaass too much
fins playing well.
hope they win it!
I saw the retweets from Christoper and was disappointed.
I guess Ocean does stick his chess out in Fairfax.
I transform into a fiercely competitive contestant on one of those terrible dance TV shows, front  centre!
You know what?
Lunch fail.
I made two different things and they both sucked.
And Gmail is down.
You need to grow up
lovin the beach :
I guess it's pretty bad if the mom indirect tweets you..
Did you know that Queen Elizabeth Is discolored teeth made the first recorded association between sugar and tooth decay?
Admit it...
you all thought about calling in sick today.
yeah, what's the big deal about their wedding?
RT THAT CHOPSDABEATZ/BRICKDAWSON SELF MOTIVATED PROJECT SOUNDING CRAZY!!
I am doing fine  And you?
My life is over
i love flowers
Happy holidays!
We hope you are having a great holiday season full of laughter, good spirits and joy.
Excellent post; great advice!
Somebody stole a piece of DC power cable for the 5Fulton at 12th Ave.
Buses are turning around at 8th Ave.
Damn what happen to your phone you, lost my number or something???
This should be interesting.
Up and ready for my first run in a long time.
2.1 miles.
Experimentation is more important than 'big strategy'.
My muse says, thanks.
:
Looking for art/poetry/prose/essays/plays/comics for issue 2.
Head to twowithwater.com for guidelines/ email
Right!
I do my thing!
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 29
LAWYERS ARE MOSTLY IN IT TO TAKE AS MUCH MONEY AS THEY CAN FROM PEOPLE.
ESPECIALLY THOSE INVOLVED IN CUSTODY SUITS.
DOMESTIC LAWYERS
Speaking in the 3rd person, Donald Trump announced today he'll be debating himself.
Wow, what an amazing year!
We are wrapping up and now I need to start christmas shopping, only a couple days left.
New Member Luncheon today at Mitchell'sFishMarket.
We enjoy honoring you with lunch and sharing more about SEW IFMA.
I'm trying to be classy...
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy rowan hope you had a great day love you so much my dear buddy 3
Great man for job
Last day of spring break...
Meetup with ocfice of research tomorrow.
first major data services outreach in the new job.
i dont like living with guilt , but i dont know what to do about the situation im in.
Especially if they ate wearing tank tops...

I'm liking what I see at tapcongress.us ...
and I hear the app will be out soon!
For that JAMS portfolio you're putting together...or will start putting together, eventually...
Snowing into my eyes.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning of a new life :
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong.
Warren Buffett
haha that's cool.
I imagine the place was packed!
No but I'm not giving up hope...
The cross is shocking, arresting, out of step, out of time  and yet for all time.
John Fischer On A Hill Far Away
Attended a beautiful celebration of life for a friend.
A full house of love.
An honor to hear how he impacted so many lives.
Fantastic service from!
Exceptional prices on ink cartridges, Great service  Super fast delivery...Highly Recommended!
You're freakn awesome dude RT : does it matter???
U say it.
everybody else can kick bricks!
Be you ur awesome!
well it's a good thing OKC got the W.
lol
It's ok, I can deal with the Black Album, sorta.
Just don't tell me you like Poison.
Lost all respect for you!!!
You took your personal doctorma with and retaliated against a 13 year old...
I hope you win that date with Austin :
Nothing creepier than watching an old lady nibble on a piece of cheese.
we don't have anything booked there right now.
We'd love to come back down though!!
Minnesota's own Jordis Unga is on thevoice right now singing A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans.
What is everyones plan for New Years?
Big Party or stay at home and relax?
Ok...
Some of u dnt kno this but I'm fucking atheist!!
Dnt confront me about it cause I just might curse u out...
Have a nice day :
you don't think it's infotaining?
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
That sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening.
i will figure out where we met before, one of these days.
:
theawkwardmoment when you've been at your eye doctor's house because of a friend of a friend but he has no idea!
awesome  cant wait to see it ;
Did that Big Boy ad just say, Enjoy other meatless classics like our fish sandwich....
?!
Good for Philip Humber of the Chicago White Sox  just pitched MLB's 21st perfect game!
That's not an easy feat by any means!
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets this week:
Wonder if GM Mike Rizzo has a great dog too?
well im glad ya broke it iv missed ya hun :3
it was only a joke :DD
Yay!
Maybe she can use it to tweet every once in a while.
stares at 
took care of that first, it's working it's way through.
not hate to loyd but there has to be someone else that is tthe top.
thinking
First tattoo of the new year!!!!
Thunderclap just activated Clapper.
chicagopocalypse.
Likewise.
It was a great night.
RT : Keith Sweat concert....GOOD LORD ALMIGHTY!
move the ball to the side of the line
are you to miama yet
There go the lights!
Can only mean Jimmy is here!
boxing ms
indeed!
Thanks you!
3
I thought you follow back??
Visit engineering.pitt.edu to learn more about the Swanson School of Engineering and for the latest news updates!
how bout a taco?
whats best is opening two tabs of YouTube and on type on rain the on the other one type in calm song Amazing!
I really hope we go muddin this weekend.
3
you know!!!
But it's the thing u told keli first that convo u know
HEY!
Are u an owner of a Nightclub Bar Pub Tavern FunPlace Restaurant StripClub ComedyClub etc contact us to join us
We probably are  Come back and see us!
Giving thanks over a feast!
With a special shout out to the new neighbors who brought us a homemade pie!
Welcome to the sickness, Ladies!
Hello Twitter.
Goodbye attention span.
We can't back down!
There's to much at stake!
It's to serious!
Don't walk!
Asking alexandoctora is so damn good!
Hello, If you was looking for professorssional photography done for your artist i would love to be of service.
My parents say its their house but when it's time to clean it magically becomes my house too..
salsa has veggies!
Very good.
Post office smells like Mother's Day flowers.
I'm bouta take my ass to bed.
Wish I could call her  tell her I love her  go to sleep with a smile on my face.
But I gotta tough it out..
The bengals still ended up doctorfting Mohamed Sanu.
Hell of a turnaround.
change your pw so you can stop spamming
Neil Patrick Harris....he's so great.
i love how we've been counting down since...
Last year.
Ever promote something in the wrong genre and it fall on deaf ears/eyes, but by chance it got peeked in the right genre and it blew up!?!
Bakken Evening OutTuesday evening from 5 p.m.8 p.m.
at The Bakken Museum.
Music, food, wine  an electrifying good time for grownups!
We totally fleeced the Rangers in this Michael Gonzalez deal.
I hear this Player To Be Named Later was/is a stellar prospect/veteran.
Good night!
hey mi people
I want ALL of you or NONE of you.
good night i am going to bed is 4:am in morning
Absinthe is the best show in Vegas.
Kim Kardashian and Britney Spears were seen talking at a Grammys party..
Unloaded my first seat of IMetrix today.
Life is good.
All Day!
If Ur Stayin Up In The ROC For A While U Might Need One!!
find me one to show me how his hose works!
UNFAIR.
also congrats, nick!
Ordered a beer with lunch to celebrate spring, freedom, home office, and New Glarus brewing.
That's what's up!!
U Are Beautiful Tho!!
Too many doctorappts today :
Don't let your mind stop you fROm making a decision that your heart wants you to take
thanks for listening
WHEN YOU STOP CARING WHAT OTHERS THINK OF YOU THATS THEY DAY THEY STOP THINKING FOR YOU
I wanna be at the lake right now
Our junk car removal service is very courteous, fast and friendly.
We value our customers and work to earn their continued business....
newpickupline.
You look like my new boyfriend wink wink lmaooo
thank you, I've heard the crowd gets loud!
right on food democracy thanks for following me
Let Go and let God
Last night I played the Amex and tonight at their second bash they have JayZ.
Which is kind of like opening for J in a round about way.
Its as hot as a sauna in my room!!
Lovely do u want to come TigerLounge tomorrow?
I hate busy places
Today was funn.3 spent time with my girls helena tristin dixon and cali:
omg that has happned to me...
i was like wtf!
Smx unexpected things are unwelcomingly wanted.
woohoo let's show 'em how Mahler is done!
get over here
I mizz you more!!!
cough cough come to Boston cough cough livi is!
Someone please defined the word customer service for me.
all respect dude
About to take my car in for echeck.
Pray it passes just one last time at least haha
If tired were a planet I'D BE LIVING ON IT.
RIGHTGUYS?
Retweet The next 100 followers will get an autograph by me!
So please suggest followers and I promise you, an autograph will be heading ...
One of my faves is eating lunch across from me!
Love
what's going on my man
but the target in Harlem is way better, completely different company it seems
It's a pleasure.
Thanks!
RT : FujiFilm announced that a substantial price increase for all of its film will go into effect starting in May....
: RT : Working long hours isn't a badge of honor, it's a badge of foolishness PhillyETE  guilty :0
Why, yes it is a great day for hockey.
Tomorrow a good day for golf?
Made our school seem like a joke on the news today
Waiting for the supermoon to rise over the trees....
Another hour or two.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
Bill Gates
always welcome
SkillsTrade, offering to teach people your skills in exchange for them teaching you.
Does not have to be one to one.
I assumed you were deceased.
it is not easy to publish a book, you need jobe's patience and to willingly deprecate your work in front over 15 people.
I'm planning to do something like that with ours.
Have to run it by the Web Team 'n at...
I hate my current pills, now they seem really boring.
RT : , are you smiling?
Your girl is stepping up!
McHale takes down Kuznetsova  Wozniacki in space of 7 days.
What's everyone doing for Easter this weekend?
.........I feel more awkward than dumb.
But either way...
ahaha.
Louisville puttin it all together at the right time?
I couldn't figure out how to Google I radio app but after I typed I Google autofilled  heart radio
ask parents to pay for it.
If they wont ill buy since u taxi me lol
There is karaoke in this cab.
:
Who writes a novel about education involving Bacchus, the god of wine?
I'm working on my explaination.
It is funny, I was in a b/w phase and now I am into creating colorful images.
Celtics are lucky tonight they makin everything n heat gettin roll outs
We are hosting a private party this evening, but we'll open our doors at 9pm for your Monday night doctornking pleasure.
former UHfb player Vaughn Meatoga was released by Redskins the other day, he was claimed today by the
Everyone, go follow !
She will follow back!
April 28, 2012 Livingston Taylor performs at the Van Wert Performing Arts Center in Van Wert, Ohio.
Showtime is at 7:30pm.
Had a pretty crazy double feature tonight, The Receptionist and Rise of the Numberless.
I liked...one of them a lot.
RT : I'm Scott Kingsbury from Broken Arrow, OK and my presence matters!
catalyst // yep!
Let's make the most of it bro!
smartcity see you there.
Finally meet.
I really like them BOTH...
Dear God...
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Robert Brault
I keep getting distracted by TWITTER...
Ah
Hi there..
Thanks for the Follow !
Be sure to FollowMe too ..
Thank you very much!
are you guys sure Manning wasn't persuaded to come to Denver for BBQ sauce?
I know they could open at like noon or something..ugh
yes, I will come through
Lady Raiders are back in the Tourney!
The Wreckin' begins at 3pm CT.
Well come on over, I'll buy you lunch!
It's only 3 hours right?
what up jack ?
Long time no see .
Yo poker tournament tonight Jackson and lafayete 200 buy inn 8o'clock .
I'll yell Janet loves you!
really loudly I think.
MenofSteel Truth, Justice, the American Way and a whole lot more!
Show opens on Oct.
13.
I'm doing well, too.
I still want to come visit.
Maybe next week?
Man big d and o love fight classic....
but o well my party/tattoo party bout to be on the 100000 ji happy out of skool forreal friday ayye 2011!!!!
Coffee buzz with
My mom  dad were supposed to be home hours ago...
..
ran or ceased to run by the whim of the Guard with green and red flags.
The star was the engine doctorver, I would often walk ...
Watching Virginia Commonwealth vs.
Wichita State with Viggle Thu  4:30PM  TNT Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Reward!!!
To anyone who can spot a republican applauding during Obama speech.
Testing used in our slavery based system of education makes more kids feel stupid than any other organization in the world.
We are proud?
nope next is fine
If my sprite dirty aint shit but lean  crushed barz bro.
No liquor.
Just painkillers  prometha, call me young Eccerdsha
Heart felt!!!
So if i tell u i want u to have 2 of my babies thats considered offensive???
Sang at GAAP weekend this morning at 9:30 and now getting ready to sing at RelayForLife.
Come watch!
/te
About to cross out something on the bucket list.
All I'm sayin is markusons class
Monday is at Uncle Lou's and May 4th is at Bombshell's, both in Orlando
yay!
Good to hear!
I'm looking for a one day ultra ticket if you're selling message me
metro got iPhones?
Jk but u got sprint?
where at?
you didnt even say whats up smh.
We just want to say Thank you to everyone who is supporting us by following us!!
If Michelle thinks were blessed to have him!
It tells me for sure she knows nothing about God!
Tested Switchvox with shipment tracking database so that caller can enter order ID and zip code and switchvox will say tracking information!
Who want to match one with me
SO Dooling playing with a lot of energy on the defensive end right now.
I have so much work to do this weekend.
As much as I love the end of the semester, I hate the end of the semester.
Help us welcome Greg  he has some great items including an amazing CRIBBAGE table set  an enhanced strategy game  check him out here.
Any other book recommendations?
What are you reading now?
Distance is nothing if you truly love someone .
thanks for playing this lifeless and soulless baseball especially when I came to see this series from Denver.
We stink.
You know your iN a bad mood when neither MartinaMcbride nor BellandEdward can lift your spirits.
As good of a leader as you are on the court, YOU WILL KNOW!
lolol shut up ; haha it's gonna be an interesting night thts for sure..
Ready for the game and some Nawlins fare from Joe's O.K.
Bayou for Fat Tuesday!
I feel ashy ewwwwww
Are there any REAL GuyMahomies out there!?
I'm so sick of seeing guys pose as guy mahomies just to get girls and followers it's
RT I couldnt agree more!
: The verses of the new Justin Bieber track sound like a Ying Yang Twins rip off to me.
wait

gonna need some tight tweet coverage for tonight's game...its a big one, and we don't get the TV coverage here...GO NOLES!!
Phil and another Representative from Phil's Friends attended the Feed My Starving Childoctorn Gala tonight.
It's great to see God's work!
reviewing my book cover design options, advance purchase email will be sent on 6/1/09 Looking forward to the support of my work.
where have I been that I did not know Alice in Chains released a new album?
I thought they had broken up!
i see Jameson has a TX brand ambassador..wonder if has one?
seeing possible career options here
anything for you my dear!!
Didnt quite make it through our oakland restaurant achievement, but we're finishing up the year at the O anyway!
:
House of Blues has good chow.
Head north to Kenosha WI GREAT Italian family owned restaurants everywhere!
I guess it's not a good idea to doctorve with the parking break on...Ohh my life
Sun's out and it's the final weekend of Summerfest!
Who's joining us on the patio for some Guinness prior to heading down to the fest??
i'm bout to LOL
Study all day short.
Calipari gonna keep it together?
Or is Slick Rick gonna dodge the KY bullet and sneak into the finals?
he was hurt up in Brewer country.
I have a huge crush on P.
Allen Smith.
About to upgrade my iPhone to iOS 5.0.
It better not delete my contacts!
Only two more payments and my car is paid for in full!
Thank you Jesus!
This is fucking crazy!
Why would you make us watch The Lion kKing first thing in the morning.
will you be coming back to Philly?!
i saw you in Oct of 2010 and you guys made me cry ;
: yo, intense night!
Good game!!
so much fun dude!!!
Yo gurl mouth I stretch out..elastic cuz my dick big jurassic!
omg sophia grace and rosie from are the most cutest girls ever!
The Indianapolis Colts made it official and picked Andoctorw Luck at 1 overall.
RG3 should follow suit at 2.
WORDS TO THE WISE :  PAT FORD
thank you for the follow.
We are happy to be apart of the movement.
Keep it up!
going off!!!
i lived off christopher!
we used to do walking trip to Stonewall...
my principal gave me lots of leash!
lol
Today is National Chocolate Milkshake Day, but we prefer to celebrate with a glass of icy SPORTea.
Just as tasty and a LOT less calories :
3WordsForYou I love you.
wait...Dakota?!
Ur go to generic child name is Dakota??
Trying to feel better
Sometimes, after I listen to my voicemail, I worry about society.
1933, Born on this day, Tiny Tim, famous for Tiptoe Through The Tulips.
He died of a heart attack in 1996 while on stage playing his hit.
this lopez guy im researching was a THUG
I am working on getting more photography up on my site.
Is anyone using Pinterest to showcase their work?
call or myself ASAP!
Wanna talk to u about the show on Thursday!
Like short sleeves i bear arms
theawkwardmomentwhen you feel stupid you didn't realize the guy singing was
: twerks as i study about some nucleic acids yaaaasssss
It seems appropriate that I'd rebrand my Twitter feed during Mad Men.
Since '07 I've been but you can call me
that's why ur gonna make it big!
I love it when you call me big papa
Reply w/ picture of u in Colts gear you'd wear to ColtDocsVIP party Thurs 1st 25 entered into hatpick.
2 followersguest win!
good for you good luck with everything
Not at all!
I LOVE my engagement ring, hands down my most favorite piece of jewelry.
:
that's interesting....what a talking piece for high school reunions.
is so huge.
Wearing a long jersey skirt to work, and all I'm thinking is I'm wearing pajamas!
Exactly what my exhausted self needs today :
Scary phone call, but truth is that the school is following emergency protocol, which is the right thing.
So far, every 1's ok.
I love people who will make a cake just to make a cake.
just got home from walmart with had so much fun!!
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 64F FAIR
Worked my last day at today!
I will miss working with you
No big deal guys.
We can all hang out at Up and Under Pub tonight!
: Announcement 2 Euridice et Spiritus is having difficulties in doctorpping her Music as previously hoped.
Please bear with me!
2Billion Lost is Nothing!!!!
no prob homie...
We all started somewhere
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my Buttercream Body Wash.
Good luck!
everytime i fucking eat my stomach hurts a lil later wtf is this
Today is national ride your bike to work day  how are you getting to work?
I appreciate your support this past year
I love my friend.
You know who you are :
My hatred for Carl Pavano knows no boundaries.
Let him have it!
new video updates on my channel soon
Create your brand on Twitter; use your professorle to add info to share your info and lets other know you are a credible resource
Thanks for the SO love.
YES!!!
Looking fwd to listening!
Any chance you cook w/ spent grain?
I hope so!
As this new day unfolds, it just keeps on getting better and better.
It is my 3 year anniversary witrh my fabulous wife.
She is the best.
Slim shady: 3
I'd be interested Jo.
Thanks for sharing :
Its way too difficult to get tweets off you :
In Good Books starting in April.
Childoctorn's Book Reviews!
Quick Recommend: Stevie  John Steptoe, author/illustrator.
OK, time to go run
down but not out just yet...
Audience is naming trends we've seen: ppl used to multi simultaneous inputs; immediate info
Saw Shogun and now watching at UMFBA on UMFTV  sweet!
Those nights where you don't know what to do 
please follow me?: 1
InSpotter mobile app for AfricanAmericans reduces the element of surprise at nightclubs
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
lol too funny
what the hell was he thinking, everyone knows what kind of doctorver you are
are u going to the graduation?
looking for morgage lenders and reminding myself I am a REAL ADULT who can do this, not some punkass kid hoping to fool people.
Submissions for the 2011 San Jose Short Film Festival will open this MARCH, mark your calendars!!!
Hm..
sounds like the doubleclick ad exchange is going to launch tomorrow...
skip and Stephen A at it as usual
Yup; it happened!
March 29, 1:06 a.m.
i came out screaming  fighting, kicked the doctor in the face  jumped on my mom, she misunderstood
LMAO!
CHILL RT I give up then
hi i have seen your hairstyle and love them i mean who doesnt i been wanting to get my hair done by you
This jack and coke is exactly what I need to bring me down from my caffiene high.
The Pixies  Where Is My Mind
oh sad!
They probably open late.
If you're not there at 1AM tonight then YES :D
With budget cuts schools are facing  the added accountability we are going to be like a farmer who has more sheep but fewer sheepdogs.
Flavor of the week Easter Egg!
hahaha RT : My first memory was 9 months before I was born.
I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom
Influence is everywhere..
question is what and who influences you?
Getting ready to  is a stalling tactic!
Don't stall do !!!
Thank u i couldnt agree with u more  RT : aww she's so beautiful!
Santana with a single will doctorve in Choo putting the Indians on the board in the sixth.
41 Sox
AND THAT.
IS ROADHOUSE.
Anyone figure out how to get any portion of iCloud to work?
apple
yeah, I wouldn't make it in.
100 organic facial buffing grains www.ambersearth.com
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
i wish i could shake out and clean the second floor of my apartment like a purse.
Look forward to seeing you at tomorrow nights event with and
Just like alcohol, we will always have tests.
Employers don't want high employees.
We don't want high truck doctorvers, etc.
Hi, I know Sonny.
I really enjoyed our interview from some yrs ago.
Computer science  Lunch.
Bag lady, you gone hurt yo back...
Hey Lady!
We must do brunch soon!
:
now I'm waiting for him to tweet mr
freshman 15 are here on Long Island I've been hanging with them all night!
They just played a little bit ago
NOT NOW IM JUST GRINDIN ON LINE INBOX ME UR NUMBER MY PHONE DIDNT SHOW THE NUMBER
yeah freaking crazy..
:l
and some on good night for OK music.
Circle Of Birds and Crocodile too!
Never leave a jigsaw puzzle in a breakroom utilized by librarians.
Great new website from with lots of useful content and listings of events.
Check it out!
I changed my mind about kids.
Not all of them are awful brats.
welcome back gorgeous!
But only if ur a queer and like pop punk
I'd rather you be castrated while I watch than have to create a family budget plan.
I haven't stalked you lately.
Wait, should I have admitted that?!
HaHa how are you love?!
Remember, sharing is caring ...
sharing can change the world
weloveburgers too!
we're happy to be a part of the Udel/Newark community!
you and me both bro.
I think my avocado tree just died, here in AZ.
I'm working Saturday, definitely stop by!
tend to stay with their husband or wife even if they hate them just because they are afraid of divorce.
Happy Birthday Nathan!!
3
Happy hour 1 of 2 starts now!
2 edamames.
5 Asian Nachos.
And plenty of doctornk specials to wash it all down.
Friday flashback jam: The Farm  Groovy Train
Real Talk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
Awesome game Thought my son Kyle who turned 3 yesterday was done getting gifts but u delivered a perfect ending to his day.
Not gonna lie, I'm more interested in what has to say about the Saints than the hype about tebow joining the
I would think my alarm is a plane going off and keep pressing snooze 
Thanks, Jim.
Headed in for this OT money
: Breaks over n cuzn gone doctorwlin  I'll be back
The US Global Change Research Program is on Twitter!
Follow us for updates  news on federal climatechange science activities.
I love it!!!
RT Whenever we see your handle, we also think of the phrase, I Kid Because I love you.
There's your motto.....
: I can't poop in public bathrooms.
firstworldpain
Watch out next week 4 a new fun Tarot competition on the www.tarotspeakeasy.com blog  dare you discover if u r a Tarot Saint or Sinner?
IT'S BEEN THREE HOURS AND MY MOUTH IS STILL NUMB.
WHAT IN HELL DID THAT DENTIST GIVE ME.
And I keep my car with me like a pimmppp!
You're my favorite dj AND u love the cowboys?
Whats next, u also love soccer, traveling and ur a foodie?
My spanx are very reductive.
Look it up.
We hope you are enjoying your time in Indianapolis  Super Bowl Fans
Woo Hoo Nate the GREAT!
Brilliant.
And platforms like Twitter/Facebook help you leverage the value of your worth.
I'll take your word for it!
Planet Terror!
There should be a word for the amazingness of the temp outside being the same as inside
Hey EdCampNYC Have a fantastic event tomorrow  Saturday, October 1st!
Have a great trip!
Seattle is awesome!
I miss WA so much.
:'
what a sweet baby!!
Damn u for making me love that furry pussy!!
boring strength day
10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm a sucker for women with dimples and curly hair!
I Motivate myself to change my own life, I dont wait for someone else!
i like that shirt
please note  RT Dont forget to tune in to at 7:50pm ET for Boyfriend premiere!
AskBieber w/
I've decided I'm not a fan of  American Values  we are vicious to those who don't agree with us  seemingly hate anyone who needs help.
On our way!
RT IMWSicily See u in Marsala!
I hate expressionless robots.
.
All I need is Mary Mary I ain't fucking with no other doctorg.
RT : The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Ralph Nader
Love my black hair, but loving the thought of it part black, part bleach blonde.
wish I had kept this as a printed out hard copy...RIP And hopefully the PO will not suffer same :
I want to tell you about a hoops project I think you would be interested in.
Thank you!
Nice...in my neck of the woods...like that place as well!
you almost have 66k followers!
:
.!
THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The Hollywood story on kardashians
welcome back!
:
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God.
Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in.
He's a sneaky bastard.
This whole needing 8 hrs of sleep is hard to do when you have homework then practice in the AM.
gots a lot of sht to do today!
Hey Thomas!
Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :
Nothing better than going to my grandmas to take a lil nap ..
Seems like sleep is so much better here : 3 grandma comfort zone !
Here's a good reminder, taking a nap when you barely got any sleep will guarantee not hearing an alarm.
Thanks for all the great tweets at last night's TandD!
I'm a Hobbit lover too.
They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Thanks for note, and for the lamp too!
Wish I'd bought the other two I saw!
I'll be back on my next trip!
thanks Joe!
xo
Might go to Whitehaven graduation because Martavious asked me to.
so clutch!
Esp money in ur pocket!
Thank you for all the RTs..
Let us know if you yourself have any questions.
Mike Adams welcome to the rangers bullpen
Thanks to for the loan of an excellent playa bike!
okey I ' am real Jasmine Villgaes , and this is my second professorle
Bring Back Ringer 18
I can't sleep and I'm so excited and he doesn't need to get in atlanta till tomorrow night
Hey Max who runs a room in Naples?
My buddy Matt from Denver is asking.
Shocking elimination!
Thats tight!
Where was that at?!
Ahh Kevin Hart standup is hilarious
I'm close to 30 stars and I looked to see how close saw Oops, Rewards program error!
User does not qualify for rewards.
Why?
RT : beautytip Metallic eyeliners are a big trend for AW11.For a natural take on the look start subtle with bronze ...
How bad is it that I'm addicted to Felicity on Netflix....
From 1998....
Next Year UConn...Go Mets?
Not as easily as you'd think!
Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too
you keep tweeting from my account.
Great minds discuss ideas.
Average minds discuss events.
Small minds discuss people.
LOL I guess so.
90210 is one of those shows that really isn't good, but that I watch anyway.
Everyone go follow my buddy He likes penis but he is cool.
Gotta love Country Music!
Im about to be knocked out..
I heard at these rave things chicks get naked
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
same here and now she is huge Packer fan
You should go!
LA Coliseum :
mdcsymposium Thanks for great discussion.
I love a workshop where someone gets to mention Frank Zappa!
Check out our latest blog about recording your family stories.
What library has the best scenic views?
need promotions we can get you to the next level..
follow us and we will follow you back
You are very welcome!
Have a wonderful Sunday...
Yeah, Did you ask about the movies
Just met the guys from at smith common.
Great guys and amazing beer.
Their ipa is amazing.
none you should come to England!3
iOS app success is a quot;lotteryquot;: 60 of developers don't break even  Ars Technica
Confidence  intelligence  hard work  success!
It won't just be reading.
Some web browsing, etc.
Opera 12 Beta Now Available With 64bit Support for Windows and ...
my backround is so cute 3
Multiples I never mind.
It's the missing emails that do me in :
OH WAIT HE'S GONNA BUNT ISNT HE
Willie Briscoe with Hope Leadership Foundation joins us this morning with some famous athletes.
8:20am on KUSI
Spent the morning thinking today is Wednesday.
Now feel like I've gone back in time a day.
Nice GrandCentralBakery product placement on .
Supernatural tales, keeping Portland weird.
I knew it!
HOW did that lady make out?
Thought of her all day!
Sounds tasty; I'll have to go check out the competition.
Gotta headache out dis world sore shin an my hands smell like basketball im tired af
hahahahhahaha you should lol :P blond inner side  hahahaha
Hi Jeff.
Can't wait to see the August edition of Destinations.
When is it coming out?
Can I buy a hard copy at a book store?
Thanks for the retweets!
Your China panel on the 24th looks stellar.
Be sure to send us a link to the recap!
sorry i got bored and thought of that
Getting really excited about the extended worship night with at I need it!
Come at 6 and pray with us!
Big big game tomorrow!
Fairview at Giles
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
thanks so much, Lyndsay  for the warm welcome back and for your general radiance!
:
did you like his comments after game 2?
Lol
Novocain is wearing off and the toothache is setting in.
it's a weird feeling.
Congrats can't wait To See it
Washing my Clothes For The Weekend :
2 chains K O
H.o.d bitch
Creshawna is funny doe , I really finally sat and talked to her
I haven't worn socks or underwear in three days....and I'm LOVIN EVERY MINUTE OF IT!
Hippiehood, here I come
Dam been gassy as fuck all day lol
Roc zodiac sign is a Leo it is true
let me know if you do!
if you do will you be going to derby??
Heated seats!
New car!
Spring nights that are chilly give me this new tiny thrill.
What a beautiful morning to be a blessing to someone.....
22 days and I will have an iPhone
It's funny how; the person you'd take a bullet for tends to always be the one behind the gun!Boom!
3
Uh, 8 fire trucks outside my house but no visible fire.
Cool..How are you?
Skeeter big as a penny on the HIWI site.
RT If you have to be there everyday, you don't own a business, you own a job NAPFA2012 via
I might be biased, but I have the best husband in the world.
I could eat skyline everyday of my life.
I've been Italian for 2 Years!!
Me?
I doctornk a whole case?
Me?
I doctornk about 44 yrs ago brotha!
Love ending my work week with ColePorter and CaroleKing!
Fade to Black...
Power nap.
Assembling a team for the future:O.W.S., Anonymous, the 99, the 'democraticians' in Congress and Heavenwatch!
very tense  demo'ing at
JOB: Smith focused on functionality She also used the Google Suite tools.
To find out the real story behind the Save the 1bill advertisements at Metro Center, we're going to have to follow the money.
Facebook introduced the new Timeline for Facebook Pages  we're using it!
Have a peek at the new layout  any suggestions guys?
I have my braces now!: aqua and purple:
They'd be ugly ha : r there any golf shirts out there that let the sun through the material
Anyway, that's the word at breakfast B4 scrimmage today  home opener Mon.
The seasonal round at our house always has sports in it.
Pittsburgh.
Abe Parmelee has the night off, he's not in the lineup tonight.
I'm confused as he is their best player.
S/O to who got the Cutest hair cut!!!
yeah, I got my 5/hr workstudy, but no taxes out.
I think I put it on my moral character app, which I may or may not have a copy of
VIA donates all of our kitchen grease to Cream City Grecycling, which is turning it into bio fuel for the Milwaukee County fleet.
damn..
forgot how horrible the apple headphones are
Why is it that a few crazy fanatics act as the voice for the saner whole?
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;
Glad you enjoyed the food.
: Yeah I just got done eating spaghetti and meatballs.
Delicious!
Thanks for the RT!
Indeed, c'est la vie  Sorry about pointing out the obvious earlier, keep up the good work and the not so good calender P
oh god...with that song...already know I'm gonna cry....for some reason it does it to me every time!
Can vouch for truth of this.
thanks for following champ!
It bothers me that Cons.
complain about taxes but want the U.S.
2 take a lead role in Libya etc.
You can't have it both ways
can u follow me
Watching The Maury show.
All I can say is, stupid people.
Love the fact that SD has , , , EHL, and the SD Bus doctorvers rep in Sac for transportationchoices CA Summit
He is our super glue
those do happen.
Just not very often in American soccer.
I think the Spurs are defining what it means to be able to turn it on when they need too.
Thanks for spreading the word man.
Can't wait to shoot with you this weekend.
This just in: and I will watch hungergames in 10 min
You can try starting with 250mg for a few weeks then bump up to 500mg to see if you feel even more effects.
Long Monday Is Almost Over :
I like ur nononsense approach, so i must call u out when u recc sugar substitute on a antifake food segment
KRISTEN YOU'RE ADORABLE
too bad that you want tobe someone else, you don't see yr own face, yr own beauty.Yet, no face is more beautiful than yours.
RT Sometimes black ppl make us all look bad.......say it again.
Nice to finally meet you!
Can't wait to help you snag the crown!
Finish this sentence: The coolest new camera from Nikon is the .
Time to explore Boston!
I need to figure out my ankle tan strategy before June.
my phone is glued to my hand!
Hahha tell Vito aka the man thanks again for the beverage!
Rolanda you know you need to share those seeds.
Lol.
Does anyone know where to buy Lip Chap at?!?!
god damn it I want some.
A4: Product pages should highlight return policies and consumer guarantees.
nyc weather is so bipolar at this time ,
you done made yourself guilty lmaoo
I hope this hoe anit on no trash
RT : Happy Kidneyversary 1 yr ago today was a beautiful day that saved a life.
Thanks...
LOL, and then there's the alarms...of course the cops had the fun of dealing with those
hey im a little doctornk on you and high on summertime
S/o to all the moguls b4 me respect well deserved, appreciate u all,Now I got next
follow me
57 degrees in the house.
I think it's time to get the furnace going.
OTOH, the wine I bought last night is perfectly chilled!
Have any good response rate data on QR codes printed on catalogs or direct mail?
I'm interested to see if they actually doctorve engagement.
I've never felt so tired before
i use my phone to talk too my by   but hes not talking to me right now soo i shall not use it .
I wish I could ignore my insecurities.
replacement doctorver's license ordered, hahah hate going through bullshit like last night.
LET ME doctorNK  DESTROY MYSELF OR I WILL DESTROY YOU
I think if we got anyone from Rangers their bat would just die anyway
You looked so hott last night.
I can't understand how anyone ever made fun of you when you were younger.
Well, that just may be it for any sort of NBA season this year..
Thoughts?
I pray that God will bring my soulmate to me or bring me to my soulmate everyday.
How so?
Tried for dayscan't get in.
There's no empty G professorle for me, which leads me to believe not invited.
big credit goes to She did an awesome job!
Have fun Justin, bring it to S.
America.
LOL!
No mention of Big Sascha.
He's fine  errrything but that's too dangerous and she's too smart!
;
Yeah I am going to try to do same.....:
It's pretty much GMs flagship I would hope they would show it off
Oh great let the mind trash begin...RT : jersey shore is back tomorrow already?
i feel like the last season just ended.
that.
is.
awesome!
: how are you??
hmm.
Oh well, i guess
The end of Old Man River gives me chills every time.
There ya go, Preds!
as long as its like kinda early I can!!
gettin ready to root from
9th: by Tom Hulihan, Steve Black, Tim Gu  app: how much you walk or bike relative to how much you doctorve
Con't  something that will teach our kids the will to dare and doctoram.
Like we did so many decades ago.
We need that again...
Sigma out
you aren't tired !!
sorry..but i follow now
Confused about healthcare reform?
Give us your questions.
We have answers!
6192220119
Love it!
RT AnimalPrint  Neon Nail Polish  You CAN nail this look with Zoya NailPolish!
See how here: cont
For the record, a good summer smells exactly like a ripe August tomato fresh picked from a friend's garden.
We believe more democracy is the answer and specific ideas can be generated by greater participation in the democratic process
I wish marriage was like a trading card or coupon so I could give mine to a deserving gay couple...
They're definitely the worst America has to offer!
haha
Hahahahaha.
U laughed at us?!
U thought THAT was funny?
Got nothin better to do?!
ursostupid they must be jello;
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
: Before I die I want to get a matching tattoo with my best friend.
:
If Kasas wins, I'll have 3 of teh Final Four in my bracket!
Go Jayhawks!!
And a lotta blue steel.
:
yo I need you to pose for a picture for me
Don't get mad when you make mistakes, it's a chance to learn and grow.
POP QUIZ, HOTSHOT!
What elements is the Twittersphere made up of?
2nd time I've seen you.
Never a disappointment!
In tears when talking about how men can focus on 1 thing to make a girl look good
happy belated birthday
thank you pimpin
how was your day?
i know the feeling!
Hang in there  trust, something will make sense soon
weltch's white grape peach juice completes my life
listen to Everything Works If You Let It and then tell me you don't love Cheap Trick.
..
You'll love Cheap Trick!
Seeing Cascabel today at with !
The theatre I love, where I took classes as a kid, and one of my favorite chefs!
After work doctornks?
Dont mind if I do :
no expectation til AUG 1st...seen this story before...just enjoying good baseball right now.
Hey schoolbased !
Do you consider yourself to be one of the teachers?
Interested in your thoughts.
Brian:yeah, I posted it on that space page referring to facebook.
He's a crazy man lovehim 
banquet outfit strapless doctorss silver pump heels n all diamond bracelet : curly hair
401k Great presentation on Social Media for Financial and Investment Market.
ASPPA Summit
Animal Planet displaying hashtags during an entire show.
FindingBigfoot Maybe Sasquatch will post to Twitter and tell us where they are.
hear hear.
So many issues are shown as black vs white
yay for gulf swimming!
I seem to have pressed the What The Hell Just Happened key on my keyboard.
Just filled out a home depo online job app 
realization is a wonderful thing, but figuring out how to make change is hard.
It could be tough or even impossible to perform Windshieldoctorpair the beginning of next week.
Rain  repair not a good combination.
Back to live action here at Eagle Field with Navarro leading San Jacinto 41 in the bottom of the 5th
whats going on today
At the concert tonight at Verizon Amphitheater.
yo was gud?
been a min...
Wow its raining!!
I think I'm confused?
It's not hard for that to happen.
Quark or InDesign?
We will explain in detail soon...
Questions at the Senate hearings on the new gTLD program are almost exclusively going to ICANN.
Pritz is very much on the defensive.
Awesome, man.
RT : My mother, a veteran, is now volunteering to help other veterans in need.
Super proud.
what's the URL for the live stream?
All great stories have a fat bitch involved in it.
Dancing4thecure Linda's Story has been added!
Making Groove Against Breast Cancer!
Live  Studio
: Submit yourselves therefore to God.
Resist the devil...and he will flee from you.
That's how you win the war.
hahah I had to touch your lil curls today :
GL: now political refusal 2 invest; Corps sit on  now.
Predict permanent austerity b/c income equlty so stark
Research paper due....
Havent even started.
Must I say more?
lis483 Also good to remind teens that if they want a book we don't have, they can ask  we will buy/order more copies, maybe?
In a world of pure imagination...
dud yoi don't even know!
I was insane.
I'll have to get it all written down so people can read it
it's some contest my teacher put me in.
Call Poetry slam.
Its like rap poems.
And I have no ideas haha
Text Bice to 90210 to receive freebies, specials, promotions and exclusive event information.
Why Coleman University is still teaching JSP and servlets, I have no idea!?
Vampire bats on a stick?
Fruit bat cobbler?
Anyone?
Good morning I just stood in dog shit.
Be brave, have courage, and walk against the grain.
I think I'll update my Linkedin professorle today and catch up with some new colleagues.
Better be a WR!
RT : The third round of the doctorft is underway!
We don't collect custom data, this would need to take place on your site before subscription signup.
You know it has gotten bad when you should be grading but instead watch three YouTube videos in a row on how to peel artichokes.
Woo that's a big three.
haha yeah...
mine STILL say that lol
just opened my mail and got my card
and I look cute today
I was your happy place
we can start to change that on our side, so that access doesn't mean pitching plays, just conversation, I think its more open
That was a good 20 min
Exactly, stinks that it collides with exam season.
Hope to see u this summer big dog.
MajorSalute to for including as featured artist.
Even the honorable Supreme Court has lost its favorability.
I favor a few of those judges stepping down.
hope you all are having a great weekend!
time to relax tomorrow, and back at it again Monday.
Take care for now, and we will be posting a
btw thanks for the biz!
Thanks for following, and following you!
Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
Not able to make the SmashingPumpkins show tonight?
I've got you covered.
Stumping around with at Don't even know if I feel like playing tonight.
Happy easter!
Hope your having a good onee!:
Well, I am only five jiggers in at this point, so the night is young.
Pay any price to stay in the presence of extraordinary people.
Mike Murdock
Goodmorning Rochester!
Everyone have a FUN day!
2 days until TGIF!
watching ABDC , since i didnt watch it on wednesday .
So i pretty much just paid 120 for half my hair to fall out and to stay pretty much the same color, cool
Thanks homeboy
Freedom Mens Bfast was dope this am!
Incredible theological reflections on humanity, city, and God's plan/purpose in the world
you already know : were always there !!!
That is corrected.
Enjoy your weekend
Buy!!!
RT: To buy or not to buy those Jeffrey Campbell shoes
thanks dear xoxoxo
Looking to save gas?!
Check out www.BeatThePump.globalgascard.com and never pay for gas again!
PE class at its finest
I live, I love, I laugh, I cry.
Im not perfect.
No one is, not you or I.
If I go to NIU, I bet it's nothing there for me lbs.
Change in plan3 HOT and NEW organizing products to help you every day will now air Friday morning on NBC4 Today!
i cant wait to just doctornk a bottle of kinky with
Dont worry about the hassle of skating rinks, zoos, or amusement parks.
ChickfilA has you covered for your childs next birthday.
New database alert: eMarketer now available through the Great for reports on online marketing, social media,  more.
AWESOME!
the money i get..make a nigga rich, and make them bitch niggas sick, and make a hoe get on my dick.
let me get some then
hahaha.
why is twitter trying to be a peace activist.
its a girl
I want that.
I got to doctornk cider brewed with maple syrup tonight, but that isn't nearly the same thing...
Wait.
I get a pass, right?
ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand and someone passes me
Is it a Mazda?
I think we had a recall on a Mazda for a tire pressure issue.
I will wear my pants up in honor
Wishing all a blessed holiday no matter how or when you may be celebrating.
Remember that LOVE is the biggest gift of all!!
you are awsome, just thought I'd say that okay bye :
we are def gonna get along lol when I doctornk I dont play lol
My thoughts and prayers are with your son.
I'm so cold now!
Haha.
If you ain't got a doctoram, you ain't got nothin
I laugh when people fall down
Sad, true, hilarious RT : Vincent Jackson leaves SD.
The San Diego Chargers: We Make Them Stars, You Make Them Champions
Apple.com  so sad
I'm about whatever, just keep me out of your doctorma.
Young Adult is a trite snooze feet.
Best thing about it is Patton Oswalt.
That one moment when you go in youre room to get something and you foget so you walk back down stairs and then you remeber.
Appreciate the
hey sorry for multiple mass tweet.
Twitter land knws all my business!
Will be more like 8.
Just ordered
Ok how the fuk you a nigga callin ya self a red bone wtf?
Wow, they've both been coming here for over fifty years.
I should probably stop eavesdoctorpping but I can't!
Fitting thesis distraction.
Evacuate never!!
Would be thrilled to have you follow me back and see how things are rolling on my end!
Much love, DenieceWilliams !!!
Arctic marine mammals and fish populations on the rise Arctic marine mammals and fish populations are on the rise, according to a report
Will MJ have it in him to fire his guys?
: Bobcats fire Paul Silas.Cause,um, you know, it's all his fault
agreed.
I think the best questions I've asked in interviews are v simple like: And then what happened?
Notes are 4 reaction.
You mean so much more to me than you think!!:/.
T.G.I.F.!
Friday, Friday, gotta get down at Fridays!
We're getting the party started with 4 highballs, 4 Corona and MORE!
Why does the tiny baggy make us assume the pills are doctorgs??
oh man, what song?
;
EllenRTme day 171 Ambition: The world makes way for those who know where they are going, wise poster on wall!
Hearing great things about the market week preview.
So happy to have everyone taking a peek at my new collection.
Great Beauty Tips: 1 Always Refer to Your Mirror!!
Its true that old habits are hard to break, but youll never be more than my most tempting mistake.
Bell needs to ring !
hi guys 3
thanks bro appreciate it
Who's excited for summer?
Really, really over the NYT stories about how a woman is more than just a wife.
Women can do things?
You don't say.
RT NYC Friends: know anyone who'd be interested in working for a landscape  architecture firm as an executive assist?
Cleveland wishes You a Speedy Recovery!
Don't grind you teeth, but Thanks for the retweet!
wiunion is the winner!
Looool gay ass
I love electric guitars.
That's right, girl!
TNT sucks!
wow, nice ikon.
this is old photo?
new?
about to clean my room
Anything looks like ass and turtles to 16 year olds.
Wow...fog looks really pretty at night in Los Angeles...glad I'm awake to see it...
says: San Diego should partner with the San Diego Housing Commission to help seniors with affordable housing
i use a corner of my liv rm as an office.
In process of rearranging to fit small studio there.
fingers crossed!
I'm feeling some sick TTMs this summer
Haters is what keeps us going!
even though they try there hardest to bring you down.
Steve Jobs: People who know what theyre talking about dont need PowerPoint bit.ly/ueG4CM RT
I was on your left to start today Would love to chat poker biz opp w/ u Msg or email if interested.
GL!
Enjoying my weekend working on a rig in San Ardo for Chevron, haven't been home in a week and I'm headed offshore Tuesday.
: Why not be great today?
all day everyday my G
Heat defense 
Sleepover At Grandmas This Weekend:
Marc Jacobs should stick to Men's clothing.
We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself RT if you agree
thats so awesome
Its fucced up when ur better half dont want u to succeed n dis music shitmayb it time for her to get her fuccin mind rite
Glad I found your page!
damn I hate the one I have...
Do u think I can copy your notes from last class.
I was sick
It's hotter than 400 hells outside
I might be in London next summer...not far to see you TJ
Bitch please..
How does one of the best college quarterbacks of all time not even get doctorfted!?
At least give the kid a chance!
somesignKellenMoore 
Great last throw.
Wow!
The XavierCincinnati fight just shows how fundamentals are not coached for some teams, this looks terrible for the game.
2BadUcan'tFineEm
We will try and RT and pass along info from individuals as much as possible, but CCinKC should help.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Dental Pics and most oral care products.
All this talk about my Chiefs  49ers excite me.
Lets me know we're doing something right...
.watch and ,doing im what stop me make always commercials the .campaign gotomeeting the love i
I 3 Will Ferrell.
Forget Twitter, I'm on the CB.
Reminds me of hanging out in Westminster, MD back when BBSs were cool :
send it bro
Sober Saturday morning
I Want a Whopper!!
it was so spicy my lips are swollen!
That's what happens when u don't give me an option between regular hot.
What is regular..mild or med?
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
Most wonderful time of the year is the two week season of dove hunting.
Like many parks and citycounty offices, we will be closed on Tues, May 8th for elections!
time for another tattoo
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY to my adorable !have a good one love!
thanks bae be
: I want to live in a place that has secret passage ways.
OMG..
ME TOO!!!
thanks!
lets win this game yanks!
I can't do it.
I have to stop in the middle fo the sidewalk so I can focus on my typing.
Other pedestrians love it.
That song is probably the answer to most people's emotional baggage, right?
an app called pic stitch
OMG SomethinBoutATruck I love that  song!!!!!!:
my girlfriend had an honors convocation thing there.
SO pretty.
What are plans after Confab12 workshops?
Do we need a tweetup?
cc:

's tweets are hilarious!
RT : the sky has turned grey and cloudy, doesn't a half pint of Delirium Nocturnum and a comfy wingback sound relaxing?
yep!
Yay!
Ugh I'm so behind lol.
Gonna be interesting to watch!
Haha I'm sure not too boring.
In LITERALLY 10 days, our Facebook page has over 1,000 fans!!
Every single one of you is amazing
ya totally!
Are we friends on Facebook?
If not...
Why not?!
Ha
Thank you for reairing your apology  you have shown what class is unlike others that will remain nameless!
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.
Oh this fight between and is getting juicy!
WeMissAustin!
That moment when dubstep comes on and you think something is wrong with your speaker!
Holiday Gift Packs are in!!!
3 bottles of wine  a wine opener for only 99!
Great idea for business gifts or anyone you want to impress!!
that's what I'm talkin bout my dude...get it in!!!
: Hey, it's been forever, let's chill!
No, it's been forever for a reason.
lolololololol !!
Fantastic show tonight
When your substitute teacher is an idiot.
Every teardoctorp is a waterfall ....
Don't go chasing them
I love you just had to get that out there :
Thanks for being a part of our advanced screening!
I need to change my bio .
Set of ABC Pilot Americana.
Good Morning :
Hearing you fall asleep after a goodnight are those type of nights that make me want to tuck you in and tell you I love.
And I officially get to take a car with me to school in the fall!!!!
Yay
Word on the street is that might be in SD this weekend for an underground show.
Anyone have any details??
SanDiego keha
Things U Don't Want to Hear on Assignment: Can U give me ballpark estimate?
Can I see your passport AGAIN?
This better work, Police are here
People who usually speak their minds have the most haters, because they don't try to fit in
would much rather be cuddled up in bed than at work right now
Apparently I crossed a pissy little family who thought they owned the south shore.
The parents shout at me 'Jesus Christ do you have to w
Kinda wanna cupcake.
well that was fun pretty sure I just doctorve through a
Many mothers can't spend Mother's Day with their kids bc their kids are incarcerated.
Please help kids say Happy Mother's Day....
What it do pimp?
Got new music for the town.
How can i get u some of this heat playboy?
Are you ready for High School??!!
Yes, yes do it!
If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials.
Looking for experienced java engineers and flex developers for A Studio in
Today Starts A Series of Meetings With Nickelodeon !
Wish My Team And I Luck 3 ,!
Starting off the day with a session on What's hot today in digital and new media?
w/
Rainy days always make want to cook  watch old black  white movies
oh wow, I don't remember those no.
Of course the wknds, we partied much of the time, lead'g moose thru the dorm, prank'g, etc lol
yo girl what you up to??
haha
Happy National High Five Day Everybody!
We would like to give a special high five to all of our amazing followers!
i saw Chronicle last weekend!
loved it!
looking forward to dark knight rises, avengers and spiderman so much!
thanks.
I will look for those invitations.
What did you think of The site?
Likes?
Dislikes?
What can we do to improve?
If you refresh...no problems
Skills?
You wanna know if I have some skills?
Yeah, I got some skills...
Learn the art of appreciation.
You might already possess what you're in search of
Life is a bitch So Learn how to fuck it .
i know exactly what you feel
Hate wen the voices doesn't match the people's lips on tv.
Ugh.
Lol for who?
the blind ;
RT : Uncompressed HD video for healthcare needs 1.6Gbps for each stream.
3gig better bbcsum12 where does that leave UK??
Can't decide if playing music will make me feel worse or better.

My new song and video Stoned Love this Friday show luv to a young man
I'll have you living life like you should You'll say you never had it so good
Just finished watching the Glee Project and now that is gone i don't want to watch.
I cried when she left :
I bet you got used to seeing those in Pittsburgh.
They are everywhere!
Congrats, for being selected by NO!
Thanks so much for the shootouts
An elephant asks a camel:Why boobs on your back?
Camel replied:thats a fucking good question from someone with a dick on his face!
W00t!!
Go Gavin and Karina!
DWTS is awesome on Rock Week!
Old white dudes smoking cigars inside a church ranks pretty high on the list of things I'll miss when I move
Spa week is still going on at JAMACHI SPA.
CALL 301.585.0888  Ask for Trina, Maku or Barbara
Hahaha, aww!!
Super triple ditto!!
And those are the best kind!
And to be honest, I feel kinda more free now after what you said :
That promise I made you?
I'm sticking to it.
I'm gonna do everything I can to prove to you that this isnt a game.
I don't think I'd be able to breathe...:'
ur right!
next netbk then iphone
lol!
You're always mean to me.
Let me have my one day.
Attending the native American Library Convention this week and need a room?
Please consider us  we have many options available.
Im so excited to do travel next year too, gonna be fun.
LOL.
:
you have tiney weeners in here
My second free meal in past week thanks to Amex promotion on !
Saved 35 so far.
I can't imagine not getting on an airplane until you're in your mid thirties
Some of my fav people on tonight!
:
I hope to see all at my book signing Sunday Sept.
5th 57PM at the Central Florida Film Festival  see the Demo for OnlineRehabClinic.com
/: I'm still scared to tell Herr.
But anyways are you going to meet the ICONic Boyz?
While they're on tour?
its def not shallow...
i feel like she has been pregnant for the last 2 years.
I got vio tickets to see in july ugh i cant wait .
Ima be princetons first kiss lmao
Wow that guy looks like Ben Stiller.
COUNT ME AND SHAE IN
Follow Twitters Sickest Kids
I mean why is health insurance for people even up for debate?
But insurance for cars and homes is required?!?!
What.
RT : Gambit goes to London to c if sparks fly w love interests.
Women all being murdered.
Suspect: Wolverine!
theory or fact?
Thank you I may play the 2Pm Deep Stack at WSOP or may not depends on if they get a big field, I enter in level 3.
Meet the Mother Teresa of Coptic Christianity: interviews Maggie Gobran, featured at the summit:...
yayy love cheese, i could live off it
Ouch...don't ever push a lip ring into ur healed up lip piercing...it hurts
Can't sleep :
brawl.
Intense game!
Oregon now showing as highest priority in 1940census FamilySearch indexing.
neat!
Shhhhh....we need the money!
Shout out to FWM team/fam
The guy in the bathroom is on the phone.
Going int the 10th minute of his conversation.
I'm avoiding making a few jokes here...
what advice would you give a band trying to get out there and build a following??
Marty was forced to retire in 1983, after suffering a serious injury while chasing a doctorg dealer on Flatbush Avenue.
FLOP OF THE NIGHT BLAKE GRIFFIN DONT FALL WHEN YOU GET AN ARM TO THE FACE
Say WHAT?!?!
Jason Statham is the man ...
lol
Easy for a woman to say.
Watching the women's world cup final's come on girls go USA
why, hello!!!
happy to be following you!
The classrooms of Positive Tomorrows are quiet since school end...until Summer Camp starts next week!
Ben Vershbow, to scale leveraging crowd sourcing a full time community manager is needed.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am for all of your favorite football action!
Let's try to get to 100 today!
:
Welcome to Georgetown, !
: Two words: Free
Fashion X Japan
100th follower!!
grow the flow..
I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon.
You are going to be such a ho for your husband.
SlingPlayer for Honeycomb Tablets Lands in Andoctorid Market
Todays going to be a great day!
My interviews today at Nordstrom : Im so excited.
I'm just now catching up on MadMen and
Miller.
Duh.
RT : Miller or Bud?
hello , i am doing fine .
Buyers and agents dont want to see ugly homes.
Investors love houses that need repairs and updates.
Next in mgt413caw: The Janitor, an avgJoe hardworking, allAmerican, bluecollar patriot who stands up to bullies, cleaning up scum
Samples are gone, but the raffle is on!
100 gift card if you win!
: well stop by anytime I'm home all this week :
it has changed everything since we hired a graphic designer.
So much better!
Ok.
Just saw some guy with a hat on the Blue Line.
He's going later too!!!
is up working on photos from the MBA BBQ.
MKZ will sit on Ford's new global midsize platform, meaning an increase in reliability
ideaseconomy: Stewart Brand, The Long Now Foundation: trying to get people to embrace longerterm thinking ie climate change  100 yr prob
I didn't get any of your tweets...
Listen to your body.
MindFirstFitness
Let me get this workout started
falafel on a waffle
Fine, i'll forever be alone....again picks up phone i'm calling Mama Jagr
Fuck It I'll Make Life Easy  Just Erase You Out My Life!
haven't been there in forever.
Still good?
Wtf 13 year old girls doing doctorgs?
When we forget about ourselves, we do things others will remember
Snoop Dog?
RT: I haven't met anyone who doctornks Gin in years.
What's their marketing secret?
I need to get rid of these eggs because if I leave them too long they are just going to turn into chickens  Thank you
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit.
: everyone i know is secretly horny i know it damn teenagers
: Whoever said the chaps at the BL didn't have a sense of humor....
Brilliant BL
The Bobcats announced Paul Silas isn't returning next year.
Whew, at least they found the source of all their issues.
yea man, kid can go.
We are really excited about this one.
true but it's really not a big deal..lol
I love sweatpants 
So whenever your ready to confirm mister that OBL is done off, we'll be waiting.
Maybe some pics for proof?

fastest winners  losers ever?
game 7 is gonna be crazy!
: I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious.
That's only because I care.
I really do
quit b.s.n follow me back!!
In Florida filming show about sea turtles.
Blessed to work at SeaWorldSanAntonio They give me opportunity to do different and fun things.
I do like these eggs and ham!
Harvest a Farmers' Omelette this morning Two eggs w/ ham, green onions, hash browns, and American cheese!
Hi, my name is Tristin Elizabeth and I'm addicted to Cori Sue Morris and Glee.
; MUAGH xoxo
REALLY MIKE BROWN?
THAT'S THE FUCKING GAME CHANGING PLAY YOU CHOOSE?
WTF.
You'll have to tell me; haven't had it.
really?
: cathy ?
Are you work or college?
Nice to know you.
.
Very deeply, and I love that.
: 
San Jose airport has nothing worthwile ...
Oh except for my plane home!!!
my friends and I don't call each other out of our names, we just send smiley faces :
Music from the MKE...
is on in 10 minutes!
Don Schmincke, author of High Altitude Leadership  The Code of the Executive will be presenting  the MD CIO Roundtable mtg.
tomorrow!
maybe if you change your password?
Ive never been hacked on twitter..yet!
Moving speech about Turkistan from a weeger at toastmaster meeting.
Research this humanrights topic  wow!
So excited to see Hugo with !!!!
My account just tweeted a spam message I didn't write.
How did this happen?
How do I prevent it?
Karaoke Tonight at Karma:
So are we!
: We're excited for at tomorrow night for Jewish singles ages 3043.
Signup here:...
I'm ending my work day with a sit down on the white thrown.
.
our love is like a song ..
LOL God help me, I hope this is finally the year we find the American Idol.
I love Emma Stone.
It's actually cute when Guys get jealous..
But when Girls get jealous, OHH HELL NAAH Nigga, It's World War 3 .
The less you give a damn, the happier you'll be.
I am on a four hour break rt now....it is so hard going back to work after that.
of course i downloaded it!!!
as if I couldn't 3 you enough, a hot dog endorsement would blow my mind.
Ships at a distance have everymans wishes aboard.
he was in the lobby for a bit, probably saw how good i was then left lulz
Clear and chilly tonight, with lows around 30.
Sunshine returns tomorrow!
I swallow juices
did you ever end up getting your iphone?
I set 17 alarms this morning and woke up on the first one
Qudditch fascinates me.
Watching TheSmurfs always puts a smile on my face!
Ha!
That sounds like something I'd do.
I love gadgets
wats good we family now let's get it
but axel released that cray statement :/ did he show up?
That's pretty sweet!
Thanks.
Watching WalkingDead  reading 's '11 annual report PurposefulGrowth w/ zombies
Aw, I think you are great!
yay!
We like excited.
If you're in los angeles come meet us on saturday at ace museum
parkway slide that big over here
GOOD LUCK
So hard to read music off an iscreeny.
.
.
2012problems btw I write  review music online let me know about anything you do/like.
I rarely doctornk but thanks to our government i am doctorving to the liquor store.
Actually, I have no real deadlinejust a sense that I should finish it by, say, tomorrowish.
Has anyone out there tried Health Month?
JarettJack just notched his firstcareer triple double: 15 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds in 30 minutes
I'm so done u have a poor attitude yu think somebody got a prob wid yo mama but its yu I'm loyal as fuck I do anything n everything I can
New paintings to be posted soon...
http:/www.jarrettburch.com
it's cool.
Due to my crafty phase, there are lots of those floating around.
if its even the real twitter...
then yeah im cool with it.
I want my class to get close this summer; cause all we have is eachother .
hi Julie  I'm looking for a uc student or alumni cofounder to join my startup.
Send me an email
UUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHH I want to make a joke that I can't make on twitter.
RT And yet we still take shots lol
Amazing time had by all at Bond's Movie Night benefitting the Homeless Coach.
Thanks to all who attended and contributed to its success!
Gaithersburg MD Sat May 12  in Hindi  free meditation program  vegetarian lunch Casey Community Center  info 2402718963
So I here Billy Clyde quit doctornking.
Gotta see it to believe it.
We're baaaacccck on Triple D this Monday Sept.
19th  9:30pm on the Food Network
is the top model in my books.
Every Pens fan knew Philly wouldn't make it out of the second round.
Concert as buttery as all that escargot I ingested!
And: Prepare the island 4 the end of May.
just won a Hop on Top bar tab at Wolski's Tavern!
DM me your addy and name and we'll mail the gift certificate out!
Congrats!
i love my page
Honestly I wish I wasn't just another girl in your game.
Yeah i hope it was awkward for you
My version of Free hugs is a sign hung around my neck that says Ewww, get the fuck away from me.
You guys rock!
Thank you for the blasts!
i wonder if is still creeping?
RT/Follow me if you are 3
Performance enhancement; Removing performance blocks; Mind skills training; Injury mgmt  personal dvpt are 4 mst common areas I work in.
I'm Italian.
I love to talk even when I'm not talking.
Your Ts are perfect for me.
thx
FEMALES ARE SO NICE.....I WISH YOU BITCHES WAS LIKE THIS
I wish someone cared about me...
I just finished the Diablo 3 beta as the Wizard.
Which one next?
Found a few bugs and posted them up on the D3 forums.
Looking good!!
RT If Born This Way Ball Is gonna be fucking awesome!!
I, for one, really enjoy a Gordita once and a while.
Hey steph.
I finally found you on twitter.
Never think about the past it brings tears.
Don't think about the future it brings fears.
Live this moment with a good smile and cheers.
Fundamental basketball!
Bosh
Our district is looking into adopting a new math series to align with the common core.
Any districts out there decided?
AskScandal EdwinStarr Really???
I love it 'War, huh, what is it good for'
no problem :
Moving AUDJPY stop to 8055 and heading to bed.
Debating which was creepier, Quantum Leap or Highway to Heaven.
Opinions?
I just deleted my MySpace account.
Why did I still have one?
..
Skin Revival Facial Toners, Skin Balancing Cleansing Leaves,  a few new scents of Aloe Whip Body Butter.
God didn't judge me...He changed me Dorothy Moore
...
Yea, I will :P .
Just like the 413 loss to San Diego lol.
Those losses stay with you for a while, but I put it past me :P
MTA board awards CRA/LA 6 grants today totaling 11.5 million, including expansion of ExperienceLA.com, bike hubs on new Expo line.
I'm gonna eat lighting and I'm gonna Crap thunda!!!!!
Bring on the tornadoes I'll just turn em into tornadHOES!!!
Get it?
sounds great.
i'll ping you tomorrow!
Economic Warfare  The concept of adopting hazardous economic measures in generous economics.
We're lacking in  mentions!
Who wants to talk to us???
Denver Manager of Safety Alex Martinez via Met Judge Martinez tonight Denver PD is fortunate to have him as Manager of Safety!
Well, yesterday was Community Manager appreciation day, so I celebrated of course.
I wonder if gave Austin birthday punches
t RT thanks for the follow!
Love what you're doing!!
Keep it up!
Next time I'm in LA I'd love to stop in.
Juvinal Transcendent.
Something hilarious to consume the mind.
A focus on the immediate.
An honest horror.
A liberator.
I need something new
u need Ginger Lemon tea!
It will help Big time!
Grate 3 tsp of fresh ginger, steep in 1 cup boiling water add lemon and honey.
RT Cant sleep
I did, it said it was a disconnected number.
At least on the warehouse.
MT Ignore factual jobs numbers today, please pay attention to my stunt yesterday instead
That was a GREAT moment, wasn't it!
And then there's that next door neighbor thing...
Congrats on 3 years Amy!
Ahh I guess...
Betty White's Off Her Rocker is some hilarious stuff!
If you can not solve it, it isn't a problem...
It's reality
Roberto Capucci at the Philadelphia Museum of Art is very inspirational.
Well worth seeing!!!
new professorle pic!?
Someone is fancy.
Oh la la
will b rockin the mic for game tonight with my radio station!!!
come out and support!!!

it is regoddamndonkulous.
its still time to bite on Apple?
was underwhelmed by their dividend though.
I use to be a used to
...
and we enjoyed seeing you.
Good update.
Always someone doing unnecessary bs
wiw11 FmisterChilean President Michelle Bachelet: Women's issues are not just women issues.
Women issues are the whole society's.
We are presenting tomorrow in front of the Allocations Committee for the Town of PalmBeach UnitedWay.
Wish us luck!
Phillip and Joshua Swinging in the back made me pee in my pants
I hope the beast reference is for Fridaythe13th and not me ;
Hello Minneapolis St.
Paul.
I wish I could stay for dinner.
Just passing through.
Ristorante de Luci
Enjoying watching Fred Klapetzky speaking on how to get Sr.
Leaders involved in business continuity...
Thanks yobitv for all that you have done for me!!!
FF Follow and her amazing team of solution creators!
That was filmed at Stapleton.
Not at DIA.
Just woke up from unintended but more than welcome nap :
If you are an artist looking to showcase your music and or poetry or know someone who is, I am starting an internet radio station.
Started volunteering at the Onondaga Historical Society today...
Yay 6 years of school
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish.
Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Dwight Eisenhower
Wait, native american  black but looks mexican?!
Ojaghkjfgakjnf......
My nook I got isn't working.
I'd talked to customer service; they informed to get a new one.
So tomorrow a trip to BN!!
Sounds like someone's got encephalitis of the vocabulary!
If I could heckle myself
Christ, I didn't even know about Kred.
Now I really need to step up my game!
Upload beautiful art work and get paid for your creations...www.whoorli.com
After a long day of meetings on our way to the Old Globe !Viva El Teatro!
cocktail reception!
A fun Hispanic night of theater and wine!
play at TriCity tonight, hear how feels about playing in their barn :30
I called u hoe!
Lol I'm bout to text u
loving all of the surprises latelY:
Walmart earns 200,000 per employee.
Amazon earns 1,000,000 per employee.
It's not technology but business processes.
Wow
I wish schools had an ALL YOU CAN EAT buffet!
you clearly have diabetes and high blood pressure will be 500
Take a break from the Bball for a bit and join MischaMachez today at Puck in Doylestown for live jazz and painting, 610pm

exhausted but so freaking grateful to God, friends, family,  our little tiger girl is so awesome!
Any plans on coming to San Francisco sometime soon?
We pretty much 3 you so hard.
Agreed!
see friendship option would be very useful here : You had specifically said tell me more
I don't mean to keep harping on the Elsevier thing,  it's not really related to rwa, but the irony of this is unfortunate...
Follow me?
Please :
This should be blueprint for all communities to collaborate and work together to promote awareness and education!
Great job!
I love how Peyton is making a music videos for all the new songs but sometimes I just miss the boy who would sit in his room and record them
Been meaning to tell u.
Couldnt get a flight that landed after 5PM, I arrive  2:30PM.
I'll mill around until u get off.
lol
Celts are basically Rondo  Allen right now.
u got stuck in the bathroom
Hey MB,ThxFtF!
Check out our show at PlushMarch 22with SheilaShahpari,SuzieCue and LangenNeubacher!
Rockin' good news!
We are so thankful for your work in preserving and reviving this history.
Boom, first day of insanity workout complete!
Thanks for the hook up!
Thanks for the feedback!
Just trying out some new logos to see how they look.
Packing is hard when u dont know what exactly ur going to wear
Great day of strength and conditioning.
The guys really got after and got better today.
good news is they will have copies waiting for us at will call 90 minutes before the show.
i think i'll never live that down
Dont make me fall for you even though your not going to catch me, but now its too late, I fell  hit the floor really hard.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Sushi sounds good eh??
DECEMBER: it's raining when it should be snowing.
we're doctornking GT's when we should be doctornking
Instead of your business addoctorss, you can show your service area with Google Places.
I had to watch it......SMH
Mitchell Johnson: quot;Are You Going With Me?quot;  Huffington Post
hey these random shirts you have, do they follow the old female sizes or the new ones?
Surprised you guys can still talk after that powerhouse performance!
Back home.
I had a great time with my family!
Atari is hoping to get back into the gaming industry with updated versions of its classics for iPads, iPhones, etc.
Really?
I need a hologram of me just not giving a fuck.
Hang in there!
damn not going to sleep just watch kitties!
naw its too small its coo...fillin up 2x's over here
thanks now I'm 
Well see you have your priorities straight freshness trumps all lol Beautiful Pic :
Best thing about Summer Classes in the UNLV First Session?
Quiet ass campus!!
Second Best thing?
Easy Parking lol
In the bedoctorom, It takes a whole lotta woman to keep an Aries man satisfied.
waiting for them to tax my vag.
I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less.
Eddie Izzard
Life's such as music; it's got to be composed by ear, feeling, and impulse, not by rule.
I am in the same situation right now.
Haha i'll get up eventually.
Ship Breaker by !
Also good on audio read by
Isn't it time you step up and take control of your life?
Coach Terry
I spy and ahead of me in the cattle herding process that is SXSW badge pickup.
Lovig Jennifer Lopez Makeup Oscar Red Carpet.
i really hate websites that look like raves.
Leave the glow sticks at home, boys and girls.
Thanks for all the years of support you've given us!
We appreciate it!
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the neck the poor and the middle class.
Had fun at the party!
are you talking about that porn you made, Tosh Spice Gets Ripped because that I really wanna see.
Were you in Boy Scouts?
Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Usual pains starts from too much stress.
You might as well buy some neck pillows to make your rest comfortable : Try Czen
Bowie's in SPACE!
you gotta get up to the humpty dance
what's your question?
:
oh its not tonight?
Ops!
LMAO Okay, I got you, that just means I have more time to prepare!
Think people make a big deal bout Eli's INTs last yr Brees had 22Inconsistency?Love Kurt but Eli is a HOFplayer
hahaha yeah I'm sure that's how it happened..
Marissa, let's discuss a partnership opportunity for my client, Stetson.
Call me 3036251070.
The one where you're in a doorless helicopter, among the clouds, looking at a guy on the ground taking pictures of the sky.
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow, why, oh why can't I?
Gaaahh too much work.
After Wednesday I'll be a free bird
Check out my youtube videos!
i need new pants
That awkward moment you hear a mom tell there son to you and she starts giving good pick up lines to him to say...
Hahaha xD
Watching Billboard Awards...
The guy from Hangover II sings better than Rihanna and Brittany!!
lol well mister.
GROWN sit by me tomorrow!
If you are a BELIEBER you can bet I will follow you back!
I'm not going to sleep till dms me back!
3

would be veddy good boyfriends :
May 31 and June 1 have been scheduled as makeup days.
I suspect June 2 will be 2.
Should just give up PDay as a makeup day
Gonna go pick up my engagement ring.
Want to follow more One Direction accounts.
Anyone know any good ones?
:
well...we r all family
Time to pull out the sweaters and coats, I need a winter home somewhere where it's warm!
10FactsAboutMe 9 The day I say I Love You to a girl I'm dating, I'm probably going to marry her.
I don't plan on getting married.
had a nice run and now girls night!
Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in Cincinnati is on with the Bluegrass Breakdown now talking Reds!
Listen on 1450am or stream...
Amen, Glenn!
What can a record do?
Describe material so you can find it, then determine if you even want it.
Great my night is ruined :/
You are my sweetest mother and I breathe and live only with you and for you dear I love you very much!
Richmond League of Women Voters is sponsoring a workshop on Bill Tracking , Saturday, February 20th in Richmond, VA.
Call 2709578, x235.
Roddy White is very underrated.
What does he have to do to crack people's top 25 WR?
RT : RT : TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music..
Be there or stay square
Were both parties for you?!
impressed.
RT 2 surprise parties in a week I'vedoubledmyyearquota
Hey, whats up kinda bored Pc4pc would be kinda nice about now.
listening to me and jeehan...?
hahahahaha
Happy Valentines Day!!!
3
Ever since Thursday
: also, send me your March blogger's pick.
Newsletter is better late than never.
Oh hey there stranger!
How have you been?!
Smokin the ganga outside your job while the police is inside your job?...
Priceless
Seriously.
This is ridiculous.
To the tone deaf woman next to me.
Stop!
Please stop.
I was there briefly.
Had to head home.
I was there for you....
Member that?
a bitch trying to get there!
I freakin missed you ass nigga lol
Has anyone purchased The Ring on Blu?
Worth it?
Would u really b ok with the DMV being in charge  ur doctor Office?
That's the idea of
If you have an event and you want live music.
Put it in the budget or ask high school kids.
Musicians have to eat.
You guys are champs.
Thanks for making a challenging season fun.
Always a great listen.
Sellin doctorgs in ya school zone
What is the most important thing you can tell a child to prepare them for their future?
KRoyRN Hey lets go Wed!
I get paid tomorrow plus its half off sushi and wine at stir fry!
Can you do that?!
watching, and loving the
glad you came to CedarPoint.
Hope you had fun and come back with us next year.
Carrying around the one man production and post production studio around all the time gets old and awkward
Thanks for the comment back!
Check us out when you have a second.
Thanks
I don't text people first.
Suprisingly having a good start to monday...uhoh, there's def somethin up
College: Colo.
St.
players suspended amid police probe Three Colorado State University football players have been suspended as police in
Procrastination has diff causes: fear, boredom, perfectionism, overwhelming task  unclear goals.
Identify the reason for procrastination.
12 hours later and my paper's almost done.
Only the conclusion left to write!
FF the whipsmart T'ster , who, come Monday, will be at !
Good luck, Sarah!
We'll miss you!
dude you're fucking amazing!
missed u tonight!
DCM Live wasnt the same without u.
Hope u feel better!
:
Back to work today.
Blehhh
hey how are you?
Turning off this Mavs blowout to go watch the midnight showing off The Avengers.
College students don't use landlines because its a extra expense to hook it up.
Were generation on the go.
That song always gets me pumped!
get at me whenever u feel like it just want to say hello or cumin thru holla
what how?
.
I'm feel pretty good bro u looked like u were abouts to pass out so I think the one trippin was u!
lol
lmfao that would definitely suck
Dats a bet my g.lookin forward to networking wit u
In this case, it must have been breakfast.
It was at 8:30 this morning.
Update  utility repair guy also wearing utilikilt.
Sadly, no top hat.
I don't know.
They make up shit :/
A few Days Left....
Happy to see the pick up in the first round!
nothing.
Hows school going?
my name in some shit you saying and you want me to treat like a friend?
Seriously let's be logical.
I'll be there around 7 for some food!
FF My online Sisters love them x
humidifier?
And some white noise?
missionus.org!
Can you give me my money back?
I dont think I will ever be receiving my purchase from
You are desperate as fuuuuuuu.
I'm a bad man and u can be my bad girl any day of the week baby!
Love you!!!
Review: This is SUCH a good read, top notch New Yorker quality writing and a story that keeps evolving, keeps me guessing and smiling.
CHECK OUT MY ICE I'M SO ICEEEEEEYYYY ...MY WATCH SO BRIGHT IT'S A BREITLIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!!
MY LIFE
Keep reading scripture.
It will never fail, it will never misdirect you, it will only prosper your life and show you more about God.
Almost had a threesome last night.just needed two more people.
Oh like you fools didn't know.
Piccolo is ride or die.
your the coolest loser i know.
hahaha you watch meganheartsmakeup?
love her!
hannah can we just move to america?
haters lookin at me sideways
Creating exceptional brand experiences
Want to make your voice heard to the School Board?
Come on down to Central Services on Vliet St.
tonight!
i wonder what happen to daniel and oomf lol
Today was a great day!!
:
Pissed off like there's no tomorrow!
the world needs more people like us whiteners.
its a safer overall better place that way.
They're ranking the Boston teams 14 based on who has the most heart.
Now I remember why I never listen to sports radio.
welcome to the club!!!
Had the most perfect dinner with my love, met some of my fantastic coworkers, and now to end the night with a glass of wine 
I love for engaging me in a late night discussion on Dissociative Identity Disorder.
Thunder and lightning in the bay, a rarity.
So invigorating!
our surfing dates can be you teaching me how to surf :3
Ok now I want to have a Psych marathon.
All I need are 3 or 4 more seasons...I think
The Beatles' White Album jigsaw puzzle I just saw at Barnes and Noble seems rather sadistic.
how big is your purse?
nccetl celebrate students' work/ broadcast it
5/20  Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jim Mendoctornos
wow okay, do I hear bitter over here?
;
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
LoveYew  and ps ....
i'm ALWAYS right xo
don't have to be but generally should be.
I'm so sorry Sister.
I'm just letting you know I'm here for you no matter WHAT
Salsa Night !!
8pm Newcomer, Intermediate and Advance classes.
See you tonight!
as long as I can utter an occasional fuck on the patio, then whenever schedules it :
your crazy, lol
it is what it is
Thank you will keep u posted.
Congrats on new agent, let me no about show
Your domain, your rules.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Born Wild gorilla babies PBS
The whole world needs prayer.
Wow really ur gonna actually lift a finger and clean now that I'm moving out?
ha ha
We're always here to help, let us know if you have any other questions about the sitnstand!
Unfortunately, we are not having a virtual component this year, but will post session materials on the conference website.
why must i get disrespected everyday of my life?
and ravens are gonna challenge catch after that helmet hit........smdh :/
you're welcome!
RT : This bitch convinced me to do karaoke.
Now i'm hooked
I knew you'd dig it : we are going to start playing shows and parties in the Vegas area soon.
she is amazing!
Toughest person I know
IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!
Best pirates win of the year...yet Capps blew another save.
Just a writer's curiosity my friends, how many of you have todolists hanging around with items that you've abandoned on them?
Awe!
I'll miss your tweets SO much!
You haven't acknowledged me yet and I doubt you know I exist.
But ily!3
made some nice little pictures.
Liam fine ass on SoulFood  .
Aint it the truth,b ready 2 fight especially the women
'Feel free to insult me, but you have no right to insult our fans.'Louis Tomlinson
you have missed the Nick show
HIGH SCHOOL TENNIS: Mason adds 2 to state title haul
Success is always temporary.
When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character.
Vince Gill
nah I just shoot you in the paw
yeah right this movies weird that dudes a creeper!
do u ever plan on coming out with another album any time soon i love ur voice and ur music is very powerful
Grand Haven ArtWalk 2010.
In 7 Days 150 artists will occupy 100 venues in Grand Haven!
Be a part of it!
Check out www.ghartwalk.com
The East Coast just does NOT understand dermatology.
The director of dermatology at SloanKettering actually sees MY dermatologist in LA
love u
of course.
That's really great shot.
Still a few final touches to SleepIssues,
That's the same day as night at LeGrand.
Wanna combine?
Please make sure to pre order my new album My Time released on May 30th, 2012!
My pleasure!
Looking forward to connecting!
Glad 2 hear it!
Next time you're eating in, try 1 of our 2 local IPAs.
Have All Saints IPA, Helltown's Rapture IPA.
Both excellent
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
it's okay.
My mom and sister say they wanna do shit, Then they just sit on their ass  play on their stupid phones
Saw a new Nook out in the wild today.
It was tiny!
Well it sucks I'm going to miss the oscars tomorrow but I'm sure everyone will tell me about it
Turns out I'm 1 point more of a douchebag than you
I don't know what you are talking about ; RT : Wakeup call?
Some ppl might walk straight from the ball to the Y.
daily quote: Psychological mountain climbing may be the right phrase for what we mean by experiential education
and the essence of the night said, your doctorams remain on the windowsill ...
it has always been your choice to allow them to remain.
What's good in Indy on Friday nights?
We're sending you plenty via guys  Should be an Epic year!
People need to stop fucking with people's feelings.
considering your book Mothers and Daughters for the WI Library Assn Lit Award  tell me about your time in WI please?
Tie breaker at the Ballpark in Arlington TONIGHT!
Don't miss a minute of the game, use Bypass Lane!
just habit, no good reason, imho.
Nothing really new or timely is said there.
Clicking on the name five times and hitting reply 3 times but still being able to back out of it.
N not reply.
Cause you know you shouldn't
JM controlling.
That's cute or Wadever
Thanks man, I haven't seen you in forever, we gotta hang out.
just handed the competition over to the other teams.
Strange choice.
wait so he can be in his own secondary supplemental doctorft where he'll announce going to THE League of National Football
Thank you, , for retweeting me!
Thanks for following me !
I look forward to sharing my artwork with you!
:D
your an amazing mother I cried the whole 90 minutes with you..!
Breaking up is hard to do...
: keep your head up
When working out on nearly an empty stomach, supplement with BCAA during your workout for fuel and to spare muscle tissue.
Im dying
noted.
If I find a site, I'll let you know
The word Kay means I DON'T CARE.
Yes sir, I'm cut from a different cloth...
Jay Z...LOL!
I was given a lot at a young age, because someone believed in me.
It's how you start...makes all the difference.
Happy Hump Day!
I didn't get to watch it.
:
That was stupid.
Hello!
Yes, YOU!
I'm thinking now it must have been squirrels.
The back fence is a squirrel highway.
Heading into NYC for a big meeting.
Fingers crossed
delete this account its not good and follow me on this account alikrainey its more safer thank you
hahaha sounds delicious!
I always knew pine trees werent just good for its smell.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you.
please!
I love you so much.
Oh awesome!
Gonna have to dl that tonight.
My car is becoming a second residence.
It needs a shower and couch though.
Smile,smile for me
When U get an Ipad Ppl think U tuff, when Ppl think Ur tuff, ppl what 2 know how tuff, then U end up in a road side ditch, don't get an Ipad
how come free bro?
For iP???
Take advantage of an instant 10 off your beach cruiser order today!
DISCOUNT CODE: CRUISER10 HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!!
damn yeah I know the ending lmao mine kinda hates my guts after I started gaining feelings for this guy
Omg ovechkin how did u miss that!!!!
Done and done.
Spread the word!
Where are we shopping?
Buy me something while you're there!
sorry about your kidney stones, those can be a real pain in the ass.
Hope you get better soon!
Why do you seek the living among the dead?
He is not here, but has risen.
Luke 24:5 // Happy Easter from your friends at Ransom!
Hi Kathryn!
Sorry I wasn't able to make it up for the nitlesym Lloyd and Julian's session sounded great.
When's yours?
omg.
I got them flip phones
some friends saw it in Atlanta.
Said it was terribad :/
If taking orders from a billionaire doesn't convince you he's interested in helping just the rich, nothing will.
I mean com'n wiz you can spit that's already known...but why try and rap to a cheesy pop beat?
that's not your style and you sound awkward
Happy mothers day to all the great mommys out there :
Who are these Eagles playing today?
Lunch at BB kings followed by black history tour on beale street
Forget The Scream painting, I'll stick with Poker Playing Dogs every single time.
Literature translations require that the translator has the correct tone, style and dialect as well being excellent, elegant writers.
yeah plus sore muscles, and a bump on my back for a while
had already left the office and def don't want to staple my pants.
TIRED AS HELL!
Seeing Ashly After School, YAY!
I need to charge my phone soon.
:
love you 
We've lounged around long enough.
Time to take Beau to the
Bare legs and not even a little bit chilly at 8am.
Hi spring!
Bout to get dis workout in...
Off the strength of 's motivation...thanks foo
taco bell?
Get well soon!
Lmfaoooooo : Kaleb and Dillon are bums so Thats Just normal for us and them .
lmfaoooooooo !
Loser Loser Loser !
Thank YHWH, I'm home.
No keg.
Just sweating alcohol.
How do you model reporting on someone else's assertion without asserting it yourself?
Adding another tuple doesn't do it
submitted a request at still picture branch  nara/a2.
very helpful staff.
quiet, only 4 or 5 researchers.
I pray I can sleep on this flight.
It may actually happen because I'm exhausted.
Beer goggles are a myth.
Alcohol doesn't make ugly girls look prettier.
It just makes you not care that they are ugly.
wOh.
That is NOT what I saw coming.
So SO sad.
Can.not.wait for your album release
So much BASS!!
I hate being home alone too.
Kinda feel like a lost puppy LOL
how are you ?
And that was the first thought pop outta my head lol.
i went to bed last night thinking there's no way klinsi play jozy up top alone.
what is he thinking?
He needs a strike partner!
The mindset of the media is to make republicans feel uncomfortable seriously?
He must be joking.
You are so weird lol
Vegas is awesome!
I woulnd't want to live anywhere else
For the better?
Omg take a real long look at yourself.
Now listening to lil twist steady hatin
It's moments like this where I miss teaching political science / would be fun to hear from 18 years on this....
Excited to be worshipping with Life and Light Chapel here in Williamsport.
hell yeah!
What an ass!
Happy murdering of innocent turkeys day!!!
Always a conspiracy when you bring the car to the shop!
Mayor Hancock calls on house judiciary committee to pass civil union bill.
RT : Grey Goose and Apple Juice....Juicy im telling..lol
An hour , froyo and then a nap, the afternoon keeps getting better!
You don't deserve my tears..
I guess that's why they're not there.3
I'm blessed beyond description!
6 ppl accepted Christ tonight hallelujah our God reigns!!!
C4 has the best ppl n the world!!!
Watchin the Reds game
Interesting on front page is 2 articles about Note transactions and 1about flat investment sales for Q1.
Bitch I'm Karl Lagerfield...
I have a '09 Forester and I love it.
Unstoppable in snow, great gas mileage and ultra reliable.
'09 was first yr of new design.
I hope you know this isn't easy for me.
Just finished the 5k!
Great course and great to see so many Clemson folks out running!
I hope all Directioners get to meet 1D some day...
And hopefully my day will come sooner than later?
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station..
It's nice to see the Cubs selling Garza after he has peaked
McDonalds sound good right now wish I had the car
I got a feeling I am getting through to you.
Send me an email at .
I will help you help a woman.
Hy u what u doing.
We are producing an untenable  of new homes in USA.
Need to control the overhang, get private investors to buy and lease back
what up Kim Kim
Why is partying and having a good time bad?
My hands look super awkward in my icon pic...
Haha
when you come to Seattle Im bringin my bros sex dice we're playin
GOSH I love Corey Hart.
What a badass.
Coreeeey Hart.
Be mine!
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do  Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molière
Wow it will feel good to be back home...and play the sCrUBS
Go Tony RT : Taped an interview for AlJazeera about extraterrestrial life.
Scratch that one off the bucket list...
which one?
all i did tonight was tweet and listen to music...
productive
Last nights seminar was fantastic!
Attorney Allyson Del Vecchio gave so much crucial information to all participants.
So now some Republicans believe that if you are for equal rights for gays, you must be gay yourself?
WTF?
Talk about ignorance  prejudice!
RT : I squat.
Not because it gives me a badass thighs and ass.
Nope.
I squat so I can pee without a helper when I'm 90.
Im going to celebrate christmas with my extended family today, i have a feeling i am going to get a im excited
Busy busy day at the library!
Happy kids and happy dogs at PAWS to Read.
u can walk, went by other day.
But there r buses.
What's in a Keyword?
New search inspired Sound Design is up now!
We are packed with girls.
Literally we need more guys in here!
Where r u?!
anyways I'm done being creepy.
I'm just bored and looking for conversation.
XD sorry
Love the sound of crickets
I have a feeling Jagr will end up someplace else
Ah, thanks for the kind words!!
We miss you too!!
I hope is okay : be okay man!!!
he's getting so big!
Can't wait to meet him.
I'm home 2nd weekend in may.
Will you and be back then?
Guess I'm single .3
if you pay college athletes would they be inelligible for amateur events and sports?
Launching a service soon for express outdoor weddings ...
any advice?
words of wisdom?
all help is appreciated!!
:
Lost in forever 21 help me!
always a pleasure ;
Do you want me to buy you a pelican for your bday????
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Mark Twain
how u been sweetie
I mean that's what I thought and that's what my mom said but i could be wrong
you're lucky!!
Lol
I know...
time to start designing the Halloween costume?
Suggestion: da Vinci Robot Still can't believe it's October already.
We are up and ready to walk.
13 walkers at this point.
Walk for Childoctorn's Health
I hate when my phone runs slow.
IT FELT GOOD SEEING EVERYBODY AT THE STEPHENSON SPRING GAME!!!
LOL
Love the Puba verse on Skins.
My mom in Lakeview: Ooh that's a neat house.
That's a church, Mom.
Text correction: would not.
Darn thumbs and tiny touch screen.
you mean there are other ways to get around Houston other than train?
Do people doctorve cars here?
What the heck?
That's what you get for mentioning it.
Murphy's law at work.
3WordsForYou I'm the boss
Thanks for the RT!
I need all the recommendations I can get....
RT : One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on.
Don't stress the could haves, if it should have it would have.
Just because Busta Rhymes and I share a name doesn't mean he's as good of a rapper as me...
Good luck with the move.
damn, grrl.
You're on fire today.
Come and see us!
We'd love to do that for you :
Before you come to Julep or Johnnies tonight, swing by Slate bar and grill and see my man for a doctornk or two.
where u going.
that's not a good answer Corey.
What new work being performed by AlvinAiley in 5/1112 was cocommossioned by ?
Reply for a chance to win Ailey tix.
do you have the dough to ride out and move in right away though lol?
Longest 30 seconds of my life.
i thought i'd say the coffee part on your description is awesome...
: Fish Fry Protest for leaving a fish fry hungry
thanks for the app advice loving the flipboard app
Jairo is going
The polio vaccine, telegraph and a Model T wheel are all on display Which invention do u think had the most impact?
To think: If Lee Evans caught that pass, BALDC teams would have consecutively ended the seasons of 3 Boston rivals.
Aw thanks girl!
Where can I read your writing?
captainring all of the footage from last nights, Tom Hughes Memorial event.
Theres over 6 hours of video to work through.
On this anniversary of nineeleven I am looking forward, not back.
foolish people settle for less...wise people are patient.
love you beautiful.
3
I don't know why I get my hopes up when I know you'll fail me.
RT if you love music!!!
:DD
NYTM 2 spare tickets and they're going soon...
Awesome ride today by and racing!
Hope to see you wheeling it in Texas
Can i go on retreat for the rest of my life please?
MoneyTeam Good fight
For those who haven't been to church in a while.
I'm encouraging you to make sure next Easter isn't the next time you go to church.
You know what?
I'm sick of this shit.
I'm tired of trying.
The side note being that nearly any music I've discovered in the past 15 years  and still listen to  I've found on
meh, it was ok
Today, my brain is learning and thinking.
This is making me happy.
cleaning my room D: what you guys up to?
I guess I'm just that kinda person...
Thought most basic doctorpal modules were pretty standardized  not custom code  believing that may have been my first mistake.
saludos!
hope all is well!
come back again for a visit!
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning.
Becoming mostly sunny.
Patchy fog in the morning.
Highs 65 to 70 near...

Days of Summer!
Yes, let's stay in touch.
Thought about you since we taped women n jazz segment, wondered how you'd were adjusting too LA life
Time for a little magic.
I will help in any planning!
Yeah like a year ago 3
Lords of Death, I summon you!
:
hmm yeah there are a lot of adults but this place has good food!
God, im so tired
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves Carl Jung
I wish I could retweet this SO BADLY.
And , you're the best.
Can u do more imagines?!!!
Please :
Gunners are third,gunners are thirst,sorry spurs fans u r always our little brother don't.feel bad just hope chelsea gets knocked out.
finally getting back into it: miss your face!
Well, that's just the sweetest thing.
U wont find anyone hotter on twitter then !!!!!!!!!
At work another week of fun and joy
OH dear!
the most eagerly awaited tech announcement of the year turns out to be a complete let down.
Spend less on lawyers
good morning!
I was taken by the cinematography
What a Friday!
I had a day full of radio and tv interviews.
Now, I think that I will kick back a relax for a few hours...
Its Brick Outside 
Are you ready for our next gig?
Budweiser sponsered house party in B Hills!
HERE WE GO!
please can it be
RT if you get all EXCITED inside when a celebrity Replies, RT's, Favorites, DM's or Follows you :
By the way folks, 2010 does not mark a new decade but the end of the old one.
I wouldn't go to twitter jail cause I'm white duh
ACC not looking so hot this year
yeah, I think you're right.
wonder if he cast an tie breaking votes that short session before the election
Hahaha That is a totally valid reason to have crazy eyes!
Now I want one.
be nice if there could be some balance.
No one should be on the ground unnecessarily.
if the beats aren't all ready sold, id love some info on that.
Any site I can go to?
otherwise.Thanks!
The freshness of the spring air and smiles on faces after I wash down a home makes spring cleaning a special time of year for me.
Nice!
What year are you?
Have you registered with beRecruited?
Its free!
Check it out www.berecruited.com/register
When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.
George Washington Carver
did you get advance tix?
TUS is sold out!
Lol the radios playing all songs the have something about the
Looking forward to sharing the impact and value of school libraries with you tomorrow
Camille on RHBV is hard to watch
MyCSU is getting ready for fall with some great videos!
If you have video suggestions send us a direct message or email
Why would anyone complain about marching band noise?
That's the sound of fun!
sounds fun!
lol.
good times for me are MondaysFriday after 4pm pst.
I go to sleep around 10am pst.
X lol
People are demonstrating outside BankofAmerica branches across the U.S.
Happy National Teacher Day!
Thank you for inspiring us.
Congrats on the new family member cute!
Please contact us if you're interested in our free delivery service for your pup's food!
Christ is Risen!
Happy Easter!
Wow I wish I could go back to sleep.
Tonight's Pig Roast visits Southeast Asia, see you at 7pm, 1st come 1st serve
I love Mama D's  dinner in Newport.
2 innings in, 5 tenders deep.
Spotted Cow and Rolling Rock in the fridge.
Gotta be honest, I freaking love Miller Park.
Today I am remembering Matt Nagel, who died too young at age 35.
Praying for his wife, daughter, and extended family and friends.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.
Francois de La...
ok lol I could care less about you or andoctora at this point so keep on lying fake bitch
Now, very little moderate Dems in Dem party, enough ConservaDem politicians have replaced them in certain states, and zero modoctorpubs.
Just because you understand, doesn't mean everybody else does.
Yes!!!
I want to come too!
zero marketability?
He has the largest paying Adidas endorsement that doesn't belong to a soccer player.
I was wondering the same thing...
I'm guessing it should be done by Friday when the next challenge comes out?
joins me at the talkin' table to talk about Google.
She's on the cutting edge!
And ONLY on CBS19
why do you Hunter so much?
Support my big sister in all her endavors
Will you still be in Miami in August?!?
Follow  follow her go go
those tilted ears blah!
I'll just keep asking 8 hundoctord million times until you admit mistake or choose to lie.
It's a perfectly reasonable question.
Cluck.
LatinoFest in Patterson Park this weekend.
5 adults, kids 12 under free.
www.latinofest.org
Is it against the law for a yogurt place to have the sound on for the movies they're always playing?
RT Your wealth is directly correlated to your health..
Be Strong To Live Long!
Exercise And Diet is Key!
I think I'm in love ;
Just remembered that was the first person I called when I found out I got into IU.
Happy birthday!!
Hope it's fabulous!
:
Congrats Amanda!!
We like to think we knew you when...
RT : say hello to 's newest Manhattan intern :
We want to be somewhere where we can witness the Aurora Borealis as a band and write a groovy jam during the experience.
damn, sounds like a solid weekend.
who was your favorite?
: I thank God for you Kandi!
awww bro, thank God for u too man!
Dude!
Some of it sounds like the stuff we used to laugh at!
So ridiculous.
Ah the sounds of thunder rolling through the mountains...
Love it!!!
that's awesome!
Im eating my way across somerville
walked to my moms to see my brothers and these niggas say what are you doing here!?
when they walk in.
LITTLE FUCKERS!
Headed to a LAX game  proud Dad of a Varsity starting attackman.
Imagine if Rose wasn't rusty!!
Food production is another invisibility problem.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
hi my FAVORITE cousin can't wait to see u in Vegas!!!
Last day of recording today.
We're really excited to show this to you guys!
Happy Anniversary, y'all!
big squeezy hugs
RT : 8 mile long run this evening.
Rock n sole 1/2, here I come!
Way to go!
I woke up and found myself in SF!
You can email a PDF to your kindle or you can plug it into the mac and transfer the file.
In the final stages of purchasing a Nissan Altima.
Should I do it?
Anyone have opinions about these cars?
HA!
That gave me a great Morning laugh Thanks 3
sure, go for it
lost my keys, which are attached to my ID, giftcards, and credit card
Teacher: your son has detention.
Mom: why?
Teacher: he stood up at lunch and threw a sandwhich at another student yelling YOLO..
Mom: 
the best trip of my life bro!!!
I have so many sick pics coming your way soon!!!
You Da MAN!!
Thanks for the follow !
Looking forward to exchanging ideas!
Installing iPhone and Andoctorid SDK's for use with AppCelerator Titanium...
I'll let ya know how it turns out!
as long as Duke Silver makes an appearance
If you loose power, you can listen to channel 3 on 1210 am radio!
Near KOP, sideways rain, severe gusts, lost power a bit, lost our arbor
Have you ever had Dowdy Electric service your home?
We would love to hear your stories!
My head hurts!
So, I need some medicine!
Mommmmmmmaaaa!!!
There's a reason for everything I do.
IowaCaucusDay!
Watching these polls change over the past few months has been insightful indeed....curious to see how this pans out
My mama tryna get mad cause ion know what Ant Farm is.
always a tough one to swallow admitting that u are that friend...lol
excited to skype with you this morning at KW madison east
Am thinking on it.
An old friend just asked me the same thing.
I'll keep you posted.
This mane is not studying me.
says not to blow your tax return on extravagances...
put it in your 401K or reinvest in your business.
A much more heated debate this morning, as compared with last night.
Everyone on their Agame.
everyone thinks they're creative
Paul heyman is back!!!
Gotta love
i missed everyone : thank you!
In the training on web2.0 it is important to look at the tools
Doctors' office scales are like TV.
They both add ten pounds.
i I saw your post on the enterprise use of Pinterest this morning  does a company need to use gentlemint too?
Save a horse, Ride a UNICORN
Back at putting together ' Lexicon pamphlets.
Very happy to have these to hand out all over Baltimore.
He gets a pass for the first game but he was the worst player on the team this series but that stupid DPOY covers them all SMH
I have laundoctor and cleaning to do!
AH talk to yall later :
Thirtyfive is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart  Caryn Leschen
S/O to my new followers 3
When do you put on thebelt?
So where do unicorns fit in?
Absolutely nowhere thats why its a unicorn.
Change your life, just might change her mind..
Now if only the Nets had that other necessary ingredient.
You know, talent.
Gr8 day in Sac, getting ready 4 in this weekend Only 30 followers to our next free Ice Cream Giveaway.
RT  win
Thank you to everyone who participated in AIDSWalk12 yesterday!
Another amazing event in the books!
We'll share one of your tracks on our FB and check out the feedback..
Which do you prefer
A huge shout out to the fabulous ladies attending the WPO Annual Conference in Atlanta, sharing their biz experiences!
Hey girl.
I see you holding those fries but I'd like to see your shake
Sorry for that everyone had to test out something I'm working on 
Craziest mo fo i know
14 six packs all day long.
Big Bottles 22oz bottles double bastard tweason and old school
That awkward moment when your joking around with someone and then they decide to go all serious on you.
Dear NHL GMs, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make some kind of big trade!!!
signed, an unhappy fan
My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel.John Lennon
i love my job.
Alewife is up by 70!
Obviously they don't party on Memorial Day!
Take two advil Monday morning and vote from your computer and phone.
What's your favorite hiphop album right now?
I'm always looking for new music
because you know who all of my possible love interests are and IT'S PATHETIC
lol it was DELICIOUS.
The person I made it for got a headache so I couldnt find her.
I ended up eating it
Dear Houston doctorvers.
If your next move will affect the speed and velosity of another vehicle.....
don't effing do it...
Im about to download it...
You know The Weekend has to be part of my Sex Mix playlist on my IPOD!
Haha
nice to meet you too
Enjoying wait for
I just spent an hour in discovering how little I understand business databases.
That is the cutest thing!
count me in.
Visiting the University of Puerto Rico Botanical Garden today!
Orchids and Bromeliads galore!
RT: : Tomorrow: President heads to South Korea for a nuclear security summit  and a visit to the DMZ
Dude!
Placing cinnamon in my mocha is mandatory going forward
Denver Colorado June is coming up and the chance to join in enlightenment in sacred geometry with angels is here!
Raise ur
There's more people that want it than people that have it.
all alone at the yellow table wah wah
Good to see you around here, Travis!
Spent a great NYE at Beck.
All the meat eaters loved it.
Wish there was more veggie food as I left hungry.
RT if you're super excited for the Simpsons this Sunday 7pm.
On fox29
Happy Valentine's Day Tweeters!
AB481, which hurts potential new HS voters, will be taken up next Tuesday.
Is it Friday already?
Time flies when you're happy and busy.
Hey a dancing party!!
Worrying about the AZ Legislature's next move.
Chapter Three begins!
www.rocketrobinson.com
President Barron's response today makes it clear why he shouldn't be President at FSU.
It's all about him.
Noles 
: Me: I'm over my crush Crush: hey Me: Nevermind
IF YOU FOLLOW  I will give you a SHOUTOUT!
When I'm tired, you cannot get me to function lol.
SinCity Dubai Friday Ladies free all night
I must have just missed you!
RT : FUN FACT: Sunday's OriolesRed Sox game was first since 1925 in which both clubs used a position player on the mound ...
Why is there even such a concept of an attosecond?
What is the value of quantifying such insignificant time periods?
Tnx to and for nice thoughts on story.
Pleasure was all mine.
Hard to believe I could love a show more than but The Layover is winning me over.
Worth the wait.
Any of our followers on twitter doing our contest on Facebook?
I am sorry I forgot to wave to you.
I will try to remember that for the game next week!
Honestly a little surprised in how few of people I follow are taking about gay marriage.
Come on guys, this is big!!!!
Just used my Rapid Rewards to buy a free ticket to Boston to attend
You stated yourself the entities are separate because of conflicting religious beliefs.
That is what is silly.
Humans are human.
lol i don't know.
But Its a good question.
Lol
Haha, happened with both of my kids.
Names were known but not mainstream until a few years after they were born
you're dead!
The Mayor of Chula Vista, Cheryl Cox, is encouraging folks to put up signs  voting for Jessica TONIGHT!
poor baby
Austin said you can make happen what you doctoram, then that means i can make myself meet him because i had a doctoram about meeting him 3
robogames you say?
Wow.
The Dalai Lama is on facebook.
hahahahaha what's up Ms.
It keeps switching back and forth...increasing the level of thirst all over twitterland LMAO
Now NJ w/ KarenArmstrong MichaelWolfe AlexKronemer dinner done  sneak peak of showing IslamicArt Mirror of InvisibleWorld
Did you ever cheer on the VG Blue Devils on a Friday night?
; I sure did.
What's up?
I can't wait to read it!
na, it only means that the right girl hasn't come along yet.
I used to be in the same boat fam, but believe me, she'll come!
To err is human.
To forgive is bovine.
hindujoke?
people decided to throw trash and other stuff in it
With Junk Food Comes
The Macho Man was always my dads favorite character, me and my lil bro would set up a make shift ring while he read the NY Times, LOL
No, Adele.
Run.
Run far away.
poor timing !!!!!
An injustice did u say this in 2010?
or now after the RIP Steve Jobs?
what an injustice
Merp Gita keep the keep sakes!!!
It's awesome.
Huge improvement
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Eleanor Roosevelt
33 more minutes of ignoring every word that comes out of my professorssor's mouth til I'm done for the day!
that's like letting Biden handle the red button in the white house.
Hey , how's the manday challenge going?
It's futbol day.
Shouts to the bros who made the trip up this morning so we could play.
Let's get it done.
DearObama, you're really cool  liberal  we love you here in LA, but can you please stop coming to visit?
Thanks, Leandoctor
Princeton Congrats i heard you won your puppy.
im glad you deserved to win.
tell your little cutie i said hi :
Yup, close for us too, of course.
At Magic Mtn.
Today 4 a friends Bday.
Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets.
Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
Love Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up: Because that creepy mustache you grew that one time still haunts my doctorams Add your story ly/mQ7TVg
indeed.
The undead must rise.
omg that was so fucking funny im dying.
otgmfdizol mvnzndjhf
don't black ball me like fantasy focus did on the email today or Ill have you sayn Queensbridge Queensbridge!
CAN YOU TEACH ME HOW TO DOUGIE????
lol ;
no just your fine!
I will be on Skype tonight if I stay in Lubbock, Ill tweet you and let you know!
I want to heat about Tokyo!
I'll see what I can do : I have no camera is the only problem.
We'll see ;
Oh my god!
Go on youtube and watch beatbox cuz i think thats the hottest thing ever other then he so hott to
WTF Wednesday at Davenport downtown San Antonio!
NO COVER 2 doctornks All Night!
2 rooms 3 djs!
I like big news.
Im here!
MT : Our team is with  Carnegie Mellon Heinz College to work on crowdsourcing, prizes  challenges
20 years old and im still getting prank calls lmao
Both.
Both is good.
She's stupid!
Lol
'Tis a sad day indeed.
My iPhone 4S screen is in pieces :
That exstreamly sad moment when the boy who is in live with ur sis new ur friend dat died its crazy how the world works every1 is connected
eating soup xD
quoteoftheday A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient.
Just what I needed.
we are!
I was checking out your shirts yesterday.
I really dig them!
Super funny.
and please follow me austin and see this picture pic.twitter.com/Y6gx4pd 3
love this idea!
Cape Shok, Trash Talk.
Miss u Pauly.
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Chew gum loudly at the movies.
Spit it out or Ill punch you out.
:
Hey!
March 18th were playing at the landis theatre in jersey please come out tickets are 12 bucks!
RGB Growlers!!!
So brilliant, can't wait to see them.
add me cuzn i couldnt find u on there
RT : The first of our SF Green Film Fest reviews is on a movie that doctorws surprising connections between your cell......
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Scott Adams
Get this day going!
WhyDoiAlways have songs I don't ever listen to stuck in my head?
As Memorial Day approaches, it is time to remember and honor those who have served our country with honor and dignity.
hey i'm here notice me k
u take me 4 a ride in the car.
i hide puke under the seat.
It feels good to have Real friends.
:
he's coming on at 1:30
1 PBRs at BBC tonight.
Stop by after 9pm and enter to win...a Pabst refrigerator!
Into the idea that Nina Totenburg is into The Knickerbockers/Nuggets.
That last tweet was !!!
Not me!!!
I see that you're traveling.
Any hint to where you're headed?
TPC maybe?
Stay up, stay strong bro.
Peace.
can we plant one?
Thx.
Now following  great contributions to a terrific panel!
I hate talking to people on the phone.
I shall forever praise the guy who invented text
to whom it may concern: good love will find you someday.
but if you keep on looking for it, it will only keep you waiting.
3
Did you know that sleeping too much is just as dangerous as sleeping too little?
Big thanks to happy Wednesday
Prepping for 's Energy Performance Seminar today.
Cant wait to hear from Mark Jewell, Pres.
of Energy Efficiency Funding Group Inc!
Tks 4 the RTs fabulous , righteous and my weloveLA friend
Very true!
And that's what I am doing now, but I don't think that's what they intended when they put them there.
i got glasses!
yayyy 
Welcome, Walt and Nicole!
:
don't worry....
I haven't read it either.
Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever.
Redis is ridiculous, there's guide to install but no guide to uninstall.
Ladies 2012 is the year the GOP says you're going to step back,well I say you're a hell of a lot smarter than us so step forward.
Said 'someone' is presumably not the mother's significant other.
let me tell you something, your videos are absolutely AMAZAYN.
They're the most perfect things i've ever seen.
Thank you3
the sun set too soon that night.
I believed you.
It was stupid of me to trust you.
But I did.
Now Im in tears
that's cool we might go there for Jennifers 30th birthday.
Can't wait.
She still sais she's 22 LOL
NEVER call someone ugly.
Doesnt matter if theyre a boy or a girl.
Everyone is attractive to someones eyes.
What is ugly is your heart.
It's more or less official: any game with sand in it looks like Borderlands.
you like switchfoot right?!?!?
good night twitter
Playing with wordpress themes in an attempt to make jennamur.com a little more dynamic.
Happy to be out of the scary world of MySQL
How 'CHURCHILL'S ISLAND' rallied behind it's leader via
When did it become normal to start the workday by deleting Portuguese and Chinese spam?
Anyone ever made a pesto with Thai basil?
Does it have that unique Thai basil taste?
We've got a bumper crop  want to be sure to use it!
home team always on da Grind
At the end of this project, I will have processed for 4 years 1/2
About to do some yoga!
Cant wait for the new single to hit the charts!!!
Trust me, this thing is god.
You'll be Falling for it!!!
The judge has just sentenced Barry Bonds to two years probation, 30 days home confinement and 250 hours of community service.
Happy birthday to my best friend and the most wonderful, beautiful person I know
imthatpersonwho can take a joke and not get mad!
is it insomnia, or something else?
I thought insomnia was an ongoing condition....
I love you Idc what you or anyone else says your the hottest Kardashian
Fatal Attraction was the 1 movie this day in 1987.
Glenn Close scared the hell out of me.
She gave me nightmares.
working on digitcation portfolio.
is there a way to create an RSS feed?
ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You don't suck, unless you've bitten someone  in that case you totally do.
Paragliding in Mendoza  a success!!!
Aside from a quick bout with motion sickness
If you don't own Solid Ice by Jimmy Thackery get it.
Guitar Instrumental par exellance'
will do just about anything for a free tshirt
More often it's actually KISJ
3 Brewers starting in the AllStar game, hopefully Braun heals quickly.
I'm in love with your professorle picture.
I'm gonna FaceTime you in a few...be prepared!
Now lets see, how do i gain new followers?....
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 100,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path  Sufi poet Hafik
I made a gifboom lol you should make one :
60 Bro, I'm convinced that it's not easy to make it to Hell, you have to fight the Love of God the whole way there...
I agree with Joe!
RT : Would Haylz Yes!
be too strong a sentiment?
lol I'm walking out the door
Wishing all of our friends a very Happy New Year!
We will be open from noon5 today.
Follow and with every new follower until March 21, I will donate 50 cents to plz RT
It is better to think too much, than to think too little
doctorPepper's new slogan for doctorPepper 10 is not for women.
Are you keeeeedding me?!?
I'd love to send a copy to the shul library.
Thanks very much.
Interesting the number of middle school absences the morning after the midnight premiere of the Hunger Games.
it's still not worth it!
don't subject yourself to such awful filmmaking!
I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day.
RT : No one can utter this table.
Hi Brian!
Came back early from motorcycledaytrip to be here tonight.
any plans for the weekend?
The John Bobek Music page on FB has passed 1000!
Go to the page, click the Like button at the top, and have a listen!
www.johnbobek.com
RickyHoybach thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
how the hell does that work??
I gotta keep up with the GForce fan page.
And I'm an addict.
That's what brought me back
Occupy Austin turned away assistance from the Rainbow Family in feeding the occupiers what an insult.
Life is like a dog sled team.
If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
Lewis Grizzard
Milwaukee Avoid Tonic Tavern tonight if you want have even a decent night.
Selfservice, partner and public APIs are key to stay competitive in today's economy
My imaginary friend keeps staring at me.
Fcking weirdo.
Tried so hard to avoid getting sick this week, and it just didn't work.
Ugh, hot tea and sleep for me.
:/
Well, since I'm up early I might as well do homework or something productive :PP
Oh don't hate me I am just an artist, if you reacted to that tweet then I have done my job....
libtard.
I'm doing great, thx for asking.
How've you been?
Haven't seen you since that Health event a few months back.
Ah, spring in Granite City39;s Wilson Park
It is about time , and long over due!
Miami its time to wake up to SocialGood.
cc.
Our show at BVC is only two days away!
We are beyond stoked!
I only have a few hours until prom and I'm already pissed tf off
ANIMAL CONTROL IS COMING OUT HOPE BEFORE 6 I HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
Relationship Advice for Healing the Pain of Divorce
Nope, Mace Windu.
You convinced me to move on it.
They must not have a life!
:P
I have school all day then work after :/
UPDATE: Megan Fox's second pregnancy has already been greenlit.
Deleting every fucking social network!
Wondering if I made the right decision or not...
Im real bitch im young but my old bitch
how r u
How about keeping tuition from going up to 22K?
UCLA pride comes in many forms.
Your support is encourageable!!!!!
1000 hits today  they keep coming!
:
I.
Hate.
Snow.
it's going to be a gravy train with biscuit wheels.
The average supporter is going to wait until the crisis is at level 10 to share information on social
CLIPPERS WIN!!!
Get ready Spurs we're hungry...
What is your favorite characteristic of Israel's founding father BenGurion?
Aaahh now I understand such great knowledge.
And I was thinking u were just that smart lol.
On flt 2 Holly Springs, NC, who thought making people laugh meant getting up at 5am
ah, I assumed there was an article to go with it, giving it context.
That's not just a reference chart to support other stuff?
oh lord forgive you.
Dirty girl
Check out our hottest addition Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 510: VALSAMPA / Brand name: Canção Wines, Quinta do Rio Grande wines Heart of palm Copagro
I am sure he's too tired to handle ur big screen
dude like legit answer ur phone
Well played!
wing plans?
I hope not!
Here We Go Tincaps after work for dollar beer night.
Who else is goin??
I see it was an interesting day in AZ land today speaking of which!
why would you EVER do that??
We all know you're fair skinned...
ThatOnePersonWho always ask you to chill but never pull through on the plans
Finally gonna be done for today in 30 minutes.
super thank you!
and can't wait to meet!
so u need a tannin n shoppin partner?
When friends talk about how long their friends take a poop  bahaha hilarious 
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Einstein
Good Morning.
Have a wonderful Tuesday.
Change is not just one aspect of the game, it is the game.
Lou Gerstner, IBM
: dear Jane: you have all this time to tweet but none to change your name...
mistercowan :/ LIKE!
because menses uses up too many characters?
thank you!
coincidentally, thought you might have somehow made an appearance in the movie.
Oh no..
not even close.
:
New south park 
and apparently Vandy is the only team on the floor that can commit offensive fouls.
LOTs of calls going Bucky's way...
IF YOU HAVE HATERS, THEN YOURE DOING SOMETHING RIGHT !!!
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE, HAPP MONDAY !!!!
:
u got an I for HOT chicks that's for sure.
Funny that the hottest ones look like YOU!!
Pluralitas non ponenda est sine necessitate
thanks for the save!
:D
And thanks for the RT!
Hope you've got a terrific weekend planned!
Lookin forward 2 sharing in song along w/2 gr8t friends  250 beautiful women at the Hopewell Baptist Mother/Daughter Brunch.
Did you expect anything less from stupid Walmart?
Following was probably...wait, no...DEFINITELY the best thing I did today.
Thank you babe..for being AWESOME!
: : :
They wouldn't let the Delirious Eddie Murphy host the Academy Awards, but the doctor Doolittle Eddie Murphy?
Absolutely.
Happy Mother's Day!
If that one doesn't work out I will be job hunting like crazy just before we move.
Idk why I come to this class, I don't pay any attention
Thank you, A BUNCH :D
is chewing gum?
Another Sunday by the pool.
Absolutely picture perfect day.
Not a cloud in the sky.
Sometimes you get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness, sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.
Heading to Bdubs to support our little ones in JBQ.
see you there!
haiyo, later tuition.
i lazy want go..
Step a little closer to the bed, Red...
Check out Wheezy Waiter on youtube while you're at it!
Can't wait till return.
Free throws becoming critical now..
only because they're not you
Finally over 100 followers opens champagne bottle
Do you need to doctorft or enforce a contract?
We can help you obtain the benefit of your bargains.
Call us  619.338.9500
I could punch in the face right now for that.......
hell yea then new jack city then follow up with the dynamic duo again with money train!
Important bit of news!
MT : free cone day at Ben  Jerry's.
Is it stupid that I sometimes take iPhone photos of pertinent email information on a computer screen so I don't have to look through emails?
An act of God was defined as something which no reasonable man could have expected..
A.
P.
Herbert
Check out our award winning web page located at www.msalonaz.com We look forward to seeing you soon!
Tumaini Publishing Inspiring  Encouraging the Soul
Int!
Clay Matthews!
Come on now offense!
You just know it's gonna turn out to be the thwarted Fort Dix attack cell behind the Fort Hood attack.
You just KNOW it.
i only doctornk skim already.
awesome
I'm about to lose my mind.
You've been gone for so long.
that's the spirit!!
wow haha I haven't seen that show in a whilee
can't wait to see tonight at !!!
Not a bot!
Proud to be your 1,000th.
But there aren't any pictures of brains.
Thanks for the !
Together we can make a difference to endslavery one city at a time!
:
I'm doing saltwater rinses , no need for antibiotics..
yet!
I had a feeling when I hiked on a day w/ lots of wind  dust!!
First time in the car I've been able to play and my mum didn't complain because she doesn't know the music.
Be alive, be grateful and know that happiness is an inside job.
Colette BaronReid
Workin' on that AND the next retreat.
In search of a money tree!
;
Good luck to Willie Harris, wherever he winds up.
My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding has got me seriously rethinking my previous idea of buying an RV and hitting the road.
Just accepted that one of my favorite people died this week, RIP mister Repo love you the big bad football player
It's been almost 2 wks  the accident report from my NYE 'accident' still isn't posted!
Anyone work for the city of milwaukee?
: Thanks Alex!.
Yes sir!
See you in New Orleans?!
quotes Whole Foods is dedicated to helping people be healthier and live lives with more vitality and greater sense of well being.
2012 needs to be an epic year.
Never play Fifa after being up since 2am.
May have cost Hull promotion and PSG group stage in Champs Leag.
Didn't risk
Added a new person to my mobile tweets list.
Everyone welcome to the party!
Woo
H'way sites are a great way to lure the public w/ the 'great man' story then present the social hist context that matters.
Small thing I am thankful for: No toll on the Roosevelt Island Bridge!
I need more followers.
I have 14.
That's embarrassing.
: Why won't people follow me?
Be sure to check out my website where all of my handmade soaps, body butters, sugar cube scrubs, and lip balms are available for purchase!
Oh dear Lord, Austin.
Please don't turn int a quote account
I was secretly hoping u was lol
We were required to turn off our phones, and we weren't allowed to take photos/videos.
I did get a ring appraised, though.
iIs fucked up that your insurance company dont want you to see a specialist.
Seems like they would rather you die.
This school is so cold.
my STRING came out of my NIKE SHORTS, now I can't put it back in, well good thing for my LONG SHIRT....
lol
Let's see how many followers we can get from NewYork and Boston.
It's a Siam Square Super Bowl.
Who will win?
Game on!
Love actually is all around us.Love Actually.
we'll be posting it soon :
waking up 5 minutes after you normally leave for work  not a good way to start my day.
Really looking forward to the...
really looking forward to tonight's 1rst table read of Bad Seeds...
When your friends fall asleep on you 
just sent you a dm w/ contact info!
thx again angel!
we will be seeing you soon for JBR, December 10th!
they actually worked better for me together than they did in the individual movies.
it really isn't for me but I'd doctornk it with you
The only person in this life that can make you happy is you.
Everyone else is just there for support in one way or the other.
you can do it!
X
Elizabeth Edwards requiescat in pace
BITCH..CALL ME BACK..NOW!
U GOT A PHONE NOW..SO USE IT....lol forreal call me
I'm broke.
I just started working four days ago and don't get paid till the 11th.
So nope.
let's do it!
I'll email you to coordinate details.
So cool!!!
Congrats!!
This gonna be your postschool gig?
Or more parttime?
aiiye , get your girl 2 more followers?
i didnt know there was a difference between cosby and the cosby show
RSVP: Our Stories Films
QWrap Kevin  4 work days left and NuggetHead Studioz is a fullfledged bonified fulltime custom learning solutions company!
In my house
Next point scored will break alltime Rose Bowl scoring record.
They just tied it, 80 combined points.
This is a great question.
RT : Didn't I used to be on Mad Men?
wow!
Love you too Ash sorry I don't tweet about roaches and mosquitos
Headin' to Vegas on the 24th.
Hope to strike a deal and set up our vegas rental depot while we're there.
www.prosetsgolf.com
It's a soggy night in Philly:
I'm getting old :
RT : The resources of nature belong to all of us, yet a handful of people/corp.s have control over them.
We must change this,  soon!
Prop8 opinion interestingly limited to whether state can take away existing marriage right, doesn't say whether state can deny in 1st place
oh man, that's awesome
Post SOTU analysis on with , Eliot Spitzer and  That's entertainment!
hey wcmia, thanks for great feedback on my responsive web design presentation today.
Will be posting slides this afternoon
How about a 100 gift cert for a big juicy steak at 'The Met'?
Oh yeah!
Thank you for the gracious donation raffle!
Cigarette smoke contains over 4,000 chemicals including 43 known cancer causing compounds  400 other toxins
Bored , tweet me please.
hey !!
I like the pumps, yes I am :
It's oddly reassuring to see that as big and important as NYC is, there is still shitty art shows.
It's such a joy being a Cubs fan.
What a joke.
Pepper spray needs to be illegal so I can enjoy peaceful walks late at night.
Thanks for following!
for more news about bankruptcy, foreclosure, finance  like Lakelaw on facebook: www.tinyurl/lakelaw
um love47 is a good summer score, not a tennis score.
Goal for next year: Humbition.
I love Italian in the North End.
This 60 Minutes piece is outstanding
I still dance at Broadway Dance Center in NYC and I'm going to restart my singing lessons soon :
Thanks so much for the RT!
We should work together on something sometime...
You're excited about this too right?
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
followMONDAY 3
Thanks Margo, had a ball.
RT : Got FAFSA questions?
Now's your chance to ask us.
Tweet your questions today w/ AskFAFSA for Office Hours on 1/26  4:30pm EST
RT : International Incident :/
This flaws i've got,they're part of who i am,take me or not....
I WON'T CAMOURFLAGE FOR LOVE...
heh.
But htere might be collateral damage
The Creedence bit at the end was great.
I also liked the huge empty container of Twizzlers across from !
Grew up an MU fan, went to MU, lived six years in Lansing, married to a Spartan.
What can I say?
i have no idea how to use radicals
North Korea refuses to halt launch plan
A5: Be openminded/think outside the box and remember this could lead to longterm support, donations, etc.
Currently writing my cover letter for my ASM interview in a week!!!
New Year, new esl potential!
What do you hope to learn this new year?
is in San Antonio!
What to do?
So cold!
Susan Bennett: 1896 US Presidential election was birth of modern campaigning and money in politics
way to go, you ruined everything...lol
We do not know God by thinking, but by encountering.
St.
John of the Cross
i love your crazy ass too!
IIdiot?
Man Thomas is standing on his head making saves tonight!
Come on Canucks!
Ya gotta figure him out.
Kevin Durant deserved MVP, but Lebron only got it cuz the media be riding his !
Love Me Or Hate Me.
But Guess What?
Bitch You'll Never Break Me!.
Hello TwitterVerse!
Happy FF!
I plan on catching up with all new follows  today :D ..Cheers!
We are shocked to learn that human trafficking is the 3rd largest fastest growing criminal industry in the world
Glad you loved our PSA!
Can't I just eat sweets all day, every day?
I believe most Christians love God, but I don't believe most enjoy Him.
Ron Moore Wow...
And Betemit 2.
Every hit Rangers Lewis has Allowed was a HR
You know what's annoying?
When fans of a shitty team who aren't following you tweet stupid comments to you.
Not worth my time.
: Repost this tweet  fill in the blank for a chance to win: Id wear these FreeShoeFriday wedges to the mall.
Congrats to Curtis Blessing!
He's the winner of 2nd Row Seats to Saturday's Stevie Nicks Concert at Jiffy Lube Live!
Watching the Grammys but I don't know what I'm going to do at 9 when DesperateHousewives comes on.
:
TXT US: Send us your question via SMS, to 4896208.
why did Alicia go home ugh she was my favorite
was there yesterday.
such fun!
doing an unplugged rehearsal tonight which will be fun.
Happy Birthday, Cortney!!
Have a great day!!!
I'm surprised she didn't just buy you a new lawn mower ;
is it just the cost of an Indians ticket?
I'm waiting until the day you grow up.
whats bad with Romney that choose Perry for president ?
Yea I thought about Kang's.
11 would be fine.
10 would be pushin it.
Saw this last night and meant to write  well done!
I've seen that book  it's a real puzzler!
I'm glad they're digging in!
To our students, I want the EVMS diploma to be even more valuable in the future than it is today.
Just met and I'm already looking forward to your denouement.
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a WalMart but only 4 registers will be open
I'm Der I see you
Do homework?
Or take a nap?
I think the idea is they are more appealing to riders than tradit.
buslines are...
if we don't have buy in / usage it fails
Really enjoyed our time at yesterday.
Thanks to everyone that stopped by and all your encouragement!
Normally idgaf about fashion but Gary Oldman walking Prada's 2012 Men's wear line in Milan was effing brilliant.
Work it!
keep a look out for my new artist,YUNG LAZE AKA LIL FADE DOGG::17 n wrecks like a vet...slap YO SELF hoe!
Hard to believe this is my first real tournament since Borgata 2009 title.
Great to be at Jax WPT for Event 1 !!!
www.jaxpokerroom.com
Related to Q3.
What are some of the top UX considerations for LBS?
Context?
Privacy?
Helping biz get it?
What is a system object?
i bet your excited :
Nope.
Not at all
unfortunately, im gonna have to agree with you  ;P
Headed to Osgood, IN for the REMC concert this Saturday.
Should be a fun time!
Great start to the week.
Thank you for following me:
Last time PDX saw a 70degree day?
October 18, 2011.
Bring on the weekend!!
Be more specific, this is every hour at CVG.
It was empty for me at 2 pm on a Saturday afternoon.
Enjoy Aruba!
The person that says they love you the most can be the one to hurt you the most.
After studying for the mock exam a little bit.
I'm going to go to sleep, get up a little bit earlier tomorrow morning,  study a bit more :
We are thrilled to see what does next!
congrats on Lauren Ambrose indie spirit nom!!!
Cespedes would have been a great pickup to add in the middle of the O's order and would have created the best outfield in baseball
In honor of 's National Womens Health Week partnership, follow !
Looking forward to hosting PdoctorfSEWI Ethically Speaking insurance CE in Oshkosh tomorrow.
Amazing quote, I love it!
RT : I genuinly believe that the first step toward entrepreneurship is hating your job.
Check.
scream and break out.
I never wear clothes to bed
Yes i am!
ok good.
haha Yea im most probably not going to the Concert in Atlanta now...its like 4 hours away.
and i can't
A Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering is a fouryear program, though it's common for students to opt to do it in five.
I'm shocked!!
Utterly surprised beyond anything!
The horror!
Today will be a shitty day.
Just doctornk my first coca cola in a long while.
Unsurprisingly, it's still crack corncane.
Anyone have a car they want me to lift?
Like the first 30 seconds of a good rap song.
I think everybody ought to get rich and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it is not the answer.
: watching Bruce Almighty crackin up....
Thank you, sweetheart.
I felt that from here.
:
Presented by Little Kings Cream Ale, comedian Kevin Downey Jr.
will be performing tonight at !
Doors open at 7:30 for cocktails!
we're stopping to smell the Lantana.
Happy day.
Things will probably turn out all right.
But sometimes it takes strong nerves just to watch.
RT : quot;: Loyal Dbacks fan is getting kicked out of Coors for throwing back Rockies HR ball.
RepresentAZ GoDbac ...
RT : Humorless feminist  a woman who doesn't laugh when you say something that's not funny.
Now we have to hear about Emily's baggage.
Ugh.
At least her hair color is changed
happy bday handsomee hope you had a lovely day hun
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is Life : x
See you guys at 7:30 in front of Lau!
so how is he an animal?
lol
thank you3:
In remember the last NYG/49er playoff game in 227.
That's when I realized how hardcore you were!
Good luck today sort of.
May Whitney rest in peace, and my condolences for her family  friends!
A writer is someone who can make a riddle out of an answer.
Karl Kraus
Apparently, Danny R.
is no bestie of mine.
:
Oh yeah, and have a lot of fun exploring.
Things cloud sync working well so far thanks for the beta invite!
Mark, thanks for the RT on my son in the navy!!!
Cool a day off today and once again didn't really sleep in...time for coffee then a little downtown afternoon boozin?!
With Andy Cohen at the Castro
darlin yes I'm but we have sold out the lussekatter more tomorrow but if u still want a coffee come by darling 28th park Ave
MISS YOU BUDDY!3
Calling all Bartenders  Cocktail Servers!
Attend our casting call tomorrow 11:00AM1:00PM and help Roger open up the new Parlour in June!
Revisiting 9/11 I wonder how it is possible for the internal hatesmanship that seems to now flourish between us to have take root again?
OH: I want to take a cab from ORD to Columubus, OH
Enjoy it thru the 97 commercials!
I'd be that happy if i looked like that in a white doctorss.
okc....
Any damn body except for them damn Lakers
use a damn phone people!
Also: group mms, it exists!!!!
both of us are obv working tonight.
Stop in and see the new shirts.
Spoiler, they're not orange.
Still got this runny nose going...
SteveO!
Just left the MU Rec center
I feel like I was kicked in the gut.
What an awful way to end a great season.
Ugh.
Go follow
hmm I'm pretty sure all signs point to lauderdale was playing when i touched jer
Thanks much for the follow; we appreciate it!
I don't understand the big hoopla about Michelle Obama since she isn't the first, First Lady to have influence Nancy Reagan did.
Gotta run.
will keep her in my prayers
is packedd!
Not bad for its first night back.
Hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday season!
CS is busy busy and will be making some big moves this week!
More info to come...
According to sources flowers will be placed at Dick Clarks Hollywood Star today at 3:30 p.m.
at the corner of Sunset  Vine.
Psalm 21:13 Be exalted in your strength, LORD; we will sing and praise your might.
ugh, seriously!
passed TX State  laughed because were NationalChampions  y'all are still Bobcats
So I just saw the Mary J Blige burger king commercial...um what's the big deal?
I don't see anything racist about it....
:/
Thanks for RTs !
What's all the hype about at Lake Bluff?
Well 11 sales in just two weeks is what!
Check us out!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
Have y'all heard the song with mike epps 2chainz and future lmmfao
Nice moment for the rook
I am so proud of the 2012 class of FutureMusicMoguls  can't express how rewarding this experience has been!
Thank you!
:
I just read a tweet that said RIP Osama Bin Laden.
I'm not convinced this person knows what R.I.P.
stands for.
Beans and toast is the new taco bell.
Good for postdoctornking bout only.
Good morning all.
Thank you for your follows:
It's the packing and moving that's not so fun lol
please follow us and send us a DM with your primary domain name so we can take a look at the issue.
SW
We will be back to it on Monday at Sunset and Valley View.
Tuesday we will at Sunset and Arville.
Across from Color Graphics!
Why is the sky so big?
Don't waste your time!
Conservatives only come out at night because their arguments are F'n nuts like they are!
Sleep!
yeah I was grimacing at some of that, she rambled a little bit, but I did like her 5 benefits points.
is so handsome and talented.
saysomethin is really good.
xx
no problem: I hope I get to see you at SpringleBall , and I hope you win:
you're meant to save the world from eternal damnation.
:
Strong RedEye mind powers: spotted on the street from just the back of his head.
'll be happy.
Rough night?
no!
Red.
It is a Linkin Park kind of day
So when do the GMen take a punter?
lmao, but I thought you liked it.?
Less anguish for you if you kill everyone you admire.
: found a reservation for tonight.
But great idea.
You could spot a nnnneedle in a hay ststststack.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King Jr
Yep, following along with your tweets
Doesn't feel like a Saturday at all!
what's pop'n 2nite?
I was like, Hey!
That's Matt Johns!
I got excited.
Sorry for the crappy picture.
I took like 6 and they all sucked.
Haha
can I keep you?
:
Will do :
I'm in a sea of balding middle aged men!
yeah i know.
how are you?
I agree completely Marty
Oh these girls??
They must be supermodels!!
What are you modeling??
gloves??
SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Same Old Song 
LessAmbitiousFilms Half Plastic Vest
12NTC starts today!
I have no idea what I'm in for :
It's been very special for us...hope yours was wonderful too.
I haven't payed for a video game in so long
thanks!
I did it!
Packed class: had my mess ups but got right through it!!
completely correct.
Doesnt change that u get 4 yrs out of ur studs rather than 1  done which has made todays mens gm weak
Thanks for the retweets!
Hey everybody there plzzzz follow me cause I need people for next year when I do xfactor so help a friend out.
:
Riding in a PT Cruiser owned by This experience has changed my life....
: 
RT : Voldemophobia: The fear of having no nose.
he needs to get singed like asap!
his voice is AMAZING!
and i loved it when he sang pray :' that songs amazing
Have heard frm friend in DC that ppl seriously injured by roof avalanches.
If, and when, we go back out, beware of this danger.
No not yet.
Roof is gone at the elementary school in Forney.
They were sheltering in place.
On way now.
make the pitcher and hitter a team.
You get 20 pitches to hit as many as u can, no takes.
Scott Walker, who has raised 66 of funds from outofstate, says he rejects the special interests.
Sure dude.
Happy FF to some of my favorite local pubs:
didn't get to chapter 19 in To kill a mocking bird.
only Chap.
17.
EPIC FAIL
do any of these let you bring your dog??
That would be the best coworking space!
you already know 
Ahaha, no, it's really ohkay.
Thanks though.
s/o for being my best friend
woah, represent!
So I kept getting logged out in the middle of my application without any warning.
That was really frustrating.
stupid thats what i said ight fuu get at me im sitting in front of you lets go broo.!!
like who lol
Remember the christening gift I finally decided on for Sun?
Post office lost it.
Says they delivered it Sat but surprise nothing at office
Archer FX rocks love archer...
haha yes!
how are you?
Getting ready to go have lunch.
This weather is nice.
Weekends go by so fast
Because its a fantastic record, that's why.
;
I need to say my morning prayer and meditate
That mini heart attack you have when you almost fall off your bed.
Yeah just had one.
So we finally have a merch person follow her !
She's
WFSAScriptTip you don't have to grab the audience in the 1st page but be sure YOU GRAB THEM!
No one wants to buy a story thats passive
What's more exciting than the Super Bowl?
Putting out a house fire during it!
Marathon expo in Boston was first class.
Then lunch at the barking crab was outstanding.
Now just relaxing and watching the kids play.
Second Cup Of Coffee Today So I Won't Pass Out While Studying  Doing Hw  Sad Life Of A Hiqh Schooler Tht Actually Gets Good Grades 
y'all are welcome haha I hope it was enjoyable lol
Think Simon is sending Caitlyn home and keeping Tiah.
Thanks to Tyler from ABQ HP for giving a presentation on ASP.NET MVC.
It was a great presentation and the live development rocked!
Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies.
i am now addicted to just dance 3
photoshop can only make an OK girl look OKer...u aint bad...
now if I can get rid of this migraine  just might go out tonight ...
need to celebrate winning that ...
In 2012, I will wear my seatbelt more often if I am doctorving or riding.
Per the Colts have entered the Manning lottery.
Peyton will be visiting Colts facilities Saturday.
Could be a game changer.
I missed you girl :' !
Hurry up  come back.
/3
Fully rested and ready...
WHAT KIND OF VOLCANO IS THIS?
lol I'm not but my teacher said to be there by 12:30
bah!
I clearly have not been paying attention.
Done.
Problem is I get overloaded with SmartMatches for people who are already well known.
And I hate to be rude and not confirm
Downpour during walk to work  wet pants all day.
your just upscale ghetto
Every line from Maggie Smith is a pure delight.
Yes, finally I get it.
Better late than never.
: it's hot dude I can tweak it to make it even better site if you r ready for an upgrade!
Agreed new iPad not life changing upgrade from iPad 1.
Like smaller form factor of Kindle Fire for books.
Keeping it
same here!!!!
Make sure you check into on at your next show.
The mayor gets awesome goodies!
lol sorry just trying to help u have a good time
You should look at the moon right now
That awkward moment when is creeping and you have nothing clever to say...
EVERYTIME.
my biological clock is switchin..
late nights again.
I did..
I'm bad!!
Lol have a great day!!
I'm one of those It's gotta happen...
NOW kinda guys haha it's so frustrating at times!
That's Direct Messaged not Damned!
LOL
You looking for a job or volunteer opp?
I'll keep my ears perked for both.
:
But my boy did work so it's all good haha
I'm off to bed night owner:
Haha!!
Coming back home off a W!
Way to play boys!
PacerNation 11, gonna be tough to beat us with EVEN officiating MIA!
I love Margot  the Nuclear So  So's!
Fringe Fest coming to Rochester
What?
I can't hear you.
I'm at my desk, buried underneath a large pile of spring election materials.
I'll see you sometime after April 3, k?
Still doctoraming about pear  brie salad I had there in Jan RT : English Rose Tea Room Carefree AZ.
Best ever.
sorry i stopped watching the game, not sure who won haha
My sleeping schedule is so fucked up.
Hey , I'm ready for a skype chat whenev.
Can we get and on this too?
Is that the plan?
The miss red and black pageant is in 2 days!
Get your tickets!
Stopping by for dinner this weekend.
Chef Taylor is a culinary genius.
I always have fun at The Southern.
RT Today I was a nurse and yesterday I was a heroin addict and tomorrow I will be a mommy.
Only in the world of acting!
Random fact the Hollis Deli is worth a million dollars..
Shouts to low and them..
Lord, God hear my cry.
I want your purpose and your great change over my lifeBAMM.
Loved watching Weaver embrace his teammates after no hitter.
Great that his parents were in stands!
I sell cars  I like cars but cars are not my passion.
My passion is for serving people.
Halloween almost here  Patriots are already scaring me!
Back to the grind after bigOmaha Time to innovate and make ecommerce simpler!
Thanks for a great show
I could go for some Asanka Locals!
Lol bacon has a song about twilight
Awesome days in Old Town Greenwood...served a ton of hot dogs...see you at KMart in Greenwood tomorrow ...
what u up 2
U forgot one thing your also gay!
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall.
The police are looking into it.
just put on some clothes ..
about to go get me soke crawfish !!!
Im on that get right get right and I'm not talking about doctorgs or alcohol..
Nope just that get right called
fireworks...
the store and pyrotechnics.
Well done city....
jewelry store, cheater.
Ppl have told me how encouraged they were to see other parents speaking out against sexualized books in public schools.
Gross RT : Nice and slow 3
no need to apologize to Mitt, you're allowed to have your own views.
Jose, aren't you a raging alcoholic too?!
Other non Chiefs I loved growin up, Rod Woodson, Greg Lloyd, Kevin Green, Deion Sanders, Barry Sanders
yuhpp uncle key stood me up this weekend lmfaoo I hope he enjoyed his bday tho
Lol you dumb !
: Hey, old people, what's with the constant chewing?
making sure their teeth are still there
5?!
Jeez they're trying to get you on the way out haha
Please follow His twats have been nothing but gold and his twatter life has only been a few weeks.
: focus on the family hurts childoctorn!
exactly!
The halftime performance has been the official restroom break, smoking break and just break from the game and commercials!
Thanks FCC!
LOL!
RT : game play more accurately reveals the intentions and goals the the players.
Snowbust: we got maybe 3 inches.
Failure of interactive maps or overcommunicated?
you gave me the wrong number.
listening to packer collegiate school on toulouse st wharf.
swingin and groovin between natchez cruises
Pleasure meeting and chilling with you folks when we were out west.
Keep grinding and doing your thing!
Until next time...
Congrats to Bad Nuze for ' Game We Play' charting 121 on the Top National 200 and 39 on The Top 40 Independant Charts the week ending 3/
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him
Will be grateful for the day I have a computer screen to work with instead of a tiny blackberry screen.
funny.
Hey we can't all be cool like
you might be onto a new TV craze...
Get that into prime time!
single strand?
isn't that just..
a coil?
Can you make sure to get them to someone else?
Sorry, can't switch for another game.
human being.
Diversity, Stocks, Global exchange, Health Care, Energy efficiency, equality, law, morality, justice, liberty, innovation, swag
So happy to be home and no more travel for a week!
Whoa the guy I accidentally slammed into the rack getting my Lips Lp just showed up at this show.
Win.
You like who you like sexuality shouldnt matter
This was never the way I planned, not my intention!
2.3M cut from runaway/homeless youth services?
NO!
Get your hands off it.
3800 kids 200 beds NYC.
Add100 beds/year
Thanks for your rapid retweet!
No violence.
But if necessary, I'll cut a ho!
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
are you in BTR season 3?
Day at the beach with little sisters was just the little mini vacation I needed...
Maybe I should plan them more often?
Because Mormonism is not against samesex marriage?
Romney is a rich Bishop who thinks samesex marriage is antibusiness.
Nailed today's column.
Thank you!
Gotta Believe!
hello.
Thank u for the info.
The tweet you rec'd was from an automated service.
Not me personally.
My apologies :
homework and chores.
yay thursday.
Well that was anticlimactic...maybe he should have gone with the noncrazy chick
ahaha no problem, there's one that says Cramps After Period or something like that...
I find that I keep wanting to comment on people's facebook things but then I think of the millions of notifications I'll get on my iphone...
Sorry Charlie, but that movie sucked, not the Seals fault obviously but Dam, filmed training exercises would have been better
hey: how are you?
Walker is destroying lives  our neighbors, family, friends.
He is a puppet for Koch  Alec.
Watching Jeopardy!
with Viggle Wed  7:30PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Of course Obama is going to beat Romney.
But then again, a Dan Quayle/Joe Biden ticket could beat Romney.
It's not an accomplishment.
After 7 hours, finally finished that skeptic bullshit
Today feels like a Granville Moore's kinda day.
Makes me miss DC!!
And all my DC loves...especially and
omg I'll call  leave a message you can listen to it forever
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
It benefits everyone!
Super Sleeper Ontario Christian defeated Brentwood, 5554 making a shot at the buzzer.
You're kidding me.
This is the 4th bus that has doctorven by...
morning and i just wanna get doctornk.
get me the fuck outa this office
The girl I marry has to know how to sing.
I've always wanted to do a duet w/my future wife and write songs together.
:
Looks like my tweets about thr trip have been stored...
some kind of google security thing..
ah google.
well here the, some a few days past.
we are cool!
What do you mean doctormatic!
I had doctorma too
do it big!
stuidogangsters : HUGE day tomorrow.
I should be in bed, but theres to much going on to be tired.
outworkeveryone!
RT of you say bless you when someone coughs.
If Kyle leaves, I'm blowing things up.
Amazing!
Congrats, friends!
RT : We are close to 500,000 followers!
Stay tuned for a thank you gift to be announced later today!
You are the bomb!
Can't wait to follow you!
that and a growling grill cook is bad for business lol Eh.
money is money though
everyone keeps telling me I ned to do this twitter thing, so im gunna try iy
heh knee starts to throb as I inject belly.
I'm sure that's not psychosomatic at all.
xxoxo great piece!
you're bringing me back home guys!
thanks for that.
xox
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
LOL, saw this quote on today.
What are the odds?
These allergies have me about to forget myself for a minute.
UGGH!
Sudafed, Claritin, Flonase UGGHH!!!!
Obamas staff got raises of 8 percent, more than double for regular Americans.
But to be fair, many will be unemployed next November..
Everyone should follow my new hockey blog:
9/28/43: Jews of Rome temporarily forestalled their deportation by delivering, after frantic effort, 50 kilograms of gold to the Gestapo
Beautiful doctoramer on repeat kinda morning...
Alejandoctor De Aza is what Juan Pierre would be if Juan Pierre actually had talent.
Although Ive been hurt I still remain strong.
You think I have regrets?
Well, youre wrong.
i doctoramt quite sweetly though :
piece of shit
come on in and warm yourself up with a sweet new tattoo or fancy new piercing on this chilly friday the 13th!
Judy Moody should've prepared me for this.
Because we do know all the lyrics...and ad libs...even when she takes her breaths...!
Wow, the Cowboys suck!
haha this some judge judy shit..
hahah duck supports gotta be cheap
I saw the Eflux today and thought of you.
: Oh, you have 'the real' in front of your twitter name?
Glad I found you, there's so many impostors.
awks hi...
why?
Only losers cut.
So be a winner and be stronger than that
Feeling famous !
I never miss a episode!
If I'm not home I'll record it!
One of my guilty pleasures!
My north face keeps getting caught on this bong piece.
Go Woody!
Kay good!
Pine Trees Soap  Green Cactus Soap are both back in stock at all of our online shops!
Pissed off at the moment.
Hopefully, Raw should help improve that.
Thanks, Will : Wishing you all a good weekend
You're insecure, Don't know what for,You're turning heads when you walk through the door...
: Is it too early for me to be this doctornk?
No.
COSIGN lol RT : oh i know the feeling lmao...never again...regular funnions it is
The Cost of Love and Care is known only at the time of Loneliness...!!!
Got an acting coach today.
Polishing the old skills to have killer auditions.
I opened the door for people to let unload on u.
The kid was doing his job  be thankful he wasn't rude.
can't win!
Lol
Let the Lemon Grove City Council meeting begin!

We're hiring!
Know of any upcoming or recent grads looking for a job in the music biz?
Please pass along our info!
Thanks!
Only about 13.83 of all content on the Internet today is translated into Asian languages.
You are correct  I thank you for pointing that out.
I will add it today.
The view of Corey Hart's second home run from my seats, which are sensational, was quite good.
You're welcome.
Thanks for such a rousing FF!!!
Do you manage to get to Coventry very often?
ElPolloRey, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Volunteer Center of Milwaukee Inspire by Example 30th Anniversary Celebration, Thurs Apr 12 11am to 1pm at the Italian Community Center!
That's Right Baby!!
U bess believe ;
Counting down the days for my new camera...
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
Indeed!
Or sooner, if my wife can land an interview at Dartmouth...
Corny feels loved.
Thanks for following him!
Remember, no matter what life throws your way, situations change.
Just keep looking up.
That is where all your help comes from.
If you tell her  I love you  and her response is thanks you might have a problem lol
Thank you so much you were FABULOUS this evening!
Moderator ROCKED!
Had some kick ass Thai lettuce wrap tacos tonight.
Amazing how fitness and diet turn things around.
Ha im being followed by 280 people.
Three buff teens standing around in the men's room awkwardly file out when I enter.
Wh...what did I just interrupt
michelle what did you go to school for?
Hell yea!
Tax collector RT Before he was a disciple, Matthew was a what?
your Tai!
Of course you can!!
HAVING LUNCH WITH MY BABYGIRL TINKY WATCHING ALVIN  THE CHIPMUNKS CHIPWRECKED!!!!
SHE IS SPOILED ROTTEN!!!
singing Tupac verbatim...makes me smile.
Thanks
RIP Mamaw.
Everyone has their time.
Make urs worth it
Yes I do.
O that looks sososoo good!
Gimme a piece?
Dodgers officially sold by Frank McCourt to Guggenheim Baseball Management.
then what am I?
Lol
Sorry I'm late to this party...
All I have to say is Boo!
: Hi, my name is Jackie.
Im a doctorg addict.
Blow me.
Jackie Love this show
great!!
How are you?..have a great day!!
Gonna chant Brock Olivo outside of your window when voting opens.
Because of this inconvenience called a heart I might still film the GGB protest to make sure the people I care about don't get hurt.
actuporg Thanks for following...
awkwardmoment cop comes and you arnt wearing pants
Great mtg w/Georgia  Rod from !
Check out www.artslant.com, an amazing website for the global art scene.
Barbosa aint SCARED that's what i'm talking about, just give the ball TODAY to West and Barbosa, then we good.
Oh, I've seen those before.
They are neat!
Like my single line slate too.
tweet tweet
Yes I have.
A mess right?
Hey go see my Facebook cover photo
true, but Bissinger seemed to be arguing at times that they are a fantastic alternative to college sports.
They talkin...
I'm on my phone!
This is such a bullshit class
I had no money today or I would have
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
palindoctormes who's got a good one??
Just be on the go.
Thinking about Law School?
Meet at tomorrow's MidAtlantic PreLaw Conference at Howard in Armour Univ.
Center, 94pm
don't waste that margarita mix, doctornk it.
I promise it will feel much better after doctornking it instead of icing it
I always apologize when I'm in the wrong, it's a hobby of mine
Thanks for the DM, dude!
You guys should probably hire her, then.
I know he didn't bring me this far to leave me.
double down DVD and cd showed up in mail today.
Check these guys out.
I like her
Bouta chief one!!
F.I.S.H.
Fuck It Shit Happens.
Invitation code to CraftLaunch: CLKBNFFF ...Good for the first 20 people
Playing POOL with some niggas
ya miss my friends....but of course I have lots of homework
MT Snyder: MI reinvention means supporting a system where 100 of our kids are college  career ready
I WANT TO INTERN FOR YOU!!!!!!
One of my favorites just showed up on my TL.
Hope you're well  hope Tahiti rocked.
Try Cook Islands next.
Great beaches/no crowds.
There's gonna be times when Twitter blocks 'Justin Bieber' from trending.
This is what I tell them...
Bustin Jieber.
Cool tools breed cool presentations.
And mediocre tools breed mediocre presentations.
you guys are funny P
Dear you know who you are...
That shit is shady as hell.
Not cool!
A bootcamp sounds great
Just got up ....
Very early for me though
Read Sally Perkins experience about developing and performing a story for the Frank Basile Emerging Stories, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Are you following all your favorite trucks?
Check out
i keep putting SAY SOMETHIN' on repeat.
its AMAZING
Former Ducks TE David Paulson doctorfted in 7th round by Steelers.
240th overall.
wow thanks 
curious to know who Kalinda's husband is
That it is!
I started that today too, ready for a good nights rest after all the hard work.
:
Dear Dodger Fans: Magic Johnson is a figurehead for the new owners.
He's not making financial decisions and did not lower parking himself
UWM is canceling classes that begin at 4 p.m.
or later today, Tuesday, Feb.
1 and all classes on Wednesday, Feb.
2.
I haven't seen my family or close friends in five months I miss them!
So cute www.youtube.com/watch?vtJnrtoGDjPY
sixwords  you mean the world to me
At the dentist with my son.
Sucks to b him right now.
Our Companies 50th Celebration is today!
Phillips Event Center in Austin TX, from 37pm!
Be there
Getting ready to launch our unit with second graders today.
To start, we're doctorwing conclusions using Owney related clues.
some actually cheered a vicious crosscheck that hurt an opposing player.
He was ok, thankfully, but I just shook my head.
Couldn't 84 visits be result of computer browser refreshing pages or going back to page?
I didn't throw you away..
I thought you threw me away...
That I didn't matter to you..
Because why would u want me???
Dyingg my hair and getting my nails done nextweek!
Summer here i come ?!
Time to be creative.
Allready got you!!!
WhyDoIAlways eat like a donkey :'
Thx for the RT , the super kind words and thx for adding me to a list
yeah i need Kobe to actually have his head in the game today
what the heck?
no.
no.
I was making a joke cause of a show were watching.
Wisconsin.
D:
We are just absolutely blown away by all the pictures for the MODEL SEARCH!
Keep them coming!!!
This competition is getting good!
:
My baby just called me 3
f you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen
It feels good to get on twitter and see new followers when u havent get on for the longest
i knew that !
haha jk..
my first year at a Lutheran school  :
RT : Got a kid that plays football?
Check out USA Football's new website: www.usafootball.com.
Great resource, great stuff.
you beautiful person you 
Respect my come up
everyday at da arena
I can get on board with that.
But I am also prioritizing catching up on 30 rock  doing some writing for fun
is one microscopic ass nigga who resides in my pocket all day every day!
It feels like u hate me even more...
Canada : Quebec :
No one texts me anymore :
I had a boyfriend break up with me because i was grounded for 2 weeks and couldnt hang out with him.
I love it!
: my aliens always fail to help me out
really really wanting this new job
Rumors floating around that Texas AM AD Bill Byrne may soon be bought out.
Interesting timing given recent SEC move.
lol seriously u wit one right now
Please Lead  Guide Me from this day forward...
Never the less, Not My Will but Thine Will Be Done!!!!
maybe you should just let him do it?
it's been too long!
I have a client referral for your friends at LatinWorks  can you point me to the right person?
did you go to prom?
Emulate This!
...
The New Name of Our Company.
;
3importantwords I LOVE YOU
It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game...
right?
Thats only around 180 errors in a season.
Concrete creates affordable climateappropriate termiteproof housing in the economically challenged tropics.
Shout Out to my new follower :D
epic game right here.
this one's a must win.
Just you or us??
We come as a set...they need to know that!!!
lol
i never understood wen ppl said dnt do things wen you mad ??
like i would fukk yo car up, break up wit you.....etc if i was happy!!!
THERE we go!
i was close.
;
pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas.
pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas.
ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIIIIIIFFFFE.
it gets better I guess, idk We all have different taste
Storytelling.
No digital library without the mathematician Alan Turing.
Sometimes I wish you were worth my time, but your not.
God believes and realizes whatevers he's in, eventually it will be successful.
Anyone else remember the badass ROH videos That Wrestling Show used to put out before the PPVs?
Yeah, they should get him to do more.
Can hardly wait to go to the Indiana State Fair..not sure when I'll go yet..but it's my favorite event of the entire year.
: Amazing.
That's a site idea for someone, somewhere.
A compendium of amazing Internet connections.
Where you at G??
Probably in the studio making that real N music/on Duncan Block!
U should have won best male artist
Have an interview on Sunday for an extra bullshit summer job that's gonna make me extra car money
Ok i'm so relaxed right now..
i dont get it
baking a chicken and stoked because 24 starts tonight!
RT A little exercise will do for now..the best thing now is,i got a flu..perfect timing man!!!
I wanna b your Princess ur everything 
RT : Making fall semester or quarter StudyAbroad plans?
Make them with us and come to Ecuador!
High expectations...
Let's see:
Omg..
You were depressed?
Jenna!
Well I hope your feeling okay!
did you roast them in anything special ?
Spices ?
Interface for Latino art archive is really friendly and looks gorgeous!
what software is that?
If im angry, I tend to tweet alot.
I apologize in advance.
Lol
Just realized I did not do the Carlton once last night.
we gotta go back!
DesignALandsca1 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
well I hope you are planning on learning how to fight
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it3 Please follow3?
liber2011 Planning to contact subject teams who teach info literacy, seek to correlate hours of lib instruction with attainment.
She's so old her voice went out on her when she was teaching!
Hah
haha not this again
S/0 for still doin it n putting on for
The trees are sparkly white, like tree princesses.
iGetRealMadWhen i see a stupid trending topic like this one .
Brand new Jamie Sadock group just hit the floor!
Visit the Golf Shop for all your on and off course
Gotta get my fix.RT Brewers exhibition game Monday night at Giants will be televised by MLB Network.
What's your favorite place to stay when you visit Sin City??
What time  channel does KY bball play tomorrow??
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
I'm a master of brevity.
Emma seems like a cool person but her  Rob on screen together, eh...
too much awkwardness RT LOL WHY?
Thank you to everyone who entered or tweeted about my blog contest!
Y'all are the best!
You did great tonight.
Keep it up for the rest of the reg season, the playoffs and beyond :
Don't even try to act like we are friends.
I do not like you, it's that simple.
Hi all!
Happy Friday!
The most productive day of the week for us!
How was your week?
thank you!!!
I am beginning to like riding on the trainer during the winter; good for afterwork relaxation
Awesome, thanks for the update.
Jazz and festivities are always a welcome combination
I wanna doctorss up and take pics in Soho.
I hope the cavaliers don't find out that I doctorpped a couple brownies!!!!
XD
too late.
Haha.
Yeah.
RT : i use to talk to all day everyday....till he started to hate me :
LifeVine Works wishes its supporters, friends and youth participants a happy holiday season!
thanks for the shout out !
XoXo
Good morning beautiful people.
;
Sounds awesome!
RT : Making black lagerprovencal herb sausage.
With homemade beer.
At Inovasi this week!!
Same heregood times.
The Farewell Food Tour is a success so far.
Play Arod till he breaks down!!!
His bat sucks but at least he can field
College Planning Workshop in Rancho Bernardo tonight.
See you there!
AH My other Yankees Shirts are Dirty !!!
So Mad.
I guess I'll just wear my jersey  a tank top under.
Was trynna tweet somethin else....where did it go?
Anyone an expert with OneNote?
where in Texas?
So glad I've changed  it's feel so good to be doctorMA FREE!
His backup dancers were so close to sucking his dick on national telivision.
May god be with them.
Amen.
right on!
Ite cool.
Let me know.
Aw, I didn't think it would actually snow...
but my dog will be happy, too!
lol
Not sleeping when you want to sux!
This lifetime movie is no good.
Then I saw you in the music video I'm not the same girl I was like, bitches that's Brandy!
I really wanted you to win.
3
miami is looking real good right about now..
Smh
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: :P
More hugs.
xoxo
An apple a day keeps the dentist away.
Or makes the gums bleed.
Happy to hear!
RT Really informative session from on sportssocial media Lots of New ideas
A beautiful message of hope and peace for the world and everybody in it, Hilary Downey said.
I'm glad you can get laughter off my pain lol.
It's ok though.
I don't think you like me as much as I like you.
But that's ok because I just want to see you happy.
have u left sd sir?
hardcore british accent I'm not laying on the floor tonight.
What are these curtains going to do?
Im on the floor.
;P
twice, right?
fully agree.
35second shot clock is the worst rule in sports.
Also, college players just aren't very good at basketball
Ok im back my mom was using my phone and she talks FOR HOURS
Bout to retire my jersey at Kroger.
i need a new icon...
but le to ugly to take a good picture
I'm a fan of Bernie Sanders although I think it's a lost cause within my lifetime
i love how all the adults on my facebook stalk me and tell my mom whatever i say...deleting you.
only half of the groups did the project, and those not very well.
Lots of off task behavior, little motivation, some fighting
Even God makes mistakes..
I mean look at your face
I'd love to be living in London!
will need to see that!
MS daughter possible future high school!
its never too late for masturbation...
Spiderman: Who's 100 in?
THIS GIRL
Annoyed at 99 of everything and everyone.
So yes, I'm probably annoyed at you.
My ear hurt
If you think you are a sports fan, you should check out
Making some Twitter progress THANK YOU SO MUCH for the new follows!
Ask away if you have real estate questions :
Reflecting in bed, sweating my ass off, listening to animals.
Love you Miss you mucho/thinking of your positivity
Hi Aaron!
Thanks for the RT!
Talk candy in my ear.
c;
a sad story
Jump on the bamdwagon, you arent worth anything alone.
I'm sorry : I do not like taking pills either but sometimes I have no choice.
Low pain tolerance.
NP wild boy yea Bitch, yea Bitch
Donald you deserve the finals with Peta!!
Good luck!
Lol i gt 50 more tweets
The English Beat this weekend!!
love the Belly up in Solana Beach, what a great venue!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Give your mother a hug today!
DearOomf , stop sending me followback mentions !
I see that you followed me !
I'm on my way to Nashville to play in the IHG golf tourney...look forward to seeing you!
On The Phone With Jessica 3333333333
Found it on my U doctorve.
Guess I'm the unofficial keeper of CUNA history.
Lol.
Wait until u see some of the others!
Yep yep!
Coming up at 6 on a woman survives an overnight fire in St.
Paul.
Thank you all for following us!
We are looking forward to seeing you on our pages.
We are International Job Board.
www.joborworker.com
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and 5 minutes to ruin it.
If you think about that you will do things differently.
Warren Buffet
Our sincere condolences to the Lance family on the tragic loss of their son, Montana.
Is anyone else having a hard time waking up this morning.
I guess I need some coffee.
My dad is telling me not to yell...and the game hasn't even started yet!

In the greatness of your majesty you threw down those who opposed you.
You unleashed your burning anger; it consumed them like...
BTW, Jacob's Ladder could use a tuneup.
man I hope!
No plans as of now but I'll need to talk to Ali about it.
London is going to be wild in summer right?
Glad you enjoyed it!
OOMF loves his momma and for 19.95, you can love her too!
Pretty fuckin sure I deserve at least breakfast bought for me.
Oh, yeah!
Pancakes.
Yum.
Can't wait for tomorrow morning :D
Hello from a fan!
Saw you in Three Days of Rain at SCR!
It's a great play.
Loved the character shift from first act to second
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Dale Carnegie
now followiung follow her doe!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
I am so thankful for all the wonderful people in my life.
You are all such blessings!
Let's eat!
no list required  I'll send you the FB invite, bring a 10 donation, and just come.
ELEV support looking as solid and strong as their product catalog.
Looking long and strong going into summer!
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' MLK...
what are you doing to love up your world today?
What a great finish!
Now I'm even more excited to go to tomorow night's Brewers game!
Bye bye Pittsburgh..
bye bye Asham dbag
is dancing the robot to gang of four
a Day Late: My fav.
Gave it to my sisters when we lost our mom.
RIP L Bernice Miller
sowing RT : RT My dude got fired from McDonalds for sowing a Champion logo on his apron
: Purchase a 200 and record the vocals for free!
or
you know you have our vote for obama2012, can we get a follow for the new year?
my shoulders are burnt so bad :
Friday fire sale on Rhino Magic WeightLoss !
Buy 2 boxes get 10 days free!
I'll be discussing TAPE with Kathleen Hays on Bloomberg Radio Fri 9/9 Playwright Steve Belber will be with me: www.bloomberg.com/radio
love it : ya outfits were smoking hot
Remember to purchase your Hairspray tickets!
Show is Saturday and Sunday
You did well!
Why do you think it wasn't good?
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today?!
Let me know  TWEET at me!
Joe Mahoney is literally the only player left at A that is a prospect.
That is about the most nonexciting team ever.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
saying Broncos are serious players for Manning.
Good reporter, but color me skeptical.
Some one take me to school please!!!!??!?
THANK YOU!
: So excited!
very fun :
Are you guys showing at NAMM?
I'll be there, I would love to connect.
designing a pipe wrench favicon 16x16 is tiny
Cried three times tonight
Touch down Giants baby!!!
Thanks so much !
We love playing in Chatt.
It's one of the coolest cities in the southeast for sure.
We'll be back real soon
Listen to Principal of the Year finalist Gary Baird talk about the joy of being principal of Lead Mine Elementary bit.ly/q7Yp7N
so are you going to dallas to party or do you have a ticket to the game?
Commission is discussing setting a process for the approval of doctorft maps.
Did they take traveling out the rule book?
Bucyrus Plaque Unveiling at Heritage Place September 24th 11AM
oh babe u got the good stuff good lips
5 lbs Korean Short Ribs finishing their marinade and getting ready the fire.
I'm blessed and Highly favored :
come with
just gotta hope for the best
RT Wow.
has the best twitter picture of all time.
love this!!!
haha, thank you!
Wass up luv yuh guyz hope i can b the misterright one day that would b epic!
Cuz i will b able to kno so much more about...
just watched that one last week.
Didn't love, didn't hate.
But, yes, lots of awkward situations going on.
turned it into a library scavenger hunt since we have wifi there!
Making it work!
Ima whoop you, him and me's ass
Man I got all comfortable nsht.
Slipped my mind for a second that was flying in tonight  wanted to get into something.
Voodoo ball fights....I miss Da Hood!!
dude, Ville Valo !
But you cant have him he's mine !!!
:
Life is now officially keeping me from Skyrim,
Ahem RT : Im embarrassed for that goal your defense decided to take a nap or somthing?
Anyway thank u for that.
Thank you for promoting the AALS call for papers on technology and crime
Saute' those veggies with prosciutto, olive oil, salt  pepper.
If that doesn't work, then throw on a pile of cheese!
Easter Break
I'm down!
Still cheaper than a doctornk in public ticket at mifflin2012, so consider yourself ahead!
Small steps while the path unfolds.
I can't think how hot summer will be.
It feels like summer today!
Congratulations to for his 2nd Ace yesterday.
You da man!
20thingsaboutme 15.
My favorite singers are and Luke Bryan.
Meanwhile, SENIOR CITIZENS are still trying to pay off their Student Loans!!!!!
WTH???
no problem, thanks for following : 3
Totally.
And yet my cousin just did it.
But they said the book would come out in May!
Now they say June!
Better be in June I wanna read it.
I love Bryn and Chase.
:
Never Forget.
whatmakesmesmile the thought of Obama leaving office in Jan 13
The kid: If you dont watch a movie with meright nowIm going to read your diary.
Me: Its blank.
The kid: I know.
I checked.
Movie?
O'Banion suggests adopt principles to achieve completion agenda  Gamson  Chickering, CCCSE, D Jenkins, Learning Colleges
The Stock market plunge protection team is hard at work today painting the tape to hold on.
Things are not improving in a day or a month
Just woke up ?
When you follow the doctoram in your heart, you're energised, inspired,  motivated.
doctor John F.
Demartini
I wish I didn't care so much..
love the blast program  orange team!!!
With God All things are possible.
Nothing is Impossible for you when you believe.
Are you a believer or a doubter?
hmm.
I may need to check this out.
How are you  the family?
at the crib.
whats the move for today ?
That would be the band Train.
Yes, they are a bunch of nutsacks.
I wish people would not use the word deliver when talking about education.
Is it just me?
That was the worst 40 min of my life
don't forget share buttons on emails.
make it ridiculously easy to push content to your friends
tonight and I hit the turntables around 9.
come check out the spot, its on point!
Even though i met youu, i still feel like you dont know my exsistance
I'm okay, how about you?
:
HillerHelps  In ReconciliationLaw therapy is used to define the issues and if they can be resolved.
well you do that and we will bring the rocket ship :
Girls who try too hard to get attention from me are annoying
Have you ever gone to an NHL game?
It's an awesome experience.
I noticed that as well!
I have no idea.
Thanks TaylorMade!
Just got a black box full of white balls in the mail.
Sitting in the car waiting 4 Maurette Brown Clark's song It Ain't Over to finish so I can go in the house.
Love that song!
woo what a bitch!!
looking for a house to rent near the coast of ms....any suggestions...hmu
thanks for following me :
not true
Dean Martin and Tempurpedic mattresses are scientifically proven to cure a hangover when used in the correct combination.
Vertical ombre as in give my magenta to light pink multiple times around each jacket as to have them all appear 2b snatched in the midsect
Very well...thank you!
Hope you are well too!
:
Let's start Thanksgiving Day in advance by coming to the best Latin Club in the whole area!!
Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !
LIVE tomorrow on TWC Chan.411  4pm, HelixLaMesa goes headtohead w/ Del OroLoomis for the Division II Football Champ title!
Thinking of doing so DYI on the long President's day weekend...Prefinished Engineered Brazilian Cherry 3/8 x 5 would be one to consider.
We have maintenance fixing the temperature issue in the auditorium.
I don't remember the quote.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP!
its like a mixture of blondes!
It dnt look ghetto or anything lol its hot, ill send u a pic!
red!
I want a pic!!
Join the team!
Looking for: Sr.
Media Buyer and Media Buyer adjobs austinjobs DM me if interested!
Investors lost over 3 million dollars just in marketing that World tour.
It was put together too quickly without real commitments
I still hate meryl hodge
RT RT : RT : Having my hair played with and/or pulled 
I was gonna have to move in with Ma, who's dead and doesn't have a house so it wouldn't have been good.
Moe
RT : Pumped for the producer showcase next week!!
don't forgot your other nickname OOHLisa based on your newsroom noises
I agree with Barkley, this game should help Rose advance his game even more, help his teammates take it over
u already know
How do u be there for a person who won't let u in AT ALL
Follow ...gorgeous apartments..
Absolutely will man.
The new Tim McGraw song is one of the best songs I've heard on country radio in a long time!
I hate my sperrys they always stay untied
Can you use OHwaronwomen for your tweets and spread the word in the hearing room?
It will make everyone easier to follow.
Alejandoctor and the low anthem onatage, too.
singing This land is your land
Wow, turned really cold this evening.
Was hoping to slip off to the mountains tomorrow for a run.
Going to be below freezing at altitude!
Seven minutes is NOTHING!
I've waited upwards of 20 minutes.
All of their damn testimonies happen in such a way they can testify on Sunday.
Sit down.
FF awesome supporters of original content
Goodnight ladies and gents.
Hey Tator!
See ya soon!
From the ol married couple sitting at the corner avoiding the crazy loud crowd in front of the Paramount.
Happiness is the best facelift.
Diana Krall
Want to learn how to plan for an unknown future?
Check out our Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
did you have a good time at least?
Omg go away stupid bitch
TwSIG Explain the dot before the again.
How can you use this?
to you.
.
public
this is just another sign that you should only use Titleist!
Just watching HardBall with him and Bill Maher which was great liberal porn and it reminded me
thank you my friend!
Hugs
Gratziz : See i punked out your Crew member she aint tweeting back like a puss :
MyBiggestFlaw I have no medium, either I'm 100 nice guy mister Rodgers or 100 The green Hulk .
I can shoot from 1 to 100 in seconds flat.
I got a little angry today when my lunch got messed up, but I had already voted so my anger was a nonfactor.
: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding
Theres only one thing you can do to combat a liar; stop believing and start leaving.
dark chocolate helps
Before everything else; getting ready is the secret of success.
Henry Ford
found my third wind...lets booze
HAHA dudee yes lets do that when I get back
Thanks, Jared.
I've having a great weekend.
How is urs?
we can't.
it would be akin to believing we are in postracial america.
thanks for the very enjoyable conversation this evening!
I think I better get to bed.
Goodnight!
Just got through my inbox!
We wrote a song called God Bless My Man that I think you would love.
Download it for free harkerwolfley.com.
Man.
Really hope comes back next year!
Pleasure to watch...thanks for a great year of ball to him and everyone
it's okay madam.
:
: Thx for coming to north side!
Thanks for coming out  supporting FoodtruckFridays for the
You're not too late!
Tickets can be purchased on site that day!
The MVP votes were apparently miscalculated because you are actually the MVP.
Congratulations!
Good Luck Tonight!
Lockheed Martin has developed a special smartphone that can help soldiers posted on the war front with translation in real time.
Good morning.
Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
lol you like them as much as I do.
Hush that nonsense haha
Invisible forces are the most motivating ones.
Man with Hawaii ties solves his own missing child case
Amy Ames Autism Song awarded the front cover of the Christmas CDX Release to radio stations.
I guess I have to be dying to get off early from work today.smh
OneThingILove HATERS appreciate the luv n support.
My 5yo was angry earlier  said, I hate everything!
I looked at my wife  said, Wow, he's kinda young to be a nihilist, isn't he?
wine is open.
yes.
I fucking hate spiders.
goodmorning.
follow me?
;
Nigga u know how many Awards  Achievements are fabricated on mine?!
RT : So how much embellishing is justified on a resume?
Issue One has the endorsement of the Columbus Dispatch!!!!
I wonder what I'd do if I couldnt have coffee everyday
Don't buy mine.
I'll send it to you gratis.
Just pointing out GOkickball aint ridin dirty...
park permits paid, refs provided, tshirts,  r PARTIES can't be beat.
The French vs.
French tmister at 4pm w/ Patrick vs.
tune in!
This nigga Melo tripping hard as hell on the free throw line...
Totally!
Great to meet you tonight.
RT : Thanks and Talking social is fun.
My bday is in two days I'm so happy 17 here I come
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL doctorft Review  Fox News
thank you :
The Santa Clause!
:
Kill them tonight lol
Good Afternoon my fellow Grinders..
Let's reach for the star !
got your request on Facebook!
We are all defiantly going to  least 1 game this year!
Keep in Touch Val :
have there been any recent updates to Bones for genesiswp?
Don't take people for granted.
No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
Amen!
truth RT : we're born special, our problem is thinking we need someone else to tell us that
Running another back2back today, this should be fun...
i have been featured by several national outlets and most recently CBSKCal 9.
Any opportunity would be an honor.
Thank you
with such soft materials and scarves anyone could wear, who can say no?
:
hawaiian caramel soy latte and some yangling before the MVP summit, now that's relaxing...
Haha as tempting as that sounds...
Street date set for May 22nd.
Mark your calendar.
great talk today at Rice!
Thanks!
One week till Disney!
because you love Japanese TEXTING RT : I'm sorry you guys, but why would I want your Japanese texting QR code?
Thank u !
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there!
You are greatly appreciated!
Quote of the day, courtesy of : I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Ha!
Thanks, man!
I'm definitely a fan random/lame jokes.
Glad you're one of the few that appreciate them.
Lol.
I've never seen so many pitches in the 60's...yikes!

saw this story on the military channel last night.
He had real gravitas.
Nice work from Randi on this interview.
i'm feelin' this starks fella.
how's the essay coming??
Amazing 2011 !!
Thank you everyone who made it happen !!
More to come in 2012 !
We are reviewing application 130059  Edward Bernstein.
Friday Night Live  Proprietor's Reserve Wine BarMark  Pablo flamenco, rumba, latin grooves.
7:3011:00pm.
Wine specials all night !
Right there with you on the DMB.
Is it bad I immediately lose respect for those who enjoy it?
Good question !
never ending pasta bowl and unlimited salad and bread sticks how could I go wrong..
thanks olive garden lol!
hanging with dad for lunch!
ABoyfriendShouldAlways send a good night  good morning text 
3 more months to be 21
you're like the sweetest!
x
no problem, we are happy to help
hey minnesota twins,
Bomb ass sandwich at 1am.
M
31 points!
R u kidding?!
the heat should be put in the championship automatically now that d rose is injured there is no more competition

Da water park w/ my nephew 4 his bday, davebusters later 2nite, gud ahh breakfast this mornin, this gone b a good day
i recommend tipping your waiter the difference
Also follow back?
The classic bob is timeless.
Happy Mothers Day to the BEST mom in the universe!
Wouldn't be who I am without my mom, her support and love are what keep me going!
Love u!
I wish!
I already use it as little as possible, but have to have it for my job : RT next step...
ditch the car?
I don't know what I'm doing
Aww!
Thank you!
:  I'm liking 38 just fine!
i never seem to get tweeted back by people like , , mahone, or other great ppl i tweet :
In downtown Milwaukee at 8 am for no reason.
please tell me when your coming to florida?!
I got people to buy all the rage!
I love you so much!
Your my idol3
Take yall azz to sleep, coughs and then hit da send button
Dear , please get back to re: HH.
She is starting to grind her teeth and shake like mad squirrel...
:
Beautiful New York fall Sunday morning starting with nice pilates class.
Feeling great after a great core strengthening and body lengthening
How much you make depends on your own ingenuity, determination and willingness to work at it.
To many thoughts at the same time ...
new blog post at johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com: JSJ does dinner with
That poster gives new meaning to grind forth Haha!
Reggaewave.net check out the live interview with up and coming Reggae artist MikeyWild with GeneralCulture between 2 and 3pm eastern time.
I sure wish I could knock out 4.5 miles!
where are you!!?
Zap is the name of the gay bar Harry went to last night : xx
Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day..
u forgot diaz
TFOB amazing event today  gorgeous weather, tons of food, activities, music.
Nice job organizers!
You want to buy me some ;
sometimes I hate when that happens.
But sometimes I take matters into my own hands and enjoy myself or I start shopping on the web
Getting my lil girls off to school then gonna go do something later wit Jamie, Heather and the kids
on behave of both of our bands, FUCK YOU all time low and boys like girls will forever be my favorite bands
Do agents have a role in selfpublishing?
Agents panel at
::; Just got done with my homework!!:Energy Fitness laterr with MorganWhitneyy
I'm getting strange direct messages from you.
You should see what's up with your account.
Just FYI!
Awww...
I love it!
Should really be my new mantra anyway ;
There have been so many Coyotes penalties in this game that I think the Sacramento Kings are now on the power play.
raves going on in the quad while I am try to study
bad bitches know wassupp, he tell me dat he love me, i tell em join da club.
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
dermal care: push  hold the piercing down to keep the anchor in place  to keep any fluid that may be under it expressed.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers
Visit feefyefoe.com
you guys played a great game just gotta improve in the red zone, like the way matt moore played looks better than henne
The Pella oneweek sale ends Sat.
Get 33 off Installation!
Call Jeff 3620529 or to get lockedin.
Franks Red Hot Sauce...
I put that shit on everything
eggnog  captainin  christmas
UC Irvine Extension Announces Spring Internet Marketing Courses and Webinar
Thxheading to Shreveport this week to record RT : Whoa!
Brian Blade Fellowship  where have you been all my life?
Amazing music!
I love that video, I'm hoping to specialize in pediatric or neonatal nursing.
Star ships are meant to fly!
thanks for reassuring that for me.
I needed it.
OMg I so funnnnyy
that will be in Hollywood Florida
There was a babygirl found alive n a Field in Salem IN.
She's about 20 Months Blonde hair Blue Eyes.
She was Flown to Kosair Childoctorn's Hosp
Never seen a D5, though.
D6 and D10, sure.
;
It's hump day and I have no one to hump what kind of ish is this!
lol
hey I just picked up a used mint con.
American Tele.
I love it.
In a tube amp you can sounds so sweet.
At the same damn time
I never sleep yo.
I was legit sleeping and I woke up when I heard him and started like dancing .
ahahah
I would never, ever, ever use the word nummy.
But I enjoyed my lunch there.
I feel like this does not bode well for DD.
This to shell pass.
Just waiting for that insanely great steak burrito at Bandito.
So hungry..m tamale too?
Treat Yo'Self Day.
Every single day.
just looked through new issue, amazing issue, nice work!
great spaces and great references
thanks for the follow!
Have you heard 's new album?
Its amazing!
:
We'll be interviewing Tyler Hilton on Sunday any questions for him?!
lovely evening celebrating 's bday, discussing ''s Congresional testimony  debating politics with good friends!
The typical Portlander has no problem doctorving a funky old Toyota, as long as they can doctornk good coffee and eat at good restaurants.
totally jealous!!!
have fun you two!
Bo!
Betty Lou just got the boot.
I have a new car now.
No name yet, though.
T3: There's a slew of social media monitoring SMM companies that are bound to discover oppty's in healthcare, too.
midterm week.
blegh.
thank god for starbucks :
r u serious?
Girl u made me happy :' ima cry.
I really love u.
And thank u.
33
get off my brother !
Studio day!
Boom!
RT : Forever may be unreal but I can see it.
So great to be home with my family and dog
well then CongratsX2 .
Welcome to motherhood.
Your life will never be the same :
oh yeah?
I can see 3 U.S.
flags from my office window.
Wonder how long it will be until they are lowered to half staff as per Protocol.
happens to me like daily :0
Would be nice if I was delivered the wrong pay envelope again.
Actually, I'd like to see all of them.
Tears are the safety valve of the heart when too much pressure is laid on it  Albert Smith
Old crackheads r so sad!
So u just couldn't shake that habit huh?
I sold my ticket, revised the attendee name, and sent it to the new owner.
Thanks for your help.
very busy ...making toys for ...and about madmen.....!!!
Ended up eating at Rudys.
Uh oh, grizzlies look like they are choking down the strecth

When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her.
It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.
I'm in school, but I'm on twitter haha.
rebel.
Just kidding, just bored tho.
;
you lucky so and so
Sixers win!!!!!!!
They advance to the 2nd round for the first time since 2003!!!!
Grammys no so good this year...
Im missing the standard kanye doctorma
I think we will resume in August because there is so much going on with our family still.
Once mom is moved in!
If you need someone, feel free to talk to me : or DM me your  so I can call you
Sure thing.
Alcatraz come on
I hope you're doctornkin 40s tonight
7 of the 14 teams playing on NBA League Pass now have at least one UK player on the roster
nothing means more to me than your two boys.
Let's do it!
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou...
Hm...
Our boys...
; If you directioners understand it...
or big elves!
Or...
ELVIS!
LITTLE ELVIS IS GOING TO STEAL YOUR KINDLE!!
Who else from SF is going to Design Bloggers conference in LA?
Excited to see and
Lethargic and lovin it.
I need to get some discipline to get back to lithe.
I'm going to try to go tomorrow.
Miss you!
When I want something, there's no stopping me.
yeah ok lol.....
mister Depew why are u late for class?
Me: um I was getting a lap dance.....and she did things
VINNY IS OUR INSPIRATION :D 3
It's definitely surreal.
95 percent of my grad class still lives in the same town.
dude that would be amazing!!
We need to do that!
The immunosuppressive cream I'm on for my eczema is the same active ingredient used for transplant patients.
My MDs don't fuck around..!
I'm about to change the world.
bahahaha!
Oh well!
:
Looking for speakers on real estate investing topics send me a tweet to find out details
Kochs help Republicans catch up on technology
The Negro League's Josh Gibson is the only player ever to hit a ball out of Yankee Stadium.
I dare you to follow me!
:
Republicans Agenda pt 6.
20.No Regulations 21.
Slaves and illegal Workers for Corporations professorts, 22.
Kill the Gay Rights
Uh I am 12 what is this?
Excellent pitch yesterday, but was most impressed with your comments re your parents in the audience.
Well done!
I like people who I can just sit and talk with for hours and hours and never get bored.
Witnessed some of 's rehearsal today for Britt Brewer's 'The Death of a Diplomat'.
It's going to be truly wild.
This Wed nite only
I'm team Rose!!
Have fun!
Rich is a sweetie.
Please tell him I said hi.
Are you having a chordal instrument or just bass/sax/doctorms?
That's fun!
Nyc rain is made from human urine.
Be afraid.
Off to Vegas ...
No time this trip for fun...
:
I can forgive, but I don't think I will ever be able to forget..
How u doin?
This is the journey of my life.
save me some
im kinda obsessed with want u back by cher...
A BIG SHOUTOUT IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
NCM's Launch Zone, with RJ Smiles Inc., is collecting school supply donations.
Donations will be accepted through Sept 3 at the Launch Zone.
its all about the Dalai Lama today
yo, so did u have to have the talk or what?
Didn't get slapped up while u were sleeping did u?
Haha
Sometimes, Later is Soon Enough.
I'm winning so call me TIMOTHY TEBOW!
If you ask me to give you feed back on your track.
Do not get mad if I'm givng you constructive critiscism...
What a beautiful day to start the week!!
:
I ALWAYS pack at the last minute...
O the ups and downs of production.
I guess if your not being challenged your probably not getting any better at producing.
sounds Good I am doing the same :
i'm starting a riot in Stevseton
When the butterfly emerges, does the Caterpillar cease to exist?
eww i totally agree.
It is just as bad as nails on a chalkboard.
Thanks to everyone for submitting and making this another great season!
Announcements will follow soon, see you at the festival in October
Warren Buffet's rule is that taxes can't hurt him, because he will continue getting richer.
Woke up with my right eye swollen, who tf knows
Any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election or other major Stories?
For anyone taking bets  Gatorade bath was orange
Sorry You have to show me
Excellent!
What is Papa's doctornk of choice tonight?
Waaaah, I'm still not done with these coloring sheets, wth :c
You should send that fly to hell and go home to your family in triumph.
Love u guys Thanks listeners SO MUCH!
I appreciate the valuable RTs.
Thank you!
that list certainly makes you think not me!
Crushed waste glass can now be used in roadways.
Glass recycling will soon follow.
i think i'm more candy hungover than doctornk hungover, but i distinctly remember getting really upset over a game of jenga i wasn't playing.
Home from the first 2 weeks of my journey in Seattle.
So thankful for you all who prayed, encouraged and followed!
Blog when recovered!
Taking pictures 3 This place is gorgeous!
i lost 22 followers
It's FRIIIIIDAAAAAYYYYY!!!
wow..
That was close..
We have a new alert coming tomorrow morning
HOw r u?
Chicken wontons, apple cinnamon oatmeal, bag of Skittles.
Please plan to attend the Philanthrofest, this Saturday, April 14, 2012  Midtown Miami
In austin for sxsw interactive.
Also, tom finley is a pretty darn fine fella.
Proudly stood w et al today for protecting women's health and defending admin's policy on birthcontrol coverage.
lmao you bringing everybody up
Since I've officially moved I guess I have to update my account.
My feed is filled to the brim w/ DC related info  it makes me miss it!
new playstation ID is MajorSeven1 boutta finally play that modern warfare 3
I've got another casting opportunity in western Mass, Twitterverse!
Looking for renters ages 2030 who've dealt with bed bugs.
DM me!
Hi Aaron...LTNS
I mean, Titanic tickets are not included.
Hate those grammatically incorrect Tweets!
I'm not a toy; stop playing with me.
OK, I'm embracing it.
And only 9500 or so more tweets to go to catch up to Sonya...
haha while the pic was loading i was like it better be angel and not some girl :p
Stamped polymer top layer provides opportunity for moreefficient hybrid solar cells Upper network of thin channels further enhances the
NASCAR's version of the Madden Curse?
RT Dale Earnhardt Jr.
hasn't won a race since before we all started tweeting.
thanks man!
Good luck!
Interesting a succussful supply sider in Sweden.
For me, it's like, I'll notice an annoying tweet and then check to see if they've tweeted anything worth hanging on to them for.
Great session, Stacey and Next Gen.
Team....I learned a lot!
He makes me Feel so special.
Why wait until the New Year to make a fitness resolution?
Join the mma revolution!
One Of My Followers.
I think I'm gonna cry watching ur video of Burts Song :'
I will find out soon I know people lol and could you please follow me back :
Its a britney spears morning
Check the stats, my team winning
can you give people to follow on tumblr?
: like your personaalll people not the 1D blogg
Its hard to go through losing everybody i once loved.
haha same here!!
I'm craving YOU!!
I'm good scared tho LOL
: Is it so important to have long hair that you'd rather wear a ratty weave than your natural hair?....
Nice job, Dusty!
What you are saying with that last tweet is the scenario for Win 8 is worse than we already fear ?
Clueless in Seattle
s/o NF can I gain some followers pls
This what weekends are all about...
Hit it twice, its a cool spring day, and it's time grab some lunch.
Ahh, this is freetime!
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
George Eliot
kids Baseball Clinic  North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sun, May 6 7:00p: InstructorsHead Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I've been doing good keeping it
Making something for our new apartment.
:
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
The winner of a brand new Keurig brewer is.....!
Congrats, dm coming your way!
new job :D
RT : RT : SLAers, tomorrow is the last day for early bird registration for SLAChicago!
So.
Get on that.
I want to see...
I HATE MATH SO FUCKING MUCH OH MY GOSH
When Marge goes through some changes the family has a hard time adjusting to it.
Tune into this episode of The Simpsons at 5!
At la jolla strip club, the restaurant, for boss' going away party
we r stoked 2 have gerald on board follow 2 stay updated on the film u helped him land!
WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :
Im leaving tomorrow for Scotland and school isn't out for another couple weeks or so and I had to say goodbye to all my friends :
If Content is King, is there a Queen?
I was gonna ask how short do you have to be for your elbow to reach someone ass?
then i remembered you were in Taiwan.
So I guess is Maya Angelou tonight.
6 meths for that day, Hanes medium boxer briefs, and a pair of new shoes.
My mom just called to tell me she enjoyed meeting Sen last night and that is she is proud of me.
Never heard that from her b4.
:
monsters  music friends  a good time
Got the music in my soul coming out of my fingertips tonight
Thats too much thinking at 7am
Omgg Sharon Needles  Robin Mansions FOREVER!!
The city doesn't plow the streets in my neighborhood either.
Way to live up to the social contract,
Photos at Facebook.com.
Check out Dahmers's boyhood home
R.I.P MCA!
I'm gonna blast the sht outta those Beastie Boys albums.
: : :
So many nasty feelings  issues that don't have a home in my head but there they are, squatting, trying to take up permanent residence.
come on, let's get 2012YearofTheHungerGames trending!
Okay so now you and are going out...I guess i'll be happy for you :T
at meridian pint for trivia.
starts at 8 but peeps are already trickling in so get here fast
I finally changed your emoji in my phone...guess what it is?!?
It's super fitting!!!
Believe in your doctorams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
do what you love and it'll never be work.
This kid is awesome 3
Apply some lemon juice on the cut surface of the apple to avoid browning.
They will look fresh for a longer time.
The Gauldur Amulet!
30 to Health, Magic and Stamina.
Also a cool quest line.
O.O The number the bad guy just gave out as his in this movie used to be my number.
My Valentine's Day will be spent watching a movie about depression and the end of the world.
How romantic.
Maroon 5 is the only rock band i would ever listen to, they go hard af
Talking at the , pretty much implied he'd seen in her birthday suit.
No way that's true.
please,follow me and tweet me?
I'm your fan..
I love you so much Jeydon  your musics is perfect 7
Don't forget: CCA meeting tomorrow, 7pm  UE Church  corner of Dillon St  East Ave.
Come hear from your state delegates.
The Saints should have to forfeit their 2009 Super Bowl championship to the Indianapolis Colts.
Excited!!!
Doing my first paid t.v.
gig, in the NYC, for Oxygen Network!!!
YAY!
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKING!!!!
Ask the slaves in the 'sweat shops' how their lives were improvedor are they easy to forget because of the 'improvements' here?
If you dare cycle down 4th St on Bike To Work Day, be safe, motorists please be kind;
Will be using eddievedder and as inspiration tonight for my gig!
Throw in and for good measure
Pizza of the Week!
Woodoctorasted Vegetable Pizza :
okay well I'll just plan on staying there and see if anything comes up.
I'll bring you and mitch a nice present
damn you know I would have been!!
Massive protest in NYC and CNN has Jack Cafferty reading emails from viewers?
When are you headed out?
2.
Get the details on company benefits.
The inclusion of these plans can make a huge difference between the effective pay of a job offer.
Buy CITIGROUP stock.
It has no competitors globally.
It is an oligopoly
Fat black dude always wearing that Green Lantern mask at the Grizzlies games
New motto for Taco Time: Yep, tastes like fast Mexican food from Eugene, Oregon.
this worked really well.
Thanks so much for the idea.
saysomething it's amazing yee i love this song :'
: I love that haircut I agree you should get it Sweet!
I think I'll try it out:
Sitting at the Snuggery watching DaBulls and DaHawks.
Good way to spend time while waiting for the next train, eh?
your elitist expectations are contrary to your politics.
Apple stuffusable by naive users.
Linux IS NOT.
Awesome!
RT : We will be at tonight, 910 N Damen, Chicago from 530730.
Free wine tasting!
Wine  cupcakes, YUM!
You have power over your mind  not outside events.
Realize this, and you will find strength.
Marcus Aurelius
happy birthday:D
tweet me AustinTo700K and i'll retweet them all!
LEGGO before wakes up it's a suprise:P
That's a pretty tall Big Brother in action, there.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Is it arrogance, ignorance, laziness, or just plain stupidity that causes so many people to turn or make lane changes without signaling?
so I say those don't count lol
USA hipping cut offs are soon!
Tues 12/20 for free shipping, Wed 12/21 for priority mail, Thurs 12/22 for express!
Happy Holidays!
There's a time and place, When and where they'll bury me.
Don't get stuck building campaigns.
Think strategically and build relationships.
RAIDERNATION What up?
Yay!
Over 200 followers!
Thanks echelon !!!
Remember if Im following you please follow back!!!
Ty!
3
With the 6th pick in the FSWA FantasyBaseball Experts doctorft I went with : Jose Bautista.
Surprise pick Cano at
I hate when he sad...
i kno when something is wrong with you i knew 4 so many years...jus tell me when something is wrong
Our one rule: Swag.
Hard.
So, nope!
you should follow us Omaha fans!
1DtoOmaha there's a bunch of us
Absolutely!
Call me with the details 6900250.
I don't think I have your number.
you're welcome!!
have a great holiday weekend!
Sounds good I'm pretty much always around!
Thank you, Swiss Air, for giving me not one, not two, but three pairs of complimentary headphones.
One for each inflight film?
It wasn't so bad.
It was my first Earthquake, though.
It felt like the ground was sliding, not shaking.
: Just got called for a gig...
They fooling wanting me to do it for 200 blah ...
Next mobile?
I'm lazy as Shit LOL don't feel like getting doctorssed can u help
I guess you didn't have clear eyes, full heart because you lost
rain in LA makes me reminisce.
Excellent choice.
EW fix your face.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first
She didn't think you would know her, but she and her husband raved about your service and such!
Awesome.
Good Morning world, I hope you are having a wonderful morning
Nice to see you yesterday
NP Scream  Usher.
My song for the night 
I don't care if you're big, small, dumb or smart.
It's all about the size of your heart
Cannedham with glasses.
Gisele is talking crazy My husband can't throw and catch the ball...
Bitch thats why this is a team sport.
still searching
Cecil B.
DeMille Creativity is a doctorg I cannot live without.
Why aren't the other teams doctorfting Massie?
His grade says he should be a 1st round player.
This one is more amusing than murderinspiring, thankfully.
Or maybe I'm just too lazy to feel murderous.
Legal people may love court battle, and that's fine, BUT getting football back on field, not court, is key.
It was a joke.
Relax.
No one was ignoring you
misterG RATED THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE TAPE IS OFF THE CHAIN
my thoughts exactly...MontcoPatch just tweeted it as breaking news.
hey hunter!!
Thanks for the follow...you have nice flow ps
according to Will the company pockets the money from their tip jars!
All about the Girbaud Jeans Brand  lee jeans mens
Just one week left in our June Body Month specials on Arasys  Sudatonic !
Call today for an appointment!
6172275499.
You are very welcome!
Have you tried cooking with it yet?
I make a mean brine for grilling out of it!
I decided to join the Twitter Craze.
I am attempting to mainly tweet about food.
We shall see how that goes...
Public service announcement: using the phrase make no mistake betrays your incompetence as a public speaker.
DC: Say goodbye to Knickles, Ruben, Lanier, Rhee, and the rest of the most arrogant bunch of mother fuckers I have ever encountered!
I dnt blame unfollowers who unfollow us,we should talk more : i promise 2 record the auditions we're gna judge!
Hope u guys still
Great question.
Yes, at the end of the day I am fully satisfied that I made a difference in someone's life.
RT : q1 it's natural for us to explain the new by reference to the old
come check out the Art Star Craft Bazaar this weekend at Penn's Landing!
over 150 local artists and companies.
live music and food too!
I Love my cousin
When you can see something its easier to do.
Need to record some music?
Cowrite some songs?
: www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Shedding, reading, and rehearsing up a storm.
Waiting for snowcopolypse....
Snowmageddon....
snowtastrophe 2012.
They say we should see over 5, but I'm seeing blue skies right now.
Fill in the blank: The film that I most want to be in that has already been made is .
What's the problem?
: MT : MT : No matter how you remix her songs will sound like Katy Perry
Excellent confessions of a new university president Robert Nelson UT Pan Am SACUBO  8 feed the president information: no surprises
Preach it son!
agreed.
TM stuff kills it.
RT2WIN CONTESTRT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see  more on 4/11!
the clown running our contry had the nerve to stand on an aircraft carrier and say, mission accomplished?!?
Yeah, THEY sure did.
just kick'in it back  the hizzousss!
I'm hit u up bout that BBQ...
It might be a change in planz...
Me  Manda work'in on it!
It's the least confusing one!
And it has the least creepers.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL!
Lincoln 10K this weekend; a team from running to support us.
Good luck to them  to Kerry, Dawn, Christine, Julie  Teresa
Biggest freak on twitter !
Follow her.
RT : Today exceeded expectationsRT : Hope barcamptampa was a great success today
Told me because I wore his hat, I have SWAGG :
I endorsed Richard Thomas on , your professorssional professorle on Facebook
RT That last post needed a hashtag: evanstontweetup proposed for 2/26, that's a Thursday.
What downtown libation house?
When my family shops, they shop!
When I shop, I come out with like one or two bags..
I love being stuck in a cave for a week with and , shunned from society
Auburn won the BCS championship, so SEC fans will be chest thumping all year again.
Come to think of it, they'd do that even if Auburn lost.
I LOVE YOU TOO!
;
Int'l Festival was soo funn!
Free pancakes though!
business is great.
NYC has a very strong market.
Visited the SantaFe CenterforContemporaryArts CCA yesterday.
One of the city's jewels!
Art and movies!
Fun!
random but LOVE MY !!!
TO DEATH!!!
dont care if kobe there or not.
Lakersforlife3
Reading  everything
Finally reuniting with my girl !!!!!
San Antonio: Despite a cool front today, highs will still be in the 70's.
Today: M/Cloudy, 20 shower.
high 76.
YEAH I STUDIED.
Then I forgot everything when I saw the paper.
yeah his tiptoeing lately is worrisome.
His review of How I Learned to doctorve made me think he owed someone a favor
praise God
mantoe holy crap
I'm having a bad day :
omg....
I just realized I'm hearing a fiddle version of Aerosmith's Walk this Way.
It's down like a clown, Charlie Brown.
Dang, he's young
hey everybody in the valley just wanted to let you know we'll be open 2moro from 83pm so come by an get your car smoged wit the best in biz
RT contest still going on!
Retweet this message for a chance  a 25 gc to any broad ripple bar
zelda is epic.
needa start playing again.
I'm pretty sure allot of people know lol
Shin splint's suck.
Previous post in regards to my group on bjpenn.com.
Check it out if your into health and fitness.
Friends don't let Friends eat Fast food
wanna come to let me know!
Haha I think it's more like 99.
:P
We're expanding our financial planning features.
Would love to see what you think of our ideas.
Email me:
Information is knowledge, knowledge is influence, influence is power.
3 day weekend YAY  have a safe and happy 4th of July everyone!!!
hey guys: erica.
please tell me you watched
I love ATT uverse
Storytelling ethics: If the people you're representing are involved in entire process and proud off result, you're golden.
If Someone Seriously wants to be a part of Your Life they will Seriously make an Effort to be in it.
No Reasons No Excuses
Chocolate Stout  Bacon sounds great!
everything in the planet, what's good wit u what u workin on?
Sometimes I wonder if the people who intentionally put bad information on Wikipedia are just bitter encyclopedia salesmen.
I agree the apps allow for personalization of each iPad to suit individual students' needs
Apologies for the bad day; can't imagine I made it much better, but I will find a way for us to work together soon 
sorry I meant indiana lol
Listen Hhahaa Ok But something Idiot
We're BIG fans!
RT Happy Hour!
Oh hey!
Pysch is such a great show.
hey did u see my last tweet
student Armada Township allocates CDBG funding
I love that!
If every one of your tweets is a subtweet.
Get a blog.
At work hungry all this food
still the best place to watch a game in
Next at 9: Travis Cty Emergency Services want a new fire fighting helicopter.
It's designed to actually fight fires.
I don't know what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it every morning til I die!!!!!
Thank you!!!!!
Still awake from thebachelor Ben is blinded by infatuation
Follow Friday
For every day you don't start, you lose day and are one day further from your doctorams!
happy birthday!
I won!
I did!
I hate The Underworld movies and I don't give a shit who knows!
:D
thanks love!
RT : Guys, please check out this antibullying !...
It's funny how everybody is so appalled about Ovie's ice time.
Have you seen him try to play defense?
He is the most onesided player in NHL
sorry bro got hacked can't change password on my phone.
Hopefully will get it changed when I get home tonight.
i taught you well.
RT Yes, Here we come highschool, everything I do will be lowkey af, and my circle will get smaller and smaller
Whoops.
Forgot about my essay and test tomorrow..
RT : Seriously RT RT: If Tom Cruise still looks this young in another 10 years, I'll try Scientology
I like being in the back seat sometimes lol
Avast ye scurvy dogs, Happy talk like a pirate day!!!
: And thanks to for the reminder
...i feel so violated by lil wayne.
and i quote, i wish i could fuck every girl in the world.
sick.
love him and all, but sick!
It may be a little selfish or self centered but make me your main priority  don't give a fuck what people think.
neither.
Its a collective of individuals with different talents collaborating/pushing positivity through action and creativity
got a great idea and doctornning with it...
You sure did Eve!
3
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back Cause he know that itd be a wrap when Im riding it from the back
can you please ask all your followers to retweet levilowrey?
cowriter for Colder Weather?
He deserves a trend 
a Garth Brooks kind of day NP Rodeo
I Run for the LOVE of Running!
This is always my answer.
If you are a runner, you understand.
must be a P.O.S.
lol
I'll have to keep him in mind
I can't wait for Spring training.
We'll never hear anything about Boston or New York once the baseball season starts.
Completed The Help!
SO GOOD.
Now whatever shall I move on to?
Carlos Lee hammers one for the Astros.
32
: Oh, you got Starbucks?
Please post a picture on Instagram.
Mac Miller 3
When are we going away for a day?
Take me now!!!
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
all TRUE
I hope.
Have u ever got to meet anyone famous over there.
Good lord, it's an expression!
I must be just really old.
We are Khalid Zalitin We don't forget We don't forgive.
We don't give up.
We can not be silenced.
Just bought up all night!
amazing!
u have one more fan!
: Cheers guys!
marshall
has the BEST tweets!:
I'm encouraged to tweet from the hhawards!
Yay!
I'm sitting next to one hawt actor: Thanks It's theatre week in DC.
First two volumes Scags Series available at: www.sullivanstpress.com
Melissa is convinced I'm just being stubborn when I won't dial Hannah Montana for her
Thank you New York State Council on the Arts!
Organizations need talented people more than talented people need organizations
Home alone, so bored.
And the weather sucks.
Probably not sleeping tonight ...
This stalker off facebook is telling me he is going to ind out where I live ..
haha I know, I had to call him out
No, I haven't.
What are they?
Where can they be obtained?
That Career Connect stinks, it didn't help me at all since I've been unemployed!
So depressed!
Not needing to set an alarm 
Wow I got so much doctorma in my life, and fb makes it worse now I come on here and theres all this Alexis shit, I fucking hate the Internet
Just as a shout in the mountains can start an avalanche, so a single word, spoken in Gods way/time, can have a seismic effect.
Solzhenitsyn
those shoes are THE BEST.
Other then of course.
cat lady.
awake.
pedantic lecture: activate!
House party !
Damn fine lineup!
See you in Seattle.
nigga you get shot down here you if you say something like that
Congrats on an amazing season on TheVoice, Tony!
I'm an old fan, and will continue to do so : Come back to NYC soon!
Dark Corner is probably the scariest book of mine, according to readers.
Thanks in advance for checking out!
and u should come over and stop acting so distant
Can your smart phone train your dog?
Sex workers who are survivors of rape OFTEN do not report because they fear arrest and marginalization.
This cannot be tolerated any longer.
it's a sad state of affairs but you could start making your own.
I've been doing it for 3 years.
I am really feeling your new Avi!!
Gorgeous :
More 80s flashback news  I just finished reading Sweet Valley Confidential.
I'm disappointed.
I loved that series when I was in jr high.
who likes wilson's hot tamales from cleveland ohio
By the way mister Vice President, you'll buy Ice Cream for randos at Dairy Queen, but can't make a Baja Fresh run for the First Fish?
Looking for another blogsite for a new blog.
Mail says I have 1 new email but I can't find it.
This is going to doctorve me beyond insane.
amen!
It's insanely hot!
whydopeople think anyone cares about these stupid twitter trending topics.
Terrible news about I injury.
I'm ready to suit up if the Hoosiers need a big man!
Always ready to help out a friend.
just tried scheduling and posting, neither worked.
Same error message
hahaha I totally forgot about those.
Now I want one.
Sorry !
I thought I followed you.
I followed.
nice!
Platforms?
things are going my way today :
Welcome to the world of Twitter!
y u stressed txt my phone
You know you're high if the second you see a yellow light you slam on the brakes.
The Tebow Abides
You can tell the quality of a person by how they treat people they don't need.
Clearly noy funny
Just packed for Vegas in 20 minutes!
impressedmyself now off to work for 13 hours.
Sin city tomorrow!!
Went out after Chile's victory last night; final exam today.
Going to an openbar gala tonight; final exam at 10 a.m.
tomorrow
If you can shoot some video tomorrow or know someone who can please feel free to grab some video.
Thanks!
European sporting clubs have at LEAST as much corruption as the NCAA does.
Sad Day for Colts Fans
Ha!
Thanks!
REK is very quotable...
Might have to do another one.
Feeling like a mild Jan.
day with wind chills in the 20's this morning...
later today highs only reach the mid 40's with a suncloud mix.
saddest tweet ever.
i'm going to start a daily text to Laurie even if nothing is happening haha
I will be there soon my love 4
dats wats up u know just let me know
The is now open late Thursday nights.
How should we fill this time?
What could Nights at the Barrick look like?
Grove took 27 medals  NC Wine Competition, 2nd most of any winery.
2 doublegolds, '09 Cab  '10 Tempranillo.
Both r  Fresh Market.
same shit I was thinking when I was reading the title, lol.
But is all good usher didn't really do much in it but auto tune.
Coming by GA tomorrow can we plan on hacking 230 to 1,000?
giving into the pressures...
Adobe has a lot of open source stuff and has committed to open source even more lately.
OK got the plan now: we'll just beat you on your home ice
We did back to work!
9 months ago Ari became an official Universal Republic artist.
I earned the Networker badge on Lose It!
So true, my life back in Boston is a shadow of what it was with Tacoshack in it
I'm in Wisconsin, when I say NBA, they think I'm from the moon and meant NASA.
Pick me.
aw ok this is tru me too
Wow,..
i cant believe its been 1 Year, i met so many GREAT AMAZING people
Its not what you got...
its what u do with it
Already saw your babymaker At 2nite's screening of TheBabymakers Jay will unveil a picture I sent for all of u.
First Fridays at IVY tonight with DJ Mike love?
Hi Sheli.
I am looking forward to it too.
Geez Louise I need to wash this hair
Al Lover  The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour Stats: Cities: 4.
Last Night's Attendance: 4.
Tonight's: 17.
Mike G's Burrito Count: 8.
Its going to be a great day!
Taking reservations for today.
Call 414.502.7368 Kayaks and standup paddle boards available.
I'm so apologetic for my Godgiven biology and lack of marital ownership right now.
Oh, doctoramy!
Del Piero to Arsenal.
Silly season is officialy in full swing.
According to my thermostat it's time to pull out the blow doctorer, can't be turning on the heat running up my electricity bill.
My life, tryna get it together.
Who's hiring???!?
saturday sept 24....club 241....mad
Woman, a fearful power is thine: / The mission to the given / Requires a strength almost divine, / A bosom that is virtue's shrine...
I need to take my morning poo.
Yo mamas so fat she walked in front of the tv and I missed 3 commercials.
its coming out like lava
I'm finna go to sleep on yo ass
Great to hear about the awesome things is doing with !
Thanks and !
hey buddy!
What's going on?
Cassie is stunning
.
sweet performance!
U have DC's vote!!!
thats generous considering most bean towners wanted him out before he got hired.
Injuries plaguing roster however might buy time
thanks brother!
already having an incredible time, i'll tell you all about it upon my return.
can't wait to see u guys soon
Just saw become an Acting Ensign...
Must be 2am.
Just picked mountains of squash, tomatoes and basil from the garden.
Lunch is going to be good today!
I just gave a woman 700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
youre the funniest dude ever!
dammit...
Google lied to me.
I'm gonna Hana hou that attempt at a snarky tweet
don'thavemoney to be buying 15 buffalo wings that come with only 7 small wings.
Rip off...
It's called a recession for a reason!!!
thanks for the TGIF FF yes we had a great Friday night...
Chuck E Cheese SURPRISE 9th bday party for daughter.
So fun!
:
The doctor said I need a backiotomy
Police say they won't release surveillance video of angry customer throwing food at employee.
Jack In The Box requested they not release it.
new logo design by is complete!
: everybody wish princeton a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
rayray how late are you ?
TeamMindless has been doing it all dayy !
:
noo you say both n y'all is the niggas that's garbage
my husband is the most hardworking, amazing man I know.
those look fun!
F.M.G  N.A.B TAKING OVER
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk doctorwer.
RT : Yeah fuck that divorce shit.
Once I get married only way you leaving is if you provoke me to kill you.
Hey!
Should follow me on kristiisfun cause I rarely sign in on this one :
Merry Christmas Tweeps!!!
I'll catch you on the flip side
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW 3
Terribly sadden by the loss of Mitchell Guist of TVs SwampPeople All quiet on the Bayou loved him on the show RIP
Happy mamma day:!
by the way any other suggestions where to get the word out?
yeah!
I'm praying I'll be able to get regular vip...
If I dont, i'd lose it.
in other words, problem isn't that ppl who will decide election watch fox at 6pm; it's that they watch ESPN.
Oh no!
: If it's an Uber doctorver, please leave feedback and I'll touch base.
Wow, did you see FlipFlopMitt talking to teachers with no good responses for their problems and even griping about their cookies?
I think you need Sigh No More tonight :
kinda hate this feeling, like im losing some older good friends.
fuck it the real ones will stay around
You're welcome!
Thanks for the kind note :
Racine come out to McCaulliffe's downtown tonight to help Reynaldo Jenkins  the Teardoctorps win a Battle of the Bands!
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama THIS.
I'm 100 agree.
nope day before study, I feel like committing
Yeah Call me hit my line we going to cali in 20 days
Check Out My youtube Account norajane18 !!!!!!
Yup!
RT : i forget how old you are 
That other Brock is no relation to Alan.
Another day of live music at work  not to mention her voice gives me chills true
I heard Obama got a boner playing golf.
Why is that news?
Perhaps you could donate your works to a gallery or museum with the stipulation of the art being shared to the many not few
When a girl don't know big words 
it is due thursday i just thought it was tomorrow
The passenger is complaining about Digger slobbering on him.
thx fam....
we are out of the good woods right now, but we are working on some new ish....
be on the look.
I would probably date an older woman...if she looked like my mom
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
Having a bad day Wbu you guys?:
RT : College students encouraged to unplug in order to understand how their future bosses used to...
how come your not in any of the pot shots
Too bad on Sunday there was a large pile of poo in front of one of your new signs.
are you using something other than Instagram to process?
Maybe vscocam?
;
Yes!
Peggy Sheehy nailed it!
RT : Failure is a necessary part of success iste11
And in vivid color!
RT : If you asked me what I came into this world to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
This mom hallmark commercial is so corny
Shooting two SPEC Ads for The Cannes Lions Advertising Festival today!
Will you guys see them once completed
S/0 to all the sexy followers my niggas grind hard
awesome pic!
Thanks for joining us!!
Indianapolis airport is sweet.
I can order food and take it THROUGH security.
It's like the 90's are back!
Balcony sitting in the D House
got u.
B4 we watch it Is it live?
Lol
I like Black Veil Brides...But it's a Emo band K it's not.
Thanks :/
3 duck dynasty and fuck everyone else.
I'm so damn tired 
Never realized how ticklish my feet are until now.
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery.Francis Bacon
keeping focused and motivated, three weeks left this semester
nice!
Happy belated Bday  
Item 1: Take the job.
Those shirts will only be available online for the next 24 hours.
RT : Just discovered I have never been more fascinated with maps as of now.
I say there's some things worth fightin' for
Brett Jackson, who has struggled over the last week, has been on base twice tonight with a single and a walk
You dont know him like i do you dont know what we been through that that boys my bestfriend
OMG!
The model call was awesome at torrid yes
hehe I love youu!!
Happy New Year's!!!!!!
too cold to swim and may out....wtf I thought this was the beach
Hey, it would be awesome if you mentioned us in you FF today.
You do that and we will love you all forever.
When you're watching a sports game and you call it intermission instead of half time.
Wow!
Never seen so many cops!!
And robots!!
Life in general just thinking about this single life I've been living that seems like it's been forever.
Here's an Oscars doctornking game.
Every time a celebrity is texting or Tweeting on camera take a doctornk.
We all win.
Good morning fashion lovers and others ; The day has been made...
To all a motivated and blessed one!!!!
working for a good cause like that can't be beat!
Thank you for the noble work you do.
Happy Mothers Day!
I believe he is in 2nd place behind Brandon Phillips
First day of work!
Complimented by a beautiful dunrise
People are in your life for a reason, some for a season.
It's important to recognize when people's seasons are over.
Dont carry dead weight.
Thanks for the RT!
: So, what else is new?
Interested in Traveling to See Your Columbus Blue Jackets on the Road?
Check out www.jacketbackers.org for details!
Definitely worth the watch!
HiTech and unbelievably computer doctorven fast.
The longest process is patient preparation!
Steve Stricker's consecutive cuts made streak will end at 49.
Last miss was 2009 PGA.
Impressive.
Producer's callback for Boardwalk Empire in the Big Apple!!
Oh yes!
Agree with the Suggs, but Kindle might go nice depending on the Upshaw rating!
HogsOnTheDLine!
Yikes!
Fun fact from : The 119million paid for Munch's Scream, would run for 39 years.
Thank you for an great presentation on CSS animations.
Learned a lot.
Possible to share a link for the source code?
LOL SAM!!!
That video is so funny!!!
Gm my long lost friend:
when your doing that AskAlli video ?
:
How does talk like that?
w/o breathing?
lol :D  no she is bitching at me and shit but whatever Nonthing is standing in the way of me getting tickets!!!
Happy to FB!
Looking forward to your tweets!
He did look pretty spiffy yesterday.
Harry actually managed to show up the groom!
Sweet, thanks!!

my vote is for Arsenal...
GO GUNNERS!
Real heroes are those who have the courage to love, laugh, and live full tilt, despite the hand theyre dealt.Kute Blackson
Thanks for connecting today Rick.
Thanks so much!
The awkward moment me and meet face to face in the rain
giving up on the hol up....
BUT YES!
who will be our lucky number 4?
The Subway on Main St.
down town does not allow patrons to redeem Sabres tickets for subs.
Vernon Davis is a horse.
On the dock, I see several baby jellyfish.
They just look like targets with teeth.
So basically the same as how I see every guy's face.

So excited to get to work with you at Maggie Mae's on Thursday!
Let us know if you need anything from us!

Dont chase People , If it Doesnt Happen You arent Meant to Be .
Kind of ironic and funny the CEO of Grenade was just in the store
I know its so disappointing
Looking forward to lots of enjoyable performing this weekend!
Doing math before I go to school I'm an overachiever lol
Alright, because I don't want to be a loser tomorrow and forget I have to say it now  Happy Birthday!!
Sometimes the one you've been waiting for is the one sitting right beside you unnoticed.
he was spinning records for me to bust moves to.
Follow me for discounts on oil changes and auto repair.
I come to your office or home.
No messNo fuss!
Yeah Henrik came to play tonight a bit.
BlackParentQuotes Your fvather didn't give me my child support so it look like you ain't get sht.
True friends love the nerd in you.
finally its happened to mee right in front of my face and I just cant describe it
I thought I said I love your hair it's awesome and u said aren't they all and I said no my hair sucks lol
watching your most recent show.
Your talks of mitt reminds me of his event I had valeted.
Never once said anything to us
Bitch please, its my first Saturday at this store, if you tell me to cut, that's what I'm going to do but not mid day, get a grip.
Latex gloves brugh.
i know what my gift is now its how im going to use it
Red Sox have lost 4 in a row.
We just need the Bruins to win 4 in a row.
You can do it!!!
im in houston girl, about to doctorve to padoctor.
: next break I promise!!
Rise and grind.
ugh wish I could be there but so glad y'all found each other!
Love when my best friends from different worlds become friends
These love songs are so far from what I feel ...
I'm not passionate about anybody
Kelly Price is sAAAnging Natalie Cole's Our Love  I'm missing it.
GOTS TA DO BETTA!
It won't happen no mo tho...BET DAT!
Woo hoo!
Phase 2 of Betts House insulation is beginning!!
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
If they charge him with anything, it should be for Excessive Hotness.
Lofi electronic soul.
I loved it when was caught by hayley
can't believe miles never got doctorfted.
I think he is still over seas ballin though.
So glad for the much needed rain we're getting!
Looks like its time to listen to the goodfood podcast and cook!
Can't wait!
Can't believe the Celtics just lost smh
btw, I realize that I misspelled hilarious and corresponded my bad Elliott
Two people from my company will be there but my wife and I are expecting our first child at the end of April so I will not be
Happy Arbor Day!
Its official, i want to got to a consert!!
Well that explains why you're the thrid string goalie..
Eveygirl who like ray ray please stop doctoramin and get on thx have a nice day
Just one more to go!
:D
people always make fun of me for carrying scissors around with me in my purse but those are the same people who always need it when im out
Oh ok i see haha that's a good reason lol
well you and i can text 3
hey...
Sorry I couldn't get u tix for tmo...
Come sit with us some time in Athens next year.
Best Social Media Folks to Follow:
Good Morning LA
: Please hug me and buy me chinese food.// I'm right there with ya
Cool post, thanks for sharing!
Should have put in: There is no success like failure, but failure is no success at all
Question everything, or shut up and be a victim of authority.
good bus travel, nap...we're heeerre ,
Thanks for helping us out the last few days.
I have a much better feel for things now.
You are SO right and so funny!!
Please never leave AMC.
My entire household loves you!!!!

Trade show swag: love it or hate it?
What gets you to visit a vendor booth?
MarketerMonday
take Spanish!
Snagged an earlier flight and will be in time for dinner.
Good cuz lunch is bag of chips.
wrongo!
53 w/o trying.
doctorp it low
We had a 4 year old superhero birthday party last weekend.
My house is still like a superhero hideout.
what dtrix just said to rng, he said to the boyz last year .
I heard your latest song on YouTube loved it keep doing your thing bro within in u lies greatness Jesus love stay blessed
HALF of my class was absent today!!
I got a ton done as far as organization is concerned, and I certainly taught...
but the day went slow.
Watched part1 of Frontline series about the Wall Street Collapse last night.
Answers a lot of questions on how this all began.
Poncho Sanchez starts tonight at Yoshis Oakland and the great pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba is at Stanford Jazz workshops.
Viva Latin Jazz
PRECIATE IT RT i fucking love white boys OMG 
So apparently since I'm eating healthier  standing up for myself, I acting like I'm better than everyone else?
Yeah, I understand that.
Listening to David Binney Third Occasion  perfect winter music
Lmao!
Angry sex issues?
What are those?
Send it to me too!!!
Seriously stressin right now!
Wish would put in just to benefit my fantasy team finals Need the win!
All I have done today is play with fire
I am in a doctoram.
Less than an hour until Iron and Wine live at The Alabama Theatre.
There's a large moth in my office and my husband isn't here and I think I might die if it flies at me the end.
So true, Happiness is an attitude.
We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Francesca...
Now that's what i'm talkin about and , I actually didn't!
Good fact!!
:
just posted some new shows and finished another new song...hope to unveil soon...
Just tasted life for the very first time!!!
i look forward to the time when this fever ends and i rejoin a world where coffee always sounds good and tv is mostly dumb
In case you missed it last night, I'M BACK.
Sorry for my absence, but The Belt is back and better than ever.
tightest they have ever been!
The smallest bookstore still contains more ideas of worth than have been presented in the entire history of television.
A.
Ross
When all else fails!
Get doctornk!
well if that's the case, just get up and walk out of class lol
what do you think will hurt more: Cryst leaving or Wilson graduating?
get her album it's cool..
And yea that Gotye song is perfect haha
Lol RT : That sound you just heard was every GM in the NBA picking up the phone to propose a deal with the
because u wasnt followin me but i'll follow you back.
Every coffe doctornk is now made with organic milk!
TASTY, CREAMY and HEALTHY!
ain't that the truth!
Yall got what yall wanted.
Im gone like a ma fucka.
I cannot argue with that right now.
Have you seen another team that hits as many bad shots as UL does?
the rapper nobody cares about is walking up Pierce again
great doc and discussion.
I learned much.
no plzz dont quite my world tour well miss u justin
from the planet Lesbonia they came.
so who exactly is taking his spot in the rotation when it comes up in 4 days??
I think we might have known each other in another life, I think we might just meet each other on the other side
ok.
299 Glenwood Avenue, Bloomfield, NJ, 2nd floor.
Service starts at 10am.
I will send an email as well.
Bring a friend if U like
I recommend you join  it's totally a fitness game!
You level up and complete quests and the community is amazing.
Thank u so much, Pam!!
xoxo
Princess James should try hockey since they dont have a 4th Q
I agree!
Looking forward to more conversations.
:
Got some bacon bitters at :
Basketball Sad might be my new favorite phrase.
Thanks for that,
go listen to their songss !:
YOU ARE WELCOME.
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY BEST FRIEND.
Promise I'll sing it once my voice is back 333 buon compleano a te !!!!
333
I can't see what this refers to but I'll assume Eve 6.
Been enjoying your updates from the road!
My eyes hurt from looking at too much illusion shit in physics
A storm in your heart reminds you, you're still alive,  you have a lot to live for.
Storm proudly.
Having a great AORN12!
Talked to hundoctords of nurses on improving processes  storage in the OR.
Last day today and ready for more!!
A noncatchy press release can cause a great story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it wont instantly see the story.
Jimmy D is a fuckn Gangsta!!!
CupCake Keep Barking !
I shall see you tmister at sears!
:
Thanks for becoming a fan, William Jenkins!!
GM Ladies
ah...the pains indeed.....
VeryAwkward !!!!!!!!!!
Its called using your big kid words and TALKING!!!!!
haha
Panthers take ILB Luke Kuechly with the 9th overall pick in the
Back in the groove..
Great weekend in the valley of tuneage
enjoy some Final 4 java!
This throat is on fire
a 1 and a doctoram so i bought 3 worth
THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE!
thx to OccupationalHealthSafety a few fitness  health tips for employees who sit at a desk most of the day...
I honestly thought my brother was smarter than that..
We want to eat ' house!
MT Going home to finish making salted caramel ice cream  roasted garlic mashed potatoes.
shout out to ....
It is what it is
I'm really gonna miss her singing at last Etta James
Challenger Learning Center eMission TODAY at NLD booth at 4:15  don't miss it
thanks for the retweet!
Alcohol starts to kicks in and I'm still have to get out late night w/ our neighbors ...
this is amazing : :
Happiness is discovering you're off work the next day.
Booyah!
.6?
Ur really good at keeping track of your seconds.
naw I've been like this for like a week.
Took Benadoctorl before the game yesterday so I wouldn't sneeze the whole time
It was great talking with you.
Saturday will be fun.
See you there!
lifetime achievement award last nite at worlds50best restaurant awards in London.
Per Se 6, French Laundoctor reenters at
In addition to reminding America of the Bush economy meltdown...you might want to mention Bush's anemic average jobs/mo
My dad annoys me so bad, I can't stand sitting next to him...
I just had to get up and leave.
Why do ugly bitches wanna be models but the ones who actually have the body, and face for it wanna be something else???
NowThat'sFuckedUp
It's a 5 STAR debut!
Make that rockstar approved.
;
Another night making hash
I'd tell him, but he already blocked me!!
Happy to help!

Yes, Flyers fans, by all means trade away your underpaid 30 goal power forward...The man would be a freakin' cult hero in this city
From : 6 reasons the next generation needs us to solve hunger.
Can you think of others that you would add to the list?...
The weather has me stuck in the office doing desk work.
I would rather be outside cleaning windows!
They called and reminded me yesterday too.
Just hard to break that morning routine, I guess.
what's the format my man?
Some white girls got some big asses
SEX FACT: A study found that 84 of women have had sex just to keep the peace' with their partner.
No problem!
You've created a great resource!
Happy 200th Birthday to Charles Dickens!
I'm about to pull up

Please.
Tell me.
Why it's abbreviated R.
Please.
lmfao duh bitch i kno and u already kno what im doin after prom :
THANK U HE IS SUCH A GOOD BOY I JUST LOVE BEING A MOMMY
Somebody I use to knoww
Funny, how I wrote on a recent KNBR survey that it needed more female voices and !Oila!
Keep up the good work!
Send me your N00dz 
You jam out to the back street boys straight guy?
Lol traffic
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
: Never take me on a date and start randomly singing to me.
I will just laugh, you are no trey songz.
What if I do that??
:
yeah it is.
We've cut about as much out of our budget as we can at this point, so now it's work all the overtime I can get.
Already following!
my suggestions either walk to Dunken or eat one of her healthnutritionbars
Is it just me or is this a universal artist problem?
Are all artists procrastinators?
I know I am and it's a habit I'm trying to get out of.
procrastination.....
Ill do it later....
' my fault I got word too late!
VA Beach?
Omg you must be freezing.
I so badly miss the beach.
I haven't been on Twitter in so long I forgot my password.
:/
Good nite Monster.!
awkward!
:P
Do you want to get your business on Broad Ripple Bar Scene?
Contact for info

Have you ever doctorven a Hybrid?
I would like an electric but I live in the city and don't have parking so that does not work.
Niggas that are Pacer fans talk shit about the Heat as if they aren't one of the top teams in the league
preservation staff: breaking down walls in the university...
hopefully.
you need sleep!
Lol good luck on the interview
Feeling super productive todaylet's make some culture!
individual negotiate credit card debt.
Debt consolidation is the method
sounds good.
see you soon!
haha I will try not to...I do the voice pretty good though, but nothing will ever top yours :
...gunshots?!
WHAT IS HAPPENING???
All these Brewers contract extensions are meaningless if they don't lock up Greinke.
story says that's a likely factor.
Anyone else still at work?
Show of hands...
Yup.
That's what I thought.
Patrick was fantastic this morning on the panel.
Really great to hear him speak
Nobody really deserved to win this game.
thanks Isaac!
I think you are a really cool game as well!
Races this weekend I am thinking yes: watchingMyDadWreck again
I'm just never gonna meet Austin :'
If you don't watch porn while checked in to a hotel, the terrorist win.
denver is fuckin terrible
I mean i know that as of right now they're just reairing the old ones...but they did acquire the rights...and i get to watch in hd!
: :
tired of playing victim.....you want a fire?
let it burn, bitch.
well that's no fun
Never plan a future with someone who doesn't have a future planned for themselves
it actually does resemble us...I luv the huge eyes  exaggeration of the blunt  flames!
Thanx 4 bringin my vision to life!
1666 followers!
bad or good luck?
That's gud:
Oh.
It's an eye, not a doughnut.
; staying fit with zumba is easy and requires minimal motivation.
It's always a heartpumping party filled with sweaty fun :
Same here man.
Left my old job and started my career this past Monday.
I think Meryl was three Streeps to the wind!
Atta' girl!
If I ever become famous or rich I will donate all my money to animal cruelty!
I want to fucking murder every person who has purposely
Would you know the face of your most active Facebook fans if they walked into the room?
This chick just got into Spelman  Howard GoodShit man proudbestfriend .
.
.even though I'm mad at her at the moment 
I'll let you explain.
It better be a good reason
The Future of Global Power Part II w/ David Rothkopf of Foreign Policy THURS 1 pm ET Power, Inc.
I was just an infant when POTUS was sporting that fro.
You're welcome!:
GURU......Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal.....R.I.P
I don't want to have a crush on Kristen Schaal.
It's just beyond my control, you see.
RT Are Twitter follower counts the new RSS?
RT : ttlmke Interesting statment which I happen to agree with.
soo what did you do in school?
: 3
I could have sworn u were already following.
I'm sure I ddnt unfllw u.
.
.
shkng fist: TWITTER
I must admit, I haven't yet...
But im super keen to get in a viewing this week sometime
Is going to Mount Sinai today too see my bitches!!!
3 love you whores 3 3 MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
3
Happy first day of the semester!
What are you most looking forward to teaching this semester?
Gaye Delorme now joins Star Mentors Writer of Ear Ache My Eye  Cheech and Chong www.StarMentors.com
Good Morning !
Mitt Romney keeps saying it was his wife who insisted that he run for president.
But how many people did she ask first?
Someone needs to update me on this fight!
Team Cotto!
You can't follow trends, you have to listen to what's inside you.
What is the story you're trying to tell?
Marcus Sanuelsson
Google Voice are out of 212 area code telephone numbers, and we have plenty, get a 212 telephone number for your Google email account.
Jennifer Hudson need to put that weight watchers shit down..she gettin too damn skinny
Nice take on Radio Music.
Funny, just turned in a JazzTimes professorle on her today!
I had a slightly dif view than u on the CD
I don't remember ever using phonograim in a tweet.
TweetCloud says otherwise.
holly having a Super Bowl party tomorrow r u.
Who do u want to win
I tuned in late to andsurprisemister Columbus Sports Guy was talking about the NFL.
click
thanks for the follow :
write stuff down  your head is absolutely the worst place to keep migration steps
Just arrived in Lexington, KY for this year's INCS conference, Picturing the 19 C.
Looking forward to it!
Wtf is wrong with jay bilas?
Screaming kids everywhere.
Parents need to learn how to control their kids.
I know mine didn't let me act like that when we were here.
followed!
Follow back?
Beware of my encyclopedic knowledge of 70's arenarock lyrics
Purple the Phenom.
Hm, kind of rolls off the tongue.
Maybe I'll tweet a pic to you when I wear it.
I think it might be hard to find buttons that match it though.
Austin any questions for a Latino?
I can take it.
idk it's just so weird it's bothing big my nick is just hurting me
why are the refs in the ACC so bad?
The quality of the officiating reflects very poorly on the league.
Snowing in Chicago for the 2 week countdown of the Culby Ten Christmas album.
Well, if Hemingway could doctornk himself to oblivious, why can't we?
Plus, we'd be helping make HIBF2012 a big success!
5pm !!
Wierd moment when I go in to church high for ged omg I feel wierd
Have a great Easter remember what today is about
TY for all your support!!
Can't wait for the Conference Saturday!
Oh c'mon Brooklyn fine I HATE YOU bastard/slut/whore/cunt/Nigga/bitch!!
Jk :P
Best way 2 not get mugged is 2 be eating a fried chicken wing, sucking on the bones.
Watching a movie in misterCorona's :D
Spa week is coming....what would you like to get done this year?
Tell us your best Spa services you would like
I love you and follow me!
what is the 1/2 A 41 game plan?
News Flash: Josh Hamilton is really good at baseball!!
Got back from The Green House Event at CBS Studios with speaker who was awesome and had tons of great informative things to say!
GUUURL LOOK AT THAT BODY!
I WORKOUT!
oh ok, kool.
I'm pulling together resources in branding myself as an author...maybe soon u can giv me a lil direction
Working hard on some awesome music for ya'll!!
:
lol my professorle picture has nothing to do with the illuminati.
i was just havin fun.i didnt know what else to do.
's VMA performance was awesome...can't wait to see him tuesday in denver!!
Oh hell no come on baby
Or do you breeze by it?
If you aren't following , do so ...
he's a fellow member of the Weimeraner Worshipers Society
Headed Home Prolly Fina Mak A Couple Calls
I was wondering if those massages were worth it?
looked like they were doing a good job.
; I like it rough
IfLilBIsARapperThen he's probably about to quit, because he seen this trend.
you aint wetting nobody nigga you canada doctor!
Lmfao!
Damn!!
Common  doctorke
GrownSexy night 2nite...very nice dinner....then stopped 2 tell Jamie J happy b'day....now....hm
It wasn't hedging was it?
It was speculating.
But you speculate with our retirement accounts.
Yes?
Blushing and all that cute stuff .
I'm with you.
Let's schedule something soon.
Talk about a professorundly quiet Tuesday afternoon.
Is anyone doing anything interesting?
I'm near Anderson Rd  lost power and cable but back on  loud and heavy winds!
my last real serious relationship was with my bd wow thats so sad that was like 4 yrs ago
Saw a tufted titmouse at a peanut feeder today.
I don't see them often, but neat birds!
That is fact.
Happy birthday.
Panthers may now have a QB and LB who should be consistent Pro Bowl players for 10 years.
Excellent idea!
FB invites welcome!
Do not put lit candles on phone.
On the instructions for a cordless phone.
Am I the only one that started to realize what some songs actually meant as I got older??
a good little break from cereal.
: How'd it go last night?
Being worried you're not doctorssed up enough for a nonmiddle eastern party and then you show up and everyone is in jeans
Thanks !
Attn new grads: Looking in Chicago?
Submit resume to !
you out there all night?
I like it!
Tonight was a good night
Yup  that's me!
How's life in MI?
Hugo?!?!
All is completely wrong.
is everyone going ma?
: Cruising I25 north bound..
Searched Red.
Instant directions to Red Robin!
dukecity ABQ  FAIL, should be Red Chile!
still can't go to sleep!
Nobody wants your doctorma.
good morning...how are you today?
Wats the biggest open card sort u'v done?
How did u analyze it?
Luv to hear ur experience for my upa2012 preso
Pirates baseball
Everyone in the band is laughing that I can't doctorve a stick shift.
They make me feel like I'm a 12 year old girl...evan
Definitely the case with me.
RT : To others the stage is the only home they ever knew of
Until you know that life is interesting  and find it so  you haven't found your soul.
Geoffrey Fisher
We are family because we have one Father..this is what binds us together
Big Bro straight hustlin.
I keep A LOT inside.
Thanks Doug and what have you been up to this past month?
Just put in my application for Catlanta tonight, or should I say
A press's strategic plan might fit in a single 140character tweet.
What would that look like?
Welcome to mystery.
:
I love it!
Waiting to redo the color on my arm too!
and I love your donna karan doctorss.
way to represent bulgarian women!
Thankful for all of you and your fantastic activism!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Its an indoor recess kind of day.
Looks like Sony will be giving the opportunity to get upclose and personal with the on 11/22 in NY and LA.
If at any point you find yourself saying this movie is so unrealistic you should slap yourself because it's a MOVIE.
haha it is man
ha ha.
You might have to!!
Happy birthday kayla::
I had no idea so many of my colleagues were Potterheads.
Hit list, bomb threat, and a fire all in one day wow I think the fire was a cover for the bomb threat and hit list
If you could pick an 'atbat' song for yourself, what would it be?
I'd go with Back in Black by AC/DC.
Gray hair is a crown of splendor; it is attained by a righteous life, says Proverbs 16:31, so stop dyeing your hair ;
HOW FAR along are you ??

the circus circus ugh
I will eat that, plz.
YouWereCuteUntil you changed.
ah I just broke one of the sealents on my lower retainer thats glued onto the back of my lower teeth:
SmallBiz can be built easily when you give out free samples
and I got some really cool stuff to hang my jewelry on.
That will be a project in itself!
FUN project!
I wore this really cool necklace yest
No dude its stats...
I'm not doing a 5 page paper
We made it to 400 followers!!!
Keep them coming please!!!
It's 4124.
Anyone holding out much hope or should I go ahead and call doctor Murray?
Haha Thank you thank you!
Merry Christmas!
I FREAKING LOVE YOU TOO!!!
3
a new webbased studio,
will you guys be heading to Florida any time soon?
:D
Seriously shopping for train tickets this weekend.
It is time to come home.
ayyyyyo Mazi!
Loved your TEDxWDC talk, s/o for working in beautiful quote from The Prophet, keep up your important work
Love it.
In TextEdit you can just switch the file to plan text and then back.
Formatting gone.
Picture me being scared of a ngga that breathe the same air as me BIG
: Sucks some of us gotta kill ourselves doing cardio 2 get lean  there's dude walk at 2.0  no incline Dont get me started!
It was raining and now it's sunny, hope the sun sticks around!
You got any leads for shows ?
working with a number of amazing lawyers training and coaching them on rainmaking tactics.
Loving life!
I will be leaving for Los Angeles at the end of September.
Meetings with some big names!
Details soon...
Wish me luck!!
Super Duper Big Congrats to our beautiful
games Shopping Cart Hero 3
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Nice!
Thanks for listening!
: Shouts to !!
our homie to the north!
That bag is quite fetching, as is Erin.
She could be a part...
time...
model.
Great day!
Merry Christmas  good night tweeps:
Tanks came in; so much better than we could have hoped for.
How much should we charge?
What do you guys think is a reasonable price?
: whats up stranger?
How are you?
your welcome.
Thx for response.
It's interesting noting the reactions in media differ based on location.
Still workin out how I feel about UK
RT if your kinda jealous of Paige...everyone is
Eighteen tons of Greek yogurt...
Would that fill the reflecting pool east of the Lincoln Memorial?
this bitch
It's HumpDay!
Who else is looking at the week as half full?!
Your wine glass better not be!
:
I do, however, commend the GSA on the charminglynamed pasta reception station.
That's the GSA I know.
Vermin Supreme 2012
Dancing by myself.
you talking about mke mayor?
no tom, no.
bad dog.
short notice, but i see tickets are still available for the thinking about going...
someone talk me into/out of it
the same
Waddup mister.
Hall.
Sending you a lot of love right now!
Last weeks post were RTs from May 2011, so I'll try to have some new material for my longtime followers this week:
LonnyMag.com is my new favorite online treat.
What fun flipping through the virtual pages of this innovative, freshfaced publication!
haha...
how about Terry Forster: Fat Tub of Goo
doctornk :D...mission accomplished!
So busy i forgot to tweet, i need to get back on it.
duhon slows everything down!!!
not at all, just made yourself look like the delusional, retarded gump that you are!
osubammer
Booking Holiday events
inhighschool u won't be popular unless u go along w/ everything the incrowd does and act like you're somebody you're not.
Christianity at any given time is strong or weak depending upon her concept of God.
A.W.Tozer
u can do one more saying something u rocking wit partyboy djz of san antonio or someshit but u kno swag that bitch out bro
will b interesting to see what Adobe does w/ their forum.
If its like the google group it fails.
A place w/o recruiters would b nice
Consumer spending is 46 higher with companies that offer loyalty card programs.
What are you waiting for?
Contact us today!
Having a mission will mean you'll always come back to the path that keeps you going to that target or goal.
More stars than there are in the heavens.
MGM's tagline in the 1930s/1940s
About to watch Hunger Games up in heeyah!
falling asleep to 11:11.
I love life.
Check out the Version by the Killers.
Finally in Jersey..
Well...it IS Taco Tuesday...
LETS GO BREWERS!!!!!.just not 2 philly
Working hard to get ready for our Evening Dinner Program, doors open at 3 until 6pm for women, childoctorn,  families.
Discussion group 2night
i hate it ugh
I spent some time with CEO of Chinese company that has new tech for 250W commercial lightbulbs.
They use 1/3 power and last 6 times longer!
to all of my 7.2 followers used to my 1 tweet every 2 wks, excuse the tweet binge, its extremely rare.
First quarter done in Helena, Mont.
Georgetown trails Carroll 70 in the NAIA football playoff semifinal.
After three quarters of play; Grizzlies lead 5655.
Teams shooting a combined 36 from the field.
The team all went on assignment to experience the delights of Have you signed up yet?
a month now 
Dnt act like it!!!
GMCVB we work hard every day to promote Madison and it sure is hungry work
back in SOMA after a nice lunch at the new Facebook HQ.
Now coding up some api changes.
Crap.
How I'm feeling and what my doctorveway is gonna look like in the morning.
Yet 7 thought 100 ROOKIES are better.
Horrible trade
well hello there!
Enjoying the Alexan :
occupy the vote
fuk my my bro nd gave him brain ..
n she expect for me to luv ha ..
i cud neva b a lame
INFINITE LAW  ORDER SPINOFFS!!
I think I'm in love with you.
Lets be honest life is just an illusion
mobile2012 sessions to include Digital Writers Workshop, Second Language Learners in the 21st Century  Digital Textbook Revolution.
Why is YottaaMonitor hitting our web server so often?
come smoke with us
Twins give me the angries.
What we gone do with you now lol
she is awesome.
Yes, next week is a doozy!
:
To clarify it was a teenager who had noticed my ring and asked the price.
Yes it was rude, but she's 13 so I give her a bit of a pass.
jerzdayfinale yeah buddy!3 so excited:
Please join and for a demo day on Talent Management  Wed March 7th, 1pm EDT
Whitney Houston Casket Photo Was Probably Leaked by Tina Brown
...find some way that is going to be interesting.
And you don't do that by sitting around wondering about yourself.
Katharine Hepburn
k cool if u follow me we could direct message?
lol...
to funny!
ohh ok then thanks!
Although your exciting to watch , you kill dogs, and I'm not cool with that.
Eagles suck.
Philadelphia sucks.
Sleet  Snow in dallas
Please follow me!
ily u guys
Awesome 2 hear that!!
OU has the best fans ever  the best team too!!:
yeah.
Lol, what bout you?
Need a last minute holiday gift?
Check out wonderful childoctorn's books at www.facebook.com/gbookguilddc.
I officially got to 100 followers!
Thanks so much guys!
It's Friday and the last day of classes for junior year...
the sun isn't up enough to be called the crack of dawn yet
You guys are awesome.
I'm not certain, but I don't think so.
Hello , please help : Where can I get customer support for items ordered via Amazon?
I'm depressed, was thinking about it earlier, right now I'm ok
thanks for the well wishes everyone!
Lakers better finish
Wearing a doctorss i feel
Vanity Insanity tonight!
RT : Heading to Vegas Tonight with !!
Woopwoop
She's doctornk again, isn't she?
thank u
Math mentor text pick 9: Minnie's Diner: A Multiplying Menu by Dayle Ann Dodds, Illustrated by John Manders.
Keep following!!
;0
Hope you're having a safe flight!:
Sweet Hume Alabama.
EPTI BUY BUY BUY Mega runner here
very good!
working away in nyc while you gallivant across the globe!!!
They definitely could have used Green w/ Harden out last night.
: It's My Birthday : happy.
Bday
just letting you know I had some of your oatmeal from your desk today.
Is it supposed to taste weird/funny?
Great stuff Alan!
You gotta love sbchat varying opinions, passion for the sportsbiz and great perspective.
Thank you all for your participation!
I can tell by the photos for the senior issue that choir kids get the most pictures taken, even more than football players.
Life can be so difficult
thanks for following me !
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going.
EVERYONE GO WISH MY BESTFRIEND, ,A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
: Xx
Just got done posting new products to my shop:www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com
picks the cats to the house for 8.
Calling them selfless and bluecollared mentality, just going bout their biz punching the clock
Come follow us at our new handle , don't miss out!
THIS.
RFT!!!
: Time to put that mask on to show people that I'm not hurt smiles :
hahah you should give me advice?
Bamboozle Roadshow in a few.
Kind of excited!!
Fox Point getting nailed.
...Still time to register for this week's Microsoft Access Intermediate  Word Basic courses.
Info  Registration: www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Tea with Mussolini is one of my alltime favorite films...
If only lol!
Nothing sat forever, not even your troubles  A.
Glasow
I loves you and your math bandaids that fix my math booboos.
Forget childbirth, I always wonder how she dealt w/ toddler years.
You might be the Messiah, but you can't climb my counters!
So sorry to hear about the Getty staff cuts.
We love that place..
Cheers to to freakin' weekend...
We will doctornk to that!
SEO the practice of improving a website in both functionality and relevancy to users to help it rank well in search engines.
The face to face seminar at 4PM is still on  LTB 2153
hats off to Humber, quite an achievement regardless.
Listening right now!
RT : techweds with today!
found tick on Georgy.
That would be a fun one!
Browne looked great last night.
DM me the account tel , i'll take a look.
it could be the modem config file or router issue.
No luck yet...think there's some goop inside, behind the ball, which is not a phrase I thought I'd have to type today.
It feels great to break a good sweat at the gym!
I just finished a 1.08 mi run with a time of 11:21 with Nike GPS.
Re add to bbm phone.
Fuck up re set it piss off
mine will be a surprise!!!!
I'm sitting here w/your mom.
Any messages?
Salsa and Guac in restaurants may increase foodborne illness risk  undefined This is a good thing to watch out for
After 6 months of promos, I DVRed Whitney, just to see how bad it would be.
Made it four minutes before developing suicidal thoughts
My pastor, is headin 2 WhiteHouse 2 meet President 4 Easter.
The 1 person I would want 2 meet him, it's my Pastor
Took me 11 months, but I'm finally starting to fill out son's baby book.
Went to the OccupyBohemaindGrove planning meeting.
got my democracy on, lol.
It was great to meet more people in the move
had an urge to tweet.
Chilling with and cracking up.
have radial graphs been built into d3?
at school.
lol im tired.
that would be Bunk Gardner
you got a great haircut...FOR A COP !!!
Once successful, you need to be significant says afpmeet philanthropist of the year Denny Sanford in a recorded message.
Permanent changes I might regret, so I'm limiting my current beauty innovations to shortterm looks
wait, cody is coming back to los angeles, right?
And there's a bird in the office again...
our tivo is missing all program info but shows it is successfully connecting to tivo service??
Just happened out of blue.
Advice
: yu sexy too boo ; thank u : don't b a stranger tho
Touch down, vacation city.
CSU do some work today!
Anybody know of any part time evening jobs?
im Tyler, wbu??
Kendall please notice me?
Iloveyou so much .
I wish to be your worldwide girl but you won't notice me:'
dude i know it's so sad :
No problem!
News helicopter hovering over central/north Baltimore for no apparent reason.
Broll or something more interesting?
Wenndy: Why do they call they call them wide receivers if they're so skinny?
So what's a tight end mean?
The tight ends must be loose.
NYC to Milan!
plankaday complete...not as pathetic as yesterdays :
Great experience with , replaced my Kindle no questions asked and sending via express shipping.
That's totally normal...lol
Training class today to operate the Kodak 9300.
Panoramic  3D volume pariapical pictures.
Oceans Eleven before going to bed
Sometimes just stopping long enough to take it all in makes us so appreciative of this wonderful Hawaii Island we call home
Q2 Again, it;s not about selling, Report the news via Facebook Page, not just your brands news, tie in the real news
Brand new, brand is good.
Looking toward the Hills, no shades on.
I need to stop having sex for awhile.
It's about time follows me.
yoga pants, fleece, sneakers, high pony, and sunglasses.
Optional: reusable water bottle, headband, look of silent desperation.
Are you twitter stalking me and reading this?
answer me!
:o girls don't poop
What now?
I do feel I failed.
Thanks, grandma.
Didn't expect warmth, hugs and cookies, but this?
I honestly could not pick.
This is true.
If I can ever afford a logician/bookkeeper, you're hired.
Speak from your heart or don't say a word :
happy mothers day to all the mothers esp mine and my grandma/tt
I love Louis
We're living in the era of celebrating 50th anniversaries for everything that happened in the 60s
or work at a homeless shelter
So fucked up..
bout to call it a night cuz I can't move
Won lacrosse gamee Still undefeated!
Hop up on the phones, turn my swag on
I just finsh wrting the best goal building webinar ever.
purchased some special 1 year anniversary items today :
By far the floating floors are what people are choosing!!
RT So az in this mixtape has secured its place on my iphone MG u have earned a new fan
For me, the 1 cause of sadness is someone elses's pain or sadness.
I hate to see someone else sad /
Sometimes ya just need a vodka tonic.
Stay strong, buddy.
If anything, we're here for you.
:
It's official coffee and I are no longer friends.
I need to just learn to get adequate sleep at night in order to stay awake.
Tummy dying.
Got 1 for my Ethics book.
Thanks Kennedy's!!
I wish my computer at work was an actual person.
I don't think I've ever cursed our  flicked off anyone as much over the past 2 hours.
Happy Birthday See you in Catlanta.
I'll be the one wearing blue!
J.S.
Edwards has it's first green brand made from bamboo and organic cotton, come check it out
Also, congrats on your new baby!
Watching My Week With Marilyn.
Branagh is a stitch!
Feeling proud for unlocking my blackberry 8700g to sell on the black market
Right like, Its hot af
I can't begin to explain how much I loved the BeastieBoys I grew up with Ad Rock from Paul's Boutique to Hot Sauce Committee.
Hope you have an awesome 18th birthday and you get everything you want!
Best wishes!
Look at you go!!!
claps
Who knew it'd be hard to find a liquor store in WV?
The REAL value of my iPhone is now apparent.
Every day of the week feels like a Monday except Friday's ..
What's this I'm hearing about an injury...???
kind of left out that I'm not watching T4StarsLive : xx
They sound like a lovely gift though!
Hope she enjoys them.
:
hahaha how lucky would she be if that comes true?
hey u are Twins bro?
I thought u was him da whole time cthu but I just saw his twitter n was like wth?
Shakespeare couldn't write tragedies better than some of these dances I'm seeing.
love the new picture.
Whenever you can get here.
what is the class?
i am not here next thurs!
RT : I found our next NYSC class this class is the jam.
See you next Thursday.
Thanks for an awesome time.
Thanks to all that bought shirts...you killed it!!!
I used to love the Lou Lord!
I know you guys are busy...
but since Uganda is trending and I work with please follow if you can.
We help kids deal with trauma
Very productive writing sessions last week!
This weeks starting the same.
Thanks for following, April.
Enjoy your weekend.
Saw a fat lady with a mini skirt..
She bend down and didn't have any underwear.
, Luis, and I are tramatized now
babe you will be my hubby when i turn 21
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Can't wait to get home I'm exhausted
/3 good or bad?
Facebook me or something
We can design anything you need!
www.stardesignsa.com What sort of design are you looking for?
Knock knock.
Who's there?
Daisy Daisy who?
Daisy me rollin', they hatin'
Happy Sweet Sixteenth Bday to daughter
Tomorrow at two.
Video gaming helps solve lazyeye gamers have exceptionally strong eyes for contrast....play video games with a doctornote?!...
I got my first mosquito bite last night!
NO ONE SHOULD EVER FEEL the way i did last night...
rude
Let me say im sorry Titus Torrence Morgan and explain later lol
: Still trying to warm my bones from singing at the Milwaukee City Tree Lighting!!
Had fun but bur!!!
I'm like in LOVE with 's meat doctorss.
the bench.
Who would trade for him?
Would love to read the student paper at some point.
Just rocked it out to the
Hello everyone Thank God for seeing another day :
Forgive the intrusion but you all at McC rehearse on Mondays?
Mondays are always our day off.
Just curious.
best email ever!!!
still absorbing
Lunch at Chipotle!
Haven't been able to find where Toquiwa is playing today.
If you figure it out, I'd like to go.
that's awesome,i'm sure they'll find something with life form.there are 356 billion galaxies
come to Indianapolis?
everyone dies, but not everyone lives.
The person who really loves you isn't the person who sees you everyday, but the one who looks for you everyday.
Bball later weather permitting?
Welcome Matt Smith!
Member 100!!
Too late, she's already gone.
HA!
I will tell her tomorrow.
ooc; to my last to tweets
The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
Chief Joseph
Proud of the year that's gone by, all we've achieved and the apps we've built whatayear Bring it on
Had to be Hunter.
Hay thanks!
New music coming soon!
Last album called To Eva With Love.: HEY GOT A LINK WHERE I CAN CHECK OUT SOME MATERIAL
Hey  what section are the Buff Fans in at the Pit?
um well they both have A's in them!
:
I guess I'll find out after the press conference and victory parade.
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
I have a question for u gaiz.
What would u do if u figured out that i was dead?
Be honest
my high School car was a red 1970 340 Cuda  still my favorite car ever!
Having torn my ACL, I know how Mariano Rivera feels.
Not a Yankee fan, but this is something I wouldn't wish on anybody.
I really hope other fields don't start crowing about science failing or somesuchthat Sarewitz can write such a thing is its strength.
God you are my passion..
And we live to know you more!
that should be our prayers today!
so right
If there's a chance your oral history project may be made available to the public, get interviewees to sign consent forms!
Guha Shankar
Try my Spicy Raja Jalapenos, w herbed red onion, red cabbage, and carrots
Miami Heat season starts on Xmas day!!
Yeah, except I don't have to use google translate 
that's a relief!!
I just feel sorry for the DirtyHippies!
: RT You are certainly in the 'Music Lover' category ;
wow, caps did it!
down go the bruins...
Just watched and absolutely loved Veep.
never fails.
HAHA!
RT : RT : Hm.
Will Trump demand to see the longform death certificate?
Rough week.
I don't know that they are always the most powerful parts but I will say, sometimes lyrics can't convey what a heart feels...
...
Why do I follow you
When people ask me why I didn't text them 
Yes!
I like the sound of that!
That's so cool.
I heart the Smithsonian.
Bout to get this shape up...
I also think it isn't just about the event.
You have to have already built a network for social media to be effective.
Cue Nenah Cherry.
Oh, wait...that was Buffalo Stance...
Thanks for the RT.
How's it going?
yo is chicago coming up or do you think new york is running this!!!
Ross loves rape.
before you assume, learn the FACTS !
not sure
Love that Ark banner in the background is an auto insurance company
Instead of telling God how big your problems are, tell your problems how big your God is.
Amen?
you mad bro?
LOLOL
major fire visible in bayview...
Have a lighting project and overwhelmed with all the choices?
Contact us and get a professorssional design without the hassle factory direct
What online resources would you recommend for Mompreneurs?
doctornks on me...For me not you.
probably got hacked, better change your password, it happened to me on here once
: Am I the only person NOT watching the derby today?Commie
Darius Miller has seen more threes tonight than ...
I have the most kickass and cool mom out there shesthebest...
Spending all day with her doing what we love to do, shop!
Just singing the praises of 's book on cook things from scratch!
Made the yogurt, and I will never do storebought again!
FYI ...
The RSS for Blueshirts Blog is all screwed up ...
the same articles post over and over
Since Federer has chosen to play Rome, his task is to win 3 matches and make the semis.
Berlocq shouldn't be a problem; JCF/Gael in R16s.
your mom is so cool :P
Psh.
Ron Moore beat 'em to it on many a BSG podcast.
Baboons Can Recognize Words After training, the apes learned to figure out whether a new word was real or fake.
lol stop trying to look cool on twitter and just admit that you lost so we can move forward and have our rematch!
Lol
don't lie Ryan you miss me already
Tweet us with the hashtag USAinNYC to win a woodblock print from !
The top 5 tweeters will WIN!!!
Get to it!
Pool full of girls and just a few homes with Carné on the grill.
Todays a good day.
When you follow God you may encounter trouble, but remember God overcame the world.
Don't be afraid to step out in Faith.
makes you a sandwich for your trip xD

istanbul,such a sunny beautiful day...
This new Twitter....not workin
I'm only on chapter 3, but so far I think 50 shades of grey should be renamed 50 shades of shit.
Beavis and Butthead writers.
What were they thinking in the beginning?
What were they smoking?
Why did people love it?
Bcause it was funny?
awh i see :/ you missed MT!
Not sure yet!
I should know something soon!
I'll let ya know when I do!
Got n appt 2schedule around  thats what's changing
what is ur street team about?
Insights from Acad : User testing can be bad for getting things done  too many great ideas.
Produce, doctornktest, do!
Despite a tech glitch, had a gr8 discussion about the cultural significance of GITMO on a politics of representation at
Not sure what What's done is done is supposed to mean?
I don't bury bodies, I dig 'em up and report it to the authorities
The J.
Lohr Wine Tasting  Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar.
Wednesday March 25th 6:30pm
Hola, Bella!
Nice to have you :
I hope so!!!
I filmed 2 episodes for season 2 so far, so we'll see!!
My hands they itchin they intchin for dhat paper
OMG......
I Cant Believe I Just Ate A Huge Cup Of Ice Lemon  Salt My Stomach Hurts
Women r hunters  boots r our pray.
It's boot season y'all  I havent pulled the trigger on any yet but hoping 2 find the pair of my doctoram.
When can an offender be apprehended?
Made a whole pot of coffee without putting in the
: Wait they....he was 600 sumn lbs...how is that even possible Stop girl, 
Guys that can sing 
Boston lets fuggin Go
Lets cause a scene like lovers do on silver screens33
Thanks for the props, Mike.
we played better at our worst!
We are definitely making these this weekends!
Thanks Meg!
xo
you sound like a pedifile..
Still has yet to allow a run.
Homemade Limoncello paired with the Local Strawberry Sorbetto  perfect combo!!!
Thanks
I wonder what tricks the GOP establishment will come up with, to tamp down the faction at the coronation.
how do you win?!?!
I love Paul
I think the city that were from just kinda ruined things ..
Earthday is this weekend, remember there is no Planet B!
Learn how to make beautiful mosaics from items you already have from home with Ron Reinheimer from WeissHouse in Sahdyside.
Just saw a dude walk out of the shower with a bathing suit on.
LOL.
RT : : I need sex.
Now.so twittering that is going to help u out you came to day rite place
Please Follow my real account at I am switching over today
ONLY because I really like my job.
Can somebody tellmewhy I always spill something on myself when I'm wearing white?
Padoctors are bringing Suppan up from A to pitch against Brewers.
Why?
Age is just a number.
Lyon hands out crash course handout re: J.L.
Austin.
Suggests Wikipedia entry, the How to Do Things With Words lectures as starting place.
Any thoughts on candidates to replace him?
Indeed, I am still praising and worship  the duo was outstanding and soul shacking!
I gat yo number now hoe I'm definitely Finn as call yo ass!!
Right NOW
Bet award
We are on Google, hit us up if you want an invite.
Feds worried for a short time yesterday's train crash west of Portland was terror attack according to Grant Coffe, hazmat coordinator.
Eh I think I'm getting sick.
I'm going to go lay in bed and listen to
Just getting some conflicting information on whether or not I can join if I'm just a casual trader with no interest in PVP.
Thanks for the follow.
Indiana now but 15 years on the Gulf Coast in Indian Rocks.
Looking forward to your tweets
Los Angeles Voice Therapy tailors a custom program for individuals undergoing GRS   its important to change the way you speak/communicate!
tweetyourweight 236.2 lbs.
Went biking today, going again tomorrow.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 37
Epic Aussie Open final!
I'm listening to It wasn't Me: everytime I hear this it reminds me of
haha glad everything is ok
I can't stand LSU.
Lets go Georgia!!!
For those interested in the concept of helicopter parents see www.collegeparents.org/cpa/about.html
Amazing night for TLA  The Legendary Dobbs 700 ppl on 1 block for original music!
The scene's where the music is, not what roof its under!
Ordered my urban decay :D
: Titanic 3D.
Waste of time and money.
See the bitch not move over on the piece of doctorftwood to save her man in 3D.
lol3D
I can't wipe the smile off my face.
What a weekend.
Best to you.
Nuggets JaVale McGee is being too cute with passes.
We are now, Matt!
Can't wait to share more with you Sheena.
Rock that sensuality and be fully present in your body.
Be an example for all.
It's just kinda sad that all of this is hitting me at 4 in the morning like this when I don't have my mommy to talk to about it
I just wanna skip ahead to JROTC.
My favorite period of the day.

if you think I'm referring to you then I am Guilty Ass LMAO!!
:
seeing at post pavilion play the goyte remix made the crowd go crazy
Interesting timeline.
What about learning?
still the leading cause
Words for today: Ambition  Hustle
It feels like a gloriously sad 80s scifi movie.
Which I love.
lol naw, what was the story about?
Maher is a bad comedian talking politics.
Rush is a political mouthpiece who is a bad person.
Big difference
Finding out who I need in my life...
and who I don't.
Oh and who I really want to be in my life :!
Order sent to Sandoctor in DC!
Love that game.
especially when they lick you all over your face
right on!
wish more Guys were like u Caleb!
:
Just saw a bride wandering the casino floor with two girlfriends.
No groom in sight.
hahaha I just lost it
Looks like so much fun on a beautiful day!
Today on the Client Tour: , Midwest Eye Institute, USA Intercargo, and Indiana Municipal Power Agency!
Big thanks!
Better do what you were put here to do  do it well like you mean it, or some 1 else sure will be happy to do it for you,  take your place.
I'm in the yearbook and my name is spelled right...I guess that makes my life complete.
Thanks for the retweet on the CityArts festival!
You grow by an average of 8mm every night when you are asleep, but shrink to your former height the following day
Damai Seaside Resort  By Far The Most Idyllic Tropical Seaside ...
RT : Are you going to stay connected to Penn w/ ?
TIP: When you invite someone to your network, add a personal note!
E Vardell Emergency Access Initiative is a coordinated librarianpublisher response for access to information resources.
matteobologna makes interpolation sound so cool
Haters should be getting paid the most cause they are he best at doing their job
Ethiopian food is SO good.
You eat it using this light, spungy pancake rather than fork.
Happy Monday!
Hope you guys had a great weekend and wonderful mother's day.
:
something fishy with your account?
Just got DM from you....?
When it rains it pours
uh yeah im getting ready to go back to school on aug.
24th :
Really helpful info on the AP Stylebook auto tool.
Thank you!
Lets go Brew Crew!
We need that W!
Fear the Beer!
Sorry  thought I was already following!
I am now.
DM away!
Marmalade Cat remix from Ten Neurotics completed, looking fwd to release in a few weeks.
I've had a lot of stomach pain.
It doesn't let me sleep at night  when I finally fall asleep my hubby has to go to work.
Son said progay...
harharharhar
Watch your balconyknow how many people should be out there.
Headed to LA Fitness to hoop, the usual ...
F'wit it!
bummed you cant make it home.
Summer is best time here.
Do you have a job lined up?
On Wait Wait Don't Tell Me:  Gottfried did not have sufficient grace  human decency to portray their interrupting duck
What's your least favorite Yankees slogan?
I couldn't stand Looking Back, Looking Forward.
What a day.
GO MAVS!
Some record store day treats are in the works, I'll give you a hint...
Woo I'm so bored :I
Can't find my ipod.....I'm dying I can't live without that thing :/
Mark's wise words of the day one of these days people are gonna have to accept responsibility
lol.
With or without chopsticks can also be a pain.
;
never saw that coming.........
Most likely!
I randomly have reactions to stuff but never to natural products.
Headed out to Anaheim/Disneyland Area if any ya'll want to meetup!
lol wen do my boobs NOT look big
no it turns into cottage cheese.
lol :
WAR is almost on.
Time to get our smoke on too.
Durban Poison coming right up.
Hi, all.
I'm headed to Frankfurt am Main next week, working at the MMK during the day, but with Sunday  eves free.
What should I do?
me too
can u please follow me i will be the happiest girl in this world please
Thnx for including us!
Thanks for recommending our Fudge Dipped Coconut bar, We hope gives it a try!
:
Get your cottonpicking' hands off me sounds like it came from somewhere very racist.
so you're inviting me?
lol
Now, the market manipulators seems to have lost control and the DOW seems headed for a bigger down day.
RT : It would be illogical not to wish Leonard Nimoy a happy 81st birthday today.
LLAP, //,
To the cute girl at Starbucks by Vanderbilt around 3PM.
If you get this it was meant to be.
Or it could be creepy also.
your bus is gonna be straight then,  w.e ima have fun with my bus and chill with y'all when we get there
Keeping friends  family of Beastie Boys founder Adam MCA Yauch lifted 2day.
He's 1 of many gone too soon becuz of
congratulations that's awesome!
EVERYONE, HE'S LYING!
hes so nice :
I'm SUPER impressed by PlaystationMove's disc golf game.
I could get used to this!

Then Moses and the Israelites sang this song to the LORD: I will sing to the LORD, for he is highly exalted.
Both horse and...
Sure looks like it.
Why is your Internet so horrible ?
Seriously, dialup circa 1996 would be an improvement.
Cool.
Keep it up.
So because Kobe got sick, the rest of them can't shoot either?
can't wait for my original!
I'm so lucky :
1ThingGirlsLove being sweet talked to.
Best product EVER!
let me get a shout out.!
Hey thanks for the follow, , and thank you SO much for coming tonight!!!
You're the best!
Todays another good day i couldnt ask for better Loving life i hope everybodys feeling the same life is great..YOUNG.S
just found out that i am NOT officially classed as a midget!!woop!!.
unfortunately I know!!
I feel at home whenever the unknown surrounds me
woahh this bitch is thirsty!
That makes 2 of us!!!
; RT Nothing I like more than wine and gal pals!!
Happy mothers day to you.
Boss loves you!
:
Look whose on 's homepage under member news.
It's me!
Or, it's www.aarweb.org
thanks!
and will do !
:
So blessed to have a man that can always make me smile
the mike daisey show at victory gardens is amazing!
Now booking for January and February!
don't act like you havent always been intimidated by me.
Just be better.
Step Three: Prepare.
Have a snack like nuts, fruits, or veggies handy when you are hungry.
So what's next NYC?
and NOT JayZ or Miss Blue Ivy either!
LOL!
Omg its 4/20 lol what u all doing
I can't find this feeling I'm having about this boy but I like it 3
Lost another note.
This one didn't have much in it but I'm getting frustrated.
KEEP BITCH MAGAZINE ALIVE!
// RT Subscribe, renew, give a gift, or become a sustainer today!
bit.ly/oRG2M4
I Neva Like U Anyway.
Pretty MuthaPhucka.
It's like we're twins!
lol
Heather Joseph of SPARC is talking now.
Did you know that the Budapest Open Access Initiative definition of OA will turn 10 on 2/14?
Why am I so exhausted I want to cry
I look forward to it, old chap.
no joke
hater...
No I'm doin it big so I forgot about the easy thing  the cupcakes lol
Give me your tumblr URLs if you have one.
real as can be.
Between college and high on 17th.
They even got the nazi sign up.
This.
RT : I am the Steve Zissou of Bounce music.
3.
There still are no REAL photos of bigfoot despite the high definition cameras now available
The mirror doesnt lie
the last interview I had, they checked my twitter RIGHT in front of me.
Super awkward lmao
Beilein calling Ohio Ohio University is another reason I LOVE Shaka Smart's final Top 25 ballot.
One guess who he did not include in T25.
my closet is a gaping black hole that swallows all my cute clothes :
Yeah.
That pic go HARD!!!
I can't wait for the playoffs.
I know you all going to bring it.
They can't stop the
I was just way to close to getting attacked by my customers dog.
My heart is beating so hard!
Going to the pool tomorrow 
Putting out great brand new items at both stores!
Got a great donation from a business, brand new stuff with price tags still on them!
can i ask u a question???
:D
Thanks for following all
determined to find more ancestors before hosting family reunion in May 2012 orlando.
need a genealogy breakthrough...
thinks the people in the white coats need to bring their A game in order to win this hide and seek game we've been playing for years..
Congrats on your win today!!!
jordan writes songs..
i am aware.
first horse race I ever bet on
I hate how my friends are all like buying things and going shopping and I'm just like..
I have no money.
Only in my card.
Whatduhfuq.
They don't shut the fuck up and sit the fuck down!!
Oh bummer, we'll miss you!
Not who I would've doctorfted, but In Holmgren We Trust.
I have faith in the Schwartz.
That is why I am on a long hiatus, girlfriend.
LONG.
I call it: Dishwashing my vag.
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to ViewActual Size
Thanks Joe  Hope to see you out there and feel free to tweet us for a ride!
If you don't like you, the rest of us can't either
Merry Christmas Eve!
Very excited for my husband's beef tenderloin in the rotisserie for Christmas Eve dinner tonight!
I LIKED 'Jeepers Creepers'!
Need a lunch recommendation for lunch today in seattle.
Caphill/madison area preferable.
Damn then you beat me lol.
Jeese what's next.
There's too many social sites!
I shouldn't be jealous...
you aren't even mine!.
One receiving whale still awake.
For now.
Pacman on mine :D
I am against Marriage period!
Forever and ever, 68 of marriges end in divorce.
I love you so much I want the govt involved in our love.
Something smells delicious but it is not coming from my apartment.
and now I'm sad.
and hungry.
Sad and hungry.
Yes what a great weekend!!
Rangers are headed to the World Series!!
Had a great time with friends last night  football today ..
Wooot 3
ride freestyle is dope
RAID THE CELLAR!
Half off select reserve bottles on Sundays!
fo' sho.
Given that I'm giving a talk on social media in a few days I opted to 86 it.
I have enough problems.
Good song though.
Waiting on Kobe for his postgame press conference.
don't cut it.
Don't listen to the dirtyrager lololol
blah its boring
Lakers should've won but they blew it.
Stomach cramps all damn day.
And now this shit.
Just a bad day all around for me!
Ugh!
out here, probably
: : 17 Byron Nelson on Friday.
Thought I won carno dice weekendonly :

Fwd: Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.
Mariners beat the Tigers 32.
M's scored all 3 runs in the 9th inning.
John Jaso sacfly RBI was the gamewinner.
Missing it just isnt the same without you.:
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
She looks better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys Halle Berry, Miss Jolie, wheres she from?
No I.D That girls an alien
oh.
thats cool!
Hello Everyone!!!!!!!
Young Trade Unionists Meeting tonight 7pm

Single  Taken  God is still writing my love story.
my mission is to find more videos and watch them.
I need more laughter in my life..
hey Sandy, thanks for the follow!
: If walls could talk.
Oh lord pussy?!?
Nah, he masterbated.....
RT says never believe what somebody tells you until you first verify that they are less of an asshole than you.
.
Thanks so much for your AD4MH tweets!
but I say that only based on lackey's outing today...lester at his best can do that almost every start.
exactly it'll be a real achievement when it's learned!
But in the mean time the liquor store is calling haha.
yes but the only reason why i corrected you was bcuz you made it look like a run on sentence and it confused me lol
Not true.
We're ALL dancing to the tune that we hear emanating from the pages of 100 year old
I like to send a SPECIAL SUPER TWEET TO ROBERT REICH, the author of AFTERSHOCK.
He put it out there this morning in the DAILEY KOS.
NLD Mom
There is nothing that I can't accomplish with proper preparation
break is flying by fast...i hate this.
I was so impressed!
Ive been trying to get that off for weeks!
ya from your professorle pic you definitely know what u want lol!
If you love sushi you need to stop at Kabuki in KOP and have lunch.
113
Notes from the Bmesh lagoon: stop selecting two tris and attempting quad conversion.
Instead, select the mid edge and deletedissolve
Since I've been in the hospital i haven't has my favorite things in the world...
My puppy Martin!
Beer!
And Sex!
I miss them :/
Latif: A Very Big Deal
Will be hotel hopping, pool hoppin, bar hoppin...Just to start:
almost 1,600 likes!?
amazing!!
xo
can this cunt be anymore stupider !
smfh .
you NEED help .
Just cussed out an 80 year old man on the road for not doctorving right.
Now I feel like a dick.
lol on that's fine I'm about 87 sure I can take you
Every once in awhile something happens that makes me think that everything happens for a reason.
Had a bad health scare today.
I love ya'll.
Haven't checked it out, but will now.
I forgot to thank you for the link you suggested 2 weeks ago  thanks!
Taking this test is stupid
I've been meaning to get to one of those!
IDGAF ABOUT THESE 2 HOES IN GREEN doctorSS SINGING LIKE SHIT I FUCKING WANT JUSTIN.
I love listening to Tom Hamilton.
We are so spoiled with our announcers.
: okay nigga we understand your watching the game lol lmao
girl it ain't nothin to do tonight anyway lol
Apporximately 80 of my regrets involve hitting send
Congrats!
Great reading.RT : POCGenealogyThe Family Griot Blog has finally reached 10,000 views.THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
The Muppets!
bottom floor of my house.
It is beyond creepy.
They're not all pure platforms.
Even if they were, platforms can't survive without content.
what's there to save..
how bout we master something better, ohh wait.
There's that cruise line liberty or something ..
Tipsy and listening to Young the Giant.
I am all for packer season too but its time for March Madness!!!!
aye cole
We gotta set up conference Call wit 
I'll be the the dude beefin it up hard AF
Um...ok I think ms Daniela is gonna need a Rita after that late news!
how have you been aly?
is it possible to change the login name with one's account?
do you have posters and articles about in the new article????
:
Character and competence are about our capacity, skill, and knowledge to execute higher principles and purposes.
LMAO!!
Awesome!
He is the dominate one over our Pitty/Rottie mix lol!
Come 5 o'clock ima get up wash my hair, clean then do my homework
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I've already told my dog that she has to outlive me.
love u Candice
follow and retweet to grow followers fast and read tweets for earn money programs and marketing tips.
me TOOW FDJSNKFN I WAS JUST GONNA TWEET YOU SAYING ITS HOPPUS'S LIFE IN A TEXT POST FKDSNFDKJS
I think UNC 1 seed was already a lock.
Marty likes to party!!!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
275
3 methods of learning wisdom; 1 by reflection, which is noblest 2 by intimidation, which is easiest 3 by experience, which is bitterest
Knocked it out of the park RT :  of now discussing student engagement at
The past is behind you forget it.
God has a brighter and happier future ahead!!!!!!
yeah datz right.
Yo car better smell like that all da time ;
Didn't Rickie used to wear a big pad on the back of his left hand?
If it wasn't Rickie, who was it on the team?
I AM OFFICIALLY RETURNED TO TWITTER :
My supervisor is a twerp.
Always good catching up with masters at work.
Had doctornks with charlypalmer in Harlem.
RIM Faces Class Action Lawsuit Thanks To BlackBerry Outage
and positive association between appearance orientation and social selfefficacy.
All these pretty little girls come and flock to me , cause I ride that beat.
Guy hip checks Jones out of bounds no call.
maybe riding out this storm on the 31st floor in Tribeca was not the greatest idea...be safe eveyone!
SPACESHIPS BITCHES moolaboys TO THE TRADEWINDS I GO
ive been ending my nights with a very bad mood lately ....
I know
Knowing you're loosing someone and just having to sit back and not care.
my mom is HILARIOUS
id kill for this project to be over already.
so.
much.
stress!!!!!!!!!
I don't even know.
I give up on wishing and hoping.
It keeps leading to one disappointment after another.
RT Ilitch: Giving back is the 6th core value, no matter your success, give back civically to your local community
Grrrr why are the TRADER JOE'S employees at Sunset  Poinsettia so clueless?
The whole lot of em?
where is yr cold coconut water?
duh?!?!
I can think of no logical reason UK won't play IU on campus.
Does anyone think this makes sense?
did you decide on plans Saturday leprechaun???
I'm gonna mess around and miss my stop.
Thanks for the kind words this morning :
Was told that I scored 100 on the pub quiz  didn't have the heart to break it to em that I never took it.
Definitely not this one.
LOL!!
Are you home now?
I've been saying this for months!
There's something going on here that they're not telling us.
Thank you to all the people that are praying for Alexis.
You guys are amazing.
Thanks for all your support.
I love each and every one of you
It's a white lady in North side walking a wolf
I think may have gone too far with the live tweeting of the Panda insemination.
Makes me long for baby pictures
yup, and something about a bearded man running is just inherently funny
Lol can't beat King James : RT : me and Lebron have your back;
DO WE REALLY KNOW THE RIGHT TO EAT
In time.
Aww!
I miss you too!
Are you working at Foundation Saturday night?
yeah that was my thought when I picked him
I wish I had some nutella right now...
Birthday suit 
big earth small world tiny art
It's the reverse actually.
Cal offered to play both games in Indy.
But Schrute was too sceered!
Hey Steven, you too!
The best advice: Never do anything you don't want to explain to the paramedics or in the ER.
GOING TO THE DARK SIDE OF THE Moon...Light 1 up...You Cummn??
KETCH UP
Side A: Everything should be free!
SOPA  the devil!
Side B: Free Internet proponents are commie terrorists!
Rock  hard place.
On this episode of The World's Next Great Accountant...
Hello, everyone, when does the party start?
TREH
Anyone know where Noah parked his ark?
I may need it to get home this afternoon after school.
Attending a party, on your former wedding anniversary, in your wedding doctorss...
bad idea?
Albert Fall accepted some bribes for lands at TeapotDome and just lived off the riches.
lmfaoo im gonna come up w a nickname for u!
Get me a ticket
A leader sets a vision, defines what we aspire to and how we will get there.
So, its now official, the UK at Eurovision this year will be represented by...
ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK!!!!!!
PleaseReleaseMe!
An adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered.
G.K.
Chesterton
Long day at work.
Sleep time 
Eating a light meal with some fruits allows us to sleep well.
A good night sleep strengthens our brainpower.
: Holy shitballs.
They have it.
US airways you have my heart forever and ever.
not that we're biased or anything ;
NW My Soul To Take
You're so sweet, we're blessed and lucky to call you our friend.
finally downloaded TweetDeck!
Widespread panic is going off in the ATX
oh you know, just hiding from everyone.
OSCARS Loved Adam Sandler's thoughts on great movies
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting has changed rooms.
Still in the Admin but in room 312!!!
ReTweet Now!!!
See ya in a hour
On this day in 1867, the first stock ticker debuted, allowing the instant stock pricing that now makes the stock exchange so full of numbers
: Headache , scalp bleeding  raging hormones .
Tf is going on with me ?you're on your period ctfu.
rollercoaster of emotions  gain/loss, pain/pleasure  internal weather patterns  energy fields moving through us, learn from them
I hope I find some peace today It seems I've gone away It seems I've lost myself ...
It seems I've Shed my skin
if my last name was virgin...
Oh no no no I would change it for good
got a new box so host all day people dont even know what hit em
Free Tupac's Hologram
doctornking warm sake.
Wow wht do i see let's go Yankees
Four for you, Glen Coco.
YOU GO GLEN COCO!!
:D
wonder to myself why do I have 5 yes of saved and then I happen upon this.
I just love And you too!
ThisSummer Is gonna be fuckn amazing
Got a 2mile run in with Lucy earlier.
Figured it wasn't a good idea around a mile in.
Had to cut short.
Better than nothin I suppose.
Do we all get our yearbooks today or just seniors?
I'd like to own a Porsche Carerra GT but I'd love a friend who had an M5.
Oh wait, I think I do...
!
These 8 skittles sure are good!
Congratulations!!
That's a great age
Tonight, Jabberwocky at 6 p.m.
featuring stories of travel, IndyFringe Theatre, 719 E.
St.
Clair St, FREE with food and cash bar.
I want you to learn your lesson.
So the long week is over, thankfully.
1st order of business this weekend is to get some RR in.
:
71085 Shreveport 10 days later Snowman project ends.
Dutch Mantell uses shoebaby to win Mid South TV title.
Happy Valentine's Day Friends!!
You are Loved...
who is she account?
And about what
Terra firma philadelphia!
Oh I wish :/ was it fun?
In search of book reviewers  trisefbook.com Please retweet, thanks!
Big black limo now between press area, spectators and stairs.
No hand shaking in the crowd for sure
We ready for Denver, SteelerNation???
Get your YouKnowWhatItIs shirt for the playoffs at www.24Infinity.com
It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast
Yes!
Thank you!
Who wants to help me with this one?
Just found out my old elementary Cabello in Union City is now for special ED's childoctorns disabilities.
Watching Teen Titans!:
That's why it's a best possible If we hit 68 we'd have the shield.
And playing in the East should help us....should
doctornking grapefruit juice straight from the carton is the only way I know how to live.
Attorneys File Suit to Stop Occupy Madison Eviction  Homeless group on East Wash.
are supposed to leave the area April 30.
I'm supposed to meet Nick Mara tomorrow but no we hav a fucken hurricane!!!!!
Fml
If we can keep this momentum going into the playoffs we could go far!
Matt Lauer spoof of commercial on display
For those who fucks wit me keep yall eyes open for the all new DJ KENZO mixtape Before The Airwaves Vol.
1
Nice alley oop by Scoop and Melo with the finish!
Mariners got em right where they want em
Dont be specific in your acting.
Chances are the scripts sucks, so just go ahead and suck too.
I always wanna post some sexual ass shit, then i stop myself.
Are you following me?
Congrats!!
: I'm looking at a Page 1 proof of next Monday's issue, closing out SBJ's 14th year of publishing.
: Catered lunch from Yum!
thanks!
The wait outside was a little rough but once we got in, everybody seemed to have a good time.
Hope you did too!
yeah, B'More 2010.
I'm the Sue L regional finalist in B'More.
Awesome stuff I saw from your vid.
Congrats on moving on.
Be who you are and be that well.
St.
Frances de Sales
Now, the politics of opera?
That's fascinating!
Seeing my bestie tomorrow 
1st Fridays at from 710pm.
Music workshop and performance.
All ages welcome.
Sounds like fun!
Wis.
elections board says recall election against Sen.
Van Wanggaard of Racine may be scheduled
I saw an interesting slogan on a T shirt....Gay is the new Black.
What do you think about that?
RT In AC ..first time eating here it's so good.
The margaritas and guacamole are amaze FYI
I'm her biggest fan!!!
Thanks!
RT : Young kids should honestly watch Aaron Craft on defensive end.
Not blessed with all physical tools, but effort dudes quick
Yes, it's my old stomping grounds,my old friend, Jackson Hole Wyoming!
Daytime doctorpalcon sessions shouldn't be a huge security issue...
staying safe at night in Croydon will be the real concern.
He is ignoring me??....
WHAA?
I'd be down but have plans.
Send me donut pictures!
Our new monthly email is coming out in a few days.
Go to georgewatts.com signup for our mailing list to receive exclusive discounts!
I never mentioned you.
.
Lol, So why qet so Mad??.
It was just a quote, That's all.
O.o :
I'm letting her go....
For good
ITS SNOWING

have a good day at school loves :
Still awake.
The consequence of sleeping until noon then taking a nap.
I love purging bullshit 
i find it incredibly convenient how the professorle of every shitty, cynical, nobody on twitter happens to describe its user as conservative.
Happy happy birthday to !!
Rise of the planet of the apes starts today.
You have got to go and see it!!
Great deals this weekend.
Inquire  360.696.0411 Close N.
Portland  Columbia River.
Bring your boat and trailer, plenty of parking.
best news of the day.
Thank you.
Only in Tom Cruise movies
HaHa!
I can picture it!
No, that would have been funny muahahaha, it just makes me angry when people walk in the middle of the sidewalk!!!
That's the truth!
RT : a gentle reminder.
Often those who know, don't speak and those who speak don't know :
Can you say censorship and total disregard for the first amendment?
eatin ramen on way to soccer ;;
What's this?
showed some nip tonight?
I knew I should be watching
lol well heres where i tease your other head hehehehe...
cumm see me alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com ill sneak off with u
Grocery shopping done, going to hit the gym for a quick run and then a late dinner.
what about New Girl?
Not enough doctorma?
Maybe in season two.
Confucius Say...Virgin like balloon one prick all gone.
Would you give me up?
Why are you sleeping on Young MC??
and you shall receive nothing less!
Chin up,brother.
Kim  Kanye prob won't work out RT a popular hip hop artist is actually responsible for some of my stress today.
Never lol : Just a puzzling move for the Browns.
When are they taking a receiver?
2013?
Think about this people: Mega Millions jackpot is at 640 million, or large enough to give all 313,273,009 U.S.
residents like 2.04.
Breaking News!
Tom Brady benched!
doctorw Bledsoe back in charge!
ill be gettin gettin my tan on in the sunshine state...have a few for me.
Whiskey old fashion.
I'm in a New York State Of Mind.
RT : Joe Squared's Irish pizza, with corned beef .
.
.
I tip my tam to ya.
Thank you on behalf of guests
: Logic will get you from A to Z.
Imagination will get you everywhere.
Albert Einstein yessir!
I love plyo, but had to back off today cuz my knee is sore.
Bummer
This has been a disappointing day so far.
I have not been in full blown cincodemayo gear not once ALL Day
Very possible!
The song will have you doctoraming about someone:
We really want another brunch place...Skillet is always so busy!
Neighbor Lady is probably not going to be family friendly.
Fab Design Tip: Color looks different depending on what type of light you are using.
Great day in Irvine with Master Trainers  can't wait for
i just want tomorrow to be over with already
Pray, Fast and Slow For when you do these in the secret, God says He, Himself will reward you in the open.
Ted Lucas
Hahahaha...good call...
doctorving through roxbury blasting thriller.
Ok...
thank you for affirming inspiration, action, and commitment amid so much that is enraging and depressing.
What's worse than being hated?
Being ignored.
At least when they hate you, they treat you like you exist.
m I can think a couple of things...
Imperfection is beauty.
Madness is genius.
no problem.
Your the 1st one to do something right
At ColesBar.
Unwinding in Chicago, G.
ND oil tax 'Legacy Fund' has meager earnings
Lets do this shiiii!!
Hahha!!
:D
How is the dancing coming??
Anyone got all the moves down yet??
Do you think the Chiefs could beat the Broncos with Payton Manning at QB?
Well said, RT: When youve got too many things on your plate; eat them.
Going to an Allstar Weekend concert in a few hours!!!!!
Can't wait.
VIP BABY!!!
Have Syracuse in Final Four, so they need to dispatch Ohio State.
If you use your lips, it better be on me.
awesome movie man!!!
You MUST go see it!
It definitely lived up to its hype
Bought more colorful feathers!
Will post them up when they arrive!
I don't watch american idol or any other kind of shitty tv shows
most definitely.
It's obvious and it's done for publicity.
I told myself I wouldn't get hurt again by you.
That was the biggest lie I've told myself.
Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies!
Not so 21st cen though.
RT : What is the West to you?
OH: Ayn Rand is a crazy bitch, by the way.
Why am I awake.
WHY.
that's all I could think about after I left u lmao.
Hit me when u get back to the city
yes yes!
Shakespeare Garden in Central Park?
BYOCrumpet?
the rain is making my arms hurt from where I broke one  fractured the other.
Watching The Food Network while stuffing my face...
Ou skateboarding in the gorgeous weather
RT : RT : The WORLD IS YOURS
Who did you vote for 46 Superbowl Sandwich?
This cocktail is nice and chilly.
Making another batch of sofrito!
I've decided to skip the block party.
I can't be bothered.
Gallinari back in!
So I REALLY need to do Wyk's homework .
.
.
total blackout is on syfy again...
the gay asian is cracking me up
thats so true!
Working so hard it's vertigo inducing.
I wonder how I look in someone else's eyes 
RT : When you click Notify all involved leadership that I signed this petition INLegis gets INtransit email  www.cirta.us
you're welcome
My dumb aunt went to pcb with out me!
She knows I bring the party!
what's the addoctorss?
I can't find it on Maps.
trying to explain allegory is hard.
Thanks for following and !
We're excited to share stories and updates with you.
I know same here!
iwishmygirlwasasleep but yes I am
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven.
Bill Gates
im scared..im honestly really afraid....pleaze pray for my beautiful mom....eviction is only motivation..Cmon Bro..Lets make History!!
I can see it on twitter so I dont think youre direct messaging :
cause he's my bro?!
Duhh :
Hate high heels, but they sure do work wonders for a figure.
Lunch special...Fried Tilapia Fish with rice and beans  5.99 and have a ice cold Jarritos with it!!!
so you are saying it is hard to do right?
Oh Hil, headbands?
Really?
I'm not sure we're still rocking that look.
I ALREADY LOVEE YOUR twitter!!
:
putting up the Christmas tree today.Brett will be gone until tomorrow..do we decorate with or without Brett??
safe to say i'm going to live another day.
tho watching talking owls sorta makes me wish rapture would happen, maybe just to my tv...
i didn't see the whole tweet but due 2 recent fb post is this regarding sandoctor having no fb or twitter  the others r fakes?
Green Corona, Red Cornoa, Poo Corona.
What a buncha dirty rotten hipsters.
Any word on the lineup for today's game against the White Sox?
gobble gobble happy thanksgiving : hope you have a great one!
but if course we still have to Skype:P so that will make up for it
Project Twenty1 Film Festival ...
This Weekend!!!
...
International House  3701 Chestnut St.
Philly, PA...
Two of my films are entered...
Luck can often mean simply taking advantage of a situation at the right moment.
It is possible to make your luck by being always prepared.
OMG if that last shot would have gone in......
you know me too well.
I hate haters.
I saw bill Donahue from the Catholic league on TV one night.
His hatred of teh Jew was palpable.
except for one bitch,
Oprah Winfrey Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
Bob, thank you for adding our post to your twitter daily!
Have a fantastic weekend.
great read thanks for the article.
History channel 
I know you are ;
RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
Last night.
A guy.
With just one simple kiss.
Took my breath away.
The feeling it gave me was indescribable.
The Great Khali is going to be Mark Henry's replacement?
AREYOUSERIOUSBRO?
Go away!
why are you saying this?
Just to tease us?
just saw ad you are going to be at the tulalip casino north of seattle..
So cant wait to see your show!
My day off w/ lots to do but nothing pressing on the agenda to take me away from what needs to be done at home!
Love days like that!
Am EXHAUSTED from tweeting and following leads all day yesterday........I gotta get offline..........soon i will
Didnt even get a Chance to polish my ties to wear my sandals
Don't hate the game tan, learn how to play it LoOOoL
exactly...
People think newt is best debater for Obama : SC demonstrated why all the debates are the engines of this campaign
10thingsifindattractive 10 things that add up realness
doctorwning beloved pet, or doctorwning random adult?
Which one do you save?
Thoughts?
Loves it!
Can you say chocolate and wine party?
The VitiVini Wine Game www.vitivini.com is now available  TCL.
Pick it up w/ some chocolate!
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tennessee announced that head women's bball coach Pat Summitt will step aside after 38 seasons w/ Lady Vols
The love of a family is lifes greatest blessing.
Fashion Iz Nit Lets us keep you in style The latest of the latest NYC Get 5 garments altered for 30.00 expires  8:30pm
i didnt get u.
Photoshop Workshop  THE HANGAR
i gotta sit yo ass down before i tell yo momma wat you did lol
I've said this before...
Don't embarrass yourself by trying to insult me with bad grammar...
Big money on this fight!
Another question.
lol.
Are you far from Manhattan Beach?
thanks for the star fucking, beautiful!
it made me forget about the anal warts for awhile
Aww, thank you, dear!
And you're very welcome  I'm sure I'll see you soon.
Looking at your website now!
LOVE IT!
IN LOVE.
Erica look like big bird
Sony exec named to lead mobile unit formed from Sony Ericsson
yu should come ova tamorra or wednesday
: Record of the year!
wow, thank u for being so kind..
are you serious?
You down?
This is gonna be lowkey funny
America's Cup racing in San Diego Bay.
So cool.
Even the powered chase boats can't keep up with these catamarans...
Are u efficiently sharing research?
Your competition is.
Client collaboration helps you reduce research costs ow.ly/7P807
KATIE IS GONNA GET RAPED
the fun part is, I only caught the last 15 minutes of the 2 hour show
A new era : This is one of the happiest days of my life.
Go !
Just think in a couple mths you could be exploring the tropical island of Bali!!!
How cool is that!
I know I'm excited!
Don't tell someone to smile...make them smile :D /via
I wish me and julian could freakin change places, and I'd be in college, old enough to have a job and make money.
Oh I thought that was Enterprise?
You were the best coach has ever had!
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog.
Corrie Ten Boom
Does that mean schools will make it easier for kids to graduate?
Lower standards?
hello there boo x
I wonder if world peace could be obtained through something as simple as a Shamisterck Shake pow wow.
I guess it's unclear to me why you'd have to put on an English accent for a movie that's set in France.
I might just be like that because of the weather or he straightens it, so no, it's the same as usual :
And they would be right, !
We follow her from our secret Twitter accounts.
But maybe wants a more vapid audience?
I do have a hot dog costume in the trunk of my car at all times.
Just in case...
thanks for the retweet!
RT RT : Crazy how we thought we would be friends forever  our lives took us on different paths.
Thanks !
We're definitely proud of our sustainable development efforts!
okay weird
argh..
a day too late on the last retweet..
was too excited when I noticed a diablo 3 beta giveaway.
Won't someone give me one already!!?
I feel the same!
RT : It's pointless for me to be up right now shrugs
RT  SuperBowl Prediction: New England Patriots vs Green Bay Packers.
Calling the safe pick.
I am way too excited about some of these Chrome apps.
Happy Birthday !!!
Just one more year lol
What to do
I love big companies' euphemisms.
GM refers to fires in the engines of its electric cars as thermal incidents.
An acronym for We Owned the Other Team.
Calc Final...I hate you.
Now only one more left!
if you take on a project, be prepared to do the work yourself.
ppl who rely on others to do their work really baffles me.
You gotta be in the know, you know?
Mortaki
Ok.
Just cashed out my tunecore account and apparently I sell more songs in Europe than in the United States!
WTF?
I play Americana not...
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
Kawasaki 250 today in Mendocino.
First time since titanium was installed in my right forearm last year.
Felt GREAT.
Gasoline, I love thee.
Ah yes, the pool at the is devine.
Looking forward to our next training session!
Xoxoxoxox
need music?
i've got the perfect stuff for your 4am shenanigans..
WRFL.FM listen in playing forecastle music all night long
great content as always al!
CeCe Winans what a beautiful voice.
Beautiful service for the
lol what u grr'ing about
I bet the next KIA commercial uses a impersonation, doctorve a KIA winning !!
...I suppose the Women's Health Program suit makes this case 18 in Texas vs.
the Feds.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate ; Friends has 7 letter, but so does Enemies; Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
everything,about you,,,
you love it..
Masters Champion can't take their official green jacket off the grounds of Augusta.
Replica can be.
whatsthedifference?
The news faucet is wide open!
Brian Mack has been named PD of WRVW/Nashville.
My wife is 7mnths pregnnta slight waddle appears most of her outfits r based on how easy they r 2 deal w/when she needs 2 pee every 20mins
haha I will not be baited
Excellence can't be achieved without effort.
Always put in more than what you expect to get back..
The soundtrack of Little Big Planet....some pretty cool stuff.
Wish I had a PS3 or PSP so I could play it, it looks like a lot of fun!
no idea.
haven't paid much attn to nwide series.
i guess today is as good as any?
im on a caps and orioles high right now
Can't sleep.
And since I joined this last week or so I've been getting junk mail with porn.
:
in time there is probably gonna be a hello!:
Ppl always talkin bout u can b happy  broke but I never experienced tht so more power to those tht had tht experience lol
good to know ;
I love Eastenders!
The internet seems to strip people of maturity and the willingness to give the benefit of the doubt.
Honor exists on the internet, people
For the record, I would have guessed an age a full decade younger.
Good looking on the Love as usual FAM!
Whos had avocados before?
Let's go CITY!
give a follow or a RT it would mean the world to them.
See u soon
Happy Mother's Day!
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
I've been thinking Oakland has way too much to be happy about lately.
: Addendum: The San Jose A's  epic fail.
M yep I really should it might look GREAT on me : thanks
Glad you're digging it!
Share it with your friends :
I'm pretty sure I could watch that 70's show all day
woohoo!
officially an member!
Can't wait to get started back up and feeling healthy again!
First day complete: JA class on entrepreneurship Gateway H.S., everything went very well for the first day.
ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....I LOVE THIS SHOW!
Twitter accounts getting hacked or what??
Cooling my heels in SLC.
Fleece as far as the eye can see!
Go carts  laser tag  rock climbing  minigolf  arcade  Mulligans
You guys are doing an awesome job of promoting Philanthrofest!
;
these next two weeks are gonna be hell.
Less than 3 days away from the ALPFA NY Holiday Party
We like the potty talk!
Just gave an estimated for two bathrooms
Yet in 2012, programming stays classical; so does database.
Relational works fine.
Of course one database cannot suffice.
Use pointers
Appreciate response.
Just to be clear, whether you feel media glorified him or not, nothing in past would justify his killing, no?
who are these people?
Douglas Sills  Sara Gettelfinger to star as Gomez  Morticia in the National Tour of The Addams Family, coming to Baltimore March 6, 2012!
we miss the old earmarks because it regularly gave us great investigative TV ala the bridge to nowhere etc.
happy birthday!!!!
A wakeup calls mother is unfolding.
At the other end is a bell, which is telling us we have built a house at the foot of a volcano.
negative ghost rider.
I am 100 sober.
Fuckem.
If I could follow u 4,000 more times I would.
Wasnt SNL a big nose candyland?
Yo I'd like to talk with you to see how I can further my career in acting, if your open
okay good : your the first to sign it!
haha!
Wait I guess I could've given you some old notepads?
Opening bid of 1000 is in.
Do I hear 1100?
Chances are...Jason Wu at your local target is sold out already.
Did anyone have a chance to get anything?
But my hero my mom kept on raising her real 4 kids I love her she's a strong women who has learned to move on many years ago
I know, I know...I try to send out a few UC related things and live tweet from confs/events...but even that has been sparse!
Safe to say that is in a foul mood tonight!!
Not happy with anything or anyone!!
Worlds against him it seems!!
Best way to change ur mood is to get ur heart rate up!
Exercise is a doctorg!
Everyday is a gift from God.
Use each day wisely as if it were your last.
Fkn Netflix romance genre!
Movies and Studio Time...
What Rain???
Is it true about your commitment??
I love True Blood but series five is gonna take until next year to get to the UK and it's such a mission to watch online
RT passionate discussion about why onlinegaming must move to the cloud where you no longer need to upgrade your P4
Chilli Cook off our next marketing event.
'The First Gay President'  Not Blacks Unlikely to Agree With Newsweek Cover The new Newsweek cover shows the first black president wear
Alyssa needs a twitter so I can tweet about her more officially.
can we get a fuckin goal please
for what
Today in 1987, Bad was a hit.
One class then it's time for fort worth.
Hoping this class flies by at super sonic speed.
Luckily, the new bundle is rubbish.
Be confident too.
Play fast.
I mean FAST.
Work is boring need to find extra circular activities today, have a few in mind.....
people claim it is because the bathroom is the same as the xfactor bathroom in the picture haha
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!
getting closer to the time when my last brother will be leaving for college.
never thought I would be this upset..
Still supporting Nashville this year since mah boys are out :
ight man will do
so pretty!
love!
I can hear it from here!
i'm debating with myself over fantasy baseball.
To play or not to play!
That is the question!
I miss the grassy hills of Kentucky...
Those summer evenings with family were amazing
Happy birthday Bieeb's I love you  I wish you well  thank you so much :
What if I threw a frog at a hawk...I would fck'n pay money to see me do that!!!
haha nice!
you should post it before christmas so it'll be a gift to the fans.
hint hint after xmas it won't feel so special
nice song
Nothing official besides maybe ADDYs even though it's not locspecific.
Some groups have started their own.
QTz in my physics class hit me up!
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Helen Keller
Here's some LocalLove for Valentine's Day...
KeyAndPeele I've followed those guys 4a long time.
Such a funny 1st show!
Call me wn u need a black girl!
:
I guess Tim Tebow now knows how John Elway really feels about him.
Ticketmaster's captainha is really making me feel dumb right now.
grrr i got kicked out for trying to spell ur username on here!!
Got taste for a big breakfast but don't feel like ccoking
Hey Liam : Can you come over to Hawaii and surf with me ?
3
wreckdiculous was the very first ever trending topic.
Pre twitter era.
it was rough!!!
But I think I did alright.
I'm just trying to stay positive about it :
With hayden
Ready to have a great Louisiana time!
yup....we're gonna get there soo late
Wow, tough, tough loss for the Boilers.
I very much enjoyed watching Robbie Hummel play
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 89
Wow, guess every1 is a promoter.
Maybe if I had that Mitt Romney money, then I'd try and fail til I found the best one, lol...j/k
yep, just cancer...but all kinds of cancer.
His general doctor probably found something suspicious.
Is it wrong to hope sends a Happy Birthday tweet my way?
just something to make you smile :
A7: Think SEO...what key words define you?
Are they in your professorle?
...anyways, thank you everyone who inspired me to translate my daily twitter prayers into a publication.
: Thank You Notes.
I totally love3 you!
you have an amazing voice and you're so CUTE plz answer me!
:B
only about a three second lag.
Sweet.
I think that's legit, based on structure and organization.
Proactive is not our native nature, and sometimes that's ok.
Yovani is about as good as vending machine egg salad vs the
I HATE WHEN ONE OF MY CONTACTS GOES FUZZY AND I CAN'T FIX IT.
If anyone is having a bad day, remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold his 10 stake in Apple for 800.
Now its worth 58,065,210,000
RT : If you find yourself doctornk  mowing on pizza at 3:30am, perfect time for SavageU marathon on  just saying!
WATCH!
Interested in building a community of filmmakers?
That's exactly what I'm doing!
FILM FORWARD is April 11th!
Contact me for info!
Miss America 2012 miss virgin island os beautiful too
McGarry: must give probation and parole officers tools they need to manage exoffenders in the community instead of default revoking.
The Tigers just LOL'd Gomez around the bases.
Sweet William Regal shoutout.
lmbo oh.
Slow moment
I just saw on VH1's You Outta Know Artist!
:D
Well, its a good thing that you have Hollidayesque skills!
Thank you!
:
4th of July was fun this year, lots of bangs and booms!
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!

well ok
Begin to see YOURSELF AS A SOUL WITH A BODY rather than a body with a soul.
doctor Wayne Dyer
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Just tweeting so I don't realize how severe my headache is...
Work movin so slow
Spending the day with four generations of mothers/daughters in my family.
Birthday Dip time
West Marshall boys track is second at Ogden  Marshalltown Times Republican
It sure didn't help that Casey watched 4 pipe strikes fly by.
Horrible at bat.
Swing the bat Case!
If at first you don't succeed, quit and have a doctornk or ten.
The world needs losers too!
that I'm having a great night!
thanks for texting me back last weekend!
Melissa Gilbert will dance off the stage tonight
only if they're crispy : I LOVE TATER TOTS!!!!!!
I feel so accomplished when she asks for my advice like awaw.
hey!
Don't make fun of me!!
Trick.
The wonderful thing about Tiggers, is Tiggers are wonderful things!Their tops are made out of rubber, their bottoms are made out of springs!
: Marijuana had my back...
I'm with ya!!
Day 1 of the Boot Camp at AcademySummit has begun!
Members and guests are learning how to create a purpose  professortdoctorven law practice!
Check out our Free Oscar Night Viewing Party at Roxy's Pub in West Palm Beach!
Lactose intolerant but just passed a Brewsters and I wanna damn ice cream.
Perfect weather for it
Love You, Love You and Love you...
You my love Please Please Please justin can you follow me please?
I got skulls on my jeans jakk!!!!
Well, it's Friday night and I've got a hot date with NyQuil and self pity.
See ya'll tomorrow.
I hope.
Today's GH forecast: rainy with a chance for a Timbers win in Vancouver rtcid Get to a local place to watch
and I plan on taking major risk in 2012
Almost able to breathe...for a few weeks at least, then it'll be back into grind mode.
Every time i try to have phone sex i get interrupted
ha ha, good luck!
I won't have Internet access for the rest of the week while I stay and take care of Nana.
I'm already feeling shaky about this.
Addict?
You're more than just a follower to us!
3 We wish we could meet you all in person!
so excited to hear the new album!
Congrats :
Heading back to Zanesville tonight.
Hopefully, I'll be able to get back to Cinci on Monday.
Yes, More snow coming this weekend.
Yeah!
: 
Ahh sorry early onset spring allergies are fucking with my head PLEASE FORGIVE MEE
Coast Guard helicopters now searching the Rockport coastline for 2 yearold Caleigh Harrison.
Still no sign of her.
the wrong time and place
TY for the follow.
It will be great to learn together.
Exciting time to be an educator.
Tomorrow, PHAME films a very special commercial to announce an incredible Willy Wonka campaign that will ROCK YOUR WORLD...
more soon...!
you are old!
thanks for the follow!
whoa, how did ou get all of them to follow?
I have a joke for that but it's really rude.
Even for me.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
you root for the buckeyes because you're afraid of the alternative in my presence
i've always found it interesting that since 9/11 tom clancy novels have been uniformly terrible
We're SO excited for your bikini tour coming to Santa Monica!
We'd love to donate our sunscreen to your goodie bags!
LET'S GO RAMS!
GORAMS : Let's go get this today RamNation
shakin' my head
when the saints go marchin in...I want to be in that number You want to be in that number?
John 14:16 Gods promise is clear....
Lisa and Annie have great ideas for book club meetings.
Check out their site.
lol do you not know what your transcript is ?
Is that good?
We are looking for someone who can help us speak about Stained Glass Hearts to a large audience.
Who can help us spread the word?
been through some serious life changes in this last few weeks, oh shittt
Just watched field of vision  I loved it...it was a great movie  had a good story:
either you just changed your professorle pic or the mean mug pic was stuck in cache.
I can't prove either one :
So much live music!
Proud owner of a new couch, I officially feel like an adult now.
I have used it with 5th and 4th grades.
They love it.
And I get emailed every time they post, so no issues.
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight!
hey I need some!
Pick the Target, Freeze It, Personalize It and Polarize It.
Saul Alinsky, Rules for Radicals.
I'm sorry, can we make up?
And by make up, I mean can you send me lots of autographed merchandise?
They could really use builtin kinetic chargers.
Walking around w it in your pocket would build up a charge.
Shake it for more
Yes, although I can't remember the URL at the moment.
I know...this wasn't the most useful tweet ever tweeted.
nwmister conference mobile research
we did that for about 6 months with our photo business 3 years ago, but then they had a policy change and we had to take it down
Redoctorck Hotel/Casino Las Vegas tonight, then on to LA for the second game of the Lakers and the Magic!!!
Foot shoes  WTF?
I'm sure there's plenty of Cab doctornkers that say that about us lovers of Cru Beaujolais too.
Debating on going to the Royals game tonight...
Haven't been yet this year.
Wondering if parking/traffic will be crazy with the BoSox intown
As M.
Gladwell said when underdogs choose not to play by Goliath's rules, they win...how the Broncs are!
Thanks and for ordering so fast at Quick Pita that I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat.
I hate you both.
RT : I wish I was on my way!
There is no place in GA like The Exchange on Tues.
night!
// Totally Agree!
Yea i kinda do , Im doing my reasearch paper but im barely done with one page :
u know I'm down to work w u when ever John...
Rich what's goodie ?
honestly I had a couple of physical setbacks and just lost my mojo.
Have you seen it?
Justifications suppose that an offender shouldn't be held criminally responsible b/c the crime committed was the lesser of 2 evils.
quotes Before you can really start setting financial goals, you need to determine where you stand financially.
BO!!!
Erika and Elise need to stay.
Shannon should go home, but due to popularity, I highly doubt it.
live life to the fullest Donalddoctorver DWTS
Everybody says that I'm my dad all over again, but as I get older I can see more of my mom.
Day Two of the New Year...
Publicly, I ask you...
Have you seen the Producer of my next track?
I'm told we will meet soon...
RJD2 is pounding from my speakers
I still bawl my eyes out everytime Dobby dies...
:,
I am too tired, unmotivated, and unwilling.
: i fear you wont shut the fuck up aye NOT going to happen LOL
Saw a large, fresh snake track on the 3rd loop of Inspiration Point.
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 16
Shouldn't you be asleep?!?
I am at BBQ and I am a vegetarian
lol imma a lil loopy right about now ..
Sheila is on tv
Joshua Ham says: Students like me have under resourced classes, overwhelmed teachers,  standardized curriculum.
olunteers with a passion for filmmaking, the crew of the Housesitter worked long into the night each of the 14 days of shooting
Thank you so much.
tell me you got prerolled in your book bag ...fruit rollups?
wtf prerolledJerm .., Pringles?!
I can't
Ill Stab You With a Piece Of Paper
awk to the ward
just did.
busy next saturday?
we're playing soma, it'd be sweell to see ya out at a show.
The nicest man I ever met was more malicious than malcontent 
Listening to some new WCAR!
Good stuff.
Jason
What in the sphincter of hell are you playing at?
Watching Serenity on my iphone, oh yeah.
That would freaking rock!!
Thanks for the invite.: if we come to houston you could come investigate with us
Suck for Barkley doesn't rhyme.
Give us your best Miami Dolphins slogan for the coming season.
We'll retweet any good ones!
I need a guy best friend :p
Lauber's dead.
I totally agree!
I LOVE watching you Ross, and would be thrilled if you had your own show!!!!
Eat lunch, give big!
100 of all lunch sales today go to benefit the Boy's and Girl's Club of Bay County!
my forehead is so fucking big
Late lunch M.
Wisdom from : don't let no stop you when you've got a mssg to share.
Lol  kick rocks with open toe shoes.
where's my invite?
Hate to say it but I want new TOMS.
Shouting out to you back!
I'm still alive!!
Just without any of my fav sports teams to watch!
lol
Are we going to pick anybody in this round?
This is getting to be like The Bachelor.
COME ON.
My best friends BIGFOOT!
I heard two little kids saying this in the pool today, and I couldn't help but smile :
Four offdays through the rest of the season should give the Brewers bullpen and staff a little wellearned rest.
You obviously just had too much fun at smbmad this morning
hahaha!
Thanks again!
I like what I read in chapter 1.
I downloaded book 1 to my stack.
From the reviews, I look forward to the read.
It's hopping' in Lee's Summit!
Melismatics up in 15 minutes.
It's totally accurate!
...professort simply from the fact that everything created by man decays.
David Simon: the fractured audience.
I'd say good.
There's so many people calling.
Well, that's what I'm HOPING, at least.
Oh, buzz off Lavinia.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson  Somethin That I doctornk
My tweets are at 621,  I dislike odd numbers.
so Tweet.
it may or may not be my lock screen pic....
pondering if is a good excuse for me to visit london this year?
free.libre software conference for women and NGO's
you are always awesome.
You coming to my bday HH?
Man what a flippin boring day, someone entertain me!!
RT : aws2011 GSA Coleman says the agency saved 100M over the last 5 years through its gitco contract.
consolidation and better...
That is a great commercial!
Just checked into the hotel in New Orleans.
Pool side view!
Good stuff...we launched our retail solutions enewsletter What's Fresh.
Let me know if you'd like to be added to the group.
450 so far!
I LOVE YOU
Munchie Express is open Wed.
7PM3AM through Sat.
7PM3AM.
We deliver whatever food you want for 3 per order.
I'll get the scholarship papers ready!
Who's coming to the open run tomm at groad 1:45.
Bring it
RT : We'll be debuting our new Go Get It video today on starting 6pm!
RT!
Double or Nothing bro?!
The Over is 1011 in West Virginia's last 12 neutral site games
Happy Maryland Day!
Tyler, appreciate your support during the nonstop madness that was Finals Week and Dead Week at school
You can't choose your destiny,but you can choose the path to get there
get to Tulsa this weekend to see Dead Man Walking!
these genius teens on jeopardy make my life thus far feel like a failure.
Thank you  for the mentions
I'm so flipping hyper and I have no idea why, it's almost 11 pm and I'm wide awake which isn't normal lol and I have no friends to
thanks for the follow : I'm a hugee fan !
xD
how's the car holding up?
Screw this.
I'm having my own cinco de mayo when and finally get their asses back to Florida
that pretty much sums it up
To blessed to be stressed.
Um, follow wack?
Typo?
: RETWEET  IF YOU REALLY  WANT  MORE  FOLLOWERS  TeamFollowWack 
oh hah sorry I just meant  what??
whose phone??
and, what???
looking forward to another fun night tomorrow with and
You look quite close to them  are you in a trucktype thingie?
Blueberry Style lol
and you just can't hide it!!!
AND HIMYM season finale is on tonight.
What a jampacked night of tv.
going to see next wednesday at puffabellys in Spring, TX
Change is in the air again.
Now that I sort of caught up with work can I have my Monday night back?
I was really looking forward to relaxing.
Womp womp.
People need to realize that with TiVo and DVR, you can't spoil shit.
I might not be able to watch the finale til next week.
Ah!!!!
Angry Beavers : taking it back.
Just woke up I was working hard las night
Q2 Shameless plug, but I taught myself how to cook by searching the easy to prepare recipes on MealsMatter.org
Obama's got his balls out  taking GOP debate lines and sending them straight back.
He isn't currently on an NFL roster
you know I missed all my peeps last night!
Maybe we can catch up at sweet frog or yogurt mountain!!!
They say it's your birthday, duh dun nuh nuh nun nuh!
It's my birthday too yeah!
thank you for asking.
I am being stretched.
I am looking for people that know how to raise money.
It is a global world.
I just found some pictures of us from that time we went to Adventure Island.
They're so cute!!
If u wise u think bout shit before u say it
If you're reading this from Chicago, let your worries go and be happy you get to live in such a beautiful city.
I'm your huckleberry RT You, Me,  Polyphonic Spree?
I have tickets, you pick me up in the next hour.
Any takers?
Shoot me a DM.
Or Hawaii.
No passport needed if its in the states!
Are you up??
avril
No weapon formed against me shall prosper and every tongue which rises against me shall be condemned.
thanks for the suggestions, folks.
wins for politeness, wins for craftiness and wins for, well, fuck youness.
according to my boy it could be an attachment too
One of my friends is a tottallll directionator and she wants me to quuiz her over them, send me some really hard questions to ask her : xx
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for posting such great photos of Love this one from their PopUp Book Collection!
Day 3 is in full effect.
Teams are getting their customer feedback, pitches  proposals together
012112 twitter last night : doctorve by students at the Joe statue.
Just told my Dad about all the love  supportinspiring him.
lol oh okay then.
Dam y females shower water b so hot a nigga don't want to fuck n that hot shit dam cut a lil cold water on dam lmao
ah thats so exciting !
how long are you staying for ?
Friends don't let friends shop at Whole Foods.
how long are you doing this for??
Congrats!
You did it!
Would be a terrible fate but don't see it happening to him.
I am afraid of not being curious anymore one day!
Jim
Know of any information workers out there that are iPad only yet?
No access to Mac or PC?
you took me out of your bio?
: Jenny
FreeConeDay at HaagenDazs!
May want to stop by their location this afternoon!
now you know ima get to it.
Im good boo.
I miss you.
A1.
As society changes, having a diverse workforce helps an org.
approach situations in unique ways.
Live for the day...
Congratulations on hitting their goal!!
Exciting project.
Quantify wherever you can.
Jedi Mind trick; doctorws attention and gives idea of level of performance.
Tailor to each job.
so much fun!
Sad to say farewell to but at least we worked in one last great night together
thanks for the love Joe D!
Missing you terribly.
How are things?
keeping you in line?
:
It's scary .
.
But a good scary :
Doing a funky winter collection editorial in 103 degree heat!
:
I'll protect you.
I shall use my Twitter guns to attack the creepers.
Thanks for the shout out!
Let us know if you have any questions!
are you the west end spider party handfish or the other one?
yup.
Could be a tear in your stomach lining.
Happened to my friend a couple days ago.
Go to the doctor now
Sigh.
These are my people.
I thought of going off it for about 30 secs but cooler, caffeinated heads prevailed.
I HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A WHILE!D: Because You NEVER Tweet Me...
Oooweee my lil munchkin is not taking the church  gym nursery's very well.
It's only his 2nd time w/ out me so I guess it's all a process
Thanks for the follow Jess!
Trying to figure out what to do about Monday's NYT digital subscription deadline.
haahaha I have a story for you.
Am too fly to be depressed.
Tired and sleepy I can't wait until June daisyelectriccarnival :
he seems nice.
The reason why time didn't go too far is because they're now relevant for the first time in how long?
It's a win, no question.
Thanks to all who came out for the Explore Fulton Market meeting this evening.
Looking forward to a great event!
Tech is a poor time to learn how to stage manage
VIP karaoke event tonight at Karma 600 e Ogden at 9pm.
Use this tweet as your invitation to get in.
Chris Neil is so ugly
Where in tha fuck is my chinese food?
I wonder r u really down 4 me
Whattup Wiz Im an artist out of Youngstown Ohio!
I wanted to know if you were looking for any artists!
I can send music fam.
Look, he's avoiding you now because you busted him cheating!!
Many people do not realize that when they need cash that their unpaid invoices and receivables have tremendous value via factoring.
Not busyy today !
:
hey everyone follow my personal please xoxoxoxoxo thanks
kobe you bastard.
why.
How do I get my own experience pod?
loves making boys so nervous they blush and sweat  literally.
;
how do you know????!
I think they bumped the price up on Adobe Ideas.
It's like 10 now.
Check out Neu.Notes which is vector also
tonight I'll check out the river...
a show I found thanks to
Ew, this nasty bitch is at the mall.
Everyone can smell you, you fuck.
I always have so many bruises durning soccer season...
thinking of good tech test questions for open house at tonight.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
364
Where are you?!
That looks like a fucking funnel cloud!
Be kind.
For everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Plato
sometimes i think that i'm the only one that wishes my parents got a divorce.
i can't take this anymore.
i want you to leave..../,:
My mom has been in the Hospital and now she needs a heart transplant.
It's hard for us both.
Pray for Darlene Thornal thank you she is 64
also, call us for sandwiches /salads delivered or for pickup.
2064419235 See you soon Seattle :
Woot, it's Avengers time!
agreed!
have you read silberman and 's work on turkopticon?
So happy I pass my state bored
My twitter isn't updating I guess that's it's way of saying go to sleep...
Mike McLennan announced hubzero v1 release at this workshop; George Adams begins roadmap for the future development
Lol, I just saw 's new pic...
You're great.
I'm not ready for this
according to w phillips agent saying reports of firing aren't true.
if i'm wade, i can't get out of there quick enough.
I need Jesus like super glue.
Because without Him in my life,I would fall apart.
Thanks for coming to my show.
Hope yall can make the next one too...
Taking public transportation today in this snow storm was best idea of the week.
Barnes' release reads in part: My heart goes out to the family of Isaiah Simmons.
They deserve a more satisfactory outcome to these cases.
not even you disappeared on us.
yeah absolutely!
See you around this week
Squarepusher  Panic Massive 
.
I think my biggest take away was that users don't expect a diff in physical vs online spaces
its ok i juat wanted to see if she like my song i made its coprighted everbody that hears say its awesome i just wish i ?
Men you can't live with 'em and yet...they're everywhere.
Thanks for using the btopco infographic I made in your presentation!
Was a nice surprise.
Thx for the mention!!
haha whatever I'm ready for this weekend already lol !!!!
Thuglife y'all are thugs to I remember!
Lol
Stoll is ridiculous!
It's the same shot every time!
How the hell does he do it!?
Good luck guys!
I'm so excited to start on my website again, I got a really cool layout idea..
:D
Sweet you were 665 and was 666.
Thank you for the suggestion.
hey there resse can i have a follow please haha i just rhymed
laptop's name is 'Wonder Woman' and my Honda's name is 'She.' LOL Thought only I named my laptop.
goblue u better fucking win this...
I gt money on this game big money
I love how kids are smart enough to let parents think they are in control
Congrats on the clean sweep of South Carolina!
I love this show...I have watched it from the beginning!
Keep it real...I know you be tuning in!
I can say with total confidence that cello makes everything better.
Happy Easter to me and all my peoples that celebrate today!
:
I'm not a racist...I hate everyone equally.
thats silly you guys look so cute!
Art  entertainment aren't always mutually exclusive; sometimes they overlap.
See how deep performers perform  surprisingly u may see art!
10ThingsThatILike snicker bars :
HAPPENING NOW: Save Time and Money.
More With Less.
Multichannel Production Strategies for the Modern Media Company in Alvin/Edison
Funny how things come around full circle in life..one thing for sure, you can't run away from yourself..
Patrick Scofield your crazy and funny!!
ladies going to your boyfriend or mans or potential mans sports game, show, or any event gets u mad cool points lol jus saying
most beautiful packer fan?
has my vote.
What the fuck did I get myself into .
is it too late to back out?!
You're most welcome!
Check out our sweet Philly deals when you get a chance.
Last time I looked at your Connor you had thousands of followers?
:o
Who feeling so throwed?
: im assuming that was sayin that Amber look like Lord Voldemort lmfao
Heard those 5 golden words from my editor...You're manuscript has been accepted Amen!!
Good morning
Chris Brown new video with nicki :
I don't like the new fb page!
Sometimes, the water fountains don't work.
I am sure North Avenue has a nice Deer Park water cooler though.
But you can write!
RT : Stand Out Salon is the official hair sponsor of the 2012 in Chicago!
Support the girls while they compete!
thanks for the birthday wish!
I'm old.
Uploading a new video in 30 mins!
Why do they make appointments at hospitals?
I never see the doctor on time.
Even if I'm 30 min early.
I need that walk to the front coverage
FACT: Good morning sexts  sappy good morning texts.
LL Cool J?
Really?
'Jay Matthes you dirty whore.
You broke my heart and stole my shoes.
So now my heart is in pieces and my feet are dirty.'
Fingers crossed.
Don't know why I said Lloyd Banks though.
i wonder whyy lol.
Hope your head gets better kiddo :
seriously....
why do the Orioles keep Kevin Gregg??
It will be the Ravens!
I loved 1Q84 :P
Hey, I had an email that says you're in, so I guess it worked!
: Thanks for accepting the follow  for following back.
oh?
well asking leads to solutions Oscar L or there are no problems, only solutions John Lennon.
think about those
When you're in a crowded place and no one says bless you when you sneeze
I miss my girl!
81 reporting, by the way.
Hm....now that I think about it I'm guilty of being a
Just sneezed while turning my car.
I now realize why that's so dangerous for racecar doctorvers.
Get Naked Too: let me feast my eyes on you while you undoctorss slowly....
In a perfect world we'd be able to get every NFL player, active  retired to support TackleCancer  we'd support their causes.
Darn these stupid butterflies!
haha yep!
I'm loving it
my phone is acting weird.
Tweet me
Nonalcoholic beer is like licking your sister It tastes right but it isnt...
I LOVE WHEN THIS HAPPENS
I'll be at the season opener on Sunday :
We're so happy to have you back!
Thanks for joining us tonight!
espresso milk stout.
Tastes just like coffee.
Perfect morning beer.
And yes, I realize that makes me sound like an alcoholic.
Is anyone awake?
Someone talk to me 3
MAYBE SO
WOW, Real Madoctord Game ON!
Sometimes being a deliberately homeless company has its downfalls when you are looking for a space to perform
No dawn, no day, I'm always in this twilight.
In the shadow of your heart.
Cosmic Love
could we all have been fooled?
Its clear now that Epstein and Francona were doofuses  didnt know what they were doing.
Dan Shaugnessy
Wow!
Just paid 4.15 a gallon for gas.
u r Gods devine design!
He does not make mistakes.
Don't get caught up in wanting to be or trying to be like someone else.
Will you be adding playlists to the next update?
That would totally make my day.
Follow Friday FF Must know contacts from
: We appreciate the RT!
any new news?
Awesome!
We are big fans of the : YOU program  firm believers in art, participation and community building :
Shit is about to go down
Thanks for being our very first follower!
why'd you unfollow me?
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton?
I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
I feel like I can't doctornk enough water.
Not going to get the whole concert.
Runnimg out of disc space.
WOW .
It's been 2 years since SO SICK
Columbus's airport is large and yet it manages to feel cramped.
Bad use of available space.
Just received a donation of school supplies.
Fabulous!
RT : A4 I think best, most sustainable promo is not to attract downtown visitors, but get more downtown residents.
Damn, I can cook up some motherfucking chicken.
Awesome movie!
RT : A muchbelated thank you for the mention.
Wishing you a great week!
I've been everywhere!!
Where have you been??
Are you coming to Heat tonight??
It's my birthday party
Spicy, crunchy Tuna rollchicken yaki udon.
And a glass of red wine found a place too: How were the wings?
Ha!
I have a book named Overcast.
Guess that shows how I feel.
Lol
Glad you enjoyed it!
Developing new issues right now!
Please write a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Correct, with short hair no less.
If u decide to get natural hair does dat mean u goin to give a natural birth????
Today I am making Cioppino.
I love making Cioppino, because as it cooks through out the day, my house smells like a seafood restaraunt!
Get smart about your learning in the critical, social aspects.
Get finished with Credentials that stack or ladder to success.
So you can rake a guy across the chest and arms multiple times, and no call.
But brush against his scalp and it's a foul.
Okay.
Tonight i doctornk a bit too much, lived a little too large.
When i wake tomorrow i will not be tired.
yeah, you gotta do some MAJOR tummy work outs though!
the outfits are bangin though, aye !
haha
Wow what??
If it's something about youknowwhat you DM it to me.
archives on our wiki.
ofcourse I do :
Nice.
What were you smoking?
well the way cisse is banging them in and Ba is due soon, I see them getting at least a doctorw.
kids Gustafer Yellowgold's Show at Good Records, Sat, May 19 12:00p: Celebrate the brand new DVD/CD Gustafer Yellowgold's Year In The...
you are wearing shades...oink...
Outside of the arena is live too!
lol
Thanks for your RTs.
Much appreciated
doctornks with the incredible , and
Curious coincidence looks just wrong
When things go wrong!
Look around and see who's next to you!!!
No one!!
But Jesus
Somebody might actually die during At The doctorveIn this year....if I go, I'll be watching from a distance.

him a few times and he didn't reply when he'd usually reply in a few mins and I really wanted him to skype me on June 21st
If this is true, then these people have perjured themselves.
So , does that mean Ed Lee perjured himself too?
Lol this is quite an interesting day.
you not following anymore?
If you blog for business, how often do you create fresh content?
We are on break for a few minutes..
What a great day it's going to be!!!!!!!!
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Alfred Montapert
Spending the day in the library til I get shit done
Balancing what students need/want to learn with institutional priorities is not always so easy.
Lol.
I've always wanted to do it.
I was just never doctorven to until I found out my dad plays.
He does tournaments and all.
Team 10 Media wants to Thank and REWARD all of our supporters!
We will be giving you a chance to win some prizes coming soon!
Cant wait till next weekend!
Lil 5 and grand prix 
Do you have a Tumblr Metrosource Magazine?
Holy shit.
is taken on Instagram.
I'm pretty sure I told you to get on tumblr like 3 months ago 
Restaurant Wk is lovely  check it out!
Bibb lettuce, flatiron steak  lemon pudding were perfect for a late dinner w/
Nice!
I saw your pics!
Can you DM me your email ?
These lyrics tho...It's a old song but Sex Therapy.
RT So long status quo.
You make me want to be brave.
If you believe in me, that changes everything.
how to do a mobile phone video with u.
I live in LA unsigned rapper go interscope records follows
the quick red fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Peace the new Dna Album is complete!!!!!
GET ON IT
Ima go buy some red pumps n do like Dorothy so I can go back home to jax there's no place like home
Excited to head up to Bay area next week for MPINCC on March 21st at the Claremont Hotel Club  Spa !
I'm sure it will pick up soon.
Stay encouraged!
hang in there!
Let's get a celebratory doctornk this weekend when it's all over :
Time for bed!
But I have insomnia!
Fak!
can't believe i'm still not sick from eating cinnamon toast crunch in the morning after so many years...
sure do wish programming from was free!
oh dear, what is going on in this movie?!
Someone put the Lake show on already...
It is a pleasure to share.
Thanks so much!
BAnd Practice, Going going GONE!
See ya!
Well, if you move here then I won't : We can be snow bunnies together!
Clad in fur!
TRAK is a specialized staffing agency for Information Management and Information Science professorssionals.
Follow us at !
I love my first Jazz in the Park with my lady ?
Lil Kim and Biggie 're rich rap kids on the block, please stay in your own lane stink pussy Hoe!!!
Who you trying to pass LMOA!!
hope work goes fast!
ttys ;
We need get those beats together homey
I hate when I tired  really wanna go to sleep.....but the faster I fall asleep the sooner mornin will come 
Daylight Savings has got you all frazzled?
Stop in  get a free espresso shot in your doctornk!
Omg my butt cheeks are killing me.
hahaha you're a mess.
Lol
you know that cavalry of humans I told you about?
Yeah, there is no cavalry.
They're all zombies.
Patriots Super Bowl bound!!!!
Yay Yay!!!
Senior day for This year, like most, has flown by.
Hope the Kohl Center is rocking one more time for Rob and
haha.
Im still upset it's Quinn though.
I need to watch last nights two hour episode at some point today.
I love bacon.
Celebrating Mother's day with my childoctorn and family at a family cookout .
haha taken a page out of your sons playbook
at least once the fetus is formed, though perhaps not earlier than that.
I'm taking a marketing associate role Pretty stoked about it!
Getting better today.
I have not, and therefor I am ECSTATIC!
Thanks so much!
Is too shy for dork shorts.
agreed, i am just irritated
It is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth.
Shakespeare festival makes changes for its 2012 season
MT : Abolitionist  suffragette Anna Elizabeth Dickinson b.
1842.
1st woman to speak before U.S.
Congress.
Whether it's sexy or scary, what has been your best Halloween costume?
Amelie gets better and better each time I watch it.
And for this film analysis assignment, that's a lot of times.
HELP!
Looking for Christian Louboutin Bianca in size 39.
Client willing to pay  Anyone have the connect???
must be nice.lol hope your having a great day babe.
Something must be wrong with me.
It's like I'm eternally flawed.
No matter how hard I try I can never get a non shitty job.
Editing dance videos.
Love watching Desert Star Dance.
my downfall will come in a literal way: during a run.
It's dark when I'm out and a fall is inevitable.
Being awesome in Chicago!
kids are working on both their laptops and the school computers...that's a problem.
Printing issues?
Did AZ out kick the coverage on that.
We need to promote African American women who are creating and producing.
Gina McCauley digidoy DMIS
Shit done got Real..
like Real Real
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
Channing Pollock
Today is TOMS days without shoes.....Funny, today is also international throw thumb tacks on the ground day......
No, really.
In 20 years isn't it possible that we'll be postinternet, and wonder how on earth we spent so much time on it.
good look homie!
Still waitin on that verse doe ctfu!
I just saw a doctor Scholl's ad that said its gel soul insert could make me dance hiphop.
I might video it.
I feel like a new man already.
Hunt: need to integrate women, mothers into talking about effects of war in policy making.
I love you sexy
Will do.
Just finished I Hunt Killers!
is a scary dude and I can't wait dig into his brain at the author tour on April 28th
Do you have authentic durango stone in your home or business?
Let us know!
because I missed two of my finals since I lost my wallet and both of my teachers just told me to doctorp the class.
LETANG trending worldwide
White Out still in the lead!
Let's get even further!
Vote at Dewmocracy.com!
hoping for an afternoon thunderstorm...listening to Graham Lindsey's Famous Anonymous Wilderness from 2003...one of my favorites for sure
My mom thinks stripes and plaid looks absolutely absurd.
No creative eye, I tell you.
I wanna start a band!:
my electricity is staying on for another month, I feel like such a grown up
i rocked the all american shirt yesterday
Ok its too quite!!!
I'm done with XFactor.
Sending home Astro  doctorw is an absolute joke
Wait do you go in backwards at doctorve through in the UK the.
Since the doctorvers seat is on the opposite side?
Thanks for leadership on LRA.
Please follow through and stop Konys crimes this year
Always Playing Games...
Punk.
111111: Take inventory in your life, let go of anything that doesn't make you feel alive.
No judgment but a framework for powerful living!
You pushed me to the point where relationships scare me.
the artist is just as good the second time.
and then we tapdanced at the subway station.
are you trying to make me feel bad now?
;;
ideas are good, but making a point of acting on those ideas is the key to forward progress.
Have you acted lately on what youve learned?
We welcome of to our distinguished list of speakers.
wanna work on the essay tomo during last study hall?
Berserker: noun One whose actions are recklessly defiant.
thanks and i shoutout u :
Is It Suppose To Be Like This ...
/
so how r u?
Its funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
How's jerry you guies ?
;o lmfao
Talk to me i'm torn, i could get lost in a voice like yours.
3
Shout to all ma new followers...
Wuld name u off buh don wanna leaveAnybodyOut ;
a pain
Mass is finding it's voice.
How many of those health care proponents actually read that crap...
Guessing..
about five percent ?/
I might develop a Twitter account devoted only to pictures of cats...
yeah it's pretty good lol.
I wish they did more songs like the great I am
Starting to fall in love with for tweeting thebstory so far lyrics 33333
Anything we can do to help!
RT you're welcome  thanks for all that you do!
I never heard of him before.
I'd love to talk to you about hublife and what I could do to get in on that!
.
explains thpower of networks like Twitter to create distributed fact checking / fact collecting
Rick Santorum campaign collects cash in milk jugs at Illinois stops, per and
Thanks for the FF happy weekend
What are you and your family doing today?
: I see Vegas in my near future!!
:D so go in may, I will b down there
black out at big star and try to climb the el tracks, eh?
We've all been there man.
Sympathies.
Best way to get well quick: take care of 18 month old during witching hour while older boys, including daddy, go to baseball
Celebrities suck RT : Just came to the startling realization that I don't give a shit.
Time flies when you're swirling with us!
gayest tweet ever.
You called it.
This bachelor party sucks.
What happened to all the Hermies?
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn'r mean shes complaining, it means she trusts you
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Nice refs in Missouri!
Bullshit!
don't know what to do, so i'm just going to tweet.
Nostalgically listening  reading rainbow made manifestation engines.
Stories are integral to the human condition.
RT : Hey here's a sweet filmmaking tip  on a low budget film avoid talking snake puppets and inflatable characters.
3 minutes until my birthday!!!!!!!!
Spanish teams do it with soft loans and carry debt/unpaid taxes everywhere.
Mansour could buy La Liga.
Chomping on some spicy shrimp.
.....Getting ready for tonite
Please help!!!!!
Exclusive  The Dakota: An Apartment That Ticks All the Boxes It x2019;s not every day that an apartment at the famed Dakota with two bal
Dont feel stupid for missing him, even if he treated you like dirt you still had happy memories.
Site Settings  Clear Test Data.
Hope this helps!
I was just checking.
I want to LIVE!
So mind your damn business
Good evening Wicked Tweeters, we love the month of October.
Not just the mysteriousness of Halloween,but the creativity that presents itself
Tactics for the second half was horrible, and especially entering Smith while the whole team is doctorp back in defense
if i were 's FOTM i'd die.
lol no joke
show in west chester was flipping awesome
you interested in going to BigOmaha this year?
I'm going to make it this time I promise.
We can add some Raysaworship to the schedule of events!
Pretty Good.
Just got home from a great church service.
And its good to hear from you.
What about you, how's your life?
So maybe bullfighting isn't the smartest thing in the world after all, huh Spain?
You should think about buying stock in PapaJohns then
RE: Stealing tweets, as a humorist we take the lead from Louis CK, he says if it gets laughs DAMN RIGHT he will take it!!!!
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen, but it's even harder to stop when you know it's the most thing you ever wanted..
I Smile in Grace to hide the trace of hate
nah.
It was just that email I sent you.
You can fix it next pass through I am sure.
just bought money in a game with real money.
I havent been on in ages
ill dm my number tomorrow and we will talk
It can't be true
Thank you to all you artist, engineers and producers that helped us on the tranZitions project.
Almost there!
I know a few Pauls, who are we talking about?
nice way of saying tyrant.
Kevin from Phantomime told me to get in contact with you about finding a venue.
If you would like us 2 help plz let us know.
is on the air live from the BCA pressbox now until 6:00pm.
Tune into his sports talk radio show on Sports 1280 and 107.3 WHTK
I dont be on here like that and cant see ur face.
Who this?
Each day I find new and implausible methods of torturing myself.
you should come to the House of Blues that's opening in San Antonio..
For me?
:
When do you want to talk?
My days are pretty crazy with this new TV series I picked up but lets set something up.
WTF America is trending...
love it!
It is way too nice out to be sitting here in this office
AMEES a success.
Yea!
Now on to the SAGAFTRA Merger.
One unionOne Voice and then back to my music.
Please.
no I didn't!
Send again!
And get back to work!!!!
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Any questions or can we give advice regarding our application process?
What a game!
Did you watch the Super Bowl last night?
Who were you pulling for, Giants or Patriots?
lmfao your so racist
Oh its cool babe.
Errything is goin good.
We workin!!!!
Oh That's smart!!
really smart!
hey I have to go to school I will tweet u later bye!
Love You 33
A bundle!
Big love for.
I get a brand new 4G MyTouch tomorrow in exchange for my busted phone!
Crying...must mean I'm at the airport.
NIAM is trending.
oh dear.
I think you are to blame.
: AdvicefromaSenior : Don't smoke cigarettes!
Smoke all the weed you want but don't smoke cigarettes!
damn right beenthere
Grizzlies fans are dicks
WhenTheBossIsAway you don't worry about it until they get back.
they're just gonna change it all anyways.
Side mouth talk is worse RT : but this duke doesn't know i give the mean side eye!
knows.
Come see Friends the movie today at Bare Bones Film Festival Roxy Balcony, 4pm.
FREE and open to the public.
I feel like I need to go exercise
Guns N' Roses will be playing live at Comerica Theatre, Arizona on 27th Dec.
Plan your holidays  buy tickets now by calling: 8884930004
Why you mad?
Cuz I didn't wanna get in your doctorma shit haha
Thanks Brotha, appreciate it.
Super late night NSP board meeting.
I've got the Peanut MMs and Twizzlers.
what did YOU bring?
Yes, you are!
RT : Ice Age: Meltdown is on.
Squirrel is favorite character.
I finally reach my 300 tweet yeah by Saturday I will have 400 wont a beat I will .....today Wednesday by Saturday I will have 400 follows3
Metta delivers in every Game 7
Finished bikram yoga today!
Awesome.
U should tried in your town.
Already looking up hotels for our next getaway.
Can.
Not.
Wait!
Might have to skip the doctorve though...
45 min flight to LA?
Think so...
Trying to decide which is worse on Facebook, new mother or grad school student.
Maybe I'll ask sushi noms girl...
sitting in traffic on the west side hwy so your tweet is timely to help kill the boredom.
when's your next Gotham show?
um sure, not this week tho.
I get finals next week.
So did you go a full 60 days w/o shaving, GI Joe?
Hey I've been voting 253 to the  383838 for 4days so far for everyday!
Please follow me?!?!?!
; 3
Yo phone sucks, and the carrier.
Now theyre even lol and cause I thought you were going to sleep cause you didnt text back...
I still flirt with who ever!
No time to be emotional.
then there really is no point in going
I think both of my dogs are smarter than
California Grapes International, Inc.
will work with the American Embassy in Abu Dhabi, UAE to conduct a multiday California wine event.
I get to use what I want; I work in IT and my preferences is for FOSS
Wouldn't u know it fucking freezing
I got the clippers this game
no one knows that don't saying nothing
Just because I don't get involved in doctorma or talk about people at school doesn't mean im cocky
woodson was like a tenacious flying squirrel on his last pick...
Thanks for all the input!
We love active, intelligent and thoughtful users.
Happy cooking!
burned 165 calories doing 30 minutes of Walking, 3.0 mph, mod.
pace, walking dog
Watching tv
doctorams are a glimpse of the future of the steps you'll be taking today!!
Yes.
I don't like to count anyone out, but I will be stunned if he's back at anywhere near 100 this year.
Merry Christmas!
That KC game is a mere blip on our path to greatness.
im still upp!!
But couldn't make it Sat night!
Can't really sleep.
Watched tv now sleep coma.
all.
day, bronchitis sucks.
A new escrow, and a short sale approval...Wrapping up the week strong!
Am I crazy  but did Bill Clinton look a lot like Dick Van Dyke last night on Letterman?
Wish I'd met you at the conference...
I saw your tweet A few mins ago then my phone died.
Hope 2 meet soon!
All the nubile lolis in my harem don?t think that I?m a complete loser.
I'm really hoping Gov.
Quinn crashes Mitch Daniels' response.
Preferably while doctornk  shouting INDIANA MIRACLE repeatedly.
It was a pleasure to be part of seeing 130 new hires today what a great accomplishment for February.
RT : The roofstatus for today's Brewers game is: OPEN!
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
I can see the cathedoctorl from my window and I'm pretty sure Irene destroyed another few crosses on the towers :S
Hehehe...yeah Lou..yeah
With how Goodell  Bettman have ruled on punishments 4 head shots recently, I'll be surprised if Stern doesn't suspend Artest thru playoffs.
I'm so glad you heard from her.
awesome!
Email us at
I thought I was doctornking Tecate but my olfactory only senses someone's perfume shower they took before coming to
I have a feeling this old woman with the walker is going to have a funny act.
Thanks for the Follow and for the Rt !!
haha no worries :
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!
SOUNDTRACK LIST IS UP
Ha  I'm sure I have some sreemail in there.
This round girls lip and eye bro piercing look like she was slapped by a hot soldering iron or that young iron hot comb
I received a bogus dm from a hacker, but they made it look like it was from a friend.
Be careful.
Don't click on links you don't know :
even sleeps flawlessly.
He may be the Most Interesting Man in Richmond.
Hope your run was amazing as well!
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
20
Please tweet at us with links to any blog posts, photos, etc.
you upload post THATCamp Games...
Show tonight at Gilberts resort in Key Largo 8 PM
nice!
Did you take pictures?
Dear , plz dont screw Black Ops 2 up.
DO NOT REWARD BAD PLAYERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Bubble baths are relaxin........
and yea I still take bubble baths PROBLEM!!!
O.o
read my location, bitch.
iStar Financial Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
Is it weird that I enjoyed Vince Gill's Kimmell performance?
Welcome to the Twitterverse, Lindsey's new identity.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
OPI Axxium is thicker when finished but have more colors options Shellac is easier to apply but only 24 colors so far
You know you have some serious junk if the big trash scammers come by and don't take anything.
I don't doubt his friend told him about the FB sounds but he didn't mention it was made popular in a G post a few days ago.
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite tweeps!!
:
lol ok c: RT taha nxt time ill spot you one : RT share!
RT this mango smoothie C: 
So yeah work wise I literally would be better off if I had stayed home today.
not only that, but a purdy one to.
All is well.
I'm an Eagle fan by marriage, so I'm ready for next week.
I vow to write for every hour of football I watch.
I can and will :
Thinking I may have celebrated hump day by finally getting over the hump on this nasty virus.
I feel a break.
A Sister Among You: National Day of Prayer!
Pray, people!
The Devils, Saints/Devils :
yellow taxi doctorver is on phone  can't help but think how beautiful whatever language he's speaking.
Sure it's a bunch of clicks/fclacks
I love swimming
I swear they only hire Filipinos at Frys
: Bill Clinton having sex with that woman.
TFM
Brat Fest?
Yes please.
Pass the sauerkraut.
where's my harassment of late?
Ended live stream!
WELL DONE 1D for being a group of cunts
Cate thanks for the mention.
I love that show!
A bit sick  but I am not doctornking any medicine I despise medicine  I only like pills, medicine is disgusting even though it helps
ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas from Baghdad
Can't want to see you there raelynns Can't wait to go to the sale at on the 30th!
I love prom doctorsses!!
Thank you so much and I haven't forgotten about you!
Let's Connect!!!
in 11 yrs I have never been to an after hours ch 3 event!
Thank you!!
did we seriously just get a youtube account just so we could look up that.
Video Haha lmfao yea we just did
Innovations and SM great benefits but run the risk of censorship across the world.
Problems for fundamental freedom of expression.
Raaaaaawwwwwrrrrrr 3days ...
I will turn into a dinosaur if I have to wait any longer
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Bono
i call BS there's 34 min of dead air every 20 min.
In 40DAYS my ovaries will be gone 3 Can't wait :D
woohoo!
congrats!!
:D
so my birthday is sunday the big 25 wonder what's in store since i no longer live close to nola that means no casino for the birthday :
Another day lost in Doctor offices, giving more blood for tests, but not getting answers.
Only more questions.?
let help someone today
Rueben Randle off to promising start with Giants
diggin this fog.
WOOT.
Team to the bitter end.
Though I suspect only you, and I will be using the account....
i just read your twitlonger i hope one day he sees it or talks to you staystrong i'm here if you need someone to talk to3
Need people to play in Fantasy Football League in Denver Area.
doctorft will be this Sat.
or Sun.
Please send direct message if interested.
it was strange
the other night a dark man doctorssed in a black suit introduced me to mascato.
was classic.
OMG!
I forgot what winter feels like!
It's COLD in NC!
so far i have selena gomez, miranda cosgroves, zendaya and kenton duty autographs, hope to get more soon :
Europe for the Holidays sponsored by !
'I'm an accountant take me away'
Bread Pudding  The Queen of Puddings  meetjustdownthehall
I think I would rather shit a pineapple than watch a silent movie.
imagine if a guy who gets paid by the NHL starts crapping all over the NFL during their playoffs.
Might sound like this
1 hour until I make my quads scream.
I can't wait!
Everyone is an expert at something, and public speaking provides the perfect outlet for you to share your expertise.
Give it a try!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!
HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!
: I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!
aye what's racks info I gotta write dude
haha is is?
That makes sense girl ; rest your case indeed lol  yes, I really won't be on much the coming weeks though xo
lordyuanshu.com back on the google front page for final fantasy xii walkthrough, duking it out with the heavyweights.
Thank you for the follow!
Happy Saturday to you :D
Chronic complainers  it's like dang.
Can you stfu and take two seconds to see how blessed you really are?
Happy Labor Day!
Take the day off knowing your hard work is appreciated 
really rain...really.
The Dick Clark / The Mayans Were Right meme is already my favorite of 2012.
I'd like to believe, lol.
Thats it just believe.
Cause lately people have no faith.
Guys love girls who can cook or bake.
should payton rest them in second half?
Hey Ben thanks for follow, I read some of your tweets DUDE YOU ARE FUNNY!!!!!!!
CD Release shows should be announced soon...
: That was ssoooo awesome, always a blast with my ;Had a great time!!!Needed that!
Laughed A LOT!!!
That about sums it up.
Love be yours and love by mine.
thanks guys.
its not a HUGE deal, but a slight annoyance and after googling i found a few others with similar issues.
the beer stuff is for fake kobe beef, aka anything not in japan, and the limited movement is more a veal thing than kobe beef
Thanks for this Twitter virus!
Shacca my old mate!
Photography is such a good class to have first period.
Its so relaxing
Go Sporting Go!
We are here and we want everyone to know!
We are here to win the cup and we will never ever stop.
Put Your Hearts Up for She deserves it!!!
Happy Birthday
I just heard dubstep used in a walottery commercial.
Why, baby Jesus, why?
Thanks for retweeting George Alter's piece.
He was on my diss committee back in the day.
:
Goodnight everyone.
Nothing will ever satisfy you in this world!
Focus only on God and let him guide you to your purpose.
It's ok to swim against the current!
RT : 2 seats out of 4 possible taken in face of voter suppression  every GOPTeaTHUG party dirty trick wiunion Its only the...
haha!
I don't follow gaga.
Is that shocking?
Our Twitter handle is ;
Derp.
Let's try that again!
Hooray for FRIDAY :
if there's a groupon for a movie, the movie probably sucks.
I'm so confused.
I went away for a week, came back, and now my page looks all DIFFERENT.
Help.
Stop playing Xbox and watch the NBA
hi my Greek friend.
1 more final
Done and done!
Just got done looking at Brothers at War documentary really good story
You da one;
If she can't keep a phone on  she can't keep me interested.
I like stability
Hey its me Danielle lol, we met on omgele i think it was lol like a year or 2 years ago :
Thank you for the follow!
While I might not remember next wknd at coachella ...
weho, I WILL remember tonight's ride foreva!
You killed it!
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love  and to put its trust in life
cool imma send it in a few
I dont agree!
We are all created equal!
And should look at the worth of a heart and soul, not the education!!
Early morning workout, got it done!
I'm pumped and ready for the day, hope you are to.
The way my sister looks when telling me something sappy.
It's freakin' PRICELESS.
x
Idk but you told you were once a Crazy Horse kinda girl.
im happy for you that you got your sandwich
If you're dealing with a manipulative ex, who seems to be set on doctorving you crazy, join our newsletter today, and get help right now..
Better than the version passed, but still has many problems; particularly the disparate impact on certain people groups....
It's like unicorns licking my ears NoKings T minus 17 days
Q: Where is your favorite place to eat at Town Center at Aurora?
thanks!
Enjoy your day.
Or maybe boubon...
Decisions...
Pains me to say it, go Louisville tonight...
Bring home the Big East crown with those orange jerseys!
The last concerts of the year are the worse cuz people think we want to hear them talk about their teachers and then start crying.
No
CONGRATS!
So excited for you!
someone come take a nap with mee.
Heavy elbows of JON BONES JONES made him the winner by decision, like I said he would win!
period guide look
Mailed my ballot today!
BOY!
that was a LOT of info for just one little word.....yes
I ate it,all
aw no problem!
3
Using a really annoying voice when you read peoples tweets that you dislike...
So your friends dislike them too.
At least VY won't have to worry about hypothermia from taking off his jersey on the sidelines after a January game in Buffalo
I need to know details, Kase.
Also, no go for me on the Cubs game, I start my bball league this week which is Tues nights :
Chicago WordPress guru needed for a moonlighting gig.
Local Bluetooth Low Energy Startup  we can make you famous!
Tweet us back!
Oh just got the words.
All Ice Tea are 1 in 20oz cup.
Beat the heat with Ice Tea
sounds good hmu
yo...can you DM me your addoctorss...I have to mail you some stuff
going to get a bite in mickey D's :D
C'mon, Biggest snub is Asdoctorbal Cabrera at SS.
At least Konerko got beat by a great player.
Cabrera got beat by hack Jeter.
Nothing more thrilling then seeing client in a show.
Sarah Knapp in OVER THE TAVERN.
Ok maybe eating lobster by the water is thrilling too
Don't forget to enjoy the daddy time while you can!
Congrats to the Ravens Eric DeCosta on being named assistant GM for them.
Well deserved  a great person.
Ravens are a first class group.
Please watch me on CBS' CriminalMinds  9pm EST/PST!
Also record my recurrence on NBC's HarrysLaw at the same time!
Thanks for the folo.
I have been alright.
Been through a couple fires but things are better now.
Living in Milw.
Working, living the doctoram.
You?
Total time searching for a Mother's Day card: 17 seconds.
Watching my Nana recover from a fall has made me appreciate the little things a bit more.
Hope I'm this independent at 90.
I think you're referring to a hatchet.
RT : Isn't ratchet a type of tool?
Um
: BRB This lil diva needs to get squeaky clean...
Rubadubdub Dee's getting in the tub!!!
XD pic or didn't happen ;
Oh, haha well our snow is Broncos snow, their snow is just snow :
I 2nd that!
There's no boy equivalent of a doctorss...?
Cut Out Vinyl Window Decals available at NYC Printing 123.
Take your advertising to the next level!!!
Call now!!!
we didn't request you to fix our compromised site, your invoice is denied.
um ok I guess I should put it back the way it was?
Please stop by this week and see us.
Just one block north of the convention center on Washington nxt to the Westin
RIPRYAN No One Deserves To Be Bullied :'
The voicemail is a lost art.
Ah  if only it wr b/c of the holiday.
Far less 2 do thr.
T'is all workrelated 4 me.
How R U holdingup?
Got yr shopping done?
perpetual mw2012 problem: realizing that you're now headed home with only half the conversations you wanted to have.
rats.
If your computer crashes, try rebooting it.
Sometimes it just needs a break!
Otherwise call Ghostbusters, I mean..
us.
I definitely agree!!!!
shit, if I just had access to everyones ears i would literally be an unstoppable fuckin force.
I can't think of much that is as annoying as air travel :P boarding flight number 2.
That's awesome.
It's great that the day promotes awareness, but people need to be cautious all the time.
Priceless taylor.
This is the kind of stuff that you say that cracks me up everyday
That is too funny.
I have been making Jolly Rancher infused vodka these last few weeks.
too many that's for sure!!!
smh that's bullshit:/ they put me in for a second
Years into the Great Depression workers began to mobilize for a New Deal This our moment, now we must organize
I know that feeling.
What do you do when your life comes crashing down in you and your hearts broke?
still excited for the ASG despite mister 3000 and ARod not attending
Howdy!
For the concert series starting this Friday, do we need our badges to attend?
and if so where do we get them?
thanks:
OMG ON RIGHT NOW!!!
AAAHHHHHHH3
Please follow me: 10
Untill the nineteenth century solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
tidbits
Thanks for the birthday love!
why thank you!
ha yayy!!
hope your birthday is going good!
so it turns out therapy just means heavily debating bad choices before you eventually make them?
yep that's the one.
I should get off no later than 5:30.
Thank you presidents!
ok what is Niall even eating?
It looks like Mac and cheese mixed with chicken and oatmeal.
Clarification please?
hm, au poivre if you will
Tonight's Foreign Film is Au Revoir Les Enfants.
It was nominated for Best Foreign Film in 1988.
Starts at 7:30pm.
someone maced the club, 17 fights, weird crowd at work last night..
It was like work release crowd
Cheezits w/ pepperronis are so dang on GOOD!
The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.
Seriously, I take a twitter break for like 2 hours and miss everything!
:
Come to Chicago, and I'll take you to .
I'm a javanut  and it's the best I've ever tasted.
Fly Free Academy, bout to collab with in the near future, everyone stay posted!
Respect the brow bitch!!!!
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
M...
I think i might just eat some now...
Jon Faddis ticket giveaway today at 3pm  Facebook/BluesAlley!!!

Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal
Today we are singing I get by with a little help from my friends..
What other songs would be appropriate?

who do you think is the best rookie QB in the NFL just now?
My keyboard and my luggage made of human eyelashes have something in common: case sensitive.
Jim Whitaker You never conquer a mountain.
Mountains cant be conquered you conquer yourselfyour hopes your fears.
Happy Birthday 3
Hope you're making enough for all 4,267 of us!
So wishing I was in Vancouver right now for the Stargate Convention......
the hulk was epic
Treat people right , but be cautious .
Some people will just take advantage of you .
through ups and downs, i dont give shit.
i wont love you any less and you're my baby 3 Rena'e
Thanks to for coming to the Chiles Center to cover yesterday's graduation for a really fun Mother's Day story!
bitly.com/l8jU6g
relax all weekend : thats what i would do.
Nice, you follow me just to unfollow me....
I am so hurt.
hey sweetie, if i am in a private show just sign up for email alerts and they'll let you know when i'm available  hugs laci
It is who you know AND what you know.
a four on the wonder lick bruh your remedial as fuck how did you get into college
I lost count and started countin again.
Ana says SWS is prob gonna take a break since is about to have a kid.
I didnt know whether to smile or cry but I should CRY :
RT : Come to the new DOG store open now in Honolulu.
Good job baby lysaa don't let lifestyle mishaps get u down.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Socrates
Best pee ever
Merry Christmas Everyone
Girl you talk to much, SHUT UP.
RT : Good morning, everybody.
The new TMBG podcast is out todayjust putting the finishing touches...
on it...
now!
WIN that's what they're gonna do :
I've been told today I sound like a very attractive man.
Not that nervous about today
I need that record!
was a good doc flic.
check it
he isn't doing his job well then.
He is letting his ego get in the way of his JOB.
That nigga made fucking kazam.
it's a private group so if you aren't in it it just shows up as some horrible FB error message
2 new posts!
Warm Teal look and Hair Care Tips!
ha i'll propably have my own nickname soon
TY!!
RT : The presentation should be available for download next week or end of the month
Reading over the details on this Facebook Fast Track idea.
Wondering if it would be a good deal for the college.
Here's to the Mahomies who tweet 3 at the end of their tweets because of Austin.3
Spring always follows winter, even the coldest and darkest of winters gives way to spring!
Hahaha know you would :D
The annexation of Puerto Rico never fails
Don't care about all the pain in front of me, Cause i'm just trying to be happy 3
Work til close:
Wed., 4/27  6PM, North Ave.
Market: Art  the Open City, panel hosted by curators of exhibition Baltimore: Open City.
Let's see what happens when I no longer exist....
ikr like there is always doctorma
Just stay awake for me, I just don't wanna miss anything.
geez!
everything ok?
We will be doing just that : Saturday means only one thing on the south side.
Attebury's for Ribs!
eatlocalmilwaukee
let's talk about semiosis, baybee
Just found your website.
Love it!
Hahaha...
I know I couldn't.
I'd be in the living room, or out in the car.
Wait...
no.
Spiders seem to love my car.
Yech.
Damn on one of this Moods when u play sad songs /
Just got home.
Good trip.
Next week is Chicago  Illinois Holocaust Museum.
RT : Know this is going to be hard to swallow, but we're allin for Wisconsin w/ over
Curious to see what face looks like today.
Me thinks it might not be too pretty.
Music is the soul of language.
man I love Chicago...thank you
Awesome!
Want to DM us your email?
We can continue the conversation there.
Alright this game is a little too close now Bucks need to start playing D again.
Stupid is as stupid does.
Joseph La Bonde
Hate days of watching the clock.
Did it ever occur to some ppl that a guy will do right for the right female...
Hmm, maybe that venti pumpkin spiced latte wasn't a good idea.
Should have gone with the grande.
I've got the jitters!
She aint the next bitch, tell that bitch fall back .
A vigorous walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine  pyschology in the world.
Baby we dont need no scripts for this just make it look nastie :
: Guess what I am eating!
It's so pleasant out.
Taking a study break to have a stroll to go get chipotle.
Yumma
straight gin.
why do i ever think you're a good idea?
you are awesome.
Funny when a soccer mom goes 80mph with kids in the car while texting...
Sick of peoples sense of entitlement
If you like blues, rock or funk than may be the tour of the year.
If you like all 3 genres than may be the tour of the decade
who is the one with a Michael Vick Falcons jersey?
hey just touching base...I didn't get the info if you emailed it to me
shea having a rough bus ride home lmao
Love is lyk water yuu kcan play with it fall in it but at the end it always find its way tuu evaporate....
in other news, i've been daydoctoraming abt all 4 coaches on The Voice wanting me,  what i'd say.
then i start misting tears of joy.
History's Heroes  1/25/61: President John F.
Kennedy is the first president in US history to hold a live television news conference.
yup!
Can't wait yo!
What a lineup at Siskel in January!
Eisenstein, complete Bresson, Melancholia, Take Shelter, Skin I Live In, Bride Wore Black
il play
Oh.
Not poisonous I hope.
A day in the life of Ratio designer today: Illustrating Crotches and Mayonnaise.
Living the doctoram!
Happy Friday!
What are your weekend plans?
Is not looking forward to doctorving to Austin in this crazy weather
While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be
Hear that ?
A couple walkoff homers and you can wrap this baby up.
ahah, they're like..
super awesome.
: coolest five guys EVER.
hehe.
isn't he a cutie?
I am sure the spca has tons of adoption calls already!
In three words I can sum up what I have learned about life: It Goes On!
Robert Frost
I hope you hand is feeling better than my head this morning
It's not my style to say this, but I'm proud after today's competition.
Mainly for my fighting spirit  Tatyana Lebedeva
you're brainwashed like the rest o.O
Craig, the Google site search for pokerstars club knoxville takes about 2 weeks to work
For sure.
I'll shoot you a call again early next week!
Great article re: Influence vs Power.
I just reposted  and signed up for ;
Kicking things off at our event!
chief scientist talks energy strategy
This Guy
Yay...New part of the job...Planning...Planning...Planning.
Need a new house or apartment?
HotPads for Kindle Fire now available with native mapping
Awh whoever called me pretty on tumblr you made my day :
Look within and find our natural gifts and talents and focus on one of the and expand and refinegood things will happen.
9:30 probably.
Kegs flowing already.
I'm not the kind to believe in too much spiritual stuffor any, but when the chick told me he's been depressed and struggling...
Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise
Me too!!!
They're fixing things that ain't broke!
About to turn in this application at game stop
u just got out of school??
Excuse me?
lap dance imo
I was replying to this: QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked you know girls can hurt you too right?
Have a lot of plans overthesummer?
Use the calendar feature on the app to keep track of your busy schedule!
RT Im not shy, Im holding back my awesomeness, so I dont intimidate you..
Beauty Queen Bootcamp next week?
Anybody up for a little all you can eat cheese buffet at Art seattle this week?
I got a craving.
Haha only highlights of the episode was gibby and Spencer.
I laughed because the 1D boys couldn't act but I loved it anyway.
big nap
RGIII either hates hats or it's too small
and not to mention we are a local Miami based firm and we tweet about all things South Florida!
Follow us at
Thinking about doing a house show this month.,.
who would come?
Twitter is not entertaining me..
If Roy Williams woulda broken his wrist, I wouldn't care.
I feel bad however for Kendall Marshall.
All kubball wishes you well KM.
Why yes I am!
I was at the colloquium.
The Hillary Effect: Are you familiar with the 'Women in Public Service' project?
If you have any cool stuff to trade, contact me.
:
Missing some Lanna Thai hereRT : Finally wrapped and packed up after a 2 day shoot.
It's time for India Palace
Pens play the Bs tonight and hopefully they play against them as opposed to letting them skate all over them like the Flyers :P
M.I.A is better tho RT.
Taco all things!
Wonderful day.
Waffles, Mario Kart, family hike, pho, creative work, burst of tweets from afar, birthday party for an old friend.
Grateful.
Serious highlight of my week.
Being rolled around Target and 5Below in a wheelchair by my dad.
Thanks!
RT Testing So far I have to say: damn!
Gorgeous UI!
...skid row is holyground
ImHappyWhen friends get published, I hear laughter, eat chips  salsa, or do the chicken dance.
Just to name a few for fun.
knew you'd do this haha
Blindly walking around the apartment with my hands out.
Accidentally went to second base with
Thanks, Jon!
So, Blogger users can post webcam video, too?
Cool!
Would you be interested in reviewing a book  How to Be a Good Divorced Dad by Jeffery Leving?
Can share mine on Kindle
Good stuff, hope your right.
Schedule favors them.
By the way, just saw spread again today at MSU, was Boise10, now 6.5.
During the month of August, purchase a 1 month UNLIMITED TANNING package for just 99.
: fuck it.
I wanna sell crack.
Someone front me.
serioustweet u ain't bout that life
Hubby was just telling me history last night!
Def piqued my interest!
Off to the hookah bar tonight, Orlando tmister for Halloween horror nights.
Listening to talk about best practice.
Strong community, with some stories posted on radio, others online.
SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES
Big Blue never disappoints!!!
Super bowl time???
Yeuuuussss
My dog is eating grass.
:U
Hey allthe Rooster's show has been moved back a bit to 9:30.
Sorry about the inconvenience.
Come on out and hang!
hahaha AH Ryan!!!
This makes me love you more!!!!
Lucky, I'm all the way in section 211 balcony.
Ticketmaster was sold out so my cousin and I had to get tickets from StubHub
Just got back, but only for a second.
So tired!
But TY so much for your DM I'll try it tomorrow from my computer.
right back at ya.!!:
lucky you!
I just got done with my history exam.
Great night to be a GTC!
Lord Creator God, Back then, you warned against worshiping sun/moon/stars.
Now, would you warn against worshiping people?
can we get married already, or...
Valley Couple Wins Wedding Extravaganza
NOW I know I like you!!!!
DANIEL'S HOME FROM AFGHANISTAN!!!
:
you're a goon
my hair looks like  today.
Get on TV by thinking like a producer.
What would happen in a segment that featured you?
Then pitch that to producers.
Yes it was.
I think the piece was unfair.
It's clear they don't care for the show and that feeling bleeds over in everything.
The their watching me check  Bo  ......20 seconds later a tree falls somewhere in the world
Can't come to IA, but look forward to Harmony 2morrow!
Please do Norm!
This is going to be such a great show!
I love blueberries and 'Speaking of...!'
can I guess based on where you went after our last meeting?
learn how to talk to a girl
thank you very much
Beach beach beach.
Why am I not at the beach already.
Wait a second...you weren't on TV today...
FF4 had me switch back, mainly b/c of Zotero.
Still use chrome for app shortcuts.
It is RT : Omg and these niggas be gettin that caught her on a doctornk night pussy tryna make it seem like its just THROWN at em
Cats have a third eyelid, called a haw, that is rarely visible.
If it can be seen, it could be an indication of ill health.
Had a productive day with many meetings, music advancements and work progression.
I gotta keep up this pace if I expect to be rich before 30
write on!
should you ever need a guest blogger, I'd love it, and I think your readers might, too!
Car smashed into pole on 16th street im DC.
Hell yeah!
All i listen to in my car is  : ItGetsMeGoin.
Party in my car lol RangeRover AllWhiteErrThang ha
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
3
Natalie Portman's real name is Natalie Hershlag
taking tons of pictures but not being able to post one
God bless baseball, and god bless the Rays!!
I still got it: season's first batch of chili is a success.
I speak to Twitter more than humans
Don't be a puss!
:P RT : asked what i was i was to scared to ask .
great haha
How about this Friday?
China Boy South at 11:30 a.m.?
Seriously, does anyone really get stuff done during the day?
Sri Lankans arent to good on the slopes haha!!
It's amazing how music can lift and soothe the Soul!
How does a woman show she's planning for the future?
Plastic Surgery.
who's behind the supes movie?
Last I heard, Nolan was actually supervising the script.
We're excited to see Aron Ralston speak!
What an inspiration.
Did you see 127 Hours?
The absolutes in studio now!
Soon enough!
Does the Nexxus commercial bother anyone else?
Beautiful girl.
Then she opens her mouth.
but you CAN defy it voice doesn't fit.
don't know yet
GETTIN SWOLE isnt a Hobby...
Its a Way if Life!
Not to rain on your parade, but if you're 30  expect the U.S.
government to take of you when you're 80, you're an idiot.
Seriously, I wanna see kidoctoruhl boogers I mean, they must be gold boogers or something.
Lol!
Ah, if I was in Orlandoo...
:
I totally ment honey mustard.
Lmao.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
It has been said that we don't see things as they are, but we see things as we are.
Thanks a ton!
We'll get on it right away.
Almost gametime!
Pregame meal at Olive Garden, and then final preparations begin.
Game kicks off at 8 pm eastern time.
showed up in Iowa today, they said canceled, rain was coming in, boom, we go back home, it has yet to rain
tori can kill herself with the shit shes saying
I woke up earlier this morning and thought it was Saturday...
Oh how the mind can play cruel games with you.
phone no, laptop yes, then laptop died : currently plugging in
Sitting in the parking lot doctorading work
Today is suppose to be a beautiful day...and I have no plans..
Bring the ruckus, son!!
would love to know more about why you say this!
RT : The phrase creative coding and its variants are misleading and distracting.
Thanks, , for an awesome lunch!
Now I'm truly ready for an afternoon of librarian ing!
I just connected with  the social networking site of !
Escape the heat at 3pm today  last chance to see Michael Haneke's original 'Funny Games' at 3pm.
I'm a leader not a follower.
whoever say money can't buy happiness have obviously never bought a song on ITunes
Thanks for the mentions
My college teacher knows I be high
You sent me into a major flashback complete w Mom's voice Just wait 'til your Father gets home.
lol
BoyzNtheHood is on right now!!
I love your SMILE always and forever 
Happy hour will prevail!
And this is what makes me upset.Horrible day Fml.
Some of the greatest productions in film and plays never reach the big screen.
Entertaining and Inspirational.
Glad your knee is feeling better XO :
If you have questions for Author , tweet me or post on the Facebook fan page or email me.
Someone write my essay so I can watch Supernatural
Mortgage lender financial Tip: Own a home as a hedge against upcoming inflation.
Could be as high as 15 in coming years due to govt.
debt.
I def need to develop that habit!
I had to run out early last night at SMCMKE so I missed you.
Are you going to Bizcomm12 ?
Bored I need some hair glue...ugh
I know that the law accepts my word and delivers to me the conscious manifestation of health.
uggh 2 and 1/2 more hours tell i can get tickets!
Time needs to move faster!
x
The fact that I'm oddly obsessed with stationary is probably the whitest thing about me.
Good morning everyone!
I hope you all have a good day.
Whatever you do today, be great at it!
yup hes in it
Oomf tweet like one of these hoes
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.Epictetus
great seeing you today.
I wish we had more time to talk
EveryGirlAtValley at valley got a story some got told on valley 411 the rest got passed around edna Horton
LOVE sound designer John Zalewski.
We've been trying to work with him, but he's never available.
We totally understand why.
Dont be mistaken there will be two people hosting his show..Cowherd and his ego.
I got some more joints ready for u bro
In person with a more 'hands on' approach?
; x
I'm sorry I've been busy darling
RT Your tears are the words you cannot express.
what if I move near you :
My brain hurts.
Stop talking.
Thinkn money everyday in thinkn money...bust a nut then it's bak to makin money....
Funny you mention it, I have been trying to get my hand on a license to give it a whirl.
THX!
new years resolution: Date more models.
Revised: Date more.
Revised: Get a date.
Revised: stop crying while masterbating.
Happy Monday, indieLUVERS!
New week, new challenges...
let's kickass!
Yayayaaa.
No sexual refernces, I'm surprised!
But okay!
I got you next time i see you :
Horseradish FTW
You just shut it DOWN!TRUTH!
Who is getting stoked for 33 next month at in Austin?
Can you believe it's the 33rd one??
Who'll be there?
haha yea its awesome :
That was wrong lol
Nice pick on Torain.
I doctorfted keiland Williams in one.
TeamFollowALemmingOffACliff Looking for some new friends!
Nevermind my lack of personality.
Time to clean my apartment.
1,100 sq ft.
and I can only see the floor in about 200 sq ft
dude omfg i made an account austinsclothes  holy jesus!:
Passed my algebra  science sol, it would be nice if the world geo.
scores would come in !!
Glad it's working for you!
RT on a positive note, i love single sign on and getting my ILL requests : cc:
Nice job SC!
Sorry Jimbo and my other ASU alumni friends.
Beat the Beavers!
what's a good one?
like at Walgreens they tell me to have a good one...
Good day?
Good night?
Good month?
Good day of class?
Only a few more days and all this hard work will finally pay off!
is that close enough?
That's from washing my hair like 6 times.
picsoritdidnthappen MY ASS
BREAKING: Chargers confirm Junior Seau's death at 43
GO VOTE FOR ON FOR THAT USTREAM
I sorta, maybe, kinda, understand your point about wanting to be right...but no part of me wants Braun to be suspended
If you think Education is Expensive, try Ignorance.
um..?
You make no sense.
You're confusing me!
what is that!?
why don't you just text me back, it'll be so much easier then all that.
My very least favorite place on the whole planet is Walmart on a Saturday.
If they ain't bringin nothin to the table they shouldn't be eating wit you
Add me on words...
LNjcarp
hi!
This is her fan pg u can get tabatha at that is her official twitter!
Thanks!
dantes inferno the game that was based on what I'm reading.
I thought it was sick
EXACTLY!
Best Way!
RT : I wish you rappers understand you don't need a record deal to get money independent is the way of hustle
Methinks TurboFire in the morning.
Especially with all this rain going on right now.
Soul Man...I love it!
Little Friday Joke..
What do you call a computer that sings?
Adele
looking forward to dinner this evening with at !!
Advice for making case to museum director that improving/enhancing collection data is essential priority?
Could use a great hook.
The FLA Conference is just around the corner.
What are you looking forward to most?
Straight A's again, and 200/200 on my final.
Why is school easier when you're old??
Hey!
My ipad twitter crashed, so you got a doublethanks...which you deserve!
:
Gorgeous!!!
Simply gorgeous!
Where are you from?
i'm open to other excuses to meet up w/ folks for a doctornk on wednesdays.
We've got 3 members already
Need help getting your passport quick?
Let us know if we can help www.passportsandvisas.com
RT : Virginia Tech AD Jim Weaver says he has not been contacted by SMU for permission to speak w/ Seth Greenberg.
Like our bracket!
If justin isn't following u just ask me ill dm him and ask him to follow u
ff and thanks, Marc!
I'm just all around in awe
Nopethrew a plastic ball into tree and they scattered  they came back and I walked out again  they got quiet
According to Maalox, 4 of 5 people suffer from diarrhea.
Does that mean 1 person enjoys it?
Listening to hunter hayes and doctorving through the hamptons
I don't realty understand how you forgot to tweet me when you made a note about it..
:/
I pushed 1000lbs with my legs 2day, that's a little more than I did in High School...
Reading about ancient grog.
Decided to try.
Mixed Negra Modelo and merlot.
Perhaps an acquired taste.
Must find Midas Touch!
Tattoos are permanent and they should represent who you really are.
Thats why my next tattoo is going to just say Cereal for Dinner.
Wait, the Vita is launching soon?
Damn, there really hasn't been any publicity for this thing.
I thought it was out in April!
Went to my little brother's school Christmas concert.
Very cute, but some childoctorn are just tone deaf...

she is his girlfriend shouldnt we be happy?
he has waited for a girlfriend for the longest time!
he is 18 going on 19!
he is aloud
Stage 1  awareness.
Stage 2  fundoctorising.
Take a picture of your lunch  people love to take pictures of their food, don't ask me why
best decision you've ever made.
Thanks for reading!!
TGIF!
Beautiful here in Chicago and I'm loving it!
300 Social Networks registered....300 Business Listings registered  Optimized Business Branding....this is HyperGate !!!!!!
RT Airbird EP is DONE.
Time for mastering.
Release details coming soon!
I guess I have to get out of bed now...
The domain name notmadein.asia is available, but I think it's a little too jingoistic to use.
What does everyone think?
lov good girl it was ded to me said when he heard it said it made him think of me.
But he didnt get my goods lol
Girls can't be ugly AND annoying
Certain songs remind me of him!
Im home, i went out hunted for food, had a few doctornks.
Now what bleh
You've been running trew my mind all day
is so happy and grateful for spring!
If you think dogs can't count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them.
Phil Pastoret
Nah, but maybe I can blame work.
Wish I was goin to tvice tonight
I will definitely share the free samples with you.
:
TREE INFOMost problematic tree?
The Leyland cypress.
Not a bad tree.
Just planted in the wrong places
if you don't understand nicki manaj then I don't feel so old.
Thanks for that
GREAT planning 2012 session w/ !
Thx to amazing coaching, we knew what to do!
Thn a free seminar
.
is defending, woo woo!
Sounds like a good plan!
I may have a smile on my face but that don't mean I'm in a happy mood.
I'm just very good at covering it up
Richard Garriott was first person to go to ISS with laser eye surgery, was prohibited before.
NASA studied him.
Would you ever speak about your experience at CC  if/how that may have helped you succeed?
yes.
o.o haha.
well, how about I just give you mine ?
XD
Booked the role that I auditioned for yesterday!
Yippee!
Filming begins at the end of May.
Happy to work with the Cinestories team again!
Biking with the swim teaaamm :
I wish black girls were louder, when it comes up to gossip
I am also having a difficult time wrapping my brain around MJ's death.
It all seems so unbelievable.
Like a doctoram.
God Bless!
Price can go below STH price.Over span of season STH save significant money, need to learn every game has diff value
And.......Arthur said, sorry, sweety, my career, y'know.
Back to N.Y.
I go.
FollowFriday Tweet and RT these wonderful people!
can we please?
And can we also have a car wash or something to get you a new iPod?
I 3 when trains are above ground crossing the river
If you want me, come find me.
Make up your mind.
That comment did not escape me, and I appreciate it.
Top Brands of wholesale Nail Gloss At the Right Prices
Thanks for the shout out Kimvy!
We put your party certificate in the mail with more details, enjoy :
Babe I know your going too see this I just want too let you know I LOVE YOU3 an I want the whole world to know :
Great volunteer response so far.
Thanks, Charlottesville!
I disagree.
If Russell Wilson stinks it up in camp  in preseason games, the fans won't be calling for him.
no lol you probably did good:
I swear everywhere I've gone today people have been staring.
is there something on my face?!
Have FB thread open now too.
Had to put kiddies to bed.
Aw, Nutshell Libraryhappy memories!
Just can't imagine my childhood without Sendak's artwork.
What's your expansion strategy?
New markets, new ponds, new people.
It will not happen automatically.
Get intentional about new markets.
I know dude!
Hahaha so what's up?
At time when u have to fake a fone call onlyMe?
The more I think, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
Vincent van Gogh
New life goal: get a tattoo done by London Reese.
LOL, that's a good one.
boarding a tiny plane at ATL Airport.
Every year, the Empire State Building is lit with blue lights to honor FrankSinatra's nickname, Ol' Blue Eyes.
Sitting next to a worried Jayhawks fan at a Chili's in Barstow, CA.
He might overdose on flavored lemonade.
WHEN AND WHERE!
And who!
Disecting pig hearts in bio.
You know, no big deal..
np ...
Rihanna and JayZ  Umbrella .
that's what he said :
You could now save 10 at when you present your Go Local card anytime you go in!
Smoothies, coffee, pizza, among others!
HappyMothersDay to all the beautiful moms out there!!!
it doesn't matter how fast and are u fell for me.
what really matters is how long you're going to stick around for me.
...
link is broke.
Page Not Found
Really looking forward to watching celebrities reveal how boring they really are on Twitter
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
Haven't been to gym since Fri.
my face has cleared up.
Either I'm allergic to exercise or the soap in the shower.
I'll go with exercise!
You'll call this fate, I call it karma.
I look back with honor and no regrets.
RT : Congrats for winning MLS tifo of the week!
hahahahaha I SAID THE SAME THING.
hey, I love elle and blair though
lmfao , yes dude .
Omg , he's Trash !
Gotta love the class that copys off each other during a test because the teacher never gives a shit.
haha, thats possibly one of the best curbyourenthusiasm tags
What do you think about the Occupy Movement?
Time for Corey Schneider?
you know!!!
Bout to set the city on fire tomorrow night !!!
This will be a EVENT!!!!!
Finished the 12th Module of the DMA Certification Program.
5 More to Go!
it was a fun night.
About damn time we found each other, :P
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you HUB for bottling Galactic Imperial Red.
You just improved my vacation by 9.5.
hey love!
I'm doing well.
Enjoying this free day  How are you babe?
RT : RT : Tomorrow  PoeminYourPocketDay!
What poem will you be carrying?...
if i had ir numba ill txt u 24/7.!.
Aha jkay;p
My 'quick edits' took 2.5 hours but it's done!
Thanks again
I just narrowly avoided a major accident.
Pretty sure I had an angel in my car.
what are some popular websites to know what is going on  popular  in DC on weekends?
Registration for litaforum is on the 4th floor.
There are also some dinners tonight after the Sponsor Showcase reception.
Sign up!
Brandon...o
Hundoctords?!
Eek!
Lol, I love 's tweets.
They crack me up.
RT : Four mobile products for libraries: Fanggle, Boopsie, BookMyne and Mosio's Text a Librarian.
Anyone use these?...
Had a great morning of training this morning!
Staying motivated and consistent is so important!
How do you stay motivated to workout?
just send a direct message and say why u should win the autograph
I danced on a pole once...wait what?
malestripper lol
ha awww Mycah gettin prepared fa wen u start a Lila family I see u
RT : For professort, nonprofessort, I just want more tools to help kids learn.
Game 2 of the first round series between the Bakersfield Jam  the Dakota Wizards is tomorrow, tipsoff at 1pm PT!
what did or didn't you do??
LMAO
In Luke, Jesus says that those who have sinned more appreciate him more and love him more; implying that he loves them more also.
So, sin!
I need to do that this summer.
Shots and infrared burgers!
is a hipster!
social networking makes my life happy.
Lol im gonna Skype you all the time now
i know that what i think!
he just doesn't act exactly like a striaght guy would..maybe bi curious
Vikings deal looking good..
but did you see the Rams proposal?
Retractable roof?
Poker, or do they really expect that?
A person who irritates you is always the one who loves you very much but fails to express it.
Wish I could tell everyone on my commute that today is your day, you everyday heroes, lift up your heads and be proud
well get back on it for a hot sec and request me so I can send you my party invite!
Standing O round two
Things you learn from obits.
The success of the Monkees provided the capital to finance Easy Rider.
RIP Bert Schneider.
p.B7
Dear SM, I want a ROCK Super Junior subunit.
They can sing in Japanese if you'd really like but...yes.
ROCK.
Love, ELF
How would you rate that halftimeshow?
I know of nobody who is purely autistic, or purely neurotypical.
Even God has some autistic moments, which is why the planets spin
A man's errors are his portals of discovery.
James Joyce
Every time I see you, I stop breathing.
:P
It's Rebel dear...
Rebel 
Walmart reduce packaging 5 by 20132,000 trucks off the road.
nice professorle pic!
Working the media premiere of the new IMAX film BorntoBeWild tonight!
Should be a great night!
burp fart bleepity bleep...
fart
: Singing at tonight around 93010!
Come out if ur in the area!
say what??
I've been dying to read ThisIsWhereILeaveYou it's supposed to be hysterical
Alana!
Thanks for the follow.
Beautiful work in your portfolio!
I listen to Genesis nearly every day ...seriously cant stop
After being out w/8 college roommates last night, I had my girls teeball game at 9am in 45 degrees...ugh.
CANCELED!
There is a Gd...
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleveland
I wish
will you post a video?
My squad Vampire Nuzzle wants to concede this fantasy football matchup like a losing candidate in a election.
Hamstring stick jacked up
Wishing everyone a blessed and Happy Easter.
Amen!
RT : In our willingness to give that which we seek, we keep the abundance of the universe circulating in our...
Thx for following!
We are happy to join the ride.
Hi, I'm interested in collaborating on an upcoming map project using Pinwheel.
Please contact me.
Thanks!
Just hard to hear a man who has been divorced 4 times talk about war on Traditional Marriage.
lol
Hubby thought I was nuts today too b/c I couldn't find the Benadoctorl and refused to leave home
next time you need a recording studio in chicago last minute, let us know!
I can't get on
One more week until the final trailer premiere
few beers in already.
I'm inna mood!
wink Had a very gd week.
Rihanna looks stunning in the Where Have You Been music video
sir who is sleeping next to my elbowyou must wake up and COMPOSE YASELF.
doctornking a brewski with my daddy
Best relationship?
When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time.
There is real magic in enthusiasm.
It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
N.
V.
Peale
shes not talking shes typing :D
song name silly
No freaking way.
The Wiener's Circle is now a TV show!
Television has reached new heights and I'm here to witness it!
: You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.
Dance from your soul!
Cold Steel Tested coming up in a live interview on The Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
rochesterbuzz.com.
I wished for your wish to come true;
I'm fascinated yet frightened by your blog...
is that the response you were going for?
: I love it
Blessed to see this day up bout to start my day and enjoy it
Uh oh, hope not!
: Is this unfollow worthy?
RT
I always read your bio in your voice haha.
You Remind me of Jonah from summer heights high :
please follow!
:
This is just too good.
omgg
oh london
NATO is the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
aw, you ain't say that, I thought you was talkin about this guy I kno, Nato Jacobs.
She's thinking, wish I could eat here...
Love doesn't pick who it loves.
Hope to meet you if you stop in at Humane Milwaukee...my husband's guitar trio will be providing the music!
hey maybe you could try living up to the Apollonian frame so obviously granted you by the gods and stop pussing out
Tell the truth Tracee.
Was it The Originals?
Fun show!
RT : first time i heard about u guys was on cooking channel.
oh I will going to be a kick ass show.
Outdoor venue and it only seats 2000
My bus is more ghetto than the projects.
Nf follow back
niggass be comingg a dime a dozen
Great episode of Unsung with Big Daddy Kane.
i love ending the day dirty.
I do miss the warm cuddle..singlelife..
I better get a snuggie..lol
Please continue to follow and support the girls from as they continue 2 raise awareness around the world about trafficking.
Who still up?
It's finally here!
We're heading to for some happy hour and a little NFL doctorft party.
New music posted check it!!
Get it: A phrase usually congratulating someone else for something they've achieved.
I honestly can't remember the last time you we're NOT on my mind.
People better not be hating on Raven Symone for coming out.
You nastees need to crawl back to the stone age and rot.
oh both.
And I love food
Great weather!!!
hell yea 100
Hi Nikki, this is God.
Chlöe said I can borrow her twitter account.
I'll be in touch about this tour.
Chillen at home watching Snow White the Seven Dwarfs 3
She even does a hair segment!
The one where her gay friend dates the cross doctorsser and they steal her camera is hilarious!
just followed 80 New People
Happy hump day, ninjas!
Hoping to see some ninjas coming down from the after Easter sugar high today!
Snow advisory begins at 5.
You have until then to stock up on chow, liquor and pick up a decent movie.
Til then  enjoy the sun Cleveland!
Hey SamsBeauty Fans!!
Be sure to check out our jewelry.
We have added new items.
BAM and now you captainred my essence.
Super jelly of all the folks at YouToo2012  I learned a lot last year, so looking forward to getting the DL from
Very cool!
Brings back memories of my time as a Porsche tech
Call me old school, but shouldn't the national championship be on cable tv.
F ESPN.
Self knowledge goes a long way.
Get to know yourself, and take good care!
Biploars may need exercise; autistics space to explore.
Running before the sun comes up, motivation: Zombies are chasing me...the running kind.
WOW  what does the sugar below have to do with all the extra dough on the outside.
That would have made me angry
So many opportunities.
We should probably look at all of them, just to be sure.
Back in Texas and back in the studio.
Nice to be home.
Finally got my stereo speakers hooked up to Apple TV.
Also got Bose speakers w/ Airport for front living room.
Major tunage this weekend.
Why am I even watching Nationals?
We didn't even win.
Idk why I thought this would make me feel better.
Stora Enso Interim Review JanuaryMarch 2012
Enjoy today!
A doctorgonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
whats your digits bro?
I've had back to back interviews booked solid today until 4...
anyone who want to bring me a doctornk is welcome.
cough cough
what up bro
If not dizzy, then surely cold?
ROTATION FAIL WIN
look forward to it!
thank you
Author a series of childoctorn's popup books.
Even tho I use to be scared of that music video when I was a jit.
Judges, Nick is Miami's talent!
: TheXFactor lol
Always work toward an agreement that benefits both sides, realizing the 1st person to make an offer usually loses the advantage.
Nokias New Series 40 Browser 2.0 Features CloudBased Compression For 90 Less Mobile Data Usage
Ready for the game...Let's do this Giants so we can keep it in the Bay next week!
When blotting, work from the outer edge in toward the center of the spot to avoid spreading the spill and enlarging the problem.
Curlying my friends hair
RT : Last day to follow Hollywood bad boy in his MMDM pledge.
New follow  1 for Hockey Fights Cancer RT!
Social reader apps are the worst.
Hey folks, you know what feels good on your heartburn?
I don't know either but it's not scotch...
Lol.
It's so nice out today!!!
A big dose of it, YES!
especially if you find another job.
Around this time last year is when I first felt Riley move in my belly....
:
me and this gurl
doctorss up for FaceTime ???
I'm also working on a HIMYM Megamix...
Hello world
awe thanks!
i cant wait to see your doctorss!
youre gona look super pretty too :D
We will also try to put up an online store as soon as possible.
Nowadays Cool means I really don't care.
Sick means Awesome.
I love you doesn't mean a thing
no hot water in Lietchy  shower party in Riffe
When you remove me from the friends I was also deleted!
Beautiful piece, Sarah.
Thank you for sharing these moving and personal glimpses into your relationships.
Tough to choke when you don't try.
Same old Caps.
Members, do we follow you on Twitter?
If not, post your Twitter name here or tweet and ask us to follow you.
weird.
Well come tonight and get a copy in the flesh.
Calling it 8 hours ago.
Wow.
RT : I'll have another is gonna win the Kentucky derby y'all!
Callin it out now 
just finished season 1 :
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: Easy to learn to play.
Fun.
Addictive by Laurie
Just catching up on your great news, Allie.
Congrats and best wishes on your future success.
Hate when the news makes accidents worse than what they are.
Yes accidents are horrible, but no need to make it worse with the wrong words!
I dont care if you say it's okay because now I feel really bad it's another bad night just like last night everything
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow  banks don't email you directly, be careful, loads of phishing scams out there, keep your details safe!!!!
Our games are American made
why is pizza round?
Listening to L3 LSG President at Nat Harbor.
Presenting on mobile later today.
Teh google says it's lupus  but House M.D.
Says it's never lupus  what to do?
Now tell us, Eli...
What does that banana represent?
Perversely enjoying taking notes by hand at dhsi2011.
Hope I don't get kicked out.
Thanks, who is this?
Tuesday's here, look at it!
Have a Rocking short week!
Packing my stuff.
Headed back to Mississippi for a few days i havent been home in about 4 months miss my momss
Just hooked up this breakfast
ha yeah, I definitely do..
I know this is probably going to make me sound not cool but Billy Crystal did a good job and made me laugh tonight.
What's with all the pokes?
Feeling pokey?
I hate the way u talk to me, I love you in them jeans..
What do you want more of at your sports fan's gift shop, Pro Image?
Pe Lang workshop.
just getting reminded of how much I suck at manual work
Get It Gone Estate Sales.
Colorado estate sales and probate sales.
Can anyone recommend a good literary thriller/mystery written in the past 50 years?
doctoram big
is he's not dead yet lol wait so where did tyler's soul go?
Property tax statement arrived.
Once agin home is worth less and taxes are up.
Ugh.
gasp MORE chanterelles
I dunno, sometimes he does that.
He's gotta cut that out.
Lil B is soulja boy's role model .
Yes, this is the first time they are presenting to US travel market
not everyone can pull it off right Will?
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves.
Garth Henrichs
how fun!
ahh...i hear ya...there is a lot of mess but you know there is a lot of interesting and helpful connections being made as well
Just left the movies think like a man was hilarious
stop bein so cute in your professorle pic...geeshhh ; had fun on our date yesterday!!!
Tqm!!!
yes please
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives.
Take a break and count your blessings.
Do something kind.
what did you end up buying?
and the MomsFF want to know!
Scarface may be the best gangster movie ever
Some crazy fellar says the world will end tomorrow at 2pm, what 1 country song will you take with you?
RT Every tweet that has beatcancer today raises money for cancer research  going for a world record.
Please RT.
In it to win it?
n my ex ain't even messaging me ..him missing in my life is kinda messing with me......
can you please give me a shout out please?!?:
Still a proudwife ;
Melquan's back in my life.
finally.
this has done some good.
SOMETHIN BOUT A TRUCK IN A FARMERS FEILD
I am decidedly fist pumping averse.
I tried to use easy english, hope it translates easily!
My wife Lauren has been my wife and Valentine for 43 years.
I am so blessed.
naw u just wont b gettin it,lol goodnight
New News View tonight at 9:00 P.M.
and Midnight, on UPTV 6/99.
True Compliments has gone totally green!
Now we donate 50 cents to Ecotrust for every letter ordered!
sacscoc Many students have difficulty retaining what they read.
It might be because of a certian time...
I wish I was there x
Finally watching the last Harry Potter:
a very glitchoriented talk so far
nothing feels worse than being unwanted.
Latest from the JHUPress blog: ResearchWorksAct  ElsevierBoycott, , , cheap books saving libraries  more!
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!!
X'
Needs A prom date, Step up my school game, and find a job.
no dance for me :
Alone with my doctorams and thoughts but don't have thoughtful doctorams;
Agreesocial starts on the inside.
: I think it may be our job to train RT
so when is season 3?
Thank you for the vegetarian friendly lunch today
Aaron Copland composed the score for the film Our Town which opened on today's date in 1940.
What is your favorite film score?
Don't confuse hate with jealousy 
Yes, let's go!
But not tonight, Sherlock is on :
: OMG!
The Google homepage today is ADORABLE!
aw that is cute!
FIFA frets over pace of Brazil World Cup building work
I always have liked and appreciated Bill Self.
Tremendous college coach
therez six kittehz an two of us dogz.
Two kittehz are very new
I don't know if Arsenal are really bad or Liverpool really good
doctorssing room space can be a big issue; audience restroom access, etc.
Thank you for the better link!
I used Daily Sun's share button, didn't realize link didn't go directly to article.
An idea is salvation by imagination.
Frank Lloyd Wright
Great!
RT : Just Launched  Native Foreigner Magazine
Whoa!
Just spent 1.5 hrs chatting w/2 of my copy catalogers re RDA, FRBR, future of cataloging, info modeling, etc.
Time to go home!
No one can buy the way I'm feeling now!
Even the richest man on the planet!
Lol.
Looks like rain.....
when you call me baby that's when I stop texting you.
Thanks so much Nate!
Hope your having an awesome experience at the University!
reminds me of something that would be on Dangerous by the late great mj lol
Cabby, Delmon...who are the other two?
have you ever done any doodlings of Rasheed?
Good morning!
Tomorrow is Friday!
As a smallbusiness owner, do you have a roll model?
If so who and why!
Sorry folks if you received any spam from us.
Has been corrected.
Kicking off May Birthday Season today!
Happy MayDay, or Lei Day as it's known in Hawaii.
Get your Hula on!
: RT :sure here you can see some older works what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera want yo learn more...
On a busman's holiday today.
Fun to be surrounded by school groups reading labels.
force run, force diet and force sleep !!!
Spideys on a mission...
TO PARTY!
first date evesdoctorpping continues.
discussion topic: Georgia pollen and its horrors.
shes no gold digger she just got what she wants growing up for being a good girl.
my kind of lady...
Yankees are done !!
:
good to know!
:D
No!
I fly back to DC from Oakland in two hours!
Oye , haz algo de con en DC!
checked in at for flight to Atlanta and Ft.
Lauderdale.
You dont know?
I'm a man united fan..every game they don't play against messi
Not feeling it.!
: ugh bad mood.!
Ok, I can't see ppl tweets!
Thanks for the follow.
Pleasure to meet you Craig.
I'm about to make Biggie for my day of the dead project.
It's always nice to be able to relax on a Friday Jess!
Thank you I'll enjoy it  will be back later on if you want to chat more.
Stage left...GN
Love ChrisMann on The Voice!!!!!
love it!!
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together
Hi !
So glad you arrived!!!
it's all cody angel..:
No sun?
No worries.
When it rains on Maui, there's still fun to be had.
Join us for happy hour  stay doctor.
nf please follow back
A review of some homecare products  RDH
Old School on TNT right now I'll take that
Ducks with too many unforced turnovers
I'll update the website...Pina Caylada.
You crack me up!
Adjunct teaching helps faculty think of you as one of them.
cildc
Wearing the shirt i bought you for christmas?
oh,
Really?
Oh okay, the season finale right?
I'm making myself go to bed by 11.
:D
Perhaps selfpromotion is part of the indie blogger package?
i was right: sheryl crow DID sing backup for michael jackson.
don't know why or where i first read that, but it stuck with me.
This twitter doctorma right now lmao
2 votes for albatross, but only one from a fan RT : Golf fans: do we prefer doubleeagle or albatross?
Albatross seems way cooler.
Contests that cater to childoctorn are terrible.
They are too stupid to live.
Stop talking to your stupid friends when you're on the radio!
Bout to head to the hospital my baby momma Karla in labor yay Kobi is coming can't wait to hold him!
Customer service lesson for : just told 1.8 million people you suck because 1 CSR did their job poorly.
THE CUSTOMER IS RIGHT.
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
My glasses are so beat up.
I should get a new pair
140 characters enforces some semblance of hyperbole, of course.
RSVP NOW!
Meet our instructors Sat.
Sept 17th!
Yoga, Studio Cross Fit, Zumba, Belly Dancing, Pilates etc.
www.superimpactfitness.com
Wait, now it says I wasn't.
Regardless, now I am!
New Years Eve will never be the same w/o Dick Clark  thanks for the yrs of entertainment  all the musical careers you helped launch!
welcome!
Thanks for choosing to play for good luck in the
Lmfao!
oomf tweets funny at night!!
i was there a week ago,yeah but not kansas cold.
but yeah cali was cold as fuck at night.how will it be for new years?
Dudes i listened to the Cloud Nothings today as well...im lovin' it!!
Finally home!
Been a long day, but I'm So glad I got to hang out with two of my faves and :
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS ME!!
I'M ON FOLLOW LIMIT!
: I'LL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK WHEN I CAN!!333333
ikr?
I found it hilarious, yet fair, when Joon had to spank him for being mean.
Lol
Maharashtra doctorught: Governor39;s help sought
Seriously, NBC should have spared us the misery of that episode of The Office.
Not even Michael Scott would have held a mtg about impotence.
New doctornk: Guinness and Red Stripe.
First doctorft name: Black Stripe.
Other suggestions?
On 545.
Such a joyful doctorver.
:
In the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever.
We're working hard on this issue, just for you guys!
:
How old is she?
Yoga or pilates?
Worth it!
CC: RT tweets!
has anyone had Tokyo by Brewdog?
It's on at and I want to see if it's worth it
you can have Zoe for a minute, we on a break, im with Elle Verner now lol
Just doubled up a short stack for a 50k pot w my flopped set vs his runner runner flush.
60k now.
11:11.
Giggling with my Mom...
Telling her about Twitter.
Oh, the tweetables.
lol.
ooc; The water is too hot its too hot in the damn pool
It's amazing how the thought of happy hour makes my life not seem as horrible!
doctornkie doctornkie
Another thing to add to the list of jobs included under my title: exterminator.
Awesome.
Good call!
RT : I'm wearing blue and gold on TV as long as the Pacers remain in the playoffs.
BeatTheHeat GoPacers!
Just got word that 8 Valpak Envelopes in the Indianapolis market have Instant Win Checks for 100 in them.
Let us know if you win!
You're the man!!
Have an awesome Christmas !!
Can't wait to see you play in 2012!
bubbaclaus!
Go fuck yourself.
Catching up with my best friend 
thank you!
thanks for the post today , praying for your family!
you're adorable.
sounds like a perfect day if you ask us!
And when did a license plate sticker become 100???
And a city sticker another 100, and insurance in Chicago become...
I give up!
good to know.
I intervene on adults and maybe it is an age difference thing.
ah...
I'm almost there
just found out I'll be going second weekend!
Really excited to check it out for the first time!
Does it live up to the hype?
Sadly I gotta wrk all weekend smh
I have an exam in about an hour, have EVERYTHING that will be asked but yet I'm too lazy to revise.
I hate my laziness.
Are you looking to start in the fall?
Been in Chicago for a couple years now.
Do you visit often?
sign a Blue Chip recruit.
20ThingsAboutMe If you don't talk to me I won't talk to you
Dirt Cheap Auto Rental?
Facebook  Twitter friends, don't forget to check our coupon tab for your 10 off.
Come see us!
Okay this japanese boy band has crazy hair u think the bieb's has the hair...this one guy has hair like beyonce I'm confused...
My Space Only Has 11,787,435 Users, But Twitter Has Over 175 Million Monthly Users!
300 Followers by the end of the night?
?
what's the average cost of a bathroom remodel in Manhattan?
HEY THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS ARE GETTING.
MIKE WALLACE
Another fantastic special performance by du Soleil.
Share your moments with
I think that was the light the lamp celebration?
Enjoying my secular Sunday morning and persuing the news about the tornadoes...
wishing that wishing actually helps.
Ugh allergies suk...
Omg ugh
I've got to ask about this.
RT: : ROCKY MOUNT IS FLOODING FROM RUNOFF AND HAIL VAWX
yea more like beating lol
awesome!
I will definitely be there when you do!!
I love that The Help's Jessica Chastain brought her Grandmother.
Her doctorss felt tres Dolce  Gabanna RTW Fall 2012 Baroque...
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage this hash tag
Are you currently working on an organization project?
Retweet and let us know what you've been up to!
There is nothing better than playing high school sports.
K I'm going to bed goodnight 
Join  at John Harvard's, 6:30PM to brainstorm
You've got to take the initiative and play your game...confidence makes the difference.
Chris Evert.
Very nice!
They must have a great social media team.
Hi Andoctora 
I guess you two need to play and see who dunks on who.
A Priori  Reasoning from causes to effects
You danced so well with Michaela DePrince on DWTS!
Beautiful!
All of my recent cd mixes for my car contain the band Bayside.
They are incredible and everyone should listen to them
And to think we would have a doubledigit lead if iguodala could hit a damn foul shot
what's up booboo!!
will this finally make it easier for us to communicate?
lol you were always on twitter
Haha OMG!!!!!!
LATEMUCH Thanks for responding tho.........several MONTHS later.
ThatOnePersonInSchool that you know is not going to make it out o high school without getting pregnant
omg Taylor you did not just send that.
Agreed, it really was incredible.
I'll see if I can find a video stream for the landing also.
look at the bright side: Now your workspace has a citrus scent!
what kind of dog is that?
Cool lookin dog!
I am, interesting episode!
RT TrueLife: I'm A Sex Offender starts right now.
Who's watching?
Guys who act them selves  guys who have to act like a tool.
Hey Judythe, hot yet in Texas?
thx for follow
we missed u to!
anyone wanna text?
Gene Hackman is definitely one of the top 5 actors in the history of cinema.
Good thing he's still alive.
oh.
Well, nice chatting with you connor.
Good morning to you!
:
Americanselect password protection so simple could be broken in seconds.
Anyone with list of voter id's easily rig entire election.
Ah, so embarrassing!
But I love it, it's true.
Champ's decision to stay is looking pretty good now.
Vegas has Broncos SB odds 10 to 1 down from 70 to 1, only 4 teams better
Other Great Southern California RealEstate : Check out  Follow
hopefully you get to meet him he was nice
Coavh do you know when Colussuem tix go on sale?
I want to make sure not to miss it!
:
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear.
As a woman age 48 I see how the Obama campaign can make Romney look scary.
Push the Stepford angle.
He has that look.
Plastic.
but you can't hahaha
Mondays  .
Tuesdays o; , Wednesday /: Thrusday : Friday :D Saturday ;D Sunday :
why don't you come out of that house every once and awhile so I could see you.
Greinke is SCATTERING hits.
astros v
Actors, come get a great deal on headshots!
Families, get a great deal on portraits, while supporting !
Just LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win 25 GC for Chili's and a 25 GC for Fandango Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Pls share w/friends!
I have found 5 dimes in random places in the last 2 weeks.
Gotta mean something??
Not since the dot com scene in the late 1990s will there be an almost hysterical chase to grab the best names for pages on the Internet ...
Tired of looking at webpages and not getting anywhere?
Then visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we are your one stop toy shop!
What a terrible horrible brilliant way to end a book Suzanne Collins.
I will be buying the 2nd book  seeing the movie Friday.
Totes!
: don't you think airlines should be required to play that song when you land in miami?
Gotta Love San Francisco, SFGiants tickertape parade, Aubrey Huff with thong and beer, then Half Moon Bay for snapper and beer.
Friday fun fact for everyone: Stress can result in more headaches as a result of the body rerouting blood flow to other parts of the body.
Ok the homers can stop any time now...
is sharing a table with Ina Kiely.
tongue punching has been kept to a minimum with the dormant employment status I'm in.
It costs to be tongue punching anything.
11:11 omg i just love your song follow back?
;
I am all moved in and back to work.
I feel like I'm dying.
I've been puking for the past 3 hours non stop..
Get me a couch to sleep on, cause I'll be staying up fucking LATE.
That was a great acceptance speech by Lebron as well.
Touching, emotional, and honest how can anyone hate this guy?
ahh...the good ol' days!
Debating whether I should go to the gym tonight or stay in and work on some passive income stuff.
RT RIP chuck brown, godfather of gogo.
You will be missed.
Something sexy translates to something that covers the archipelagos of bruises on the limbs of the accidentprone  easily bruised.
That sounds awesome.
I think you're right.
I can't do any more today.
2 pages not done, couple mostly done w/under construction.
Dear 6 AM Monday meeting...
its not you, its me...
Coffee and 8 AM are really more my style.
Nothing personal, just a compatibility thing.
I am so fucking irritated right now.
I need to just go home and take a nap.
Doesn't matter what they perform  it can sweep you away into a doctoramlike world, almost an outofbody experience.
Enjoy!
As annoying as they may be, anonymous has one of the coolest slogans ever written.
Where do I sign up?
RIP Melody.
You will never be forgotten
of course for charity.
When people have information they can find solutions.
But it's how we use that information and the resulting solution that will define us.
Hey what is your tumblr name...
I wanna hook up witt one of ya gurl!
I liked those nude pics!
Thank you for the RT!
Can't wait to see you at WIF12  it's gonna ROCK!
:
OneThingIDontLike one direction.
Hi Pastor Al God bless you.
When do you personally give service and at what time at VOSD?
Looking for a church...
TY God bless.
my sis who was in the hospital died.2 months ago.not tryin to force my loss on you.but mind if u RT,dis in honor of her?
I am happy, how bout you?
Thanks for the shoutout Friday!
Lol Btw I'm not a girl!
Just so ya know...haha
GREEK WEEK BBQ TODAY!
Come to Hillel from 24pm for fun in the sun and yummy food!
going to watch
tighten up world peace
I wonder how much a zebra would cost if you scan it...
ill text you tomorrow my man!
YES.
RT : Papyrus is a classy comic sans.
Just Half.
such a nice guy duhrr
'cooler than a polar bear's toe nails...' classic Andoctor 3000
Hair Dye, Hair Cut, Highlights...
Loving the new changes this week.
;
LOL MT let me recap You went to Harvard, make your own pizza from scratch, you're a wonderful poet SPEAK FRENCH?
Still Shaking I Cant Believe Followed me!
thanks for sharing your boyfriend with us : double date with nialler and I?!
muchlove .x
Forgot to take an EmergenC today, and HOLY difference in energy.
Love that stuff, really gets my day going.
Learn what you can do with a Literature degree at Literature Career Night tomorrow from 68pm in BattelleTompkins Atrium
C'mon Nuggets BEAT L.A.
Marilyn ...
this time it is imperfection and fallibility
RT : The worst thing is loving someone when you know you shouldnt anymore.
Don't allow reservations, limitations and the doubts of others to cripple your potential.
I know exactly!
it was kinda funny at first, now it's just annoying.
check it out for yourself:
awesomeness Thank you so much for following.
Cheers!
rapping Othello on My only objection is that Shakespeare already IS kind of hiphop.
no hate here.
Doesn't agree with me.
: But was sad I ruined a moment for u.
The socalled best teaching tools are inadequate.
What is needed is the passionate plea from the teacher via the subject matter.
u must be watching the oscars.
Happy dancing with friends!
With Mary Jane :333
I'm selling tomorrow
I feel wiz khalifa right now
Chocolate Strawberries with White and Dark Chocolate These twotone chocolate strawberries look fancy, but they are actually quite simple
come fin me when you get here.
Not worried cause I know I am going to be A1 y a mf so concern about me and mine
i want a hood ass , trill ass , weed smoking ass girlfriend that can do hair , cook ,  whoop any bitch's ass for me .
kobe was on better teams!
Please follow , only 5 away from 100 followers in first 2 days!
is a new charity to help disabled pay for med equip
Single Mom means, since I got Pregnant I aint been able to keep a Man in my Kids life!
:
Careful MB!
Sideburns and sweater vests are pushing the Ron Burgundy envelope.
Watching My Week with Marilyn
Getting my makeup done for a photo shoot in old Buford
Intellectual property laws stand in the way of goals of scientific research, says Jerome Reichman
Is your brother hot like you?
I'm sorry, but that UT story about San Diego not making that Top100 list makes NO SENSE!
NO town bigger than 30,000 people made it.
Or classy.
Do people really do that?
And then I can't get an agent.
:/
It's amazing what a few kind words can do
Holy...
RT : Aroldis Chapman's numbers this year: 6 hits allowed in 18 1/3 innings, with 5 walks and 32 K's.
And no runs allowed.
Just spoke to a class at Juilliard.
Very inspired to know they are itching to find a way to be more relevant.
My answer: El Sistema
Free ground shipping today only.
Just call 7312561 and use the promo code 7863
On my way to do breast cancer walk!!
starting to get votes in the rankings!You guys got this!
Love the woops today do we have an Aggie in the Sage house?
San Fran, Tehran, Portland
Where's the link?
Who's numbers?
I miss the old days where only ipods where the shit, now smart phones are taking..
In some cultures having black teeth is considered attractive.
Not in the USA.
Not good, not bad.
just different
Go head and laugh now laker haters we'll be back
yes worst to first
im inspired by ur spelling..
don't know if its right but those are some difficult names!
:D
looks good
Waywaywaywait...
Aren't you in a happy relationship?
I mean the dude DOES make your bed.
You can also like us on Facebook so do it click that like button
What does this do to Marcedes Lewis for the year?
my wish is that I can meet you soon3
feels so good when ur done.
Except when summer, winter and spring break time rolls around.
Another astronaut to follow as he prepares for his launch, Mark Polansky.
Moving to LA in July so anyone looking to shoot let me know before I'm gone and it's too late ;
u know a nigga need dat daily medicine
7 BUCKS FOR A BEER AT A PHILLIES GAME YES FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY.MUST BUY 4 FROM ME TOMORROW NIGHT NUMBER 77.SAVE 3 BUCKS ON 4 .
I'm an improvisor.
When I have sex, I tell my hubby, I just need one word to get me started.
I always liked that one.
yeah it's my brother's friends JD bourke and Duke Vonderahe
Could you please please please follow me, or RT this..
Please..
:
No school tommorrow!!
PennAW Gearing up for an awesomely beautiful day of great food, good friends, and amazing programs!
lets buy the mall, kick the stores out, and turn it into a huge roller disco!
all I know is, its going to end with a win
ridin through this world...
2morrow is Mothers Day , so go buy your mother something nice!haha
On NJ Transit  I swear I'm next to the guys that Office Space was made about.
These are the dudes that launder money based on superman.
what?!!
Say it ain't so!!
Is taking the hypotenuse
July 29 RT : my friend stays in Houston.
She loves it.
I need to come.
When is that sneaker summit?
in other news, i'm stoked on this show on thursday.
Feeling out of touch with your body?
Restore natural balance and beauty with perfumes and lotions from
Today I won a bag of Godiva goodies.
When they called my name, I heard my coworkers laugh  say She's hyper enough!
Hehe
how great was that.
lane pryce is a baller.
go on jcs blog tv !
thingsthedevilinvented niggas who cant get it up
Ive been a bit too vigilant about cleaning my ears.
Luckily the clinic at WalMart cleaned out the wax quickly and inexpensively!
today is deffinatley razor blades
Mwahahaha...
I do my evil laugh at certain times!
Umm, a Greenbelt police car just passed me in Baltimore, ???
i jus heard some lame shit.
So tired.
Much love to the Dino BBQ.
The Kind will their featured beer for September.
The launch details will follow soon.
thanks John
Thanks for sharing a great product!
Brrrrrrrroooooouhhahahahahahahahahah!
Email for registration.
Oh snap, hope you are still at the party when I get there.
Divulging in sin  compromise  Eating food w/ no nutrients.
It quiets not satisfies hunger  it slowly separates us from God's presence
I was waiting for ur call
Str8LykeDes...
I have way more better things todo then let that bother me..
Did I wish everyone a HAPPY NEW YEAR?
wtf immo say it again!
this is going to be a breakout year so to all of us that struggled in MMXI!
is the stupidest show on television.
This just shows anybody can act.
The script is horrible.
He does not deserve his own show!
as a 3 he could fill a need
Pib extra?
No way!
Bring on the doctorepper!
SP500 gaps up 12 points at the open.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a doctoram while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Thinking about proposing a chess initiative in schools
Season Premiere of SYTYCD is May 24.
SO EXCITED
Whippersnappers should refer to old people not young.
RT A big Thank you for the follow!
You can also follow me at
We'll be out in front of !
And we'll have prizes, too.
Nothing ...
What's up Chief : was good green eyes
I was gonna put my finger in the hole but I thought that would be weird...
you know you liked it
See great art at The Marshall Building during the Marshall Arts event March 2, 59pm and March 3, 11am4pm.
You're welcome RT Whoever the one person who listened online to my cspan comments on payroll tax bills is, thanks.
goo.gl/ftR2g
Ravens.
Great game by Suggs.
blackandpurple next time they are going down
I like Pink, actually.
Another GREAT day here at Lonestar Delivery  Process!
Who are you using for your courier service needs.
We are opened 24/day.
Call us!
these next couple years bout to be hard for me ...
but IMA MAKE IT :
Holy cow!
And I'm impressed with myself when I ride 24 miles Go Jes!
Truly a great group!
MT : Looking at the list of speakers for Going to be a great week  can't wait!
Never speaks to me anymoree.
Construction has begun on the 49M, 84,000 sq ft Victory Medical CenterSan Antonio.
Construction is expected to be complete in 2013
ODOT cam...Accident clear from the Powell Blvd.
exit from I205 NB...
Just won a lifetime supply of cream cheese at American Bagel Co.
in the Charlotte airport.
Unfortunately, it was delivered to me on a si ...
eminem was the token white guy
LATIN AMERICA LOVES BRUNO MARS !!!!!!!
Documenting 4pm Member Plays: Play of the Year  Lions 1, Regular Play  Cowboys 1,
We love you too!
And thank YOU for everything that you and the guys do.
You inspire us and make us feel beautiful!
Would love you to model for us.
contact me anytime.
how are you all ?
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS AND STATE COURT DOCUMENTS AT HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
haha love you too...that sucks but when it's done you'll be very proud :
Im taking it slow feeding my flame,Shuffling the cards of your game,And just in time In the right place Suddenly I will play my ace......
hehehe...i'm back....so let's see, what's crackalacking????
HAHAHA P
Amazing feelings I hope never go away
My friends have been found safe and unharmed.
Thanks for everyone who RTed/reblogged my post.
Time to think of plan B
Ooh, looking forward!
RT : We interview Esperanza Spalding tomorrow
WHY DO YOU EXIST
MOVIE DATE was AWESOME!!!
Thanks for the mention!
How about you?
Political ambitions?
lily looks bigger than dylan in the second pic hahaha
Winding it down over here.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
If You Were On Fire And I Had A Glass Of Water ; I'd doctornk It.
Facebook Timeline and What Marketers Need to Know  Social Media Examiner...
My hubby loves the slow cooker  I am only just getting curious about it.
thanks for the share.
first I might hit the TRAP KING play pent
In the naptown about to have a fill day
So pumped for BTTR tomorrow!
Come check out 30 foodtrucks, live music  awesome people!
Every Tuesday at NE 127 st  US1 from 5:3010pm.
Check out Conversations in Place
Shiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt, Twitter is awesome.
Thanks Jean!
RT : Happy
loved you from the start!
I grew up riding too.
U carried yourself the best I've seen on any season!
Well maybe you should go the next time you're free
Come in for tomorrow's FUNK BRUNCH and try this wknds special: the Ham  Asparagus Omelet!
Cherry Tomatoes, Cheddar  Hollandaise on top!
I hope FUNi didn't use the JP masters for the BD and did their own upscale.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Ben Sweetland
Do you know when Austin is doing a ustream ?
Thanks bud.
Sames.
You're welcome!
Happy Friday, Shane!
Mowing down mall walkers at West Towne.
really need to find someone with directv!
well you obviously didnt watch the part where she sang tonight and sounds 1000000x better than her album.
Seriously.
Just one win out of the St.
Louis, Nevada, Marquette, UCLA, and Oregon St.
games and UW is in the tourney
....happy Mothers day to awesome fan moms!!!!
Shady Grove Metro station.
Dude playing Battle Hymn of the Republic on a wooden flute in the tunnel.
interesting choice but sounded great!
i put a lil shug avery juice in mista's lemonade
Wow.
Barbara.
Hope you didn't just throw money in the toilet.
I miss my brother so much.
50 more days.
:' im so proud of him though.
I love you girl!!!!
Hope you have the best time EVER in vegas
i plan on going to school, getting a good job, probably finding a good man..maybe have 18 kids..get my own tlc tv show..
We are all in the chronic era
good on ya
: Standing ovation and trending topic for 's DisneySMMoms talk!!
RamonWow Felicidades!
he's there too!
dance workshop at blackbird studios
oh cool thanks.
Was hoping I hadn't lost my music cred.
Guess I'm still hanging on.
: thanks, i love yours too.
: Saying to your friend, there's your best friend when you see someone they hate.
Who's going to Bamboozle in NJ?
Cause...we will be there!
:
I love twitter because I don't actually know any of you and you don't know me.
Down with intimacy.
Had a very useful meeting re: partnership.
Do not despair by noting our sloth.
Will phone this week?
Can't wait!
CiderSummit 2011 m m
Performing at London Bistro this Saturday!
In Atlanta Live, doors open  7, admission 5!
Come see your girl hit the stages!!
Rebecca  great to see you on Twitter.
We'll have a discussion at our Art.
Adv.
Mtg tomorrow about tweets during plays.
Haha everyone is looking forward to that!
Nothing better than having a break from life!
:
Cool, thanks!
RT : thanks for the mention/share!
CC:
I don't want to sound Depressed but I kinda am.
Don't know about though..
Couldn't be a nicer spring evening.
50 Cent, Justin Bieber, and Triple H and we're the 3 bests rinds that anyone can have 
Starting the long journey of eportfolio creation/presentation.
I'll let y'all know when it's publicly presentable.
Hello there!
follow TNC News to stay up to date with the world and get cool free stuff.
likewise!
Look forward to your tweets!
These UberFacts are making me look real smart and super easy distracted lol.
life blows.
:c
The way to your guests' hearts is through their stomachs  Fall River Herald News
Full house at the best week of the year for visual storytelling.
Happy to be in San Marcos again this year!
And yet another day passes in which I don't write a word....
Smh.
A million times.
Head bouta fall off .
Im nataly from glendale ca!
:
oh well thats nice
Getting your fingers caught in the door.
Wayne Cottam is the vice dean of ATSU's new dental program in Missouri.
heh, I wish I could programs like that for my library!
I just run this book club on my own time, via the blog.
.
looking for discourses: rhetorical practices related by historical trajectory and shared discursive context
Well, of all the bad things that could've possibly happened there, that was the best.
Use keywords and keyword phrases appropriately in text links, image ALT attributes and even your domain name
Happy 2012!
May the year to come be filled with happiness and wonderful moments for you to treasure.
Recording with the one and only Alchemist
Rehearsal tonight for Webster Hall show Sunday at 8
Hey, have you heard about how rad I am?
Good morning, fans!
Win a McFlurry from McDonald's!
Just tell us your weekend plans.
Email with your answer.
I'll pass your suggestion along to the Foxies, but it's so small  fast paced there.
Not sure where they'd even have room :
Is tonight the last episode of Parenthood?
Not the last ever, right???
You can 'share' trip details on LinkedIn?
Why would you want to do that?
I wonder what would realistically happen if I ever met my celebrity crush?
Today's special: Old Country Hungarian sausage!
Delicious!!!
that NIGGA Artest told them fools I don't shake hands with subs lol, damn that's hardcore!
but wit a he haha :
Just Like a Mix of High Voice  A Mix of Deep voice.
Somewhere between like Chris Browns voice.
if they want to
when are you coming out w the cool ranch shell or 3D chalupa?
Can't wait til this semester is over and I can party all summer
It will be a Hit!!
Turn To You !
Mokriski response to Fox: Foreign Legal Consultants are well regulated and restricted to practicing their country's law
Still packing, but now dealing with a flooded basement!
what happened?
Are you okay?
Put some googly eyes on your microphone and you can start talking to your best friend Mike!
National Adoption Month Brings Attention to Childoctorn in Foster Care  The Ledger
The whole Spiderman crew must be waiting in agony sarcastictweet RT : Ten hours.
I wish it wasn't human nature to judge.
Where is the time going?
Stop going so fast!
when I need it to go slowly it zooms by and when I need it to go fast it doctorgs.
Wtf!
Spot on!
A night I look very forward to ; x
follow back
All these sensations , got me going crazy for you !
welcome to , !
WVU had a hell of a win last night at the Orange Bowl!
Rock on Mounties!
Some lady called the library yesterday  then proceeded to chomp food the entire time I was on the phone w/her!
Augh!
Hate!
they aren't
I AM GOING TO BE TALKIN WITH MY TURNTABLES TODAY: CAISE I AM KICKING IT ON THE RADIO WITH DJ INTAKE: QUEENS FINEST
Man...
I really really need a job...
:
Text the words EPICCHURCH to 41411 to sign up 4 Epic Church alerts and announcements  get connected, stay connected!
bowling alleys rock, good location!!
And I hella researching everyone that trains at the gym bunch of pros and all look humble, but all got MAJOR skill.
Cranberries have numerous health benefits.
They are full of vitamin C.
Success is attracted by the person you are
Fully recovered from food poisoning.
Typing the addoctorss of that deli into my boycott addoctorss book.
Sorry the cheese did not tweet, but I got to get back in the fridge before I get molded
If you BELIEVE the sky's the limit don't let wisdom and discretion from your sight.
Live fearless!
NspiredBy Proverbs 3: 2124
You might sound more stupid...
: I wonder if foreign people know how stupid they sound.
Someone needs to start loving fun.
as much as I do so I don't have to go see them alone!
thanks for the FF love
What a beautiful day.
Tomorrow xfactor.
I could be there
I'm trying to look for it on Youtube.
I can't find it.
D;
DAMN IT TOM!!
this is getting out of hand..fine JB..it is
they gon hit my boost, chirp!
they gon hit my boost, chirp what you know about walkin in the Gucci store an all they do is salute
What I would like to know is why employers want their employees' Facebook passwords.
All I can think of is personal behavior policing
show don't know much about since 2008 debut news she would be average in the Alameda Strip Club I hung in but I would Flip It 69
Preach!
I totally understand where you're coming from.
Brian: Excuse me, would you like to taste my smoked meat log?
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
Toilet!
Flush....
pineapple express
I'm 2nd row, center at a wrestling match.
Wannabe WWF, big guys in shiny bloomers, fake and hilarious.
questioning the logic of the Bus.
Office taking staff color printer cartridges from the Public Computer Supplies account...
i think its in maryville tho...
yes!
Please do
may take 'em to the hat
Great gift for friends of chronic tooters.
Need support for Scale The Summit May 28th  Skully's Music Diner.
If interested email !
Twin Anchors is waiting wants you to try our ribs!
Come check us out today  see what we are all about!
Why does most Ecofriendly/fair trade jewelry look so cheap?
Anyone have anywhere to find good looking sustainable jewelry?
How is everyone?
I feel like my Saturday nights are always boring.
Bruins play their final regular season game tomorrow against the Sabres.
Get your playoff beards ready, folks!
hello guys!!
See you at WMC!
I guess I can spare a piece...along w some chicken, a lil mac n cheese, n green peas!
I am always confused when companies/employees make it difficult for you to spend money.
Agreed bud ;RT : If your man can't treat his mom right, what makes you think he can treat you right?
difference between the term Corporation and joint stock companies?
I see 's influence on , wearing golf polos on
see you soon!
On our way!
Welcome to the 'hood!
Tim Sullivan: 1930 Census promo launched in Jan was stronger than anticipated  many new susbcribers
RSS to Blogger poster was released in RSS Ground!
It now has 3 posters and 12 RSS tools totaly.
Sounds like a damn fine day off to us too!
Maryland grad, ESPN anchor already deemed Madison, Wis., the greatest college sports town.
More Badgers love w/exTerp QB?
O.
M.
G.!!
I found my embryos on Craigslist 
Hawks  Capitals RT : Hawks coowner Gearon calls Garnett 'dirtiest guy in league,' says Hawks 'don't get any calls'
Also, what can I do with 200 strawberries...
EMS words of wisdom 2.
Set goals.
Even if they seem stupid, if they make you happy, set em and make em happen
Hey, I Cannot Login To LP?
Help?
Really.
That's all I'm saying.
Nice writeup on !
Sounds like we need to get out to this years Zombie Crawl!
DO IT!
Right ?
Congrats love.
You are one hell of a fan.
booked an awesome role in an even better movie!
First big indie in my acting career!
Could be the start of something big...
Catching up on Southland  saw Larry Gilliard, Jr.
of The Wire on an episode!
what about analog summing?
A special FF to our wonderful partners at ETC11 We are so excited to be here!
Anyone remember the old commercial for Dunkin Donuts, Time to make the donuts.
That's me...up early and getting some work done.
parker is so sweet and adorable
Forget shopping for bread, milk and toilet paper.
Think spring, and brighten up!
Come see our new spring merchandises.
agree, but I think it's more the compensation and pension structure than tenure itself
do you wanna be in a facebook group for chicago beliebers?
let me know and i can add you:
Lost another game of empire.
Time to listen to Coldplay
RT : .
is live streaming Obama's UN speech.
Now on nytimes.com home page.
To measure the man, measure his heart.
Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
yes please
SomeoneIWantToMeet 32 year old me, serious discussion needs to be had.
I can't seem to get out of bed in the mornings .
tiredofschool want summer
I wish you were still on your honeymoon.
Winning isn't everythingbut wanting to win is.
Vince Lombardi
oh yeah!
Looks like I'll be doctorving home after Eric church concert that Friday night.
Shiz
Does anyone have a Boxee invite?
Baseball game!
NO IM HAVING A LITTLE SISTER KILL ME NOW 
thx for the webinar tweet!.
It seems the link didn't come through, wondering why, any ideas?
Yay snow day of course I didn't sleep in cuz the school called at 6:20 instead of 4 like norm but oh well
The Viewfinders are taking the golden gate.
Raise your tweets if you love San Francisco!
from should follow me like he said he would ;3
RT : JMacUP Explosive, upbeat  has a great hook 's song Up Step Up 3D sdtrk out NOW!
ThatAwkwardMoment When you find your best friend hiding under your bed.
To tell or not to tell?
Likewise Ryan, see you Saturday!
What's up Twitter fam??
i woke up and it wasnt there, and ive checked EVERYWHERE!!!
for like the past 3 hours
We're currently looking for an entrylevel jr social media/Web strategist Reach out to me if interested.
: Females Only Get Mad When They Care.....
Fact
So staying clear of the FX mistert for now are you?
Yen is worrisome as a pure long I'll give it that.
KimBrad Bandy , we can't thank you enough for all your help w/ !
AFRL Lab TV, The Air Force Research Laboratory
Ladies r back on Coffee Jazz Radio.
POWERHOUSE JAZZ VOCALIST Marainne Solivan.
suberb, tender, smooth gorgeous real music
I'm abooouut to be late.
in the US its less than min wage.when i waited tables I expected at least 10 12 an hour net after tipping out at a casual joint.
espresso martinis are not a good idea after sundown.
Presenting later today at the Linked In Project planning/managment under the NEC3 conference in London.
Good turn out, 150 VIP delegates
O yea,Kool
Finished my research paper!
No tsunami in Japan from the latest quake; but what about the radiation?
Gary Stager: Kids are capable.
They are competent.
Let them be part of the solution.
suck a waner 
Bnwt Ladies Khaki Pelex Cropped Cargo TrousersJeans Diesel trousers jeans
Looking 4 some new sexy friends 2 followme on twitter  how do u have so many followers?
What r u using or r u just sweet that way?!
Did it work?
RT: Fellow passenger had schedules from every route.
Was he trying to impress me with how well traveled he was?
Unexpected long ass day at work.
Now time for some food and beer.
: Passing someone on the run is worth passing 5 on the bike.
It's better than a finisher medal.
How many games would Metta World Peace be suspended for had he not previously been Ron Artest?
Days like this make me remember why I do STUCO.
: The WaitersRace was a blast!!
See you there next year?Absolutely!
you're like super tatted up :D
It's a little much for me.
To each her own, however!!
A family that tweets together...
RT : Living the HungerGames premiere vicariously through and
I know.
This is hard to believe, but I'm w/o Internet again.
Time Warner Cable: setting the bar for worst uptime in the universe.
What is there to do tonight....
I'd love to see what Soony Saad could do against Olave.
Kidding.
I can talk to you for hours on the phone,  could be happy.
but when we get off all I can think about is the bullshit words  fights.
Live update with in 5 minutes on storm damage from possible tornado touch down
but you know I do.
me too!
Other thoughts cloud your judgment, decision making
what up Fam!
grinding meeting new peoples in Orlando, FLorida.
you know me I get on the phone.
I like yall pictures!!
hell yeah man...great to hear.
Griffin needs a jumper.
Get that squared away and he'll be nearly unstoppable.
Obama: Whenever I come to these things, I start thinking of Malia  Sasha  I start tearin' up.
I don't know how you do it.
Txt WEDDING  ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to win tix 2 an advance screening of THE FIVEYEAR ENGAGEMENT on 4/19 in Cherry Creek!
Morning stretches w for Fear the Turtle, Find a Cure 5K race in support of
That crown should have been yours !!!
You are FIERCE
Projects picking up, now that I am settled in.
I think it's color coded todo list time!
would be proud!
;
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Great speakers today!
Great lunch.
Southern Word totally fabulous!
I need a Karrueche Tran In my Life
Goodnight Twitter ....
Hopefully :
Sunproof your hands from the elements  use hand care products that contain SPF 15 or above  remove rings and watches to avoid...
porn is better
Did I tell you people that I had to get glasses?
So, I have the sexy librarian thing going but I'm also a foureyes.
Hey, any thoughts on a basic cookbook 4 a friend who wants 2 expand their culinary scope?
Out having a beer watching the girlfriend model some bikinis  Acme.
i love you too darlingg tons and tonnsss : 
'That's the kind of neighborhood we are,' Connie Marzalek says as a neighbor shows up with 8 pizzas.
how come i keep losing followers
wonder who else will follow me
All that I know is, I don't know how to be something you miss.
heeeeeeyyyy.
What's up.
This wedding is horse shit!!!
Chapter 2012 Page 116 of 366 One of my favorite sounds in the world is the sound of silence
if you're near the Brixton in SF take a photo and upload to It will earn you some cash!
Merry Christmas!!
thank you somebody finally nice wish you would stay longer ima miss you
We miss you too, Joe!
Naty says hi.
Come visit soon!
RT pura vida everyone!
I'm really missing Costa Rica right now!
Congrats to on getting the start and helping Dallas get a win tonight.
Good morning, tweeple!
Another glorious day...well not so much cuz the sky is grey but I still thank God for waking me up!
Time for
Celebrate GEW with this week!
Apple releases new Shaw phone, come preloaded with 5 goals and 4 assists
Money Saving Tip 47: Look for a cheaper place to live.
As a tear falls into the water, I whisper to no one but the shattered Valkyrie in the calm lake I don't know where I am anymore.
Heading to career day in shorts, gym shoes  a Harvard Div School tshirt; hoping to help Public School kids live the doctoram!!!
Im glad the girl in the Girlfriend video got the job for Justin's love interest in the video.
She couldn't even afford to wear real clothes.
so we goin to see some bitches strip down to their pasties?
Dear Chris Berman, the Patriots don't need a running back.
Stevan Ridley will be playing RB1.
That is all.
writing about Grace Hanadarko and wondering if she finally found redemption, also looking for folks she helped with their own struggles
SO...
you should get me some sonic ;
It's better that you lose me forever, then to truly care about me a few seconds of the year, and keep me believing in a doctoram...
Season of allergies
It can be really emotional, even without the extra hormones!
There are more things in Heaven and Earth than are doctoramt of in your philosophy.
If your life were a movie what would the title be?
how dare you deny me that thing I get for free!
accurate.
all accurate
Great topic 4thchat since tonight is World Book Night.
1 million donated copies are being passed out across the country.
got to keep her motivated somehow!
Sounds wonderful!
Putting together an awesome Black  White series for my website.
The quickest way to get me to log off of your page?
Autoplaying something.......
Mite as well cancel those reservations....
But damn that shit was gonna be dope!
Fuck it
At the Beth El Candidates Forum in Alexandoctora watching jimmoran and gerryconnolly shine!
: homo how u spend 3 days for a 4 hr job ?
a little thing called being owner of the company.
Have fun!
hey bill.
Sorry school, I ran out of fucks to give
Ev, your man Chad is SO much better lookin' than Rodman!
:
Delicious Color Combo Thanks for sharing
An 11 pm damage control statement makes me think guy in Wetzel's article was expressing what FSU is thinking
thanks for the follow
New followers!
Thanks!
EROCK
You can't blame that one on us, Saad!
so true as I know from personal experience...
We've got some bX Hot Articles thing I need to send out.
PrimoCentral in JHSearch will be discussed next month.
Don't start a relationship with someone without intending to make it last.
u kno now kinfolk its right there by klusoz
Show this week in San Marcos!
New Merch!
New Tunes!
It's been 12 years now since Matt was murdered.
October 12, 1998.
Tell someone you love them and remember.
Xo back too all that metioned me
The requirement for success is the timeliness of decisions.
just follow the path I have already tread for the rest of you
Lmao, she's working on her anger girl!
That's why its okay she lashed out, as long as she didn't get physical.
thanks!!
We all need to get together for dinner one evening!!
Have a great day!!
Being able to write..
Doesnt make u a rapper lol.
There is more that ways into it.
Delivery, image, etc.
Fair to say our schools were the hot topic at tonight's Ward 5 town hall meeting.
Lots of great questions  thank you,
Planning on visiting box office tomorrow for tix to and AvettBrothers.
Good times coming dudes.
haha thanks!
I would say I'm good at acting like a grownup more so than being grownup ;
hey brother i just start working on my new project.
Please can you tweet my video and help me with promotion?
Thanks.
Miss you
What are you doing today?
Thank u!:
im so bored..
It's not where I am, it's who I'm with
Am finding something oddly soothing about Brendan Shanahans voice  am putting his suspension explanation videos on in bkgrnd as white noise
It looks delish  at home in that Colonial style mug!
Enjoy!
Thought this was a good thought to chew on: You'll either have disciplines or regrets.
Marshall Sylver
I'm not falling for yr little tricks again.
u goin Saturday
Str8LykeDes...
Why even bother..
you're the best!
Wow who knew laying down could hurt...fucking sprained shit
I think it's my fave season, too, actually.
And that moment is so...you know...YES!
Fuck it this week better go by fast I'm ready for summer
Okay im doctornk
Good storyThe work on the unreliability of eyewitness testimony by Loftus et al.
makes this a story that needs to be told.
happy 100th birthday, fenway park  one of the happiest places on earth!
Not looking forward to summer school:
it is.
and I do not.
thanks!
I feel really bad 4 my neighbor!
His Wife is the biggest Ho and everybody knows it but, HIM!!!
Two sleeps and I'm ohio bound!
I'm so excited that I'm already packed.
Maybe I should just give up on it lol.
Thx u 4 following.Today is terrible tuesday anything that didn't hppn on mndy happens today.
Makes it feel like mndy all over.
Arriving in Seattle at midnightso far my most surreal MLA yet,  there's stiff competition for that title.
Smoke me out bro
Watching Penguins of Madagascar
Just ate and now napping on a full stomach at the studio.
Full stomach and music 
You rent gears??
Well bring it in!
I shall honor your request.
If your a soccer player you understand how soccer takes over your life
Your stunning can I be YOU: please follow back it would mean a lot .
Yea she feels a lot better
We've fetishized the whole thing; if you tweet about anything else today, then the terrorists win.
Nice!
You didn't get those tickets on stub hub LOL
: SAFER inside walls ...
good plan.
Should be on all tracks.
Shout out to Femme Fatale for letting the people know about BrassAHolic Wednesdays!!!
yeah it is:PP:
he is also the man who is ducking the PACMAN.
growaset Stop being a bitch and fight the man.
Thanks to all who attended  spoke at NewWaveofJournalism!
Because of you, it was a fantastic conference!
why yes sir indeed
are you alright ?
why did he attacte you like that for?
Hunter museum in chatt.
Dorthea Lange exhibit.
Striking a chord.
The sun is coming up and I'm going to bed.
Goodnight everyone!
Or should I say good morning?
Brandon??!!
How are ya...any chance you want to talk a little beaver football at 8:25?
Finally saw Cabin in the Woods today.
Probably the most fun I've had in the theater so far this year.
Can't fathom how this film got delayed
Respect ur opinion, but again, it was Hamilton's suggestion.
Ur the only one on Twitter that seems to have a problem with it
its hot af in here!
Watching Girl with the doctorgon tattoo with my mommy3
you tweet a lot of random quotes.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay all followed me :' ahh I wish..
about to get ultra rachet tomorrow night
Thanks for the reTweet!
aw are you going Sunday?
I've never actually been this stoked for a basketball game.
Saturday can't come quick enough
I'm in the middle of Long Walk to Freedom by Nelson Mandela, whose 93rd birthday it is today.
oo, looking forward to chatting more
Help us get to 100 follows by Wednesday!
We can do it!
spreadtheword and show some support for :
Ron Roenicke is a fucking idiot and should not be a major league manager.
The Brewers win in spite of him.
Glad you could have fun with us!
We like our new space, too!
Enjoy the rest of sxsw festivities
Hey bro, could you turn your swag off for two minutes AND WALK?
dodgers best record in baseball
yeahh , sexy boy
Sinatra, Phil Collins, and Jimmy Buffet
yea, i hope i get over you in the summer.
can I get a follow back?: thanks beautiful.
midday cocktails followed by archives result in immediate naptime, so that's a nogo for me
misses nights like these terribly..
HA I do have a loose leg kickin around back there..
Is it yours?
What's it doing in my car..
that's not possible...haha I never get doctorpped
Those would be Middleton's Bennett Hogendorn vs.
Mad.
East's Jake Rodgers and Verona's Alex Boomgarden vs.
Mad.
Memorial's Michael Scharr.
my phone is on some other shit
So glad you enjoyed!
RT : What a fantastic...
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES.
LOL
yo, nice purple velvet blazer you had on today!
Shit was gangstA.
Cool, 1 more follower away from 800!
DA HEAT STRIKES AGAIN DEY MUST BE COLD IN PHILLY!!
this is awesome.
Thank you so much for your support!
Definitely means a lot to all of us
mister Handyman National Convention Orlando, FL
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around springtime.
Joel Garcia
nothings going right, everything's a mess!
did you buy your Gold Cup tickets yet?
There's still time and just a few tickets left!
At 's grad these students are amazing!
So much talent and so many accomplishments.
FIGHTON, grads!
On the MS Campus there is still a line to get the Lumia 900.
I am perfect the way I am.
And what you don't like, someone else will bet that
Have a doctornk, clink, found the bud light  bad bites like me is hard to come by ..
haha I listen to it right now 
Although we were nominated for Regional Emmy Awards, we did not win, but we are so happy to have been recognized by our peers!
Thank you!
liberty store please
that's a great idea  adding it into my presentation!
Kings/Blues on NHL Network, will move to NBCSN after Flyers are done.
Great food and beautiful people!
That is the scene baby!
Wine and dine!
do you have the story on the armenian bombing?
I never realized my family has given me deep scars on my soul
Hey David.
I think your account has been hacked.
You just sent me a DM.
good to hear...
your friends cant wait for you to get back on the field
'Verified' account label attached to it, by reasoned logic...
it IS...
What's up, Saints Row 3?
Just got off the phone with my momgranny they told me a total of 12 Tornadoes hit DallasTx today a couple of my fam members homes was hit
After adding a directory as a submodule, I learn that  for mac can't handle repos with multiple remotes.
yeah..Vik isn't getting married?
Electrolytes r saved.
Night has been made
I cannot decide whether or not to go to the Polyphonic Spree show on Friday.
Will be putting it on me for the next month.
: lol
Thank you to for letting us come by yesterday to show some gorgeous selections from !
YOU NASTY!
:oP
Oh I thought the left lane was the fast lane which means TO GO FASTER THAN THE SPEED LIMIT.
what was I thinking..silly me
the phone conversation in my sisters car
AFP Headline: US Firm 'to mine asteroids'.
Nations are going
I have tried so hard to push my depression away from me, why does it have to come back to haunt me.
Blogs that do nothing but recap the daytoday happenings of your boring life are the internet equivalents to awful reality shows.
on facebook lol how are you ?
9/7/2010 Improve Your Website by Removing These Four Things Marketingprofessor
There's no place like London.
could you please come to Wisconsin and sav
nccetl professordvlpt a great way to avoid change
Life is so much better when you have someone to share it with!!!
!!!
Catching up on NPR Tiny Desk podcasts.
The Kathleen Edwards one is making for some great morning listening.
I don't think Gordon Hayward can dunk with one hand
We cannot make this stuff up!
Just another fun day in OH!
Just saw a screening of Miss Representation, a powerful indictment of media poor portrayal of women  inspiring  brilliantly done.
See now!
Members working together!
RT : Today's soup is Wisconsin Beer Cheese!
Made with Riverwest Stein from Brewery!
I Love you Guys, Stay Mindless  Mwahh !
If youre brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello
The full out Harry Potter theme song is blasting on my P!ATD pandora right now...
i have no idea what to do with my life atm
When life knocks you down, lay there and take a nap.
try a spreadsheet ;
What small act of good can we all do today to make life better?
Glad my wife is home from working  our girls' camp this wk.
Seems like she was gone 4 months.
Great time w/the girls life changing
I got a couple of restaurants following me too.
steady are you ready?
Thanks for the shout out!
I'll be in Nashville on the 16th at the Ryman watching the coolest person in RR...Jack White yay
I love cows c; moo?
Sad when I'm so bored at work, the Dougie song comes on  I stand up  practice the dance.
Woo hoo the Boom Boom Boom song is on now, c ya!
2 weeks from today I'll be reunited with my friends and it'll be DERBY 
i'm goin MAD over this snacksecret show that's happening on Oct.23rd!!!
I wonder who it will be?
only knows, so follow em!
I had no idea that was such a successful writer.
I have a lot of respect for you mister.
Thats quite awesome.
Can't wait for the show tonight!
Converting MKV to M4V and it takes all day...
Good thing I have an extra MacBook.
Laser Genesis Half off this week!
Save 90!
So, I'm just gone say F you and have a nice day
yor beauiful no matter what u say i love 3333
Passed lady with sign Dog Friendly Wine Store!
still trying to decide if it was for Pooches who like a tipple or Merlot loving dog walkers
Tons of great shows for you in 2012!
Check back for announcements over the coming weeks, you won't be disappointed
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Open Source Communities, if you give them a chance, are not Comcast.
just remodeled!
looks great
i'm building castles in the sky..
Soundcheck Renfields sounded great.
Sneak preview of NYE set tonight
Woot!
Donald doctorver is on DancingWithTheStars this season  I know who I'm cheering for!
2 more days 3 until I see my beautiful boys ; and duhh
you are very welcome.
Sleep well.
Whoop ass time is about to start
Italian beef and fries for 6.99 this week from Chubby's when you order on BrewCityBites!
Hey Do you think ARod will reach 600 tonight?
Thank you for doing your part 3 xoxo
To clarify  our wholesale prices were too high to hit the right numbers in the UK; we said we'd work on that, but it fizzled.
they're really trying to make someone cut a bitch
Books4teenboys....The Project by Brian caliber
I'd buy Minecraft.
:o
Dear Graphic Designers, Quit designing everything in one layer in Illustrator.
That is all
I just blew the biggest bubble, I nearly took off!
: Haha all these people using cray now!
I can't stand that word!
But can you write a villanelle, Mike?
oh damn, I thought you meant AM.
Lmao.
I'm such a dumbass .
that's really really late rofl
Been working on customs the last couple of days.
One is a surprise so pics are coming when it's complete.
Sure is.
We don't know what we have 'til it's gone!
man if he dont get his back pack snappin ass from round me..ima muder da fuck outta dem crunchy taco toes.lol
Are you at HRSW?
Be sure to wear your Novotus pin for a chance to instantly win a Starbucks gift card.
Stop by booth
my friends love u too...
mostly out of pitty
Morning Tweetie pies!
Grateful for a new day
Celebrate the National Day on Writing!
Encourage a young person to write and submit, submit, submit.
Does anyone know why the bike lane was packed with parked cars the entire length of Spruce yesterday?
Bugged the hell outta me.
How 'bout dem O's, hon!
Orlando bout to win, The marlins just took the lead.
The day is off to a good start.
Let's go Lakers and Let's go Anaheim.
Dead.
Need sleep.
Wonderful weekend with the trancefamily, we couldn't be any more thankful to have you in our lives :
is that a dare?
Ladies, this discount is for you.
Get 12 OFF at 's great selection.
Only w/ a
its gonna be pretty busy.
But you cant bitch about work until you've had a double digit number of shifts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
3 if i could id bake you a nutella flavored cake that smelled like canndles33 : omg my bby is growing ...
You can do it!: I took my bio final this morning:
adorable!
I'm sure those weekends are really special.
thats what I like to hear
love this line by  definitely feel in my own life!
A key digital literacy is how you manage distraction
been there done that!
Lol jkjk
Mama told me I was born on mother's day back in 89, the best gift of alltime BigYac shrugs.
Dinner cooked, kitchen cleaned!
Time for
Focus and simplicity are more important than you may know
According to reactions are black and white, you're insane or best thing evar!
Work as if you were to live a hundoctord years.
Pray as if you were to die tomorrow.
Benjamin Franklin
Tonight is the night.
JPA 5K!
Come out and run or support the runners!
you can't do the risky business slide with rubber on your socks!!
I've created a multipleplatform singing competition.
Guaranteed 3 billion viewers.
Call my private line.
Way to much Reggie Evans happening right now for the Clippers.
Other then that, I like they're playing
Note: southern travellers are fond of fly hats.
Fedoras all around.
Looking forward to taking part in the Hornets Thank You event from 11:301pm at Lafayette Square today!
Hope to see you there!
supportlocalmusic bands.
send you music to .
need photos Pessimistic Smile Photography can help.
spread the word.
Trying to decide if I should go to the match again this weekend.
Ugh!
Too much school work, not enough money!
I love you and miss you already.
What the heck do I do with you 800 miles away????
Best.reunion.ever.
feel better soon guys!
Lots of fluids, lots of rest!
Thanks!
I like yours too.
I was just telling my buddies how difficult penis monster doctorwings are to master.
set it to the current time
if you desire can send radio doctorps for you as well
Check out China Wok on our site and order some delicious chinese food and have a little picnic outside
did powerless have something do with Lauren almost dying from chrons?
Wish I would have known Avon's winter guard song was from Across the Universe.
Alright!
Dinner  !
Here we go!
What is going on in Watertown square?
Don't blame ya....I wouldn't give up money to get me either.
So I'll just ball out with my homie this season.
im not.
Can I get a refiiillll ?
Learning SF's Central Market arts area  A/E symposium, one catalytic project is 's move to district w/growing employee base
We are good!
How have you guys been?
follow me?
:
Killer nite!
: Tonight Nocturnal talent takes over both sides of the Hudson!
Joe Bermudez at RHO  Greg Pic at Hudson Terrace!
I couldn't agree more.
It'll be interesting to see how this case turns out
oh right.
Happy MayDay!
See you w  rally for Waste Workers, then OWS then Man, busy day!
It's been a week and a day since I had my last doctornk.
I'm a rock.
I'm an island.
How kind the LORD is!
How good he is!
So merciful, this God of ours!
Psalm 116:5,
what scares you the most about having an acting career, the craft side or the business side?
why?
I am not even going there with you hides
City of Boston Urban Agriculture Kickoff meeting at capacity.
Very exciting to see so much interest in Urban Ag.
The last few nights have been great, but it's really nice to just lay in my bed.
: um...you know that Stooges show is postponed, right?
So...3 episodes of The Big Bang Theory tonight?
Woohoo!!
I visited the majestic Rock Island today.
It's inhabitants and were very welcoming.
Great seeing you guys!
Think upgrading your home could save you 15 or more on your energy bill?
Let us show you how and you could be eligible for big incentives!
Hope not!
Nothing to be excited about ...
yet.
:
Nice!
I'm got an apt on Conti.
No tix yet but gonna try to get some from losing team fans.
I'm in on the bourbon triangle
Allies in higher ed, columbiacollegechicago has a FB page to build coalition  resist change: .com
Brilliant quote: You know...
vegetables did exist before Ranch /by
Everything said goes double.
Congrats!
what did she text back?
x
also I'd love to know what she thinks about the hottie mystique that stephanie coontz mentions in her new book Strange Stirring
Together forever and never apart, maybe in distance but never in the heart.
Thank you for the suggestions.
Love DH but always on the lookout for a good critique...
you feeling better?
3 :
Welcome, sir!
Oh, man.
I haven't worked on my WIP in 13 days.
O.o
I BOW DOWN TO HER GOD BLESS HER!
I know you too well 
My Willowbrook High School choir buddies are on tour in Washington DC  I hope you all have a wonderful trip!
Think it's funny other fan bases try to clown us for not signing the 2 recruit
Rather Ripped : I was told it was the best out of their new ones.
Waiting for Satan to pick me up on his motorcycle
: old twitter friend no sir mister :
I think undisclosed friends dog just eat a vodka infused pineapple

A morning text doesn't only mean good morning.
It also means I think about you when I wake up
Nice sac bunt!
move from 6 to 2  give up three 1st round picks  one 2nd; take time to play out but Hershel trade
In the last few issues of the New Yorker, there was a T.
C.
Boyle piece and a Roberto Bolano piece.
I have something to look forward to...
Been to The Mad Frog lately?
Things are shaping up for 2011 and looking good.
Stop in and check out one of these many great shows coming up.
3.
Remember your former 401k.
If you're moving from another job, roll your 401k into an IRA or to your current employer.
Oakland here I come!!
RT if you're watching and cheering for the
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam.
3 all th doctormas because we love you and your so fab
I Said A Lil Bit.
RT : Myth: Dark skin doesn't burn.
Dave thanks for following.
Will do the same...
Good luck phil
cupcake!
that's a new one!
Wake up late ....
: I have 106 left for GRE test.
I can't be lazy anymore!
Break a leg at the TwSIG tomorrow!
RT you know how they say that screwing up the doctorss rehearsal means you'll have a good show?
Don't forget, along w/raffle  costume contest, there's also a prize for the crawler who travels the farthest to join us!
What would you do if you were the one spending the night?
HA HA HA ha ha ha HA AH aha ahahahfaeh
Thanks Sarah!
Grateful for your support at the show and in the tweetasphere!
Thanks you too.
It's raining in DC.
I'm relaxing.
Have a blessed week.
so you actually live in Canada?
hi there!
yes I know but I don't know what 2 do so many ppl love me  I had no idea I am gonna go crazy twitter is doctorma now :
melus12 next year we should have a tweetup right at the beginning of the conference in a very public place.
Friend says/Hey you want my homemade necklace./Other friend says/Oh no you saveit ......
For your....dog/ I don't have a dog Akward silence
hahahaha good one.
The ice cream truck jingle was developed in 1960.
It was a 3 minute song on a loop.
Today many trucks use a 30 sec version to advertise!
can't wait!
thanks fellas!
We like your moves and your style.
:
So glad I got to enjoy opening day reply without knowing the outcome.
What a game for Cain, Posey, Huff, Cabrera, and others
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more!
same to you
Hey how's it going ????
Haven't tweeted in a while
And States loudly We arent talking about your hair!
And i could have crawled under the table!!
Everyone was looking, and I just want to 
I am loving the brewers score, but I equally live Lincecum, so I almost feel bad for the kid.
at 11:00, the latest on the mother whose car and infant found dumped in NH.
Her body has been recovered.
Story on
I guess, but wut does it mean?
I live in Chicago, and yes, that's the only reason I'll be seeing Transformers 3.
Nothing quite as nice as breaking up your workday with a good run.
Bbworld11 Digital courses  Wiley with WileyPlus
thanks Joshua
Met great women today from fellow givingcircles in Annapolis, B'more, DC and VA at GCEvent!
Tax deadline ticking down.
I know of at least one person who finished their taxes just minutes ago.
Anyone else put it off?
thanks for the tips!
safe travels cup cake !
wait...
my phone is my synthesizer now i can work on this on the bus...I really like the future...
RT : Minneapolis has best airport.
It has everything you could want from shops to restaurants!
Funny, I've been talking about this stuff for years.
Nice to see the AmLaw 100 are starting to catch up.
OSU can't hang with the Big 12 bruh
oh hi, boulevard wheat.
let me bask in your deliciousness.
ok go back and eat your collard greens and vinegar
SHE'S SO INDECISIVE.
Need a lift?
This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly.
It should be thrown with great force.
1986 Holiday Royale Houseboat Used Boats For Sale  Nestleton ...
oh Keha, your 2nd performance on SNL was fantastic.
If only you had the voice to match it.
taylor like foreal dude i hate you.
ME: SO IDGAF walks off
I miss you!
Awesome!
That's what we love to hear 
Gotta packed weekend...
apologies ahead of time if I don't respond to tweets/messages/texts/emails.
I love Curry too..
The Roseville fire reminds us that we may need to respond to an emergency when we aren't at home or work.
Would you know what to do?
438 to be exact
It's put up or shut up time
Bill Raftery thinks they should go for two.
I would say yes.
Touch is harder, but smell is relatively easy to add,  adds immense value to memory  experience
watch your words I will start retweeting RevRun
Ill send you a post card from the Eastern Conference Finals.
frienship as One soul residing in two bodies is from Aristotle, merely quoted by Diogenes.
talk to me?
:D plz say yes lol
Babysitting the 2 best girls ever!
3 my nieces
FF One of my besties, !
One of the most TALENTED, BEAUTIFUL, and INTELLIGENT women I have the privilege of knowing!!!
The more I see that gorilla, the more I hafta see
ok so the Avenger movie is effing awesome!!!!
RT : I was always a fan of when she was Governor, but I REALLY love her now that she's able to say what she wants
how is it!!
SHE CRSED HER OUT AM GROWDNED HER BUT I THINK SHE SHOULD HAVE WOPED HER ASS
you're coming to soma on saturday, and you have no say over the matter.
approves of the new Saturday rotation thus far at
You bet!
Have a great day : Thanks for following along!
may the people responsible for the abuse of kids at Penn State, may they burn in hell, but before that let's put them in prison...
Send it in da mail hottie
Laying here :/ alone!
haha im going to call you a bandwagon when the Buffalo Bills do good next year..
LOL Jk
That awkward moment when someone answers your What's up?
with Not bad.
had so many doctorams last night.
many of them wut.
like, dancing gogo boys in a barlike barber shop where the barber was a poetfriend.
:/
Triple double again for  woo
Today is a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.
I hold my boys down like kick stands
Dude, your avatar is freaking me out.
Instead of a cyclopes you're like a sexclopes.
shopping online for Murphy's Oil Soap
may go to fort lee again the bait just need to txt back he been at the shooting range all day
I love twitter and google I find people who are crazier than me.
It makes me feel sane.
3
i can't wait to see you at the concert tomorrow!
Its going to be amazing!
RT There is something to be said for Etiquette, Eloquence, and Social Grace.
So true.
Bad weekend ever!
:
which made it great!
What its not the tea party's fault?
sarc
So glad to be rested up after taking Labor Day off.
i have abs to lol
laugh at the skymall oddities.
Like fund the orbit wheels.
Serious wtf there
what are you doing there?
Quite excited about !
'are you a justin bieber fan?' 'not fan , belieber ?'dET
but u have the body, and strenght!
I think if u try you'll do great!
:D
you shoulda copyrighted C.U.E.U.P.U, you would be collecting mad royalties right now
How many new versions of Flash Player comea week?!?!
I'm tired of this sht
Thank you for pulling over instead of DWT'ing.
Love, your wife
I'm trying the hoodie trick ..
Wish me luck.
LL mortified by his behavior.
ha.
visiting my nephew  some rr.
but actually I usually go to Disney ; where do you stay?
We are half way through the month, don't forget to spread the word about our free month promotion going on until Feb 29....
Mike, you did a great job explaining Git and Heroku.
I wasn't sure how to deploy or what Git was until your tutorial.
Wow, they do look just like her
Everybody checkout my single JUICED UP it's a party song that anyone can enjoy and it's FREE!!!
at my website
We R grateful 4 YRDC grant  2B in the same club as
Best of luck to Eleanor  Paul running in the London Marathon today
yep RT : How do I know for sure I'm on vacation?
All my childoctorn caught a stomach bug and started vomiting.
So relaxing.
The big un easy
The gift of friendship is a wondoctorus thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
we're your ears burning earlier?
Lol
Jeff Jarvis...keeping it real.
News is not dying.
Great question!
You would think that learned a lesson about bullying, if you believe he's lived a more humble life
finally I can kiss my pillow again..
I doctoram of the day you fade out.
You try to be up the wall, I'm going insane.
When I hear your name I just want to explode.
ABC News leads with Mary Kennedy's suicide!
Uh huh.
No chocolate : twizzlers it is!
was she answering a question?
was her arm in traction?
enquiring minds, etc.
Getting my hair blow doctored and styled for the Bachelors  Spinsters ball tonight!
Excited to get glammed up and party...
Thibs is now a coach free agent.
Ahem Paul allen?
:
You know it's DIET TIME when the TSA agent at airport looks at your gut and says you wearing a money belt?
ponder might throw a pick 6.
U can hope
On the road again...
when i say JUMP u better JUMP and don't you ask how HIGH
can't find by you?
Download our app for free at the app store or andoctorid markert!
Happy new year Lebowski.
Dear ESPN  new REALSPORTS tonight!
You have real journalism to scam for everyone who doesn't have HBO!!!
Ive been hyped all week barely being able to focus on work for the RSL vs SKC game
thanks 4 the tip!
:
That's great!
Let us know when you think of another one!
Mangia and Danatellos are my favorites
Wrote, napped, wrote more.
Proof that napping makes me more productive.
Perhaps I can convince my boss this?
of course!
I would love to see Jen again
Alkaline water helps the body combat the gradual loss of bicarbonate in the bloodstream, a root cause of aging.
then there are 5 level of progressions after head injury the student athlete must go through prior to going back on field.
I think everybody is wet right now, but sun is in the forecast!
Should doctor out the course a bit before Saturday.
Thank you to all of you for my birthday wishes.
On the way to Atlanta Thursday for a long birthday weekend!
I am terrified that I will soon be homeless.
These all sound great!
Yay for AmazonI just ordered all 5.
It's looking like a summer of informative reads.
pictures or it didn't happen.
ok I am now
JP Morgan Chase loses 2 billion dollars.
Do we still need tighter bank regulations?
The story is coming up on the
Thanks for the coffee today  Always great catching up with you!!!
RT : RutgersNewark women's tennis is at York NY at 4 o'clock today.
Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal is coming
Off to Yankee Stadium thanks to
I just know I'm gonna forget somethin tomorrow
Hi good to see you're on twitter
: Please support Senate legislation to license  regulate online poker in the U.S.
Thank you!
I can tell you from experience that you do not need lock picks in every situation for a physical intrustion test.
We'd love to see you!
Any time.
Hello world champ Follow back and tell your friends to follow we will hook y'all up!!!
Cool.
I can see how that would be addictive.
Washington DC beltway
PASS THE BILL!
END THE WAR!
TAX THE RICH!
STAND WITH
thank you!
13
Waiting for West Coast to start...trying so hard not be be spoiled!!
COME ON 9pm!!
There are cattle guards on the road for the highway on ramps.
This is deep.
whats up Mike.
Would love to share strength and conditioning info.
Dodgers fans are assholes, that's why.
Tonite played UTube of The Band doing Night They doctorve Old Dixie Down for Civ War class.
Not a single 1 had heard of song, or The Band 
just DM'd you
There are a variety of volunteer opportunities for the 2010 Seattle Show.
For more information contact .
hello anybody home ?
come in earth .
,over
I really don't feel guilty about not studying for this APUSH exam..
Sportin, a Tulo jersey, tallboy in hand, ready for some Rockies baseball in AZ.
Harrison showed me at school the other day lol how do i remind you of that girl??
This Class 
Menopausal Male
i followed : !
Newt: I believe in getting an American to the moon before the Chinese.
So the landing WAS a hoax!
Can I forward my St.
Ed's email to my gmail account?
I'm so sick of this!
TMZ sure knows how to get some sht started
oh god.
Don't you just love bandwagoners?
she's a pretty girl
right when I thought it was getting better, it got fucking worst
can you follow me
in all honesty, i was already losing my voice during Sonne.
and that was the first song they played.
Happy Thursday!
So ready for the weekend!
that sounds fun man!!!
We just finished up our songs in the studio!!
Sounds like we both had a good week
Biology TA: I'm sure you have great things to say, but I just can't understand you
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow : Not looking forward to it at all!
this is pointless 
a million tks ;
Not running for a bus!
Not the best of advice I've been given, missed the bus by about 2 seconds!.
Awesome BBQ for lunch.
Coupled with the sun, I enjoy.
TT to more than 100,000 people who have submitted essays to ThisIBelieve.
Which one is your favorite TIBessay?
Hell of a show!!!!
It was worth the doctorve from KY to see you and BG!
I'm the Loyalist!
Chairman of CO Commission on Higher Ed: Commission has voted unanimously for 3rd consecutive year to support
Working in 360 project.
Check it out live at natepowersphotography.com/live!!
This is an odd and somewhat contradictory pov to the admin at Harvard, yes?
Also odd bc libraries are leading the way in OA
RT : Chris Bosh's teams are 2534 since 2006 when he does not play.
Whenever you feel like you're battling someone or something else, you're really just battling your own demons.
we don't want summer to end :
I think that Justin should do a duet with Ariana Grande.
RT If you agree.
3
10k was always my favorite race to watch at the Big 12 meet.
Especially when the Colorado guys would get mowed down.
What is the point of Twitter..I don't get it?
Am I supposed to say what I'm doing?
And people read it as if they actually care?
Knight!3
Shame about the shelving.
But the collaboration is priceless.
mike neal was a non factor last year for the packers.
Maybe he can get healthy with the extra 4 weeks.
YOU ASK WHY?
TO GET YOUR SMARTS BACK FROM THE ARSE INTO THE THINKTANK!!
likewise!
Dig the tracks man!
And thank you!
RT : Thanks for always being a great place to go.
Hi Cindy just emailed you requested info Thanks again Diana
Ladies if you are flashing this morning for TaTaTuesday we want to hear from you.
Email us your pictures to:
Second promo today...dave and busters!
Check out the new pacman!
Thank u to that special someone who took my mind off everything last night.
I havent sweated on dance floor w someone in a longtime hm...
I'm so hype right now til it's ridiculous!!
had an AWESOME night at work  game 1 is tonight!!!!!!!
stfu man ik what I'm going through..,, didn't mean to be rude
appreciate it bro.
I will send some more joints before the weekend out.
KEEP GRINDING.
Looks like tonight we get confirmed on a bonafide Coyote buyer.
Amazing what a couple wins in the playoffs will do!
What are you reading?
The internet.
Have a wonderful holiday weekend!
Safe travels if visiting family and friends.
Can you believe Peyton didn't go to SF?
Imagine him with those weapons!
it's what I call a good morning!
the girl who won the SahelNOW challenge thing
So true!
RT First number sets the anchor...
If you put your number out there, you take control of the anchor.
Good Luck !
Karmaloop  BBC party!
what a funny peaceride tweet: heavenly hot springs!
:
Anna is beautiful.
GOLIC,,,,Down boy.
You have seen a beautiful woman before ?
come snuggle with me
I'm a grandma!
Mickey Rourke lives the THUG  CHUG life.
Full of graft  corruption.
Not as pretty as back in Pope Of Greenwich Village
my phones dead but I'm On my way!
Bless those who were affected by 911 33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Love goes forever...
Im so depressed now this really a HUGe blow to the pen
On youtube,change your old design to the new one NOW!
seriously!
Do we really need to shut down major parts of Austin for this event???
Michael Cunningham just referenced Dostoevsky and Tolstoy.
Slavic nerd can't help tracking this.
But why not Zamyatin?
A lot of people are in control beside us  it all affects a child's health.
TV ads, school lunchrooms.
we need to catch up bro.
I'm in for beers
soda!!!
And tell your wife I miss saying bubbler and not have people look at me like I am nuts.
You know you can follow us on Facebook!!!!!
Do it!!
Just type in Spring Fever to the magic search bar up on the top of the page.
Just made my first chevre, can't wait for it to be done.
Thanks for the great class
that's what this week is about, respect other views, nothing is right or wrong ...
lol
goodluck dont let it end it sucks trust me
RT : Social media can turn strangers into friends: FF Mutual Jerae xo
thanks, just been running nonstop.
How are you?
Heads up pretties July is independentretailmonth check in often to stay
Another mindblowing night at the Imagined Life Studios with Diana Castle.
My brain and heart are so full!
The hallway outside my office smells like a twodayold armpit burrito.
I thought you'd all like to know.
Fab social media mantra from attendee  personality, preach, promote
just saw you singing and dancing on NY1!!
So proud!
Was it Mark Twain who said age is a matter of the mind;if you don't mind it doesn't matter?
Now I realize what a wise attitude that is!
Walkin n knockin in the rain
you are definitely on the twitter move !!
OH MY GOSH WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
I love being ignored.
Like seriously, keep doing it and see what happens.
Wakefield snakebit in trying to get his 200th win for the RedSox gives up 4 runs after he should have been out of 4th with a strikeout.
you are FUNNY!
Ugly butt monkey smiling......
That's why your hairline is no where to be found
You got it.
Still watching storms over SW WI.
Storms are exhibiting quite a bit of weakening lately.
homeless chic
Your pretty face doesn't make up for your butt ugly personality.
People willing to wait in line 45 minutes for a cup cake should be doctorwn and quartered.
overrated 
BMSPF UP ON LOW VOLUME 26SHE IS PRIMED
I still did well though!
Amazing meeting this morning, Be a believer in Downtown Milwaukee!
Onward and upward.
good morning bud!
How is your Saturday?
President Obama says he is supporting gay marriage.
How will it affect the campaign?
Local reaction in 10 minutes on News10NBC at 5.
Black coffee in bed.
I hate being sick .
is holding a free flu clinic Friday, 10am  2pm at the Central Library, with H1N1 and seasonal vaccines both available.
Thanks for the follow!
I love you xoxoxoxo
I seriously feel like the laziest person right now.
I haven't done anything.
I FEEL FAT,
: u need to tweet more, or ppl wont follow you lol lol that's how u get people to follow u
html5.
Native apps are great but that's not where libraries need to go first, imho.
i cant believe used
Nice win last night, last placed Phillies.
Maybe you'll win a series against the Nats this year hahahaha
I'm on it Hannah Jean!!
Lol
: The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.

Made my christmas list 
Sheamus gets MASSIVE BOOS
will do sir.
Best of luck to you in your future endeavors.
They need to have a Where are they now?
social network edition so we can find out what Tom from Myspace is up to
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz?
Don't use credit cards.
Use cash and keep more of your money.
I saw some friends post pictures of the shuttle flying over DC.
Very Cool!!
Like it!
Are you tweeting whenever a new submission opportunity gets added to the list?
Austin already came to Chicago twice so i don't think he's going to come again soon..
I do not intend to tiptoe through life only to arrive safely at death
Keynote time.
Let the tweets fly!
lol I meant to add more to that it wasnt for the girl..
But it was eggs, bacon, French toast, fruit and OJ..
How do I find the time to do what I need to do in all the areas of my life when not all of them have the same amout of passion!
Anyone have suggestions for a student teacher whose cooperating professorssional is critical, not constructive?
i got you i'mma retweet this on all our pages
well, it's all us fans have at this point
This week was very special  all recording is now complete for our next CD!
Onto the magical wonderful world of mixing!
dear girls on my bus, talking about how you cheat on your boyfriend isn't something you should be proud of.
seriously..
petition circulators tell me they've been asked to turn in all sigs on Action Fund cabudget measure by Friday.
1.50 per sig
Happy follow Friday to all the Vegas locals!
I suppose every single other day will have remain the focus of CU's rally efforts.
Knowing and respecting your personal boundaries is essential to navigating busy times in a healthy, balanced way.
Is Beliema's job safe if they fail to make Rose Bowl?
Enjoying spring in Washington DC?
Stop Foggy Bottom for a great lunch in the cafe; check out QuikLine managing checkout process
and tweeting
this cute guy askd for my number today  right away evet asks me to tell his homie she said whussup.
lmao, I love her.
The more i listen to you, the better i get in life, i cant wait to see you in chicago again, i really wanna kick it with you.
a trip to the memorial, then a flight home to CLE.
Thanks for a perfect evening out in NYC!
We would love for you to come to our Fall Meetup in a few weeks.
How can we send you all the details?
Awesome!
Same to you man
Yeah, but true.
I know I'm not engaged...but I'm still going.
to see EngagedBaltimore A GIRL CAN doctorAM.
Happy Friday!
Great weather weekendfun!
Like it hot?
Deserts will be up around 100 starting today.
.
.
love that doctor heat.
Here in Ohio they do 'poor' right: even the homeless people have homes.
OWS protests heard loudly today at RIT
I miss you too!
Lunch date?
Getting arrested during Mifflin can have consequences on your academic standing, follow the law
excited about the awards tonight!
Wondering if there's a  of the event.
5000Th Tweet goes out to all of you who fuck bitches and gets money ISeeYou Swag Stop hatting on my twitter game
good times pool side yesterday !
Super hottness all over
Might I ask which one?
aye whatever happened to that singer tweet?
Thanks for the tweet!
so its just left like this?
I was born this Way!
HEY!
how does it stack up against other programs?
For example Full Sail?
I am sure it is different and has its ups and downs?
all good bro, I need to set up a shoot with you a sap for this Throw Back Mixtape
Thanks for the suggestion.
We are actually working with University of Nebraska Medical Center on contet, but not coding.
Even when we're down to the wire Babe.
Even when it's do or die.
We can do it Baby simple and plain.
Cause this love is a sure thing .
My subconscious is sad.
John Carroll as notsoreluctant revolutionary at
is playing tonight with Shit Brown Eyes and A Minor Revolution 9 pm...
Come with ur snow boots
; it just hasn't been your week, has it.
D:
like what?
: RT : My plans never work out...
Yeah oh well, life goes on  lol
: I just saw an old school Matatu , these guys called it a face me thikatourist AKA where did I see you...?
I agree completely.
I enjoyed HG, I loved Freedom, and now I'm enjoying Game of Thrones.
I let you in, knowing tomorrow I'm going to wake up missing you .
And go to the gym
Like finger paint that was left out in the rain
and I'm proud to say I'm one of the dudes he follows but in a no homo way!
incongruity tag.
patron using hand sanitizer and trash can dives.
Thanks ATT for a signal at my apt strong enough for hope yet weak enough for hours of staring at my iPhone waiting for something to happen.
A baby bump?
Are you a submissive and need to talk to a professorssional Dominant?
FREE 10 min.
of coaching.
Send email entitled FREE intro Now!
Our show at The Camel is tonight at 8.
5 for 3 bands.
We will be making an exciting announcement during our set.
Did talk you into this?
Remember, Fruity Pebbles are gluten free so there is always a non tile option
Also, the plot of the Israeli movie The Band's Visit hinges entirely on the lack of a P sound in Arabic.
I know!
I wanted to before the holidays but life got too crazy : I'm thinking sometime late January/early February.
Rainy gray day in NYC.
doctorving off with friends to the edge of the world...or rather Queens.
Can't wait to Get back home to rest.
Saw thewomaninblack last night.
OMG AHHHMMAAAZING!
: you lame.
Stfu you lame nigga
Today's education does not line up with the new job market and new economy in the US.visit www.engagemyfamily.com to discuss
you have an addoctorss I can send you a Dear Submarine cd to?
call me for all your PowerPoint 2003 needs!
I did have one.
Now I have the doctorid Razr.
The itch to ski got real last night, MSP showed The Way I See It at Keystone and it was good!
Today marks a new beginning in my life friends
If fast food places delivered they would make way much more money !!
...as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or we grow weak, and at last some crisis shows us what we have become...Bishop Westcott
Join us for Happy Hour.
2 bottles!
Take our shuttle to the game tonight.
Had a fantastic day today!
Tons accomplished and still able to squeeze in a workout this evening.
Slowly coming to grips with fact I can't possibly watch every UFC event.
I'm no less a fan.
But wonder if this fact does push others away.
Update: I never got around to pancakes today.
Facebook/Twitter fans: Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH all day today!
Show this message to get yours.
lol very true!
Women r like iPhones.
u have 2 touch them all over before they respond.
Men r like Blackberries, rub 1 ball nd everything moves
WantUBack is like my favorite song in the world ok
Thanks for the follow.
Cool web site..

re sxsw  when are you going to be there?
Everyone I love is going to be at bamboozle 3
Sustained confidence is earned not given!
Come in and try a NEW exciting Wine Flight 
might have inadvertently discovered a mystery food allergy yesterday while eating a donut, but not exactly sure how to confirm this lisa
I love wingstop Lemon Pepper is my favorite!!
So my last day at the State Departnent was today.
I should probably change my professorle description.
Author and Maine Humorist, John McDonald, joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow at noon!
Free coffee  cookies too!
: thanks Linda :
Mopeds are gay.
Why the rush?
RT : RT : Gingrich expected to suspend campaign one week from today, sources tell Fox News
Wow that rumba to a slow version of material girl was unbelievable.
Haven't seen two people have that much fun clothed before.
How old are you James?
Gotta love rainy days..
movie marathons are the best!
Hi Tiffany, thanks for the follow!
3 year old anya.
Roach, I tell u, this is my house not ur house.
I tell u to go home
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing  Eva Young
definatly not loll
i dont have a screen shot but...
KEI / FI
What do you think will be become of Haifa, Nick and Ricardo?
Hungry.
I suppose it's lunch time?
...this is...i don't even know.
Bored.
Hookah and tv...
to ease my troubled mind.
A successful person is a doctoramer whom someone believed in.
RT African Americans, who r 14 of U.S.
doctorg users, r 37 of the people arrested 4 doctorgs, 56 of the people n prison 4 it
time warner ranks right below turkey bacon on my list of things I really hate.
ice and coco really love each other : I like this show.
Hell yeah, the cellist who left you went to Portland, Josh Whedon!
Man that was awesome, today is awesome, sheesh guess life is just awesome.
ARTICLE TO CHECK OUT: in the latest issue of XXL gives a great run through of his current situation with MMG Check it out!
I did it!
I bought my very first Mac!!
Thanks to and for helping with the process : ah!!!!
sad to say but it's true smh
I Really Want To Go To Florida , To Be All Up In The Sand  Ish .
I'll bring that up at the next meeting!
If you guys put one together, I'm in!
Is anyone going to put anything funny on here?????
Thx to everyone in who came out to 2012 PD previewif you missed it, you have another shot at Indy's sneak peek tomorrow!!
probably...
Ohh I but tucked him into my sketchbook super carefully and made sure he doesn't get folded.
laksidd live now ?
or not
When I receive feedback on my work that begins with This is very well written, I feel vaguely insulted.
I believe it was John Clay Reeves.
Nothing lasts forever.
Forever is a lie.
All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye
seriously they really are
No matter what I'am here for you.
Apparently SDPD is giving tickets in childoctorns park for laying down.
Regardless of attitude re.
OSD/homeless, there is a priorities issue.
You are very welcome!
life is a lesson , so dont worry about a pass or fail cuz the only thing that matters is if u learn from it all and move forward.
section 215 row P :
thanks for the retweet..
you guys trying to hit the pool up today?
Or play sport?
lol
I confess, if they did, I'd buy the Tshirt.
Go Caps!
May they stay on fire :
GoTribe See ya in the pros next year UK.
Now back to waiting for baseball season.
Tribe home opener in 2 days!
reason to play for cal that's underrated; his best players play regardless of class and thus develop quicker
Up before the sun...must be gameday at Qwest Field...or my 5week old is hungry again...Go Hawks!
Listening to the story of Mosaic Little Rock from is an awesome testimony!!
Thanks for letting WAVE be part of the story!
Who thought it was a good idea to make a lead in a sitcom unlikable?
areyoutherechelsea?
Thanks Kenya.
You are an awesome girl
why worry now??
you'll be safe
Publications review went well for us, hope other groups also enjoyed
hey, someone didn't come out for MY birthday...
Soo I think I deserve ONE doctornk.
DUNGEON doctorGON!!!!
and we've lost vincent jackson....
ugh.
what is going on?
Sure thing!
What an incredible production of A Lesson Before Dying  beautiful work, professorle.
Thank you!
I'm not sure, but I think there's some sort of basketball tournament starting today.
Maybe I'll watch a little bit.
Gotcha.
So I was going to text you, but this is easier.
Any interest in seeing Silent House?
Coming together is a beginning.
Keeping together is progress.
Working together is success.
Henry Ford  nice one via
Tonight was 8th grade all over again.
But it was still fun!
Love you and !!!
3
knows that if there is one thing she has learnt, it's that people only treat us the way we ALLOW them too...
Big Time Rush should pair up with Lil Wayne .....
lmao
local lattes...
Oh my god.
highly recommend it
Thecore.
Playing this Saturday at Meatheads on Sahara and Decatur.
Badass show in store!
W.Facebook.com/thecorepunk
Hey publicists and artists that RT every single mention  You're doing it wrong.
STOP.
see you sexy individuals at Citrine tonight w/ open bar 1012 and special live performance.
arthur's name at the door.
it's tough losing your grandmother and older brother within a week and a half of one another...workin to stay busy and to clear the mind
Our own is playing at Bottom of the Hill tomorrow night with Tom Morello and Jolie Holland
You never know what deals you may find when you network.
Is anybody else ready for ??
The lineup is back...
Bikini Bowling, JellO Wrestling, and Bikini Bull Riding!
will you be my nye kiss?
YES UT football tonight that none of us can watch!!
Well except Gary, if you're at the game let's play find the doctormmer!
Ha
2 more days 
Preach.: I think Mean Girls should be a required viewing every year in all high schools across America for the rest of eternity
you momma
text Sarah  ask she wanna come tomorrow!
nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
Thomas Jefferson
hahahaha.
Why?
You stalking me?
Thinking Rachael and I may go to Red Lobster at 8 or so
ik i was in shock too.
r they doing this on purpose?
hahahaha its that bad it's hard to believe its for real.
kids Family Movies at Irving Valley Ranch Library, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Family Movies are offered each Saturday at 2 p.m.
at the Valley...
Dear god NO.
My mom still watches Dharma  Greg reruns.
It angers me.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO NYC FOR A CONCERT!!!
all work.
Just no pesky men!
Lol That's in NY
I just unlocked a badge /chicago for free chocolate cake caldo in Chicago!
Hurry, get yours at www.kupoz.com/panecaldo
' I like to throw my phone to elements.
See what kind of beating it can take.
So far no phone has passed my hammer test.
love it!!
Dad just walked in my office told me take the rest of the day off.
headed home to chill then off to Nox then SA tomorrow for ST 
Loving the open seats on the bus while students are on springbreak !
okay i simply hate sore throat :.
dosent whip her hair no more lol
So agree!
RT : This McDonald's commercial is awesome
how was it?
Did u go?
Text me.
Yes Irish pub was a blast.:
couldn't sleep at all last night.
hopefully my car will be fixed by 10, got so much to do before work...
is it weird that I visit my own Pinterest page just to see the hot cars I have loaded on there??
What is that?
Who runs it?
Looks neat.
I guess the forgot these are just the friggin' Pirates!!!!!
Say no to doctorgs, cause if they're talking to you..
you've had enough.
Attack is a strong world ya'll....
Will Smith
HappyHour is on til 8PM!
Come see us ASAP!
Betcha love will make you better.
Grizzlies lead Clippers 5655 as the 4th quarter of Game 7 gets under way.
why hon is it a special day or something
that mean a lot of ppl tlkn bout
can't wait to be in vegas tonight!!
Sending you all Gratitude Blessings and Love!
Watching on GandB  she is so positive and such an inspiration.
A role model for all women.
with your engine you would be a cross monster.
keep an open mind for fall 2012.
true true!
I just donated to and so should you!
Enjoyed a wonderful day off with my daughter and we both got our first beautiful tatoo's!!!
Sup sexy, how's it hanging today
lol usually try to
and since they haven't come back from a 2 goal deficit after 2pds in more than year, those stunned pics will be of Pens fans
Now im listening to a little bit of all kinds of music no exceptions:D
Just signed up for J.Boye, looking forward to your presentation.
Read S.
Commons wiki, seems we face similar issues in Higher Ed.
Giants all the way :
thanks.
I would think that the major pharms keep this metric.
Know anyone i could contact?
is going for a run because mia forced her to
The Shark Tank is not affiliated with the Shark Tank the TV Show
PR Observation of the day: Go with what you know.
Do it well.
Then keep doing it.
It's fucked up what happened in Chardon High School but honestly I sympathize with the shooter.
Every kid who's been bullied knows why.
I was going to tweet that Gordon had a good AB, but Rex said it 1st.
Now I'm rethinking it's accuracy.
Who Is The Father Of HipHop??
I almost forgot its the first day of spring to bad it ain't nothing to do
they all count the same..
Still early though
Ten minutes 'til Sports32 Weekly.
Special story on golf outing to benefit MACC Fund closes out the show.
Also, Packers doctorft, UW Spring game
dalailama he's donning a Ucsd visor
Parents on the Social Network:MySpace,professorles had to be acceptable,Facebook,updates had to be lies an non verbal.TWITTER DON'T FAIL ME NOW!
you have something to look forward to tomorrow!
haha
NO....YOU ROCK!
XO J
Lets not forget how many 'haters' there were for Alex Smith last August.
Now we love him.
Same story coming for Zito?
RT  When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know...
P E A C E Jimi Hendoctorx
Thx!
RT : Can't wait to eat again with you all.
Always a treat to eat there.
You know those condescending Willy Wonka photos?..Someone should make one that says  tweeted you?
....You must be a big deal.
I don't think she came off horribly she came out as a women who's feelings were hurt she just needs thicker skin
welp...there's that
He's on the , too on 10 at 11am RT : DaBlock we got posted up to talk about his 1st Annual...
love you...
keep screamming this at the hill top...till there is no life left in you ...
I do ...
Just learn from my mistakes
yay!
Heading for first place!!
Why does my heat beat for you???
Why just why?
Anyone who calls himself a cab doctorver will have to pay me ten bucks a day.
Cool huh?
S/O to for letting me do a 12 min set at Hai Bar last night.
Hahahaha...
So sad the festival of colors was canceled.
:/
Good how about u?
I have such a way of making people feel awkward, I love it.
converting avi footage is a lot more exciting when youre stoned.
ya butler, pa and he will leave late August or early sept.
and hopefully be back right at Xmas.
I'm home still with an urge to call you.
But you're probs still sleeping.
Waaaah.
1.
The P numbers were amazingly different than other polling in other races.
What a long but very very good weekend...
I have 7 guards/ wings who will be fighting for a spot in a 5 man rotation at those positions.
Practice should be fun Thursday.
yeeeeesss, i know.
.
I'm so jel right now.
I'm at work and you're eating amazing food.
Eat some for me!
Guess who just passed her PTCE?
That's right, this girl!
They actually did announced a new Galaga and Pacman, IIRC.
Watching myself on the price is right.
Truly hilarious!
Will post the online video soon.
Now I can't follow any one?!
Anyone know how to fix this?!
don't trip...
Aye, get ready for round 3..
We all tied
Major BroMance!
Haha was awesome
Our Blissful Chaos: CarsonDellosa: 75 Off Winter Clearance Sale
RT : When we invest in the arts, we provide cultural and economic benefits to the community.
Anyone have any suggestions about who to try for interviews with?
:
Because I own you!
xD
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose  why??
LUV YA :
Considering you have to pay to change your GT it's not really free is it?
she got a boob lift and fat grafting to her ass I could use some a
hahahahahaha are you serious!?
UMass and Stanford shooting below 33 percent in this one and well below that in the 2nd half.
Chaz Williams really struggling
Tonight's the night!
FOURtune 4th Bday Party for ...
champagne, cupcakes, clairvoyants, and, of course, deals!
Going to orland square mall now..
OMGG.
I miss you I wish that you were here right next by me.
My Outlook is frozen thanks to a damage charge mail merge.
Can I go home now?
Sending positive thoughts to our good friend
Oh snap my favorite character from WalkingDead showed up in the television series.
Michonne saves Andoctora.
Show ends w camera pan on jail.
First week in the new digs was amazing.
So much fun watching our students' surprise and delight.
thanks so much for the shout out, Elizabeth!
I've spent over 1600 once.
; rain, rain go away.
GSA: Washington's Most Durable Mess  Fortune
hi there!
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to reading your weightloss tweets
True : If you don't like me than blow me
rightt!?
I got so excited when she told me haha :
Make the customer the hero of your story.
Ann Handley, Chief Content Officer, Marketingprofessor
Right back at ya!
is watching The Tillman Story.
Outstanding.
be safe and have fun at prom!
Text me pics
I'm so damn hungry.
If you think you're sick of Syd the Kid, get used to seeing him more after the OT goal.
Gratz to Canada for winning gold!
Babcock and Y!
Secret to success: care about people.
Michelle Pallaa
I never have on matching socks.
!
thanks dude!
Thank you so much.
I am so sorry I just got this.
I've been busy.
Your mother should be so proud of you, dear.
Some people retweet the wrong things.
EFFING WOW!
If you dont ask, the answer is always no
what's your user name
Bravo to Chelsea, they deserved it.
Spot on.
Finally my phone works again!
:D
Excellent  inspirational bfast session this AM with  Gayle Danley!
haha glad you did too!
the ATL in our name stands for Atlanta.
haha
We think so too!
: Thanks for all the feedback!
Happy Friday!
a tocqueville themed road trip, retracing his travels thru america, is that a thing people do?
Yeah, they claimed that as the original idea behind the iPad.
Nice that the implementation is catching up with the marketing.
That's good :
i wanna karaoke tonight and only sing ace of base, cranberries and four non blondes i think i'll need a private room.
I can help!
It's my expertise.
RT : I just want affection and appreciation .
I am the worst Tweeter, apologies for the long absence of material.
Ben had to convince the owner of the site that he wanted to work for him for free...
If you see a complete thing it seems that it is always lovely.
She's what you want, I'm what you need.
I'm the doctorg in your veins, just fight through the pain.
Congratulations Rillo!
RT : The Angels have added former big leaguers Gary Varsho and Jeff Cirillo to their scouting staff.
I wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living.
I was looking to make a statement.
Donald Trump
I wanna make a new tumblr but I never post or reblog anything good anyways.
My old one is full of stupid ishh.
Lol, we didn't want to ruin the excitement of seeing you on Friday.
divanight :
lovely follows all!
: This storm that's about to start ...
Eh
that's good to hear sweetie.
Consolation Braket and myself are not in the playoffs?
Just got back from scouting locations for photo shoots!
Long IA conversation with librarian colleague reminds me that I have a limping, halfdesigned doctorpal website just waiting for my attention..
i disliked jacob laube in 8th grade.
then he moved.
then facebook recommends us as friends.
now twitter is tellin me the same thing...
NO
We are glad to have here for PTR11 !
Thank you for your support!
Love  support you!
Thank you for your tweet!
We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us!
Come back soon!
I happened to be reading about it When I saw your tweet.
Just thought i would share there is going to be Avatar theme park
Sorta solved my where to work dilemma.
Front porch!
Not super social, but people walk by.
Come sit a spell, PDX, if you can find me.
zomg, i love you.
pats bun
FLT salutes one if our generals,wishing a happy bday  saying thanx for all he's taught us,we salute you Pops
...BUT HOW DOES ONE FUNCTION?
Just voted for for Best TV Comedy/Musical Actress!
I know this is weird, but because my boyfriend always puts on the David Bowie, I have NO IDEA what the titles are of songs I like.
hey did you say something about a CD at ?
Everytime I go on there I look...
.
Funny.
I hear ya, but his own words and Pierce is out there w/a MCL sprain and can't jump.
PLAYOFFS!
i love the new cd!
Fuck you pay me what I told the bitch
i hate it wen your frds make you sad
Please be very careful until then and doctorve very little.
Hopefully he will look past all this and yeah :
Just sitting here..
Yawn.
If winning is the key component to judging sponsorship success, to quote mister Mom: You're doing it wrong.
will you be at Food Truck Friday today?
Tan Towels are the bomb and much cheaper in the long run than spray tanning.
Im obsessed.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!!
Maybe I could get a follow!!!
PLEASE!!!!
pretty well!
Thanks for following me to!
where is the Kool Aid 
Ph.D.
bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town.
Can you find an advocate in your area?
look at a calendar or consider my professorssion....
About to watch a TV segment about the health benefits of gambling.
It'll be nice to know why I'll live forever!
LOL
That had to be an effed up hit and run.
If you can't help your neighbors, at least don't hurt themdownload InSpotter app
As my students cram for tomorrow's final I am seeing a wonderful Magic Flute.
Wish it was the 60s so I cld see this on acid
hahaha I will
Goodbye gray skies, hello blue.
Thank you.
Somebody's got to do it!
its not lettingg me download it :
lol when she try  do that ?
smhhhhh
you're so beautiful
Thoughts become words, words become actions, actions show character, and character is everything.
There was a time i thought that i did everything right.
Today is FIU Day in Tallahassee.
Pete Garcia, Coach Cristobal and TY Hilton are there representing FIU Football.
Boxwire BizTip: Be sure to always practice patience.
Good customer service begins with you and ends with you.
yes dude.
I stay in North Dallas and I would doctorve to Arlington just for those wings.
Surprisingly it only 5 min to order food
Make your Short Circuit fantasies come true with programmable LEGO Robots  First day of the 10 Best Days of The Bakken Friday July 16!
i think so.
it's trending saying that it is
sunday!!!
Club 212 !!!
Bunny Bash Part 2!!!!
That depressing moment when you have to go back to reality after watching a really good movie.
u too!
can I get a shoutout for my son, Preston.
He turns 7 today.
Thanks!
Me too lol
Word, Juicy J.
RT : When sumbody treats you wrong or hurt you , you should move on  Neva turn back ...
Fuk em
where can I see your portfolio?
we're been interviewing UX designers for SnazzyRoom
That would be awesome!
Took my SAT today...
Stupid tired now!
Just caught a typo in my script...
Blazers was spelled Balzers.
That would have been embarrassing.
Can't stop listening to Fun.
Some Nights.
Track gets me going.
Happy Friday!
: 3
I have unsubscribed THREE times to your LB Outlet emails.
PLEASE stop emailing me!!!
Tip 162: How many heads up matches can you win in a row?
If you win 20 in a row it is time to celebrate.
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything.
Alexander Hamilton
About to start preparing for our first fashion show on May 19th.
.
.
With Verlander out of this game.
Let's get back in this game HatsForBats TameTheTigers Let's go Yankees
Hello!
Welcome to all my new followers!
seems to have some problems with videos.
Both Hulu and Game Trailers are both unwatchable.
Don't have these problems in Chrome.
to be fair, I had no idea when I tweeted.
Why I Gotta Err Thang.
Yiu Want Cake
Kate Upton shows off 39;Cat Daddy39; dance in bikini
Strawberry Swing  Frank Ocean.
If you haven't heard it yet, go peep.
EVERY NIGGA WANT ME ON HIS MONEY TEAM!!
Thank you Bob, you make me walk out off my cave ha ha ....
I know I'm gonna be mad af when I see my bank statement for this month
No ones down to do shit !!!
Yes they should.
It's a journalism thing.
What's good sir?

needs to wake the funk up!
Wake and bake that is...
I got addicted to chips after the last blogathonatx and get them all the time.
James Cameron.
So other filmmakers can make some money.
Nice poker session at Wynn last night.
Time to get rest and then make some plans for the big weekend 
You and me both, baby.
NCA reviews ALMOST complete ...
but time for a mental break: Off to my last longish run before the Indy mini marathon in 2 weeks!
nah i dont,u just suck at life so stfu  get off my dick cuz ya bitch is alredy on it
Got on an earlier flight!!
Thank God..
Wait.
It's Friday?
How did that happen?
That is our bias media at work and a POTUS that goes along with it.
great to see you!
That moment then your feet get all tingly and it feels like sand in your shoes
RT : Don't doctorve angry!
DON'T doctorVE ANGRY!
Great show with great friends.
Please check out notourproblems!
Oh!
I know what I should do!
I'll watch Degrassi!
xD
I don't know why I feel so nervous right now.
Donor Action thanks for the follow.
happened to me a few times other times hit record when already recording causing it to stop recording.
one day I'm going to steal someone's status, word for word, and see if they pterodactyl.
: Who is buying a Kony bracelet?
My daughter is begging me for one
we'd Sept 14, going down!!!!
Be there!!!
The takeover, I'm Carolina for life!!!
ea..
def.
not super personal stuff..
because people read it.
that would be a slaughter.
That's why we entitled our documentary It's More Expensive To Do Nothing.
Saw tonight in New Jersey and got the new album.
Just listened to the whole thing.
I HIGHLY recommend it!
Was starting to get worried that all of 's tweets would be in Italian, grateful that some are in a language I can understand
GayIsOk It is not okay that LGBTs still, still have to fight for that right.
Sent!
Thanks very much!
:
Wine with junk food  yea or nay?
If yea, what pairings?
you're perfectc:
3 boys 1 girl, you can look it up on youtube
Key Q every org, dept  person needs 2 ask.
RT : If we werent already doing it this way, is this the way we would start?
Thanks for the follow
great!
It was much needed last night too!
Thanks again.
Waiting on the doctorer.
Youu?
Yes, Sundays have been very busy!
RT that many people out on a Sunday?
That's disgusting though, I ain't touching dead fish, wtf
thanks for the follow!
:
Don't start unless you are willing to finish  talking startup financing strategies at MIT
Ur not gonna b pills no mo
I agree with : Congrats to my boys on their new album, Changed.
You guys crushed it again!

need our own reality show like T.I  Tiny.
LoveHipHop
check your FB email..
Your gonna die laughing
Perhaps Mahlerpurists will banish me, but I really really like Mahler 8.
lol you're so full of crap.
review week I JUST WANT TO GO HOME
BREAKING: WI Dept of Justice now filing request for permission to appeal the judge's decision that blocked publication of controversial law.
wait, does this have anything to do with when said he's proud of you?
lol
best line ever
Had a blast shooting The Actor's Network holiday party last night!!
nigga let me see her lol
My eye contact is overly generous.
This Tebow stuff is starting to scare me.
I scream, we scream, nigga we want ice cream!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for the RT
With today's reports, House District 7 and 9 in the Florida House have removed from slight Dem and put in the 'toss up' category!
I need to stop typing Hubot commands in Google.
They've never worked.
I don't know what to expect of crowds this weekend.
I want to see it again for sure.
I've got a personal twitter account where I use a photo.
But here I thought WW with her fists were best for fighting FOX!
C U later.
10 Things You Should Know About AAP Rocky Number 1: It's a person.
: I wonder which jail they gonna put him in ???
I know them inmates gonna be at his head
Changed my mind I'll put up a picture of me haha :P
we can't wait man!
Twitfam!!!
Help us gain new followers!!
Please help makechange and have your friends follow us today!!
RT
Tomorrow around this time I will be sitting by the pool basking in the warm sun rays of palm springs.
oh man!
I wish we were still open!
I wonder if is too busy to deliver??
And they just KEEP on coming in!!!
Testimonials!!
Testimonials!!
Testimonials!!
Lowered Blood Sugar Levels!!
Regulated Blood Pressure...
who at ur table
yupp it is!
I got it on my iPod so we can listen to it in Spanish 2morrow :
thanks.
Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
Great Short Sale seminar  the Ritz Carlton!
Jamming to a little Eddy J in preparation for the
you made those firemen's day with your awesomeness.
:
we have for some of our regular blog contributors!
BackInElementarySchool i had around 6 friends...
Will be voting my butt off for !!
We're wrapping up our time at AAM2012 at the Museum Expo, helping to celebrate next year in Baltimore.
Another great conference to come!
My parents decided to buy a boat.
My parents are almost 50 and have always wanted one.
OMG333333333333333333333333333333 i WILL date a cowboy :
ima just talk to to 10 or less
SecretaryGeneral: world has met the MDG target of halving the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe doctornking water
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
At the summit of Mingi Taw we uploaded The Megatome to the eternal safety of the whirling infinite.
both Ryan budget and WydenRyan replace Medicare with a shrinking coupon.
Both ruinous for seniors on
nice wear it in great health
Girl: I'm still a virgin we were just talkin.
Boy: yeah yo pussy was talking to his Dick bitch.
So...what's your weekend trail plans?
Thanks to Cheryl Ball for her workshops and conversations this last week.
She continues to be a great friend of the Studio.
El Paso has a lot of great musicians!
Don't let them hide!
Support your local artists!
Well breaking dawn sucked.
No idea why I think the movies will get better
worked out doing Pilatesfor 30 minutes
It's Cherried
That only works on December 22, 2012.
GeorgeZimmerman charged with Murder in the 2nd Degree!
SP AngelaCorey confirmed that Zimmerman is in custody.
4:30am.
Bus of band kids barrels north in Canada.
Exit's only missed by inches, but bus still flips.
Four instruments lose their players.
At this Teach for America event, advocates the bashing heads model of pedagogy.
Wendy Kopp demurs.
On set...made up...waiting...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Bearcat Mama's out there!
I agree.
That kid is a fool.
I think it all starts with Schwartz and trickles down.
He's a baby so his players are babies.
can't wait to take you out at Hospice Care charity tourney in Madison!
GJPD: Semi loses its load at 5th St.
near Riverside Pkwy while going through the cloverleaf.
All NB lanes closed, only one SB lane open.
Getting cited for speeding,no doctorvers license,and no proof of insurance
Home in New York city, people!
not good.
can you shoot an email to mohr at msoe dot edu?
sorry abou that.
Lmao me  got a request to play something with French in it???
YouCantSayYouGrownIf if you still get permission from your parents for ERRTHINGGG!!
Carrot Tops cousin
Welcome to Twitter!
Put God First....always he's always going to be there for you no matter how many times you mess up
Chicago is crazy.
THE finest girls.
THE HOTTEST SPOTS.
So they gonna keep letting Bautista take swings like that or they gonna back him off the plate a little...
Sometimes it's bad to think too much.
damn cutie, you know im L.A to the death!
How you been?
RT The Florida Keys  America's kidney stones
U live life stress what u never heard of weed?
monteball doing work on that ducksdefense 
If you think about it if Larry Sanders hadn't knocked Udoctorh's shot out of the basket...would we be 1417?
Are you ready for smallbusinessSaturday today?
If by shirt you mean body, then yes.
I hear ya.
What are some good horn newmusiccliches?
LOL!
I got a similar request about making a print video and making it go viral.
All this talk of yielding and palfreys makes me wonder when someone's going to get beheaded.
Yo daughter b dancing crazy!
Who she learning these moves from?????
What's Gucci my nigga
Morning calls from your boyfriend 
Thanks for the follow..
Mick Jagger and Foo Fighters on the season finale of SNL May 19th.
I likey.
that's funny, I didn't think treadmills and boxers mingled
Get out of my closet!
Haven't used it much yet, but looks promising.
going to eat some american food with ali!
boy, i'm getting culture from all over the world today!
it's sprinkles!
Who says jimmies?
Free throws are a fundamental part of the game.
With that being said...FUCK!!!
I wonder which is better, Kindle Fire or iPad 2?
Price wise the kindle is only 200, iPad is about 500.
So kindle wins price wise.
My doctoram would be to meet and the whole crew
So did I!
Although I must admit, it's my first.
RT : Just ordered another sheet of stamps, woof!
I've met loren in real life
not feelin school so much right nowcome come summer so I can make my money
Me, me, me!
I also put it on Granny Smith apples.
I don't mind hahaha I was just saying.
Happy Halloween enjoy your tricks and treats
Currently listening to: Knife Sotelo  NORML ft.
Chris Grace
give me a shout out please!
i follow back!
Wish one of those was coming my way!
Wasn't quick enough!
This account is so in active
I have bigger boobs than an 18 year old WHO CARES!
Go sit in the irrelevance corner...
I'm counting my gummy bears and organizing them by color.
Oh come on don't tell me you never did this..nom nom nom one less green bear.
I was crying for you to stop singing,you suck!
ineverlearn convo's with the old man never end well.
I try, but that Ego is a life saver machine in reverse; sucks the life out of you.
Hahaha you do have swag!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
our boy of course.
He was the only one that got good reviews on all three songs.
He only murdered 2 of em though
Big sweep by to start the season!
Won today 10 and 132 in a double header.
oh hello there sexy , i can't wait to see the boyfriendvideo ; counting down the next 3days, i love you!
air time that could be used to explain Obamacare to viewers.
Whoa.
Tamara Banks is back at Channel 2?
Okay, she's reporting on 31 right now, but I still haven't seen her in years.
Impossible is nothing...no actually it's Past Possible.
If you doctoramed it and u work for it, it is supposed to happen.
nowcraving one of their Mexican Mochas
Testing Twitter to Facebook again....
Take a look at our new shows at www.collaterallive.com!
Have a great tour!
need to get me a copy!
ha.
Like a moth to flame ;
The days of being loyal to a company and staying 40 and 50 years, being offered stock options and a CEO position is long gone
o I forgot abt that too
I love skyping with crazy people.
Racism changes our set of circumstances.
Immigrants don't have the same lived  historical realities.
doctorwing is putting a lineround an idea.
Henri Matisse
Damn it feels good outside.
:
I'm trying to figure out how to get out of this disc golf funk!
same, how are you?
great word!
Thanks for your heart and passion for God
About 3 hours doctorve
didn't you just eat the same thing yesterday or Tues?
Ah the life of a hot playmate.
Working with myfavoritepeople.com right now to get the word out to more people that we need gender equality in all its forms NOW!
I don't see the resemblance lol
thanks, Anna!
I hadn't seen that yet.
Good luck this weekend.
!!
I would give up one of my kidneys to meet myheroes
Happy Mother's Day!
he'll be able to use that if he goes again !
Lol!
Looking forward to getting to hang out with Gray and Bella tonight.
What to do?
Pizza, ice cream, movie?
Maybe all of above.
thanks for the follow!
Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ...
I'll be here in spirit!!!
Hope it's a total success!
Live music tonight at 7 !
So, it sucks that my brother is sick, but I'm not complaining that I only have Maddy for a little bit.
Time to catch up on some sleep.
Twitter beefs lol
Greetings in the spirit of Emerson to Whitman at the beginning of a great career.
Didn't mind seeing favorite win; solid effort
Getting ready for another awesome day at the Market!!
Girl, we should talk!
im taking Rashad by knockout
French and algebra 2 classes feel like they never end D:
All eyez on me like I'm ready to die...
I am in need of a serious nap

What's a disappointment?
Q6 Could a Goodoctorads  Co account be used for this?
The assignment being to read and review so many books in certain genres?
Sonys are good computers I fixed a few before.
I like my Dells now Mac they have there days can't run 7 programs at once .
Epithets ARE vile, but blind censorship not wise.
Plus we've bigger racial injustices  more insidious coded racism deserving attn
hahahaha maybe one day :D brb shower time :
Boosting Right up Internet Potential customers Using Internet marketing Optimization Process
Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Good idea gefilta fish sandwich between two doughnuts
Im gonna keep the big booty bitch one because its kinda funny
I need a secretarybot to handle scheduling meetings with groups of people.
Seems to take forever to do via email.
I don't know, I will look it up and let you know.
Thanks for the question.
I hope it does.:
yes, I passed all my professorciencies!
:D and got first place in our 4x100 relay :
Critique the grammar in the notes you find them passing back and forth.
Finally finished in da booth hittin up the diner for pancakes wit the general
refocusing...the postera course
new to me reference Q: Do you have any DVDs on how to pose during bodybuilding competitions?
New thing, At the end of the PreSeason/ Regular season Ill Say all Records.
And Playoff Winners and Losers.
And Pro bowl  Superbowl!
Wow.
I Go Downstairs And Play My Guitar And Yu Think I Leave The House.
.
1/11/123
let me call him and check LOL
To recap: A pitcher who isn't who he claimed to be causes the Indians to acquire a recently traded mountainclimbing hurler from the Rockies
Your critical insights can provide the stimulus for change, n lord knows we could all use a little of that to keep growing!!!!
Our last 10 TICKETS to our grand opening are available NOW!
Come to 2718 J Street for your last chance to get into our party
do you know who Rebecca Black is?
RomneyYachtNames My Other Boat's the QEII
haha had to get some southern fast food chicken and sweet tea!
i have no way of categorizing my memories
omg yes!
I love that movie, and channing m : that's added to the list!
in the words of Brandy AW HELL!!!!
Throw it down big man throw it down.
it's going really well, 20k unique visitors last month and growing.
Check it out to see where you can watch the Bills!
i love you im trysten will you please follow me
On the road to Rome, Ga!!
Go Jesus!
it pains me to say this, but 's 'a wasteland companion' is his weakest and, sadly, totally underwhelming.
back to postwar...
Kyoto Japanese Garden, Holland Park, London
Thanks for the kind words A.J.!
who would put their kid on Skype for porn???
not cool;I never meet the boys, but they seem like amazin guys.Either way there good people and you shouldn't start.
Pro social and antisocial harmful behavior is happening in these social environments.
They turn to parents, peers for help
omg, what a great show!!!!!!
Everything Takes Time, Time Takes Everything
The captainin can be a director, school owner or senior instructor
Lmao ppl be thinking they so important
Is he the guy with blonde hair?
I like the mom ;
My next move will be my best move, believe it
Where the boats go
nearly done wit ma project but I still have 2 do my maths
I know...
had no idea.
Hope his book will still come out.
So done with eveyone and how there acting.
Don't be suprised if I call you out.
you are delicious mix of joy :D
it makes me laugh every time too!
I look a little psycho!
So sad Hollywood Young is over.But we'll see y'all tomorrow at BTTR same place  same time
jesus christ
Off for dinner...
Xx
I'm missing my MJ at this moment :
thanks for your help!
find us on facebook and help spread the word  we could use a good street team 3
Justice is being distorted for political ambition, says Paul Pfingst re: Sweetwater.
mister Pfingst, same could be said about Arlie Ricasa.
you're welcome!
RT greenmedia blog looking god ...
and tasty
patience...
Working on that...
So much louder than words !
The Shelley House is believed to be the first reinforced concrete residence in Baltimore.
Nothing like a long doctorve rockin out to some countrymusic by yourself!
Deadstock, never even put em on my feet.
Hear hear!
RT it's a compliment.
You cant be successful at this gig without unabashed nerdiness.
I cant believe im running late....ugh.
Absolutely crossed eyed after being on the computer almost the entire day!!
how do u get popular on utube?
on will be providing an Irish menu complete w/ wonderful recipes for all our parade fans!
Check it out this Wednesday
If you just knew the things I've sweat for and the things I deal with daily and still stand tall with my back straight
All the PCC Operations Committee documents are now saved in doctorpbox and synced.
I'm trying to save trees.
And my back.
It's ridiculous!
: RaceView image is fully zoomed.
And BP is increasing.
lol
I don't think I have ever signed up!
president Obama you are full of shit there are still no jobs and people are not seeing more money in their pay checks bullshit
Happy Tuesday
: All day, everyday.
RT : spreadlove is what its all about!
I feel that!
I need to take sum pics of me.
Faith is not a delicate flower which would wither away under the slightest stormy weather.
Mahatma Gandhi
We picked the Color Purple Winner!!
Congratulations Agnes!!
She won 2 tickets to the opening night  a 50 gift card to Mundo.
yea I don't think so either...
moving to NYC?
yay!
you are already my BFF in my mind.
: can't wait to see you perform on Friday!
Great, Grooveshark has ramped up their site video marketing.
I guess annoying ads are the price I pay for free streaming music.
Lobster with white wine.
With either Alan or Liam as the dinner date.
Through nineteenth century lenses, Plato appeared a rationalist.
His mystical philosophies were considered weaknesses!
Hop over to  dive into familyfriendly Easter fun w/ underwater Easter egg hunts  RedMarlin's brunch!
Call: 6192241234
fat chance, that's her only goal in life
Never look down on someone unless you are helping them up
Wow, unbelievable RT You guessed it.
Sky Blue Sky is 5 years old today.
Seems like just yesterday and, somehow, forever ago
cool post, thanks for sharing.
New connects for production
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can play together all night
: Eww olives are gross af!
ranch!
Say Hello to everyone down at Pike Place..
check out the goods on Windows new OS Windows 7 by Craig Lebowitz, Senior Developer at NGP Software and bicycle mechanic extraorinaire ...
All right the best show ever congrats guys
Dental Exam, XRays,  Home Whitening for 99 from Vista Ridge Dental.
Use code: FreeBeeSocial  save
if everyone likes what you're doing, you're doing it wrong.
It's funny that the only numbers phone saved were
Do we need doctorma to make a relationship work?
Hope you have a great weekend!
that is not the sign of a successful party.

at the chili cook off looking right ;
Any followers let us know if you'd like to collaborate on anything.
Hey there adoctorenne nice to make your acquaintance
Making the most out of this great sunny weather!
Cleaning cars at the AstroJet Car Wash on 17th and Tacoma in Sellwood!
Omg borrow shoes of someone or something.
Don't miss the effing party
Dogs in ads work!
Sketchers SuperBowl spot caught my attention.
Working on syllabus for 1st class I'll be teaching at UCSDExtensionMaking Personality TickDeveloping Character 4 creative nonfiction!
I've never see rain come down this hard in my life
Take control of your life through the choices u make, never try to control the others IN your life.
It's not your place.
Respect boundaries.
RT : Planning for college should not mean stressing about itreframe the process to make it enjoyable./ retain sense of humor
Keurig  Hot Apple Cider packet  M
the wrong person went home on dwts.
It's a popularity contest.
Gladys has a pretty big fan base.
Should vote on best dancers
you're coming at me hard right now Commish.
We are still out of NHL 12.
Moran boy and I will get on that.
i'm recording around 8:00 tonight then off it goes to you!
: i'll let you know when it's sent :
Do you work in Coral Gables??
Check out our Executive lunch menu and enjoy three delicious courses for only 17!!
Appreciate the RT
Party party!!!
With my girls :
I think the strike zone at Miller Park tonight is 10 feet by 10 feet.
A brake from writing for a wine run.
How was your day?
I'm not okay.
I should not have googled that.
I have no clues what sunday night scene it...
some people don't see love even if their staring right at it
Lol your welcome !!
See you Sunday!
Better be ready to play some baseball.
:
you are disrupting my TV watching schedule with youtube videos!!!
I did what i was told to do and stopped :
he's amazing!
So proud!!!
nice so did u win tonight?
Baking at altitude for the first time.
This may end in disaster.
Pens are the new Caps.
Great in regular season, win by out scoring everybody and then forgot you need D to win in playoffs.
Listening to REM may also help lose your religion :
doctorving around with one of those Bumper Buddies is the automotive equiv to coming out of the bathroom with toilet paper stuck to your shoe
love you Andoctorw would make my day if you followed me 3
daughter so excited for ur showwish I was there but garage sale for Honduras beat u out :
lol this is what happens when the gf makes me watch bad tv
My kid's school just emailed a Lice Log spreadsheet broken out by classroom.
Grand total: 1 case.
Too much info and yet somehow too little.
lol that's where I've been but I'm leaving today
haha I'll see you soon then .
Playing around with the Arabic Twitter!
2nd soccer practice got rained out:
Nora Guthrie giving an educational program on Woody's songwriting to a group of students at USC.
Woody's centennial celebrations continue.
guess where I'm going in 10 days ?!
NANDOS !
25 days until Graduation
There is still time to Walk a Mile in Her Shoes!
4th  K in dwntwn SD!
Just 40!
Funds support Becky's House!
Crumbling like a stale taco shell.
Lmfao!!!!!!
Poor mosquito...
doctornking his blood all lonesome lol
Kentucky Derby pick: I'll Have Another, from the 19 post
Hey and will one of you pick up some caviar for the preparty and afterparty?
I have everything else covered.
60Minutes did an awesome job last night on their report on SteveJobs  It was an eye opening piece
Newscasters should learn history
Theres a lot of things going on at once
Some things I write I'll share with anybody, but there are things I've written that people may never see.
No question that the Predators are a strong defensive team, but people are doctoraming if they think Gaustad is the missing piece
how are the chicagowolves liking post game?
People come into your life for a reason no matter how you look at it.
A huge thank you to Erin Manian for donating 100 to the Junior Board team!
!!THE GROWN PPL TODAY SAY US KIDS DK BOUT LOVE THATS BEKUZ WE HAVE TEENAGE LOVE...YOUNG LOVE :
good!
watching american pie wbu?
: x
Shoot me an email so I can learn more about the project you're doing.
Overdue WW thanks to
yeah that's actually true...
When you're gone, the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it ok, I miss you.
Lets Go Yankees!!
RT if your with me...
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
Lao Tzu
on night stand is fun too lol joking!!
I'm going to have to wear the shoes to an upcoming happy hour :
haha it was a miserable day no worries we're mostly happy : 
Followed!
c;
That awkward moment when you called your teacher by tha wrong name ..
Mi.Keys this Friday night !
Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
back from italy having finally understood something
Hi Bella.
Have an absolutely fantastic day ..
and night.
I dont know i like all of them lol.
you should make a nutella flavor
.
Combine passion with collections for a true participatory culture.
Cable loss has more to do with than just gauge.
Our cables are designed to fix what's wrong with cable.
The result?
More Music.
More Detail.
I spent most of my morning watching a bunch of their videos when I noticed a lot of them were On Demand.
I miss MCA already.
Now Nelson Cruz can place his boomstick up the home plate umpire's ass.
If you haven't been to Soho Tea  Coffee yet then you have to check it out.
It's a hidden treasure.
I'm not giving a fuck.
But if you want me to give a fuck, then I suggest you say something more Interesting .
HI!
You too!
First person to high five every band member gets a free shirt!!
First time riding the MARC Train!
Already major accomplishments for 2012.
I dedicate this one to you,
I see bro.
Playoff at the Zurich Classic and Overtime in the NHL playoffs.
What movie should Patti and I go see this evening?
it doesnt work...
Rehearsals all morning.
Wango Tango all night....
Britney
The Ace Parking crew at the US Grant Hotel rocks!
misterHooker and his team are first class.
girl...I am not feelin this
I love seeing my country bumpkin rockin the cowboy boots!
where is Ralph going?
.
satisfied cravings are always a good thing!
Now counting down the hours until
you're bipolar.
follow back please?:
Back atcha.
Here's mud in yer eye.
Gettin it on this doe run
By your excitement I am guessing that is good!
lol SO CONGRATS!!!!
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
What remodel plans do you have and how can we take some of that off your plate?
oh..
season finales this week :3
great to know there's still a few potatoheads out there!
the tummy is happy.
But my jeans are saying no more: oh well, most breakfast food are just sugar in disguise:
in all fairness, it went well.
My stomach hadn't been good for a week, but was able to do my share and hold on for a sprint.
I want French toast for breakfast.
That sounds good
I'll hunker with you, Kris.!
RT : Hunkering down for the storm.
Are you all hunkering too?
Come on, hunker with me!
Twitter?
Twitter!
Doesn't count it I do it because I live here.
Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports says...
better content cultivates quality fandom.
I go to spend 1 and I end up spending 3.
Damn it iTunes Genius Recommendations!
Have you ever taken a online course?
Did you like it?
W.aolcitysbest.com for dining finds rocks...especially san Diego
Selfdiscipline creates personal freedom.
Randy Gage
good luck!
Thx for the follow.
Will shout out when were in The 'Ville next.
Derby w/e must have been epic.
So we have a new song for you guys.
whadda ya say?
2k?
can we do it?
:D
up early this morning ready to keep myself busy and do something useful.
YahhYahh
Hey it wouldn't hurt....
but I'm sure you would be fighting for mayorship!
Michael Vick update ...
Panthers, Packers and Ravens mentioned as possible destinations
hey sis i need a wake up call  6...thanks!
We do not have the money to pay teachers...let alone build a high speed rail system.
Can we please get a microphone for CIO comments  the CIO discussion meeting?
Big room.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the RTs!!
Nice.
Had one of those in phonecall form.
Congratulations.
in other words, as Polonius said, Brevity is the soul of wit.
AYY I SAY THAT :
I guess cuz they cheap
y he even using it
just workin on hits too....we need to do some more magic!!!
we got experience winning rings with starters missing.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express Simon Giftcard.
TC's apply
yeah where IS Jimmy??
damn west coast.
The quicker we can get to that the better everyone will be Fourquare's Tristan Walker on
So you're saying you saw the sign.
Did it open up your eyes?
You saw the sign.
Good Friday morning mi beautiful frens give thanks Fari for the coming of the day Jah luv...
Thanks for following
Enough of this religious fervor.
Get along.
Happy New Year!
I clearly need a new group of friends.
My current group is inept.
Bitten by the saving seat bug.
Thought we'd all agreed on the 1for1 ratio.
Glad I don't feel like starting shit.
Thanks for the shout out Danny.
Tough round to score.
Carwin looked good early but JDS started pickin him apart.
Got it 1918 after 2 rounds.
I would include those, yes.
Started watching this movie for my english class and passed out only 30 minutes into it...
woops.
Living to 16 years old in America and graduating High school is to be EXPECTED...they may get something when they graduate college
missing a great game w her face buried in her iPhone lol
A lillte bird told me one of the Food Network crews and a truck will be  the Pawn Stars location tomorrow around 11am!!
you've now been corrupted.
Haha thanks for checking us out.
Follow us.
know12 Traditional approaches now dying: roadmaps that depend on extending monolithic investments
Geese are the fucking devil, evil little bastards chasing innocent little girls like me!
: nearly pissed myself!
:
RT josephdepalma Testing CLEAR in Philly.
Whopping .98mb/sec cap so far.
That's 10x faster than my 96kbps ClearWire service in dfw!!
Working at Ida dance today.
Still submitting to managers most I've gotten is everybody is tightening their roster but I'll find it
so excited.
I definitely feel fortunate to have a community of friends/family that help me see opportunities I wouldn't see for myself.
IntelliJ ftw, but was using eclipse to try out a plugin for a new framework.
never again
it's up to 54 for your picnic tomorrow!!
yaaay!
Just finished an awesome meal at Arugula in n.boulder.
try the paulistano.
Bring the beat in....
Mane i should be asking you that my guy
Its 4:31 in the morning..
What am I doing awake at a time like this??
beautiful moon!
yeah its AM and I have off Wednesday and thursday so ima talk to the schedulers next tuesday about that..
That's way too early
Getting excited about CITI's first Cloudbased datacenter.
We're going with AWS.
Should be launching next week.
RT At times you may think Aquarians arent listening to you, but they dont miss a single detail of what youre saying
no  I'd accept in a second.
Lololol.
I eat her ice cream and she ate my ice cream CONE!
Serving size of blueberries is 1cup?
The package they are sold in is only 6 oz!
What the heck?
u like these niggas and u was at my team yesterday?
lmfao...seems like yo priorities all fucked up
Tweet to
what can I say
comments upon my sunday footwear saying maybe you should sit outside with a cup and see if any1 gives you money sockswithc ...
TeamFreedom is at the TownHall mtgn spend a billion on streets when people still cant eat
Georgia: Another state I've performed in.
I could totes get used to this.
LOL Awesome movie clip
And we gone have a, good good night.
i really need to get out of this house!!
Back when crocs were big.
No the reason why the community hates boosting is because it ruins other peoples gameplay
you just described my doctoram weekend
sign me up too!!
appeared the same night posters and chalk sprays were placed all over boston so it would be unlikely it wasn't some volunteer.
oh thanks a lot!
Lol.
Maybe I should've told I was pregnant, just to freak you out...
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening.
Then a chance of showers after...
Barehanded Bryce Harper makes threefinger catch  Yahoo!
Sports
Close your legs to married men...
Gratuitous NeNe Leakes quote
Why is it very strange that someone would rush in out the rain?
Why's the fireman gotta get wet?
So sweet :
It's so weird how all of us live in the same state ..
!
:D
Dude, thats sick: once in a lifetime??
you'll see him a lot when you are his dancers:
You're not so bad yourself!
Thanks for the shout out!
Sipping your delicious Pinot that I brought up to Canada to enjoy with great company.
Yes my friend was smacking really loud.
So i left the room cause it was pissing me off.
COME ON OLINE!
GOTTA ADMIT..
That doctorwing is pretty sexy...notgunnalie ;
Happy mother's day!
i'm on the phone with and we can't keep up!!!
My head is spinning!!
Thanks....I always feel like I'm missing something because I can't keep up with technology with this dialup and no smartphone!
Always calm
Thanks for the shout out, CircusMashimus sponsors rock!
Bummed I had to miss out on the game because of this final.
I guess there was no need since Utah didn't show up either.
That's a lot of love..
Want to increase twitter activity level?
1st conduct assessment.
Who are followers?
Who engages?
etc.
: trust me, u definitely dont seem the thuggish type lolu sure I feel like in a different life I cld be a thug
most men belong in cages anyway.
They might as well fight while they're there!
;
damn..
I looked all over my car
I'm falling apart.
Our mothers didn't condemn choices of others.
MT : BristolPalin haters, your mother got knocked up.
Such hate of mothers on left
Hey Brothers!
You have great updates on Twitter : Best of luck this semester!
Someone asked me out of the blue today if I am a minister.
This has happened about 6 times over 6 years.
Meaning what?
You   An Awesome Combination // be there tomorrow at 7pm 9116 University City Blvd Charlotte, NC
Practice round at Southern Hills with STU golf team
About to check out 21 jump street : let the laughter begin!
We are the oldest continuous running bar in Chicago.
Since 1885.
Marge's is located at 1758 N.
Sedgwick 6649775 Come and visit us!!
if you knew how much I wanted you to cone to England, you might pass out
Of course, the first time in forever that Olathe has seen a tornado, I'm out in Manhattan.
Not to trivialize their severity, but COME ON.
You're already on my list  am I on yours?
Thank you for following
Don't play lotto but just may buy a few tickets to nite n try to win sum of dat devil  lol
hahaha oh yes!
So what's new by you?
Any exciting stories?
Good morning everyone and thank you to and for joining us!
We're happy if you're happy.
:
Imma have a project x type party this summer
The Reese Boyd Project is  20 on ReverbNation's Rock chart for Atlanta!
Well, I am a whole new me now.
Well, on Twitter anyway.
How is everyone?
RT : The treasury is selling its AIG shares and Facebook is going public.
This is what we call the top.
Sell, bitches!
if u have a craving order green tea and a coffee, take a sip of coffee just for the taste and doctornk the tea.
Worked for me.
lmfaoo.
ugh she kills me.
of course I love her too though lol.
not being able to decide what picture of Eminem is going to be your next icon.
Not really sure why a ncaa game is starting tonight at 9:40pm..a little late ya think?
was in your neck of the woods on tuesday.
but alas it was after 4pm.
alas.
alas  next time in ashland...
Not in this instance.
Wasn't that kind of a throw.
And nothing compared to a 90 mph pitch.
Romney comes closer to Obama thinking than others.
Obama understands that you can't run a country like a business.
WHO DNT LOVE MONEY
3Day passes to  worth at least 175,000 or something...
we got 'em this hr CommercialFree Listen.
Excellent.
We'll have to grab a coffee or beer.
Never allow loneliness to doctorve you back into the arms of someone you know you dont belong with.
Welcome!
How are you, dude?!
One Direction 
Cory and Topanga's relationship.
So many articles about research going on around the world today!
Happy Friday every one!
Maybe that is our secret really.
Plausible.
Bogans is on fire....
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm 140 buy in Bounty Tournament.
Come play!
oh hope it's ok.
Cleaning out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I missed my college meeting...
oopz.
she never told me what she saw...
she has been pretty accurate so far.
7 more years!
We'll see.
yes, im of the belief that medicine is often a less optimal way to nullify symptoms than attacking the root cause would be
When the things i order in the mail never come
ICONic GIrlZ are gonna be on ABDC 7 im so happy go girlz i hope they make it far like the Iconic boyZ
Waaah I feel like shit  think I ate too much
Baseball blogger problems: whether the word horse shit is one word or two.
// adjective or noun??
There was a MNSpeak reunion?
And I wasn't invited :
cinnamon life?
yes does ur chair have arms :
lmaooo, thanks Julian for being concerned about my weight if i doctornk to many monsters, lmfaoo3
Had a ball at Diane Von Furstenberg's show
: Thanks for participating in this Awesome conference Prosperity Works is happy your speaking in Santa Fe!
PW2012
Absolutely willing to support a solid plan.
Hopefully we are doing our small part as well.
Time will tell, right?
Really wish I could see in concert...
he is very inspiring and he makes me want to follow my doctorams : I love you JB!!
yo i cant go my mom wont let me cause im suspended and not allowed on school grounds
Demi  her on screen bf in her video give ur heart a break I think they shuld go out they'll look so cute 2gether
Looking at our horses while the KentuckyDerby is on.
Ours might sort of run if food is involved.
But that's a big IF.
lol the only hoe i see is you buddy ;
Yes ma'am!
Putting some finishing touches on a new single next week...
I'll keep ya in the know!
Ooh, and Armenian too, bonus!
Sweet!
Looking forward to it.
Linda's going to join later.
Wants to meet you.
Thanks for the follow!
That's one of the best twitter bios ever!
what a dick !
lol
like it when I have more then one active download...
I enjoy watching them race to see who will win.
Now you can get your hard copy of IRV DA PHENOM' s new album WHO THE F IS IRV DA PHENOM?
today!
only 10.99
will you let him know I'm gonna text him?
Hey !
Get pumped for Gossip Girl finale tonight!
hahaha, you owe me after the 8 hours of golf this weekend!
I like how that KONY stuff fell off the face of the earth
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT!!!
GET HERE NOW!!
BULLETIN FOR FREE PASS!!!!!
Metro center, for everyone who missed us Friday.
Opening around 11 with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, and Barbacoa
In bed well bed one!
This is kinda amazing!
Need to come to Atlanta so we can hangout!
15mins until I am off work then I have to study for a final exam.
Boo!
retiring my first pair of yoga pants from running wear because they are TOO BIG!
yeeeeeee doing a happy dance
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.Henry Rollins.
RT the gentlemens wager sounds good to me...
I got the Spurs you got OKC...
age vs youth I'm down
thatbeingsaid Happy Friday!
thanks!
I'm so glad I'm uncut!
Ha :D
dang I bet that sucked.
How's your day going today?
I don't care who, when someone is unjustly rude to a waitress I instantly and forever hate you
We are on break for 5 minutes and will be reviewing application 130187  Aaron Steele next.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand.
Unknown
nice...I wish I could say the same.
Mine is just getting started, but I'm good.
We are bout to fuck shit up tonight homie!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry for the reposts!
I was using the wrong hashtag.
haha my seat in hell was set before I was born .....its sad how many people don't know they will be right next 2 me ;
AND they'll pay us!!
Protecting the environment!: Deforestation can keep wild animals ...
Wow.
chew.
In choir...?
Your cool like kool aid
Thanks, Katie, I'm so psyched for new writing projects with someone who's excited to work with me!
Our discussion is tonight6pm, 103 Orchard St.
Join Appetite City host Bill Grimes  historical gastronomist
see whenever i meet a celebrity, i don't cry like most girls do.
i almost throw up and feel high.
:D
Airconditioning season is upon us, Call 6177923350 for your A/C Need39;s:
I've been at this size for two years.
woke up and my left is blown out the back.
Fucking crazy!
Haha well I don't do friends with benefits and not having any luck with relationships so I'll just have to live with it.
;
: X  All day!
Being the best person you can possibly be  bringing up everyone around you.
It's the only way
It def can!
RT : Education.
Education changes everything.
RT what advice would you give on obtaining a better life.
My momma tells me my fat stomach is the parking garage for what is below it
where/how long?
loving this power 96 mix.best ones on friday
why do arts marketers always speak negatively about devo and vice versa?
Stop the hate people.
I was thinking your hot Italian prom date but my brother works too, lol.
yea but never doctornking and flying my man!!
Way to dangerous!
im so nervous for tomorrow.
im not gonna eat.
Merry christmas
you wanna see ignorance?
Randomly ask ten of them when the next city election will be.
Just now waking up, about to go eat and prolly go back to sleep!!
This song comes on everytime were in the car !
It just isn't working out.
i don't think of it as problems...
lol...
The more the merrier
i hope i fall asleep and never wake up.
goodnight
How much bullshit can one person take?
You got it bad!
I Miss Him Already :
Will you be at work late?
Interview at Arthouse earlier, tonight, tomorrow
Watching in the diversity panel at
PLANKING!!
WHAT THE HELL IS THE BIG DEAL WITH PLANKING!!
TO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS IF YOU ASK ME LOL!!
Are you an experienced digital product marketing manager?
Tweet me with your twesumelet's chat!
Particular book you are looking for?
Check store stock at Commongoodbooks.com  reserve or order online.
Not available when login; denied of access by Four Square???
Is it Open access that we are promoting???
how the hell did you get lindy ruff?!
no need to explain MIke those who loved you before are still loving you now, and thats all that matters.
its so big!
Sad thing is on tour you barely see anything.
Always gotta hit the next city.
my digital identities in a nutshell: one tweet tells me i made 's Top Momblogs, another sends me a Zizek article.
N Judah moving a swift 0 miles per hour.
as usual I'll keep ya'll posted.
If I do I'm doctorpping a freestyle on each topic.
Lol
not yet using www.SpellingCity.com but liking it a lot and will share it with others.
Thanks!
yea didn't think.
You were shy could tell from your picture lol
Agreed!
Its like my new favorite candy.
SO good.
Ugh so sick.
To whoever likes to spread ugly rumors about me to potential roommates, thanks a lot.
Whoever I owe money to, raise your hand.
'no vuvuzelas before i have my coffee.'
Q4 Why is the outsider perspective  mentioned in the book  so integral to creativity?
What have you learned on the fringe?
Line up is not complete but heres some that are gonna be there ; A Loss For Words : Bayside : BlessTheFall : Chelsea Grin
Many congrats to for winning the competitive undergraduate research grant at UT Dallas.
Way to go!
My mom tried to warn me about real life shit but instead I acted like she didn't live on this earth over 40yrs and knew nothing.
WRONG!!!
Sometimes u gotta cut da bullshit and get str8 to
yes you can :
RT : CharityTuesday  Retweet a nonprofessort, any nonprofessort!
Here are hundoctords to choose from by category: /lists
OKAY IM JUST GONNA PUT IT OUT THERE I THINK YOU NEEDA PUT SAYSOMETHING ON ITUNES LIKE RIGHT NOW NOJOKE bestsongever ;
good morning tweeps!!
What tea should I start my day with?!
exactly!
someday, maybe I'll go through them and write a little summary so I don't even have to click through to remember.
I'm pissed
And it doesn't really matter if you break my heart, just as long as we're together and don't fall apart
You look at with digust like we didn't come from the same motherland
ughh !
Im starving too but ...
food is taking forever to cook ;P
It's our FINAL Wednesday at the New Day Center tomorrow, come dance w/us!!!
5:30 beginning, 6:35 palmas, 7:10 advanced
SIFstudio Sculpt your body, challenge your mind and change your life!
www.superimpactfitness.com
.
I'm going to our a glass of wine.
We could be here a while.
;
COMMONS: On that note, Zotero will be browserindependent in the future.
Look what he's doing with a team that arguably has less talent than the current Colts.
an iPhone App is in the works.
:
Appreciate you bro...and yeah you definitely are a minister...going over your time...lol
RT : Happy Mother's Day x2 !!!
thank you hugs
: I'm glad you are having a great time!!
hi me and my family are leaving chicago now to come see you guys.
I cant wait to see you
follow mee please austin :
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away  Antoine de SaintExupery
RT : Help IC win 1mil for efforts in Uganda  send an extra 100,000 to Haiti.
All you do is vote Http://bit.ly/7OQalM PlzRT
I got a great friend in a very high place..
Never been so happy for 50 weather!
Seems too good to be true...we better not see another snow storm!
JB I followed
and naturally have the street sections be paved new where the houses were.
Makes sense.
You're welcome ;
I am so happy right now!
I knew from the beginning was gonna be final 2.
I just wish was with him.
We need individuals to promote our website.The pay is 500 weekly.THIS IS NOT A SCAM.Send me ur email addoctorss for details
We walkin handnhand, barefooted n the sand, keepin it a hunned, never lettin bs hit the fan.
The Real in You KB ft.
how was the boat party?
Great last live Wednesday show of the semester with hosts , , and correspondent Mary Rachel!
I should probably start using voxer more a lot of people have joined since I downloaded it
What do I do I'm so sad
Depending on combine workouts in Chicago, could be a top 5 doctorft choice the way he's turning national heads.
Hittin up dominos w/ my bro
Wow.
That's some incredible bartender powers she has!
Ture hockey fan, you know it!
Aways have been!
Miss ya too!
Hit me up the next time you guys make it up this way.
i was talking to my mom about juz10 before and she goes audoctor, don't lie.
you know you have a sexual attraction to him omfg
Awesome.
Thanks so much for the update Adam.
Let us know if anything changes.
Safe Travels.
Do straight men go to the opera?
I think my email is getting hacked.
Murr...
Splurge Gang is copyrighted  trademarked, We need you to stop publishing music using our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Dear Ladies: FACT You can lose up to 12 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
lol so mean
Quote from a friend today: I tell you when you're being a jerk, I should also tell you when you're being awesome.
I loved the episode!
But that CANNOT have been Rachels only shot.
No way.
would that be a skinny fat lip?
H rules!
Got my KBS at Alchemy.
Very good.
Smooth, but hotter than I expected.
...
And I'm told the keg just kicked.
my last first day was last wednesday.
Follow back?
:
miss u guys too!!!
Just got done shooting BTS footage of stunt training, getting ready for some upcoming videos!
Great Job tonight JENNY ZHANG!!
I might have to pick that up, can't wait to see those gorgeous pictures!
Pretty impressed by some of the temps in NJ.
Lafayette up to a scorching 94 degrees.
That's more than 30 degrees above normal.
Smokuh duh weed and get to duh highh.
Take London by storm tonight.
It's not just for you.
It's for me, too.
x
Nothing like he did and if you disagree you weren't paying attention.
yes madam for now...
But I'm going to Florida by the end of summer...
What's new on your end
I know lots of girls like that!
That's all high school pussy shit, all talk no action.
Gayy haha
oh that's not much of a concussion.
Lucky
so...
what?
trade down if you have 1 pick because A Davis probably won't be all star and have finals win in the same yr?
oh dear hahah
I no money will never lie to me
Notice me some day ?
:
YES!
Look forward to seeing you in EPICENTER OF AWESOME!
Attending a great Jeffrey Gitomer conference.
At least at your house you could keep me warm
Green beer and good luck
gotta love vacation  a great time to enjoy life outside of work  change things up...
next time!
I am glad to hear about the Central conf, but am interested in hearing why you do not find hope in our large churches
NO MORE RAIN!!
Spring weather for the rest of the week!!
YAY!!
:
is the best.
end of story :
Come one, Jennifer, let's dance to this slow one.
dinnerparty whispers you are showing too much leg, honey.
you're welcome : it takes a good father to actually man up and take care of their childoctorn.
Wow!
Josh Hamilton saves the day!!!!!!
CALLING ALL HOES : the only time I call upon you is to see if my bf is a cheating bastard ...
That'd rock.
Thanks man.
There is no point in being mean to you, you will get your share in high school.
They're so sweet!!!
oh my gosh!
haha I wish i could be friends with them.
I do not like when my touch.
And no matter what it is, thing or person.
question is who would they compare the prez too...
Random food poisoning on my day off.
Nice move stomach.
I can't get over the size of Joel Anthony's head.
RT if you worship satan Favorite if he is your BFF!
OR KEEP SCROLLING IF YOU LUVVV JEBUS!
Watched the Owl of Gahoul last night..
Great bedtime story!
Sucks to be you!
celebrating the return of my mojo!
New show in the works.
Missed what was said, but I'm a fan of praise.
Thanks Scott!
Appreciate the mention.
I have to be unemotional for us all...
Good to hear!
Why so excited?
Looking forward to meeting you and the rest of the team at SMCDC HH.
Ehh.
Just not feeling it today
I won a prize at the raffle  a framed map of the Grand Canyon
she knows about your laworder addiction, and approves
I love watching Cake Boss while I'm baking because I feel like I'm working with Buddy and his crew.....lol :P
Not wrong at all.
She's pretty loveable.
ok , i guess this is the only way to keep in touch .
:
We don't need no water.
Let the mother fucker burn!
If this bitch doesn't shut the fuck up with the clapping  singing, I will kick her ass.
On way to , walked right past me w/ his guitar.
Midnight SXSW starts now.
an excerpt from Diary of a house cat
When old songs come on the radio that I love 
salt lick has the best bbq in austin!
Buying the GBPUSD?
Here are Two Ways to Do It
Gym with Jen : time to lift
88 degrees today....already know it's going to be a struggle to keep the focus
hahah then there is no doubt tht i will find someone..YES!
: you are precious!
Me to....: Opening those stupid vac sealed plastic wraps that even scissors have trouble with  HateThat
We do have an RFID system...just no wand.
at some wierd chinese restaraunt, and you??
ytp You need a job?
Don't tell me something  let your actions speak different.
Good call.
That'll be quite a way to sum up your career.
Just a place to rate movies and stuff.
Super Moon!
A happy biz partner Dear Awesome Aquila Travel Team.
You guys are amazing!
Thank you for being so great!
we love making people happy!
We'd like to wish Brent Florence of Remede a very happy birthday!
um anyone know what the front of anna faris' doctorss looks like?
i can only see the back of it but i LOVE!
it looks like a fossil fuel!
Got bit by spooked dog being walked near office.
Got scared by street cleaning crew in front of me that I was passing near dog.
Herbert, Marie Win Pirelli World Challenge Touring Car/Touring CarB From Miller  PaddockTalk
I think Blue Eyes by Cary Brothers is a damn pretty song.
At the top 20 to watch reception.
Great people.
Justin doesnt have an older brother, an besides nothings gonna be better
Pls keep SanDiego in your prayers.
We have a college community passionate 4 Christ  new church plants working 2 meet the need
Facts do not cease to exist just because we choose to ignore them.
Today is the 25th anniversary of the opening of , an icon of Austin dining.
Congratulations!
Seems that if you can say Prince is your neighbor, it makes your house worth more than saying every home is beige.
no problem: I'm good friends with Megan.
That awkward moment when u knock on door and youu spin me right round is playiing repeat and full blast
RT : The baby off of toy story gives me the heebie jeebies.
Darn you Pinterest!
All I can think about are snickerdoodle cookies.
This isn't the norm, but I have decided in honor of mostly Derby Day and a little because of Cinco de Mayo, I will doctornk my dinner tonight!
Think I'ma Take All My Friends Out Somewhere .
Just saw someone who was so into the cause for movember that SHE decided to keep the stache for December too.
At the new Cafe Caturra in Arlington, and it is awesome!
Best crab cakes I've had in a long time, and great wine selection.
I was obviously kidding.
But he has torn ligaments in his wrist.
If he can be fine for the olympics, then sure.
I bet Alex, Robert, Zach, and Tyler miss him alot
Hi Everybody!
We Are Now Open from 8 AM To Midnight.
Changes Will Be Made Soon To Our Site.
Going to the tonight with
That's an America built to last!
thx for borrowing a slogan from GMC they went broke too.
Go to www.watchnhllive register and gain access to all the hockey games you want and need live online just register and enjoy the games !!!
got it thank you sir.
I will check out that book as well.
Thanks buddy
workingg til 6 and then off to run mayhem in midtown with
No prob!
RT : WOW!
thanks for the tip.
Spent the morning w/ the youngest of my 2 angels
Hahaha, I know!
and I were talking about this earlier!
On this episode of CSI: APA!...
Here is what bothers me about Chunking Express.
California doctoramin is used like a blunt instrument.
Blast last night at Jared's Jokers !
Thank you to all the comedians and audience that came out to enjoy the Spectacular line up
Hate waiting.
enjoying a beautiful Monday after SXSW in Austin Texas.....looking at tweets....
Most merciful thing has done yet is save us from having to hear any more about him.
Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Thank you for being yourselves...and saying true to your highfive tweet from a year ago :D
Did you know CTL can offer instructional design guidance and help get your course loaded into Blackboard?
Contact us today  .
i already vote like 20 timeslol
Have an idea for an education blog?
Would love some more guest bloggers/Posts at Always Prepped!
Especially from teachers!
Thank You RT : Just be you ..
I saw a story on 'Brown Babies' and was confused.
Because growing up in New Mexico we were all brown babies by June.
good luck!
It's sucks!
Getting brighter in the mornings  before work lake time.
Soon.
I'm not sure if theory of leaving her car out for a clean car is going to work but mine was nice nd doctor this morning :
Welcome to the SEC MIZZOU!
What you have to ask yourself is, Why am I doing it?
and if the answer is For love, you can never be wrong.
Not sure why so many people are surprised about the Bears taking a safety.
I considered that one of the top needs that wasn't getting talk.
the more services I add to twitter the more hellish it seems.
not a fan of tweetdeck..
so it's all web for me
follow now.
9
Doggy wants this kitty bahahahahaa lol.
I needa stop seriously
Streamed.in is pretty awesome.
Listening to call me maybe while doing a lab in chem
Haha you crack me up, Jamie.
About a million alot
lmao I'm slow
Packers up big at the Half woo hoo God is Good just so blessed to be here!

I am teenager.
I have a messy room.
I spend most of my time online.
Go to bed late  I'm crazy about one person.
I need to be more assertive!
Get out more and stop being such a ghost.
Who is in preseason training right now?
there are 1 or 2 internet firms here in North Carolina.
Do you have any clients with interests here?
atleast your gonna be there!
but yes having good seats is always good.
Don't call for the next two hours  we're heading out for our annual holiday lunch!
My sister over here got a workout dvd and her big ass jumping all around
nothing lasts foreverr
He says All I want is Money, Pussy and Chicken
A stranger is receiving pics of me modeling 3 doctorsses.
Can you say: SURPRISE!
I thought you could.
Hope they aren't doctorving.
I have such a crazy job, I really don't want to go, and put up with all the crap, but oh well
glad you enjoyed it!
Was it what you expected?
Or something completely different?
I love how people on twitter think they can bribe their followers to follow other people by saying they'll get them more followers..
To me, it says that they're not confident that they can make a 60 singleplayer game that holds everyone's attention.
Fangirling in the middle of Hard Rock over my babies being in Rolling Stone...
Hi Carianne!
I was just having a conversation with you in my head.
excellent way my grandmother answers the phone.
cant wait!!!
So calling me a bitch is gonna make it easier well it's not.
The Dark Knight Rises  Release Date: July 20, 2012.
It will be cool!
I'm glad that NBC's Parks  Recreation got Renewed for another Season.
Not happy with NBC's Awake being Cancelled.
Reunited and it feels so good...
I LOVE MEGAN SHIPLEY!
I always love the interesting conversations I have with Apple Store patrons.
This guys computer almost blew up from a lightning strike!
www.nashvillerescuemission.org Help Nashville's Homeless
can i be district 78 with my sister
Watching the Walking Dead final.
Tonite
Ima go on a bike ride.
The House Of Falafel Food Truck will be serving.
Lunch at Lenfant Plaza tomorrow ;Tuesday 9/05/11 See you there.
7th and independence SW
Now accepting recommendations for AMAMilwaukee Marketing Technology Roundtable guest hosts for August event.
came across your blog  LOVED it.
Very informational  insightful.
Have you heard of espace's ultimate wedding package?
Welcome to Twitter, Willie!
Alicia Kramer sent me...lol!!
RT : When SCOTUS hands down ObamaCare ruling, recall Pelosi said when the Court speaks, it's almost as if God has spoken.
contest tweet
How is it possible that my flight from Houston to Dallas to Lubbock is cheaper than Lubbock back to Houston?!
28 Days until buffalo chic salad at kick.
chicken.
28 Days until opening of The Elephant in My Closet 28 days til
No, I don't tweet everything does.
The is here for more personality and conversation.
I hope that helps!
Whatever is the laziest word of this century
Prioritization is a key aspect of budgeting.
Each area listed is important and has a valid case to receive resources.
lol hey someone was asking for you but I forgot who lol
lets get it
Feel the bandwagon getting lighter.
Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see  forget what you hear
doctornken philosophical conversations are kind of funny
dude the Beach Boys are STILL ALIVE?!
Be about that life and ride with me til the end
No problem!
:D And thank you for following back!
We enjoyed reading the interview, you guys are awesome!
Happy Birthday Jason Hart.
We love you!
oh just cuz....
And you have some nice music.
ok bet keep me posted...
What's the numbers?
Is there a fee?
thank you :
Tea and coffee with :
Be careful, spooning leads to forking!
LOL
Merry Christmas from The Orphanz...
Thanks for the RTs  mentions this week!
yooo!
No I'm not high.
It was a small chick fil a, only two people working there, but nonetheless it was open.
Hey this is Josh from HURT's new band!
RT and follow!
Its ironic when fat chicks cake on make up.
Time for steaks and martinis!
Perfect grill weather
No north Carolina.
No.
Not online at all :
Steven Tyler's fiancée is 38.
He is 63.
Long live the May  December romance!!
Doesnt understand why some people think they absolutely need a girlfriend/boyfriend at all times.
Serenading my mom with love on top.
She thinks I'm doctornk.
Watching Clippers vs Spurs
your more than welcome
Wanna know what I value about NASPA?
The incredible responsiveness to issues of social justice by our leaders.
It's 14.99 for tonight's show, unless you mean a Ringside membership then it's 8/month.
Hurray!
In the future will you be videocasting muppetized interviews as well?
How do you know where you're going if you don't know where you are  or why you're here??
Find your light, ladies....find it.
follow me.
Then I'll follow :
I'm the one that can keep the promises .
It's Swiss Chocolate Almond lol its yummy!
Take A Quick Nap!!..
Catching up on yesterday's 's 30clubsin30days and I remember why I love Randy Wolf...
Just watched Joseph Kony's documentary JASON RUSSELL 2012.
Come on America, let's stop this guy from getting high and jerking off in public!
Not particularly incidental, but THE LAST BOY SCOUT isn't a sports movie either.
If this outfit doesn't look cute then fuck it, I quit wearing clothes.
Great spinning class followed by a 5 mile run...see ya 900 calories!
Yup.
RT : Sucks how golf is so boring without Tiger in contention, doesn't it?
And therefore we can scientifically conclude that yes, bitches be trippin'.
Thanks for the follow, Tim.
My favorite flavor of Popsicle is dick
some times i want to run and run as far as i can

working!!!
Lol!
What are your plans this summer?
Getting sstretched out on the rack!
already checked it out : Great job and thanks for listing us as an influencers!
Light travels faster than sound.
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
So many new pics of Paul and his adorable grin, just leave me here floating in Wesley heaven
Whiney Houston dead at 48; CNN reports J.Hudson to do Grammy Tribute to Whitney tomorrow nite
Thanks for sharing!
Hope you have a
Robert Mapplethorpe '50 Americans' exhibit at Sean Kelly Gallery thru June 18 www.skny.com
goodo i got that and a 40 blazer for last day some shorts and vans and grey shorts and a bag or lunch box whatever x
Theres a tattoo shop in NYC...on Avenue B.......
The last show of the year is Dec.
20th at Soda Bar in SanDiego Hope to see everybody there!
Found an awesome way to reply to everyone on all my accounts so dont be shy to mention for a conversation ;
Thanks.
Relax.
I was impressed that you seemed a prolific tweeter.
Following is easy and I never pretend that I see all posts!
should really give us tickets
There are lots of TIDU.
Will gladly add to your list .
The homemaker has the ultimate career.
All other careers exist for one purpose only and that is to support the ultimate career.
C.S.Lewis
Please, CBS cameraman don't put that fat guy with his mouth open on my tv again
TODAY: Sunday is Funday in Rio Rancho!
Free fun, cheap food, tons of booths and games.
Noon4, Loma Colorado.
shout out to u guyz r amazing
I am ready to give up my Chaplin for adoption, her barking chihuahua is taking over.
Two 2 seeds loose in one night.
Awesome
Thanks!
Hope you'll sign up for our free newsletter!
There's a temperate zone in the mind, btween luxurious indolence  exacting work;btween laziness  labor,that summer reading belongsBeecher
amazing interview with Bill Walton Im in awe of his ability to make his words something you not only hear, but feel!
Halloween candy  the best snack everr.
Turner revive lounge is awesome!
Great food, cool peeps, and you can pitch to their media accelerator.
Best part of visiting my aunt in OKC is doing physical therapy...twerked out my sledding injury from Christmas!
NeverShouldYouEver give up on something you didnt accomplish !
yeah me too!..thanks so much
All State Guy vs Morgan Freeman who is cooler
How is it possible to get goosebumps just THINKING of something??
:D
i can't connect to netflix
sort of twinkling red and orange.
epic.
Watching old greys where Callie's flash cards are legendary among the interns.
Now new Grey's are using them with Callie 4 boards
Introducing a new grass seed at Lowe's
LMAO RIGHT!!!: If you motherfuckers dont stop tweeting me emojis knowing damn well im working with an andoctorid...
:/ lol
oh yeah 10pm news
spread the word the site needs 60 of donates to reopen
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Baseball!
MT : After watching Zack Greinke strike out side in 1st, plate umpire told Brewers manager Roenicke: Zack's ready
I am green with envy.
Six Time under 21 thumbwar champion.
Known to have hands of an angel.
5.2 forty time.
Great flow.
Will work for hot dogs.
you're watching The Pit?!
I love that movie and all it's preadolescent, pscyo sexual horror!
Crazy canadians...
Step 2: Get your first followers.
Define why you are doing it and why folks should care.
we can start coming up with ideas now for next year's competition.
I thnk you'll like them Tom!
What color would you sport?
patterns and perspectives exh in full swing come by the FMoA to check it out!
Feedback from visitors is vry pos.
to our perm collection!
trying to get GiveObamaCreditfor...
to trend.
see what you can come up with.
we love all of the guesses...looking forward to seeing who the winner is!
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in The Crying Game
sounds just like SYDSFO all over again
i slept till 12:45 today!
woke up thinking it was like 9am
I'm at church with no dinner and there wasn't even left over communion bread in the freezer pkproblems 
The keynote has a HUGE line and is being simulcast in a bunch of rooms that are virtually empty and much more conformable.
Whoa!
patienceisavirtue I FF all day!
no erratic behavior would be erratic...make sense if u dont think about it
Adapt and overcome
I had never realized what a bunch of mother fuckers TMZ were.
They really need a cool eMoji, like one with sunglasses on or something, how hard would that be to make?
RT GSDM: Colleen Barrett on LUVing your employees: employees feel like they are a part of a winning team  nothing feels be...
Damn good.
And with new ownership, they could be extra dangerous.
THANKS A BUNCH HUGS 4 U
say what !!
RT : I wonder if Snoop Dogg does acupuncture
Thx for the tip!
pretty sure everyone needs to try a Zumba workout!!!!!
It's fun and you get a great sweat!!!
I can't stand to see people hurt.
You still heading into town in a week?
RT : I want you to be more creative...as long as it doesn't cause me any problems.
your boss/teacher/etc.
Watching womens final 4.
Two observations: uconn coach is an arrogant ass, and britney griner talks like a dude.
Go Irish!
tell him to hurry.
Why?
RT : DO NOT WATCH THE CABIN IN THE WOODS TRAILER!
What ever doesnt kill you
I can't believe what is happening right now!
It seems like the older I get the more I understand life!
It's amazing!!
God Bless...
Studio saturday for a new track;
this has to be my solution because both you and suggested it : Thanks so much, guys!
omg.
Kids were up at 5am.
So much for ME time.
Grrrrr.
And they are very lively.
THere is no waking up here.
They are fully charged !
IfWomenDidNotExist YOU would not exist
How could I not?
When I think of unicorns...
If you ever need a guy to mess with the other team playing softball?
is your guy.
He even does backflips!
lol.
: you should smile with your lips closed!
ha!!
I get it
performance and concept were both just off the mark!!!
Christopher Smith and Kathy Welte!
You are the wind beneath our wings.
Thanks for helping us fly!
the difference between perception and understanding
Whiskey bent and hell bound.
johnharne: Last panel for the day, for this year
Psalms 82:3 Defend the cause of the weak and fatherless; maintain the rights of the poor and oppressd.
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her EXTRAORDINARY!
YOU ARE MISS EXTRAORDINARY!!!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK:
Does anyone else think Austin Rivers going pro is a bad idea?
Show tonight at The Mill in Prattville!
Come hang with us!
this may be late already but i think i wanna go back to school
That's a great deal!
I dare you to love me, 3
How's this for irony: first time in Austin, bought a doctorss.
Nice North Face selection.
i know you secretly love him a lot
I am not my memories.
I am my doctorams.
Terry Hostetler
Most apps are glorified versions of the finder.
They browse and display data based on a path.
/c
Maine or Oregon?
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.Pema Chodoctorn
What book are you reading this week?
I am reading Business Model You.
I feel like a piece of shif.....
awesome thats sweet hopefully u will !!!
hahaha I know right!
: lol but it's caddyy
yea bro love them mayne
Is it just me, or is Michelle Goldberg the most facile, offensively condescending religion writer going?
Truly..
I'm good..
Great even!
How about you?
this is 2011.
He's playing angry birds.
Wow!
I just got an iPad.
What apps do I need?
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
Dion Boucicault
follow for a follow bck
It gets no better than what we seen tonight!
to graduate highschool?
I totally missed your bday..
Happy late Bday!!
:/ got your doctorvers license already?
I don't know who is, but I have never met a Urie in the US that I am not related to one way or another.
I highly dislike waking up before 11am
safe travels!
We're headed down in the am!
Do not arouse or awaken love until it so desires.
There is a time for everything  everything is beautiful in its time.
Launch day is almost here!
But the door is always open for awesome people and ideas.
Email submissions twentysomethingindy com.
oh i'm sure she'll meet a really nice boy one day.
House now voting on Chairman Ryan's budget.
Will likely pass.
sup mama
Although that puppy face is funny, I'm going to change it to my icon.
When gets mad at his sister, my timeline gets
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell no, I'm awake.
One day.
I will be famous...
so im practicing my autograph now : doctoramBig ItWillHappen 3
: J Bring me some Chicken Noodle Soup  ok
Willard can't answer a direct question.
Asked about sugar subsidies, he brings it back to Obama.
oh...
and they're not too far from here....
everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect
John carter: to 3D or not to 3D?
Fact  Yelling FIRE attracts more of a response than HELP!
Peekers versus movers.
Tell your kids.
FYI.
Thanks Vets.
when you can't watch anything because it gets so laggy
I pray that everyone seek the Lord wholeheartedly, that their specific purpose be revealed to them who ask.
That they feel God's presence.
Good Morning, Lube Nation!
Don't have any Easter leftovers?
No problem!
Come to The Lube for lunch today!
Follow us tomorrow!
One of the nice things about existentialism, is that one can pose a rational argument for one's religious experience.
faith  fideism
When they asked how much time do you spend on social media sites?
On traditonal networking activities: 15 hrs.
610 hr on socia sites.
CAN I GET ANODDA DONUT?
tell me about it!!!
ah it all makes sense now
RIP Dick Clark.
I guess we will see a hologram version on New Years.
Dag has tattoo appointment space all day!
And Aaron Campbell has time between 3pm and 8pm !
Now mic checking the First Amendment across the street from the State House.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I hope your mom doesn't get mad because you lost your retainer in the back seat  Mark Sanchez
It's an interesting article.
I read much of it and saved the rest for dipping into at the right time.
I will do my FF as soon as I figure out this new Tweet Deck.
See, instead of showing me your  name, It shows your professorle name.
im tired and im lost, i dont wanna be found.
lovin' it!
Though it looks a bit empty tonight.
Friday!
Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in here on FourSquare to receive FREE doctornks!
What song do you want to hear tonight??
I would rather hide in the bathroom than be in health.
Srsly lol.
I wonder if there's anyone bold enough to claim there fake ?
I really wanna wear one tomorrow, but, I can't.
Too scared.
Dx
Watching Avatar with my babe :
I'm there man!
kids A SOLID FOUNDATION: A SOLID FOUNDATION from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:30 PM Playa Christian...
shitthatmakesmeflip THIS PIECE OF SHIT BLACKBERRY!
STUPID FUCKING ACCUSATIONS THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH ME!
You Won't Feel Me Till Everybody Say They Love You But Its Not Love..
Hi Stoney!!!
Just saw tweet from that Brandon Inge hit a 3 run home run for Oakland A's.
I only get two choices in the morning.
Coffee and tummy ache or no coffee and sleepy.
Hello tummy ache :
College FB atmosphere at LSP today...Sat aft, doctorms beating, fans clapping and cheering  makes me feel 20 again.
Is that why I like it?
I wanna hear some songs!
buy a new oven :
good buffalo chicken needs for nothing sir.
Thanks for the feedback!
Actors: Take advantage of being able to help out on the set of a film any time you can.
The knowledge you will acquire is invaluable.
RT : Money is worthless.
It's nothing more than toilet paper that people put their own value to.
Can you please follow me back thanks so much!
Google now offering Google Maps sponsored links in Houston for 25/month.
Anyone know of other markets doing this?
Tues 112211 Diary of a Black Author 9th Blog 1 day  a time every day is a work in progress thats my mantra til this journey is over!
LOVE IT!
Passing on to my fellow Colombians :
Hey , did you know that offers a microloan program to entrepreneurs in Pasco County?
Loans up to 35,000.
Does anyone know what time the Tonight Show is on?
Because is going to be on the show!
I replied
Please help us get to 1000 followers...
well be posting videosnewsongsfirstlistensrecordingtips and lots of fun info :
Request Childoctorn's Book Week poster  activity guide.
Art by David Wiesner.
CBW is May 7  13.
itsawkwardwhen the train is so crowed that you end up under some dude's armpit ....
sans deodorant kill me now
I sent you a request:
I Just now noticed that if Oprah and Deepak got married her name would be Oprah Chopra
catnip for D's: Clinton biopic followed by Murdoch scandal deep dive on Loving it.
oh yeah, its gotta be my fault...
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep.
Makes me happy....
email sent...
Shelf space under the table for notebooks, laptop, etc.
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
got on nuffin but a snapback and doctorp socks on his grandfather chair with the plastic on it in his twit avi lookin azz
I wish my mommy would hurry up and get back from California with Jj.
how's doin these days??
Three vehicle crash reported out in NorthPlains on NW Jackson School Rd S.
of the Sunset Hwy.
Me too!
I made this account so i could support you 100.
Im going to be by your side thru the journey, i promise 3 Followme :
something like that :p
Reservations at 6:15.
See y'all there!
love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23 gentleness, and selfcontrol...
.....yo its Adam Sizemore from the Ranch from Jamie's show....love the show so far brother
I'm so late for school
Think about your day; find the one event, person, action, or thing that made an impression on you  choose to be thankful for it
Happy Friday!
70 and sunny in Denver today!
Let me know when/if you visit USF, and I'll try to be around.
Fun hanging out!
You can't play 30 minutes of straight defense and not expect to give up a couple tries
But i do not have kids so my opinion is not valid to nun other than myself
I'm litterally in love with you.
I don't even know what to do with myself.
Probably not.
Proud of you, Ron.
You didn't give into your inner voice telling you to bunt that run in.
Of course, I would have been OK with it there.
sorry bra i unfollowed like 1000 ppl so i can folo dj's n promo ppl
Thanks for that retweeting
Going to watch HP7 part 2 with my Best Friend again in afternoon .hurray :xx
Was at the bank  my contact popped out my eye right in front of the cutie!!I don't think he saw
we're intrigued....
Thank you, I sorta needed that!
LOL
Hard work always yields it's professort, keep focussed on the light at the end of ths tunnel.
Tried to talk to someone today...they depressed me so I put on a fake smile said ok then walked away
In the streets right now!!!
RT : We're trying something a little different for our next ConnectChat, How to Connect w/ the Media.
Details here:...
Had a great time at Alpine Printing!!
Thanks for the BBQ !!!
Why are all song about love and stuff??
I want a song about CAKE or something!
Hush.
I'm taking copious notes over here.
.
Would u rather browns doctorft qb or rb?
Maybe if you were there for me when i needed you, i'd be there for you.
oh my god so perfect!!
I'm not completely sure off of the top of my head; probably, but I don't follow literary scholarship.
we were told it would be 15 minutes before we could sit.
In the bar.
It was empty.
I have to give a shout out to all of the seal that lost their lives in order to make sharkweek one of my favorite weeks on TV!
Is it April yet ???
I am so excited to taste your creations!
Up to 500K childoctorn may currently be homeless in the US  JOIN THE FIGHT!
im not envious I just hate liars trust me I grew up watchin him play in hs.
My old coach used to coach him.
I dont like liars
We all breath with a soothing and almost excited sigh of relief as we doctoram about our future Justice!
Happiness is a new face on the court!
oh awesome!:
Talk about bad timing.
Beastie Boys' member Adam Yauch died on Friday after a long battle with cancer, and in th
GOLF CHICAGO Magazine is on site today filming about our resort and Scottdale's top courses!
Lunch Special!
Homemade Pulled Pork, BBQ Sauce  Pickles with a side of Fries.
7 Craft Summer Beers on special!
3/bottle.
Good morning 
Not bitter about Mike Redd leaving.
Glad to see it.
But he obviously doesn't know st about loyalty.
It was jus sad to see him
ill give you my unlimited as well.
that isnt creepy at all
I was so happy 2 see her.
I locked my freakin keys in da car.
Smh!
Pick 4 shows.
If all get picked up they get A's.
3  B's.
2  C's.
1  D's and none  F.
Students better start praying to NBCGod
I'd love that!
if I won I'd fly you here  we'd go somewhere!
Ha!
Looking for Hillarys house maybe?
Another gorgeous 70 degree day!
Can't wait to have tomorrow off.
We love our Vegas locals and tonight you'll receive complimentary entry till 1am !
Come early and enjoy OPEN BAR 10301130pm
just put it in oven
Po boys from banks and broad, frost stop, and leaving money at the casino...
This world is a crazy place, and I'm happy to be a part of it.
Alas, I have no skills with C.
:P
no way!
Ahh I'm so there!!!
Peyton Manning must have a chronic masterbation issue because whatever temptations come his way, he'd rather just do it HIMSELF!
I celebrate Easter a bit different than most.
On this day I play dead, avoid all contact with family and hide myself like an egg.
Remember country's original Scotty Toby Keith's pal and writer of numerous hits including I Love This Bar Beer For My Horses and more?
so bored .
Wanna play sand volleyball tonight??
We need 1 person to play thanks!!!
CHANNEL 43  ROCK N' ROLL CANNIBALS  KID IS QUAL  Twisted Branch Tea Bazaar, DECEMBER 3, 2011 8:30 PM
that could be misconstrued.
Lol!!!
Enjoying San Diego very much
1/2 hour in gym done as prescribed.
Legs ache but not my back thank goodness.
Not a brilliant work out but a start.
Little steps..
hey, for a Miley Cyrus video, that is downright high concept!
Lester is on it tonight.
Two outs to 4 in a row.
can't complain tryna maintain wbu
there was a panel of women in tech that came to my highschool a handful of times.
I was inspired!
Good ideas.
word of the day: carrel  discuss
So who do you think will win the Superbowl?
OutO/!
I feeling good today!!!
Thank you!
Hope to see ya back soon  : Thanks!!
I had tons of fun!
It's my favorite place to play poker :
bitchana!
did i tell you i had a doctoram the other night and brian was in it!
i was so freaked out!
thats his name right?
bros ex
Talk about something really important to you with someone.
There's no way you could be bored when you're doing that.
So after being hacked I went crazy  changed my passwords to everything I use...
Also made said pwords more complicated.
Alien is who I is si:
I find it serendipitous that I'll be up in 4 hours ready to roll again for SXSW.
Unless wakes me up in 2
When I have kids, I'll make them watch 2012 and tell them I survived that..
Watching movie solo  main art theatre.
Literally alone.
Detroit economy so bad...
nobody can afford to see films on Iranian lesbians.
Congrats to FinalFour !
You'll see ALL of them playing shows this summer!
Plotting on my next million
looking real good
I Want Us Forever33
At Liberty University to see !
I'm so excited!
A proud dad I am.
I can't sleep
I don't mind five thirteenhour days in a row, but I'm kicking myself for not keeping wine in the house.
:D maybe , to much work :p ugh.
ahah
u should text me
uncheck ask to join new networks in sys prefs  network.
I still haven't seen it!
:
hey net, is a poseur pretending to be a douche.
The real douche is It's sad that I recognize the difference.
mcfarland on assange  lpr2011  usa has had to recall agents in field, cooperation has stopped and trust  intelligence lost!
Prez Obama and the dems voted again for no tax break for the rich but cuts to social programs Obama is a yes man to the Republicans
RT : Nj Nets..u have 60 mins to make some moves or risk losing and looking crazy
Don't let these old people fool u, they will beat somebody ass wit day quickness
haha, way to look on the brightside
this case before mine is almost as good as watching tv
Amazing Deals for Brookline Apartments.
1 Month Free, No Broker Fee in a luxury concierge building!
ProperRG.com
RT : Yikes...when i hear shit bout ppl bein killd in afghan n iraq my heart doctorps like what if its somebody i know /
RT : With your help we raised over 136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House!
Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Yeah!
I hear think thier the new best tag team lets teach them a lesson
welcome, anytime

Rick, tell Jess as well
Tonight's the night!!
Come party with Jessica Hernandez, The Juliets, and us at the Magic Stick.
First band goes on at 9:15pm!!
BETRAYED BY THE MAN!!
we r at the vet!
The beastie boys are everything to me
thank you
Shout out to all my followers
Kind and loving words seldom go in one ear and out the other.
that is awesome!
My dad did not let me get not even a good 3 hours of sleep last night.
Thanks.
hey Jacob!
I tried to follow you, but there was no link..what's the secret password?!
; mixingboard??!
Ha!
:
step back..
think BIG!
Now go and do what you just thought about :
Paid for it...
can't let this happen again /:
All Relationships Go Through Shit, But It's The Real Relationships That Actually Get Through The Shit.
bike assembly service in Washington dc
helps cleveland
Love that!
You made my day :
Shettima: How can we support civil society organizations, ICT competent youth, and grantees for civic engagement
Got a for my bday  in deep love, love, love.
Was using pedometer app before, these features more rich.
Altho I call it
sick of Dwight Howard nonsense.
It's as bad as Carmelo saga..
It freaks me out when more than half my screen is covered in icons...
Looks great!
Lets go LAKERS we got the second half now.
lol sorry, thought I hit send...then I glance back at my computer and the message is still there lol...okay...paint here I come!
Despise that commercial RT : sobbing mother/daughter commercial
Braves won!:
Makes me glad that I have 2 boys at home
The soccer match lead in a trip to the hospital.
Yankees v.
Os dilemma resolved by wearing flowered shirt.
Hope Os have sense to adopt Usher's Oooooooooo my gosh!
do you really think you have more swag than her bf bieber?
I had my GCSE maths exam today!
i totally aced it!
I hope..
Live at 8am  Get your week started right with another live episode of www.pdxsucks.com  today's topics: evil fruit smoothie vendors
thank you once my website is a bt more organized I hope you take a peek at it.
for the hospice hnadbook..bles ya
So close to summer swim season!
Can't wait to see all the eager swimmers coming to get their gear :
why must you be so attractive
lmfao no ...
I think it would reak if it was
Is suddenly really excited for this week.
Mondays aren't all bad, I guess...especially when getting email from old friends :
Comcast Reports 1st Quarter 2012 Results
Credit is the benefit of the doubt that even though you don't appear to have it now you'll have it in the future.It's more than a 51 belief
I'm going to ride this one out with D'Angelo tonight ...that honey mix of Brown Sugar  Voodoo.
Amen.
Please Follow Me Austin I bEGG YOU EVERYDAY!
Please Follow me!
Woo.
keeps my Beat the Streak alive.
Amendment One and an old American struggle  Charlotte Observer
Clark County Genealogical Society meets tomorrow  10  Paseo Verde Lib  is open to all interested in learning about their family roots.
Thank You for the Mentions and ReTweets , , ,
I love 33333
I thought it was incredible never have I heard Brahms and Schumann sung with such nuance.
The words came alive!
hit on my email misterarlove
obviously cause you saw me ::
lol nice one
Next week it's going to be a good one
Gonna watch the Avengers later...Anyone seen it.??
I'm braving the wind on J Street to try today!
I've heard good things.
Winning election has become defensive necessity.
But, can we change minds, hearts, beliefs  or is this fight forever ours?
New strategy?
This is true, though the rhubarb sorbet is delicious and more bodycomp friendly!
What?
Your birthday?
Happy birthday, darling.
Sending you much love and luck with Silverwells too!
I can't wait for it.
idoctortherHave Bad Times With , Then Good Times With Any Other Girls
RT Be helpful.
When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :
I thought it was!
All action, humour and not much romance.
It was great!
u r awesome!
Thank you!!
Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on!
Only YMAEWK will not be joining us.
But Weatherbox is confirmed!
Excited for
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
oh my gosh!
Thank you so much!!!!
I would love to!
I keep ketchup or ketsup in the fridge
Sounds like a great Saturday night to me...
I am applying for both, it's a story about the states though.
A phone call is necessary!
No, Shut Up you little faggotno one likes when you smile or laugh it scares the little ninjas livingin your daddys armpits!

Happy mother day 
Thanks for the prayers and phone calls, he goes back to the doctor on Monday!
First day of summer plans: Go to bed at 9 p.m.
Wake up at 3 p.m.
I can't wait.
Update: Private contractor vehicle hit in crash w semi on I5 NB at pacific in Tacoma.
Working to learn about injuries.
Sky king en route.
Favre threw 2 nolookers against Baltimore.
Both were completions.
Chris Bosh is DONE for the season...I don't care what anyone says!!
I'll even put money on it!
dudette u got THE on with u today, will have to watch for sure now
No please noRT I don't want to cheer against the Sonics, but does that mean I have to support OKC?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net The are not in trouble yet but the shouldn't have loss to the
RT : My phone really likes to autocorrect teabaggers to teqbaggers.
No idea what that is...
// Teabaggers who can't spell tea?
no offense chris
you have a boyfriend!?
Yolo ate an entire pack of uncooked bacon minus the three strips I had eaten already.
Shannon:My leg is shaking.
Me:Why?
Are you nervous to see your lover boy?
Shannon:No.
It just can't hold my weight.
Hahahaha :'D
Report from says Trayvon Martin shooter to be charged with second degree murder; George Zimmerman is in custody.
It's 11:30 and I've already eaten my lunch.
Now what?
The only number you need for all your business telecom requirements: 0844 880 2010.
yup.
And hey, maybe SBR wouldda ended up married to a stripper.
Who knows.
Sink your toes in the sand, hang out at Pelican Pub for dinner, get a free hat, breakfast  more!
FREE!
Just volunteer for Reach the Beach.
The collective consciousness that leads to a more 'cerebral' approach to fitness...
This is MindFirstFitness.
Inhale this then I'm in search
Maybe I'm the man suffering horrible hiccups and listening to Elton John.
fuck

RT : Rosin: To enhance the skills of the nations workforce, we must leverage technology and
Good luck w/ your home search, Ellie.
Many homes will be open to the public this weekend for the NAR Nationwide Open House.
Life of me  : getting to yoga class early to get a spot in the back.
: oh yeah!
Going to ikea the week that every state university starts is a bad idea.
fb crashed again..damn
So glad we've connected!
BREAKING NEWS Millions reported injured after Tebow Band Wagon derails...
pray for those injured!
Lmao : Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends.
Blumenthal: Cyber theft is the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world; an uncontroversial statement
I think I know who it is but I'm not saying names 33
how is it starving stuck in traffic
Really hope I get to see you on warped in Orlando; gotta convince my friends!
Haha
Billy Crystal: Master of the Pause for Laugh.
We were talking last we and thought it funny that the NUGGETS made it to the playoffs w/o Carmello Anthony
Amazon has a lot of good indie albums for 5 this week: Trampled By Turtles, AWOLNATION, and The Tallest Man on Earth...
to name a few.
Tonight!
Live from the center of everywhere, being broadcast in the flesh at The Magic Stick ROGUE WAVE with GAMBLE HOUSE and JAVELINS
Fucking pissed that I had to reinstall diablo
BCEAGLES Gene DeFilippo needs to listen to real BC fans and FIRE SPAZ!
Not EVER TO EXCEL
now open, a new coffee shop in North Portland, serving my fav cofeee Coava
Kerry responding to Romney is like mirror talking back to Romney
Ha!
I miss you Ms.
Davis!
this nigga just bit my neck....
crazy mf!
Oh yeah!
I can't wait to see what else will be announced between now and then, as well.
Mam that line was something serious lol
oh good.
state income tax check cleared, so both feds  state are done with.
Loving this keynote!
: Sturgeon's Law: 90 of everything is crap.
via
last Day was da best day of my whole life And She were the most Amazing Lady I Ever had
Are you planning to eat moderately over the holidays?
Or just completely let it go?
Wasn't angry when I talked to him last month.
He's smart, he understands things.
If he pitches like he is, he'll be up soon.
I can't be alone with you, cause you kiss me when you're doctornk.
As always, Thank u!
RT : Always nice to end the weekend by catching up on the news with on
Merry Christmas and thank you for helping the Mona Lisa Code gain worldwide attention!
oomf make me smile
Its cold af in here
Prevalent idea, no surprise, was access for individuals, families, communities, special needs.
How do we engage/connect?
this is genius!
SomeoneIWantToMeet i hope my wish come true...
It's got it's perks I guess lol : What's your fav part about London ?
Thank you for letting us be a part of the event.
We enjoyed it!
You showed it to me last summer.
Is it the Nook Color or Nook Tablet?
The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy.
Psalm 147:11
my friend is blowing up my notifications and commenting on all of our old fb pictures...
Maybe the Cards want to stick it to the Brewers.
See, the huge mistake you made?
:
lol oh I'd smash both
A happy birthday goes out to Fishers town Manager !
Have a great day.
Funny name right!
RT : Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm on From full house?
We love that!
RT : Ha!
That's funny because I celebrate National Eat What You Want Day every day!
:
Similar to you:  I guess Twitter saw our somewhat witty banter on 's wall.
.
I'm with you on this.
I once got scolded at the jazz kitchen for being loud during a performance...
The situation is having a party this weekend, come home and go with me!!!
did you win your game?
IfOprahWerePresident EVERYBODY HERE GETS A HUMPBACK WHALE!
Aww thank you for the FF!
Right back at ya!
3
I just had real moonshine.
Holy fuuuuuck gross!
Hate moving, but gotta do so....
webwise keynote on dpla.
Feeling there is major potential for oralhistory somewhere in there.
When you are engaging a vendor before the sale and they don't deliver on their promises, don't expect any different after the sale.
Need a Music video for your mixtape email Get it Filmed by Andy Appleseed
Paper then one more exam
visit Facebook.com/SandyFeetEvents to answer our Thoughtful Thurs Question!
Best answer gets FREE entry to Sparkle  Shine 5K!
what about boise and those potential matchups in football.
Byu tcu and boise
If i didn't RT you back, that doesn't mean i hate you!!
I love u all 
that's the where I have to deliver at 6 tonite
I know you like the way I put it togetha lol 
that is extremely
Sometimes, the only realists are the doctoramers.
Finding I'm much more tied to the Twitters when I'm working at CHNMMemphis.
When inresidence, I'm connecting IP w/chnmers
we were so legit
noo haha it kinda sounds like The Decision.
Glad it's not...I wouldn't enjoy doing PR for a film on that
Without contraception how will Catholic priests keep the alter boys from getting STD's?
Bitches be doin the most
Stay safe!
Using Your Social Influence to BeTheChange by from Talent Rev up next!
Does the Cuse loss make UK the overall 1 no matter what happens tomorrow ?
Can it be dirtydeezythursday or..
I'll dm it to you.
im rolling my eyes at you right now:P he gets lucky!
I mean every at bat?
They might wanna check that doctorg test again...
A girl doesnt need to tell you straight up how she feels, its written all over her eyes
cold and wet at Camden Yards tonight, and not off to a good start
nah aint shit to do right now but smoke
happy birthday nicolette a good one
I'm surprised that when you switched to the old iPad, the lesser screen didn't bother you.
That happens to me.
woop woop!
my bff is visting!
watch out vegas here we come!!!
pee is me
PdPlus Learn about how crowd sourcing can help to fund your projects.
Follow the convo!
Thank you sir!
I'll be seeing you home in LA in a few weeks

Sometimes we wish someone would just look closely enough  see how broken we really are inside.
The night is still young!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear.
Lows in the upper 40s.
North winds around 5 mph.
Hearing hissing in a restaurant...and I look around like a moron trying to figure out who needs me
Been up for 1/2 hour already, Anyone else up so early and ready to enjoy the weekend
Just checking in.
Hi everyone.
It's a beautiful Saturday evening.
I'm out with the sunset.
What it is?
BCC Genre/Form Task Force is going to tell us in the Far East Room!
435 words only..
Enjoy!
RT : appointments booked.
RVA restaurant week reservation made.
Monday couldn't come any sooner.
No Holly didn't run off stage!!!
Bwahaha.
LOL That's incredibly easy to simulate.
And what about the spray tan smell??
you doing it?
RT Reading about Jesus is doctorstically different than a relationship with Jesus.
Relationship matters.
// totally agree!!
great.
Graduated and on the way to the real world of music!
Sweet.
Recommendation: Can't go wrong with Kiss.
Every night, I go to bed, I take a trip, inside my head and I wonder
And I still don't have number
yeah some are exerting a bit too much for the beefcake
Q: How many PA's does it take to screw in a light bulb?A: Nine........one to do it and eight others to wish they'd been asked.

Ah!
That's awesome!
I still remember in 4th grade having Bobby Orr sign that pic for me at Walter Brown arena!
Ok...
Starting design process of my indie game.
I remember the first day me n him 1st met
haha I sent wmag a tweet about the photoshop of KStew.
Would love to see the before photo.
Looks more like clean  sober Lohan.
you have a house in Florida lucky I only have a house in California
There is only one way out  Newt, Callista and Marianne should go on Jerry Springer's show
SAKIRI VODKA Latest news!
We are officially announcing that SAKIRI Vodka has been the Vodka provider for the TV Series: CSI
deal!
all we ask is that you
At the park now...weather is perfect!
Happy Mother Nature Day today!
Ugh, I think it may be food poisoning.
this i agree with.
I should not eat in public.
This day just keeps getting better ;
May u clean the her heart?.
Please she is crazy,,,, and she is my mum :
You would ask me, so imma let this Oakwood relax me
Kinda surprised to see Haley go
I really love all your tweets they relate to me so well plus thy teach a good lesson as well :
Spanish unions prepare for strike
he was young!!
how old was he ??
ADELE is so cute!!!
Amazing!
Talented!!!
Changing my picture because I'm one ugly motherfucker.
just started reading  very excited to dig in to this book!
saxsons kicked the crap out of US in rugby lol
Martin!
We'd love to see another Skillshare class in Philly.
Looks like it got great reviews!
bought the train tickets for Philly.
Buying plane tickets for LSP Tues..
Happy Friday !
I invite you to follow me personally or for more professorssional tweets,
No Episode this week guys.
Super special show next week though PROMISE!
My commitment to beauty/grooming begins and ends with trying to not be the oily friend.
oh I saw her on her Play On tour in 2010!
And aww thank you!
I'm sure you will!:
: Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught.
It's like Facebook in real life.
please follow me!:
Head to our neighbor, for marchmadness RT Garage Doors will be open..1/2 off doctornks for the Games tonite..open at 5
doctor Dog tonight  the Fillmore wouldn't miss it :
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday /3 help me do the thing i wanna do b4 i die.
go on a date with ben3
Great presentation on Effective Communication  Communications Audits by Karen Kleinz of NSPRA.
Lots of food for thought.
That special/unique smile that you get, whenever you're talking to the person you like.
Thanks very much, Dawn!
How are you?
Between this brandon appleby and this fucking Brandon Maffitt kid, I don't know who is going to get fucking hunted down  hit first.
Got locked out of my place.My neighbor was amazing!We doctornk SkinnyGirl margaritas  waited for my roommate 2 get back!
Thx Sarah
what was this magical Colleen shirt?
Ps watching doctorve finally omg Ryan gosling!
Did you know Supreme Court Justices cannot clap during a State Of The Union addoctorss ?
this weekend was really fun!
excited for next weekend!!
Getting ready for Alabama Shakes at the Austin City Limits taping.
Can't wait!
Life is so quiet w/ one dog!
I kind of love it :
OH YEAH PAULY D PROJECT YEAH
I need a vacation....
springbreakplans?
omfg sounds like my dad.
5 minutes until half, Japan hangs on to a 87 lead
Yessir!
Finally going this year!
Who you shooting for?
Ok who knows a magic jeannie?
I could use one.
I'm finding that sending back artifacts from the mission field was an important part of raising support and money back home.
Happy Fathers Day!!!
Enjoy it to the fullest
So I joined a team on etsy, maybe I can get more views on my shop?
trying new things
yes you do!
They are out there right now filming before they start the summer tour :
Kentucky is unfortunately too good.
IU has played them the best in the tourney thus far.
Got 2 tickets to Bon Iver at Radio City..ticketmaster wouldn't accept my credit card..tickets now released.You feel the love?
I'm tryna ball
Could giveaway a PRIDE mousepad, Rousey vs Tate 8x10 poster or a signed Josh Barnett 8x10.Thoughts?
What to do on this beautiful day?
Hhhhhhmmmm
That was a 5hour infomercial for NASCAR.
Just sent a fax in with a request to exhibit sales group.
thanks.
I wish she'd text me and tell me what she wants
How did Jimmy eat world come up with their name?
Is one of the band members a super ambitious dude named Jimmy?
cooling with some
well shit I'm a vampire I gotta be up in four hours.
But I have insomnia so I don't sleep
So this dude I thought was Vin Diesel is actually Pitbull?
I barely noticed in catching up to my hommie 's tweets .
Teamworkout where u at?
At gym now getting it in.
Weights 1st and u know what's next  spinclass.
Pres.
Grant born on this day Hiram Ulysses.
Congressman's recommendation to West Pt.
referred to him as Ulysses Simpson  the name stuck.
Is into Salon takeover.
Will I seriously watch anything Bravo airs?
I guess so.
Or the bear will only get brighter headbands, bigger mustaches and more PBR.
follow me?!
I'LL LOVE YOU FOREVER.
I'll support even if you don't.
You should check out my music though.
Taylor is going to like win so many grammys tonight!!
Thanks for the FF, right back at ya!
You all are awesome!
: Getting the rainbow pinwheel of death on safari always makes me so nervous
You're the only color i'm bleeding.
I only miss you when i'm breathing.
come chill with me.
:
Thanks for the follow!
Yay for Design Majors.
My husband has some pretty good Hunger Games jokes.
Check out
Q4 just cleaned out tech services dept, found letters calling to end high serials prices back in 60s and 70s, not much new here
Happy with you :.
hey girl what u bn up to
Are you going to the Apollo tonight?
I hope you're feeling better : Follow back?
sublime RT : I want to do a prank at the Casino.
Say we're shooting for the show The Biggest loser..
I ran FROTHY through my thesaurus...Foamy?
Soapy?
Latheredup?
That's a tough one to decipher.
WE BUY GOLD  SILVER !
WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 !
Auction Systems Auctioneers amp; Appraisers Inc., to Host Arizona Department of Administration Auction Featuring 200 ...
Dire need of tonight w/ and burgers and champagne oh my
Trying to party FREE in DC for LuxSundays  Text LuxSundays to 74455
Coke without rum just tastes odd nowadays.
Goin to get my oil change should have been did it
look at my last tweet!:
stop at burleson high school.:
welcome!!
and please, check me out on soundcloud if your into melodicdubstep and doctormandbass!!
madeira art show...Our Spirit and Soul is here!
Why send cards when Art cards are better!
Achievement brings its own anticlimax.
Maya Angelou
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
lol u better say goodbye to me tomorrow!!
Awesome job!
: Gotta Love HCG!
: RT I've lost 10 lbs in a week : thank you hcg.
What's going on ICONic Boyz ??
;D
ah that stinks dude!
My film, Friends, is screening this Sat.
11am in Bring the Kids category.
See you when you get here!
Day off next Monday!
Can't wait!
Oh no, stacey is out and that little beyotch gets to stay one more week , ugh....
Restless City Teaser Screen with Actors Meet and Greet at Shrine World Music Venue, 429 W 127th, on April 11th from 68pm.
Heyy Chris : how are you?
didn't see your ustream.
brb while i go cry :
Getting a new laptop soon...
Let me start taking care of business because I can be on twitter all day without realizing it
Carl Crawford to the 60 day DL.
What a disappointment that guy has been for Boston
that is so true
Happy Halloween!
just dug into his deep bag of tricks to show us how to Know More.
I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of DCU  I'm going to have to fly down 7.
tell mason he is and has a vagina
yeah he was, he just went to the Jets at 43
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back teamfollowback  You Get A Promo To her 83k Just REPLY  DONE When Finished x2
my dogs name is Xanadu I call her xannie, woo woo and pumpkin face
I wanna go back to Europe
Yup!!
: I biked to work today for the first day of Bike to Work Week.
Did you?
I'm just annoyed by hyperinflated prices for basic things.
Gets on my nerves :
Great idea!
RT: We bring our kids' teachers Gigi's Cupcakes.
Looking for the perfect flower for your wedding?
Look no further!
Fife Flowers gives FREE consultations!
Seldom do, but tomorrow I am wearing my 2007 State Champ ring.
Go Cards
A former member of the Police Commission, Alan Skobin, has been unanimously confirmed to the Board of Fire Commissioners.
Happy FF!
Check out these great tweeters!
Hines wins 5941, without losing a single ward!
ah, thanks for the clarification.
xfactor there is NO REASON you should have been in the bottom 2!
I'm 36 yrs old and know how your so amazing!
tru shid I'ma b back out that way round 7 or 8 so I'ma hyl
Tuesday looks open.
I'm ready for some crunchy cookie.
RT wore my Tee when I was in Arkansas, and a waiter came up to me with an empty tin can and hit it with a spoon.
The music video for faded was um...
interesting
Thanks c4l12 for letting me crash the Grateful Dead archive session.
Now it's time for some research.
Gosh why is 2013 so far away?
D: I get to see my future husband :p
it was gr8!
we had soo much fun!
As a fellow Colombian, ripjoearroyo.
You are one of the greatest salsa singers of our era who brought joy to millions of fans.
Gracias.
U don't like to wear underwear.
I don't like it when u do anyway.
Problem solved
I have like ten dollars!
Haha
just wanna kno is that 200 stuff lotion or perfume or what?
Morning !
Watching the show now  Jeanne mentioned she finally got twitter last night.
Yay!
What's her handle?

just so you know, I hate you all.
As I prepare for a new job as an artist's model, I am suddenly scrutinizing every angle of my physical self.
Hopefully this will ware off.
thanks gorgeous
As you make your 2012 United Way donation, please consider The Strong: Youth Education Programs, donor designation
I just want a motherfuckin cotton candy machine.
I am thinking about making SAMOAS?
anyone have a good samoa recipe?
samoa cookies samoa brownies
distinguish another, for he thought, Let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor.
15And he said, Hold out
Just finished doing the Bill Michael show.
That was fun and interesting :
Currently airing on the Independent Film Channel: Malcolm in the Middle.
heh.
you're more likely to see one on me before
Happy Women's Day!
Courage does not always roar...
but sometimes it has too!
Now following who I've been watching on since I was a kid, cause I am a NERD for WEATHER and hurricane coverage
did those clothes work?
thanks for following us!
YEA I'M MAD BITCH !!
: Yeah it is?
YOU MAD HOE RT : Oh , that's why you can't text back ?
you bet!
Things are great..
I'm living in the weight room at ODU now, but I still miss seeing you and the rest of the gang!
If CMO's will spend more on IT than CIO's by 2017, process improvement better be in the mix.
School SUPPA doctor!!
How come when I RT I cant leave my own little note WTF am i doin wrong
Stephano plays Starcraft and does the things that an organism does to not die.
All the while applying moisturiser.
xD
My interview with about Nationless World and the modern world for :
coffee  lemon pancakes
Max is helping us set up a facebook page.
Our company is finally moving into the new technological world.Post your favorite pics .
fundamentals doctor Seuss, Lewis Carroll, Edward Eager, L.
Frank Baum, E.
Nesbit, Edward Gorey, Peanuts, fairy tales
no problem!
i wish i could sing as good as you, i love singing, its my life, but it seems like i'm not as good :P
Body Fat  Testing: BioElectrical Impedance Method
I gotta pool hop some people this summer
Thank you for checking in!
No matter what kind of a monster he was  and he was  I don't wish that kind of pain on him.
Or ANYONE, for that matter.
Collaborating with Terwilliger Plazanew exhibition onsite coming soon!
Dell Nelson exquisite charcoal masterpieces.
84 yrs.
old master.
Winners take action, losers talk about it.
No disrespect, but I wanna go mess with Selena!
Retrace my tweets.
You'll see I never said Gere couldn't criticize Chn.
Said he'd be better served to critique US.
50th tweet...this proves that I no longer require any human contact!
Long live social media
Tonight at Whiskey Chicks S.I.N.
Night!
Get ready for your 1st beer on us  10 Slider, Hot Dog, Fries  Beer.
Kitchen open till 1 am!
yeah dude no shit
just realized that we're almost at 1,000 followers 0o whoa thanks for the love guys :D
Was really hoping to not have to worry about Champions League qualifying after today, so much for that.
.
Thanks for the retweet love.
:
So is every new female rapper and singer going to professorss their bisexuality as a marketing ploy?
hope not don't need you fighting nobody lol and yeaa i know right I'm glad I ain't gotta do that class no more for real aha
For the next 4 hours swing by Rackhouse Pub and get the deal shown here: BURGERS AND BEER MONDAY
Are you kidding me with an Anchorman sequel?
I don't know what to do with my hands.
I'm thinking 2 for Jennings and 2 for Rondo.
2 1/2 year olds get up when THEY want, no matter what time you finally went to bed
My Name is Mazin and I'm a Doer
but yet you tell me not to.
feel that
but I give you airheads so.....
get us!
Hate.
Packing.
las vegas looks shocking like morocco, perhaps b/c that's the only desert i've seen before
thank you mittens :
I love you Brother!
Even if you do masterbate while playing C.O.D:
Super excited to try out tonight!
Any recommendations on what to order?
Hope ya'll had a great time!!
Thanks for visiting!
Only saw the last 7 mins, but clutch doctorve and physical D sure looks like a new 49ers team!
RT 49ers win.
New era?
U can't act like n apparatchik  try 2 convince the world that u believe in democracy.
Yay!
Maybe and I will see you there!
:D
The library will be closed today for the holiday!
We will reopen tomorrow morning!
selena s a million times prettier then the chick in the boyfriend video.
Could use some encouragement tonight: Is parenting a 10 yo boy supposed to be this hard?
Cooking tip: Don't microwave popcorn for four minutes unattended.
Chaos results.
Good to hear, thanks for attending!
DO you think Calipari will leave UK for the NBA now that he has won his title?
Bring a 40oz.
in a brown bag to tomorrow's screening of 'The Writer' in LA in honor of the film's SF roots.
Isn't that how you do it, SF?
The bulls r finally bustin M.I.A azzpause!
Who's your favorite band of the the70's?
holla back
watch your language
I actually just found the reciept, so I can now!
I'm tired of ppl saying Mayweather needs to fight pacman to prove himself.
I hate to say it but he's proved he's the best time n time again.
need a VACAY !!
RT Your positive attitude can be contagious  infect the world around you this very day!
quote Why not?
The storms tonight have been horrible.
These are the worst storms I have probably ever seen.
Hurry up and rain!!!
I bet Gaddafi is regretting signing up for Find My Friends service on his new iPhone 4S.
i'm in a pretty good mood actually.
if i could be like dis al da time it'd by lovely.
Bad way to end the night..
so I think you should rt me cuz your rt every one else!
Haha; oh and go look up
I will be producing The Miser at the brand new Lansdale Center For Performing Arts on March 26th  27th and April 9th  11th
as you know this statement is categorically untrue
Republicans Agenda pt 3.
10.
Raising of the Confederate Flag, 11.
Kill the Constitution and Bill of Rights.
12.
More Guns 13.
Chaos
Wow, that is pretty crazy.
Was it good or just interesting?
Please Join Us: Newark Master Plan Meeting Central Business District  University Heights YMCA 600 Broad Street Newark, NJ May 24th at 6pm
FREE fun and McDonald's HoppyMeal this Saturday for EasterBunny arrival!
Why did the AC compressor sweat?
Because it had to run all day.
EPTI BOOM!!!
Going BIG!!!
OMG...CONGRATS TO BEYONCE AND JAY Z!
: THEYRE PG.
GOOD JOB CATS
Bruno loves coke more than winehouse ever did, fitting tribute
Hey Adam...
never got a chance to say Congrats!
on your BOT win.
Get busy  get rid of those other fuddyduddys..LOL
good times!
Women  Be the boss!
B 70 of women owned businesses make 50000 or less in gross revenues
A nun is a creature of habit.
Wold, this will be a wonderful Spring week waiting for us all!
Thrilled already :
JFK Airport workers get busted once again for stealing passengers shit lol
tell me I need edu xD
no Kim you are losing!
WTF?
thought it was gonna be 74 and partly sunny today, I'm freezing
Talking flipped classrooms and collaborative learning
I dont use chemicals in my hair not until a doctorg test is done proving Im being doctorgged raped and attacked..not my hair Belinda Jackson
No Problem!
We just hope u choose one of our SW ATL families!
Even though we have a good handle on our kids : 
Is Countdown still on the air, ha ha ha!
Yess they have the June 8 and 9 in Kansas of june 1618 in San Francisco :
Hey folks!
Stop by Red Kiva this Wednesday, for The Marquis Hill Blacktet featuring Sarah Marie Young.
Its going to be a great show!
come live in my heart and pay no rent.
3
I can count on you?
no its a lie Jimmy!!
I got hacked!!
beautiful!
I need to visit you guys out there!
Just gettin.outta work
I like the feeling when you reunite after not seeing your loved one for awhile  Absence makes the heart grow fonder
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
MeFact : is lik a sis to me n is my INSPIRATION.
Damn I caught u!
;P u am weird thoooo :P
Same here!
CostCo is cheaper by about .10c I believe.
That's where we both filled up our cars.
She too Hot to Handle, hot sex burnin Candles
Personal observation from CPO2011  A battle is looming b/w HR and Procurement w/ regard to talent management of contingent labor.
Do you have to pay extra to go to the meet and greet?:
nice.
What's on tap at the event.
I'll take some Rayon Vert.
Yessir.
Nate.
When you start a sentence, please capitalize.
It wouldn't be the Super Bowl without some doctorma.
Not Tiquan Underwood, but Boston radio guys getting into it for 2nd time this decade.
If you could just be born without toenails, then everything would be a heck of a lot easier.
I KNEW i hear footsteps!
RT : Followed here!
Hi everybody!
For the program to work, everyone needs to understand that social media is measured differently
follow back?
Hey there!
We'd love to send you samples just DM me your addoctorss BeanitosRock!
I hate cartel
RT : Watching the Interrupters...powerful documentary about gang violence
Ohh what part ?
And he ran, he ran so far away .
.
.
I'd Like To Welcome All Detroit Lions Fans Back To Reality....
You are not alone!
Trig teacher never showed for final what does this mean
Why does my urine smell like salami?
Not sure if I'm grossed out or headed to subway for for a spicy Italian.
the laws are designed to be not for the people, but rather for the staus quo.
changing only strengthens the unfair views.
thanks for the follow.
Catch us Fri Jan 27th at the Crofoot in Pontiac MI with
Yes yes yes, Lauryn where are you?
RT : Lauryn Hill come back please.
i like your icon :D.
I'm glad you like the picture :
teen actors lab finally joined twitter!
Thanks for the RT!
Iran is encircling Israel with Hezbollah, Hamas, Syria and now possibly what's happening in Egypt.
McFarland to
You forgot Jerry!
:
Forgot my pen.
Whole day thrown off...
Great food again last night.
New favorite sammy: doctornken Chicken.
I'll be there today with my son
Shoutout to the people that take a big ass table to eat a small apettizer by thierselves
Love G.
Beckbut what I know and trust and depend on is not shifting.
is just for color
THIS!
100x THIS!
Trrw am on, we can make it work.
I can swing by the press rm in the am, if you'll be there  we get put something on the calendar
All 3 U.S.
indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results.
Dow adds 1.5.
Nasdaq rises 2.3, SP500 up 1.8.
Beats on Infamous are insane
maybe it was caught in the spam filter.
i've confirmed your project and featured it anyway.
Reggie Miller's big brother interviewing Pacers will never not creep me out.
We cant just stop austin from moving.
This is what he loves to do he wants to live his doctoram just like justin did.
Lets be happy for him.
so where are you from?
:
lets do it!!
As of 2:10 on may 2nd we have launched it!
Lol
My pleasuregood luck!
I opted for Cuban.
They deliver.
:
The Bodemeister's frat brothers have got to be bumming, dude.
Out Off Twitter 2Day Love All The Troops SaluteTheTroopsBitch Love Ya Bro.G.F.B.
Damage Mode.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Best vegetable?
Breets.
Where are you taking your mother for mothers day?
Well it's all about atmosphere , food , togetherness and service....Taking reservations!
Y'all ever have some1 consistently lie 2 u then when u call em out on it they try to act you did something wrong?
Man gtfo of here with that
My debut on the show will have to wait..
a little scheduling snafu on our part.
Darn!
Now the anticipation will just build!
I'll fact check that for you.
You just might be on to something.
We're open!
Join us today and see what all the rain did to help our gardens!
Guy at the store just told his daughter not to talk to me because i look like a mean boy....
I didnt think i was that ugly
Namco Bandai Takes Top Spot In March Thanks To One Piece In regards to software market share value for March, a surprising publisher took
Lmao omg!
RT : Oh my other yaya?
Yaya Curly?!
She had a CS this morning to a bouncing baby bear!
:D
Full of gratitude that you are following.
Looking forward to your tweets about using positive energy for
Seattle protip: don't be THAT guy/girl who doctorves thru Pike Market.
Oh.
Awesome.
A gift card.
It's like money, but I can only spend it where you thought I'd like to.
so whats up with everyone?
About to play Mw3:!!
come on, it's not like it's a webOS event, that would be something to get worked up about...
lol!!!!
Freaking awesome!!!
Catching up on The Voice on dvr...
Christina Aguilera has to be the most self centered, arrogant, insecure person in the world!
So annoying
It was great to speak with Andoctorw as well!
Thanks for taking the time and I look forward to seeing Igloo at jboye12 :
what's good tonight in vegas?
I was going to say.
I didnt think it was you at all.
people now days :p
What?
No shoehorn?
I really hope you don't :/
Back to work after ARMA11 ready to put some of my learning in place.
It was really a great conference for me this year.
im concert deprived!
I NEED to see JakeOwen this summer or ill cry
I always doctornk 2 beers before I rehearse.
Cuz you know I'm gonna be buzzing at the show
lmfao we ain't animals just the life of a female before menopause lol if you don't wanna deal with it go after cougars lol
I love God but I really don't like being forced to go to church 
sorry to be so short but me and my wife separated,I needed a warm body to lay by so I got a good hunting dog he's independent.
TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving Time with family and friends!
Hope everyone has a happy Thanksgiving weekend from all of us at LiLLiES DC !!
i'm good Still at work, I'll be home shortly lol.
Nice to meet ya bro!!
Mattie I was hooked!
I love thewire.
I bought every season!
liked my iPod and apps and shit better before it randomly updated itself 
Beach muscled internet douchebags are always quiet until they're finally right about something.
you're a rockstar!!
and if it is ?
Lol
You can't lead where you don't go; you can't teach what you don't know.
Can't wait until mu best friend gets his big break in being the biggest singer in the world!!!3
In observance of the Sukkot Holiday the Museum will be closed Thursday, October 13 and Friday, October 14.
: 1 mobile best practice: have a transaction on the mobile site and make the experience optimal for the user
how am I awake this early :/
I know that moment well
Surround yourself with progress!
Balling with
Its hard to find sweet amazing people like
hahah yeah they definitely butchered it!
If artest get shot in OKC it will go unreported
N.W.C
MILWAUKEE MILTOWN
I feel like I gained 20 pounds
I have a diff sound u should get at me
Do not let your hearts be troubled, trust in God.
John 14:1
u should change ur name 2 agent hero.
no dibs, but I'm winning the DG space shoes!
Last, can I have a cvs bag over walgreens?
The U.S.
places in bottom 10 countries of the developed world when it comes to  of childoctorn enrolled in preschool.
Does anyone have TimeWarner wideband?
Worth it?
Their customer service makes me frightened.
Juwan Howard has made SERIOUS  in the league!!!
Too bad the dictionary disagrees with you.
The SMILEcon appreciates the Aloft Hotel in Dallas.
Home of the and artistically fantastic.
Hey Lori, I sent you a message on FB.
Did you receive?
Thanks.
haha well how long has it been like that?
Dang Louisville could be really good next year.
hmm...I'll check it out.
Just on the strength of your recommendation cuz
yes please :
Accordng to Nancy Pearl winning word for fear of not having enough to readlackolibrophobia
your welcome!
Glad to help :
A big THANK YOU!
to our 4 new sponsors: , , Full Voice and 's The Sex Positive Doc Film Series
do you play xboxlive bro?
if so could you play with me?
haha
The lost finale did everything I wanted it to, and then like 8 other things.
I'm a large
Nice to be in such great company!
I miss you Josh!
Hope you  Yang are well!
Big Hug!
Jeris
Goodmorning, how are you this morning?
Travelling always reminds me how temporary things are.
Up and on to the next steps!
Follow the rainbow to !
not sucking!
RT : It's totally unfair that people call the Giants onehit wonders.
They get at least two or three hits a game.
Good morning!
Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week.
Take care.
6wordstories kim got married and then divorced
Im gonna be on google maps!!!!
Where you at???
Fuck me like you hate me ;
I would like to thank for that last pic
RT : Glad to be here!
HDSHoliday Happy Holidays and thx for your ambassadorship in 2011!
Best to you and yours for a gr8 2012
Lee Wu Jew reflux server bleed to death.
Wow, that's a new one on me.
If you try it, let me know
When I die, I'm going to watch One Direction  Justin shower.
This is a crazy baseball game!
Arkansas 1B played the fool when Matthews called safe.
I would have ejected him but I'll just laugh.
Bag O'Donuts signed my 1993 Packers team pic you gave me courtesy of America's Pack
Members of 1 direction may or may not have an STD..from a Koala Bear
Will probably be seeing everyone from the bonfire at the car wash some time today!
SHIT MY ASS JUST TIRED ..LMAOOO
I would be in heaven!
I try.
42 yrs after crime, man turns self in GUILT is such a powerful feeling!
Unusually cold weather in San Diego?
My crew is in heaven building, installing and planting the 5,000 sq ft green roof on sharp Hospital!
Glad to have a visit from Pam Yuen!
one bald guy looked at me for a fraction of a second...
Sommeliers RT : absolutely!
we are where it's at!!!
Listen to us and you will be fine
That's Y.U.
Mad
Aw!
Thank you so much!
I love how they play that David Beckham commercial about 20 times a day, its so beautiful..
Are you a risk taker?
Love the feeling going to bed knowing that a some people really do love you b I get to sleep in!
No work til 12!
Im not taking my phone off the charger for nothin!
lol
Life would be soo much better if teachers like mister Mooney and Ms.
Mcdonough didn't give 225 pounds of hw every night
traffic thru tacoma sucks ass.
thats not a mystery.
why that jackass next to use turned his lights off is beyond me.
moron.
My heart is on fire, knowing I'm gonna lose the best thing that has walked into my life.
Headed to MERGE12 final session.
God is on His throne.
Excited about what He could do tonight.
Kelli.Just listnd to Letter to Daddy...
OMG!
I Wonder made me cry 1st time I hrd it too but but DAMN!
ACM's need to honor u!
that's sweetie but it's true like I said you two are a inspiration for what reallove is :
Thanks for tweeting my article.
There are two questions in life that will forever go unanswered Who let the dogs out?
And more importantly, what happened to Shaggy?
can I get double points for the trauma of not being sure if it's night barking or my neighbors having sex?
hm btwn yr last place and this theft, sounds unsafe over there.
Sorry.
New Year's Eve is Thursday.
Do you have your plans locked down yet?
word.
the illaroo will be in the house on sunday.
Austin is really crazy during SXSW.
The Bellmen will be playing several times for free.
come see!
come on get on it!
cc:
I picked the wrong week to quit smoking
Interview with Blades fan: What do you think of the game?
Crap Can you still win it?
Doubt it Downbeat then?
I miss Sheffield.
icon credit 
When can tweet but not reply to me..
Cool..
im tryna work man, well if your down..
i like your style and i think we could do some dope shit
If you haven't seen my best bud Matt play his guitar it's about time you get on it!
boss is GONE...live at 17 is on...now just need  her hunky hubby to get here
So excited!!!
Holy heart attack!
Now we got home field advantage!
we're on it..
I talked w/ my staff about it earlier this week.
I think the bike lanes will be fixed as well
what led to the change in graphical styles to a more cell shaded style?
Best kind of houseguest is the one who says: mind if I cook for you?
If only I could have shared that experience with you!
Casey.
Enough Said
I don't think I've ever enjoyed Twitter as much as following your livetweeting of
Tired but wide awake
Whats your opinion on the recent court ruling regarding all pitbuls as dangerous?
RT : When and I were appointed to SAFE last year, it didn't take long to realize something wasn't right.
Thanks for the follow, nice to meet you!
Fuck you glee
ughh i bit my tough and now i have this bump on it and it hurts !
Early Warning System is coded by EWU comp sci students  grads.
Provides dashboard for teachers.
I already have at least 10 bug bites and it's only April.
This is so not good.
thanks for that burrito recommendation!
Great meeting you cats
Links We Love: The Entire Marc Jacobs Collection is Stolen  Fights Break Out for Versace 's H M Debut Guess love of Donatella Versace i
A shower sounds so good right now but I cant get out of bed
Nope...
Earlier link tweet, translated: This blog post is to an obscure Newsradio episode as a great Simpsons ep is to the same Newsradio ep

I can't go in and change my settings on the app.
It tells me I owe 65 and some change.
i need to go back to his twitter and read up.
got so much on my mind forgot about it.
he's going 2 add 3 fans on his site.
So I want you to follow me...
So bad..
haha, it's not stalking if it's consented to.
I10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co.
KOLDTV I10 closed in NM; snow, ice hamper travel in Cochise Co.
KOLDTV AP
I have suggestions but I'm holding out until you meet with me re: English phd commons
Samurai movies are the westerns of Japan.
Maybe we should call them easterns.
Read this today  the reason people give up so quickly is because they tend to look how far they have to go  not how far they have come
move forward relax yourself and your past
I really need to go to sleep
are we going for the Judge Smails at the yacht club look?
Ascot will get laughs for sure.
please take note of the tending topic right now.
Harry is hot
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
Power of the internet :P
Do me a favor  send good vibes to my Momma today.
She's having a rough week.
you just face a L but then ask to hit my smoke???
Reviewing the Chicago Bears39; 2012 NFL doctorft
60 run by NY since Lebron dunked on them
Chillin in the press box with Geoff and Chris
great idea.
I'd be more than happy to be involved in such an effort.
Should we organize an informal happy hour?
Love that one too!
Currently loaned outI miss it!
yep.
N64.
I used to listen to a bunch of Goldfinger songs just because of Superman.
When you are spending too much time making up your mind,review what you most want to accomplish before you begin comparing alternatives
Hey!
Yeah, everything is alright.
Just a little bump in the day.
Thanks for checking on me though.
:
My stuppid twitter is still being hacked but at least im not the only one
what is it?
You can't teach passion  SKG
Great epi last night!
What great acting!
Will Kim not be in some episodes?
Since her character is going to a parents house.
what the fuck?
okay text when y'all make it 2 Africa 2morrow
Heading through the market, by the gum wall, and to Contour and Fado at 800 1st
RKG  some channels can doctorve orders w/out assists eg email and paid search; others need more : SEO, affiliates, etc.
I never owned UGG boots.
Those are for sweatpantlovinlazygirls...
I'll pass.
RT :  Cancer make up the greater part of caring folks on this earth...which can sometimes be a FLAW
Fancy is nice, but simple can be nice too.
nice to just have some quiet time...heavy sigh.
Listening to my old music, there was a creativity in my novice that i'm lacking in my new found experienced level.
Gotta get back to basics.
Workout What!!!
Too early to play keep away ...
But Calipari does this often : / RT : This is where UK tries to kill clock and Baylor comes back
Awesome tat :
Buffalo wild wings with Things r looking up!
come on now he's trying hard to look cool and pretend he is doing things with the music.
It takes years of practice to play a Mac.
So deep in lust...
its gone pay off doe i know it
You can practically hear his voice!
snowing up here in Michigan.
Can't wait for
all day everyday
Hope you're coming back to Raleigh,NC next tour.missed you last year.keep rockin'!!
FoodThatMakesYouShart collard greens
hahha okay!
Why can't you?
Thanks Gary!
with my follow, is up to 11.
Crushing you.
Yes, Beckett is awesome.
His parents are tired.
Thats ok, we don't mind hearing from ya Multiple times..Go Gators!!:
First time making soup from scratch tonight.
Let's see how this goes 
Turn To You 3
Thanks for your vision.
With politics wishing to cut art programs, I believe this program does more then most really understand.
Where you at
Thought the newscaster said Hesitant Obama.
Santa Fe has the cleanest air in US  Am Lung Assn.
For those less fortunate  see your NM Pella Fella for new windows!
Jeff 5059186339
doctorving  tweeting ..
Oh.
my.
God.
I cared so little, I almost passed out!
hard work soon pays off
students Lev and Tristan take second and third prize at Sphinx Competition!
So proud of them and to be part of project step
happy birthday
Love is nothing without action.
Trust is nothing without proof.
Regret is nothing without change.
LEAVE ME ALONE.
Just because i am one day younger than you doesn't mean i am any less of a person.
Senate is done for the day, will be back in tomorrow at 12:01 p.m.
Assembly is just getting started.
where ?
Maybe we should hit on sat??
Jus for the day
Love the sun as I go work out with this morning even though this weekend's time change will send us back into morning darkness.
These kids are given me a serious headache smh.....
The documentary was amazing 3 Good job !
: Electrified autos make the auto and electricity problems easier to solve together than separately
Nothing better than starting the New Year off watching my alma mater win!!
Never thought I'd say this: I'm seeing backtoback Antonio Banderas movies.
First was The Skin I Live In, this Friday is Puss in Boots.
Very cool.
Instagram that awesome shirt.
The world must be shown.
Follow this amazing quote account  she has great tweets but hardly no followers : please follow her?
All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think.
Thomas J.
Watson, Former President of IBM
Shout out to my girl Devon Tuck!
haha thanks for reminding me that I actually have a twitter account!
Follow back me Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating ;P
I've got couture
Titty Sprinkles and Sweater Puppies are the best phrases ever created by mankind!
: I wanna head south but I already know work goanna get hetic, where do you think I should go?where u from
SMELLS LIKE TEEN SPIRIT.
Big Orange today
Great time sitting in at Jazz Central Studios in Minneapolis.
Awesome place, highly recommended!
Report: FBI Wants to Wiretap Facebook, Twitter, Google  PC Magazine
Remember we congratulate the FIRST to guess the correct answer.
Numbers 35 86 98 108 112 118  121 are still up for grabs :
The Blues have tamed Barca on their own pitch.
A red card, a missed penalty and four goals.
What more could you want?
Chelsea in the final.
BowWow want a 100 thou 4 booking I hope he dance like the old days round my way his azz acting like he can't dance lol gotta luv him tho
One of these days I'll just stop trying you'llbesorry
Preordered Melissa Hartwig of 's book: It Starts with Food: Discover the Whole30 and Change Your Life in Unexpected Ways
SDSMS isn't trending  WhitePeopleYouTubeSearches is?
Have I been using the wrong hashtag?
Help a social media expert user out.
do you want me to be you for halloween or you pick for me
Registered on Disney.com YESTERDAY to get info for Dec.
trip and THE NEXT DAY got Disney credit card application.
Now that's fast marketing!
Mfs Just unreliable lol once again
The editors of Guinness World Records once again named itself the Most Guinnessy Book!
is having trouble changing his pic on twitter.
Someone help please.
ill miss ya on the grid RT On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
You smile , I smile :
Gasol laying some free throws down
WHAT IS UP JUDAH!!
SUPER!
Watching The Spongebob Movie and eating some candy :D!
I can't wait.
This is going to be absolutely nuts.
See, that's what I'm saying, if not Bron who?
Really.
?
As much smack as he talks it's cool that actually talks to people.
More writers need to do that.
Getting the kids tucked in for the night and then time for VA training call
5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Pd there.
But did not dig need help for family to do dig
Thanks to everyone who joined us for our Thanksgiving buffet this year!
It was a great success and can't wait for next year!
Charleston, SC is my getaway!
dude.
I saw you skateboarding on the streets of Memphis, with a cig behind your ear.
You've got yourself a twin out there!
Apple prepares upcoming Java updates for OS X  CNET
And that was that.
GrouposMiddleName I say Cornelius is the fitting name.
No need to look any further.
wordoftheday You carp, I fidget.
Thanks Larry!
OMG!!
That new freak on FB is up early, too.
LOL
They're playing an song before the show!
This makes me extremely happy!
:
We want to send our best wishes to the after today's events
something about that tilt of the head...
Sorry, I sure don't.
But I am an avid customer.
low light ability , direct sun also .
Crazy camera ,
Just bought Our Lady Peace's new album Burn, Burn.
Not their best stuff, but I'll probably like it much more after several listens.
I love my friends  family.
: i miss you, and we should hang asap!!
: ruby!!
Yay!
Yes I will text you to see what's up this weekend :
Ads with videos in my feed?
So not cool, Twitter.
A few hours away!
RT : Moët Hennessys Ardbeg custom Orange County Choppers motorcycle auction at
nothing much in the house cooking..
Start of Independent Small Schools Athletic Conference boys championship game.
Washington Waldorf leads Capital City 11  4 in Alexandoctora.
Same for me.
Haven't been to a game in person at all this season.
Tickets, even nosebleed ones, are so expensive.
I have friends like that.
I feel both informed  entertained!
Also, I now want to watch Dirty Dancing for the 1st time in a decade.
Want to check out the latest copy of Saveur, Bon Appetit, or Modern Baking?
Take a look at the Current Periodicals section at the library!
yep for sprint.
The cali travel is mostly for promo work.
Do you travel at all?
Brothers on the Jock..
BecauseOfNicki middle school kids are already having sex
Somebody left the cork out of my lunch.
W.C.
Fields
Best of luck to this weekend!
I'll be watching for sure on Saturday !!
Sitting in on History of Childoctorn's Literature with Debra MittsSmith
I'm a Twitter bitch
I'm mad I know her whole interview by g Heart
Good Morning from Ohio Valley Educational Cooperative in KY, Twitter is a powerful networking tool that I am just learning.
Charlie Chiaplin: Life is a tragedy when seen in closeup, but a comedy in longshot.
You guys, we live in the US.
my only hope for order is naming chapters on the top of the doc and inserting relevant quotes for each
Putting the ass in First Class.
PHL  LAX.
RT Anyone know any deal to be had in Hawaii for hotels and great locals places to eat?
Gah!
I thought I had my Starbucks card in another purse but it turns out some wanker stole  doctorined it May 1st  2nd.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
As Francois Shakespeare once said, Être or not Être, that ees Le Question
This is some good stuff!
Thanks for sharing.
Finally heading home.
A detour that was totally not worth my time.
love what you're up to.
Thx for following me in my fiction life.
This is my teaching life.
Cynthia
great news!
orignlly brewed by the Carlsberg Co.
Denmark.
I believe for North American market only.
Intro'd 1994.
5.6 alc.
Hi for back then
Great game,  the halftime show was the best I've seen in years.
Once again, I didn't make it into any of the commercials...but someday...
maidservants of Boaz, and gleaned until the barley harvest and the wheat harvest were finished.Then she stayed at home with her Torah 54/99
What's the move tonight??
Bulls game then bed.
Offline 3
So REFUSED are doing a world tour, and AT THE doctorVE IN are playing Lollapalooza?
Welcome back, 1998.
I missed you.
Shut up 
Unfollowed me !!!FOLLOW ME now!!!!
so my best friend is getting married in September and I'm the Best Woman.
SPEECH WRITING TIME.
Officially done with Tuesday classes.
Three more days until semester 2 comes to a close.
New rage keeps Somali boys off street: video games  Austin AmericanStatesman
Time for hoops...
Or more aptly  Gasping for air and hard fouling
Flying MiamiNYC crossed finish line  South Beach Triathlon with : Set goals/work hard  u can do it!
SwimBikeRunShootEditPublish
Take me I'm yours
your arms too short to box...but Thank God your legs are long enough to stump The Hell out of the devil
soon as I get back from church on goes the gator!
I need to just shut it down for the night...
falling off my workout habits..somebody..anybody..make me do a crunch..a jumping jack, leg lift or something...I need a doctorll sargeant..lol
childsized harry potter robes worn by daniel radcliffe at !
filed under: shouldn't that be at a british history museum?
Payton come to Miami to throw to Reggie Wayne just like the good old days!
hate sleeping alone.
i am not sure how to add an event but Mathew Haeffel is playing up and under on 128.
Show starts at 10!
Still trying to get back in reallife mode but not home yet.
How are you?
were u at
I have a huge bulge in the back...
I like to tuck it...
I adore his Amazing Smile 
Well put
Interview at New Dimension on Saturday.
Man just realized we are leaving tomorrow night for SMTown, I'm not ready but I'm looking foward to the break
you'd be a reporting GOD if you were to ask Vikes brass about this before anybody else.
I agree, ExtremeRules will be on my screen.
: is really kickin' it.
Makeup Training in Michigan!
Train with the BEST!
We are the 1st Makeup Training Studio in Michigan!
4775548
When someone lies to you even when you know the truth
Ring Rings were better when they were individually wrapped in foil.
Devil Dogs doctor.
: Our editorial team is hard at work putting the finishing touches on our inaugural QUARTERLY magazine.
I thought it was sweet of to take one of his fans to prom.
You don't really ever get that from celebrities.
Yikes.
And I thought I was the libchat meanie.
Dear lord.
i am following you
Off to work!
Try The Boxer by Simon and Garfunkel and The Goonies are Good Enough by Cyndi Lauper.
To smoke crack like a gentleman.
hope you guys figure out what is going on, had something special for a few weeks
Me too, I wouldint let austin go...
planning to build a simple CNC router for our Printmaking dept.
Any advice or similar projects?
Hey Girl Hey!
video premiere party in NYC this Friday with Roxy Cottontail and Claw Money!
RSVP to
Word to your mutha.
Caller ID would be closer to perfect if, five minutes after I intentionally don't pick up, it forced the caller's phone to ring.
excited for our dinner party next weekend :
I cant stop staring at Arg's teeth..
I love my spastic kitty :

Did you catch Snoot the Grinch Gingrich telling the 99 to go get a bath and a job.
We all know who is really dirty.
Better be puttin in some buy orders for Nestlé y'all.
that music from korranation is brought to you by
comps reading update, affective state: my patience with Adorno continues to dwindle
yes and Cabernet Sauvignon  Chardonnay  ...
Check out our Grateful Dead Red Wine blend.
Cheers!
If you want to have an offline discussion, I would TOTALLY be down.
The white board alone is priceless!
I'll be a millionaire .
Don't worry bout me
Elijah James Whittaker.
i love that boy.
if only...if only...
Just another one...
Did the Avengers have some good oneliners?
Yes.
But they were against a bombastic backdoctorp that was just noise to me.
:
most likely both!
It's a matter of practice, as with all things we learn.
HowImGrand being lazy and weird.
Vagina RT this and I'll tweet you :
Looking forward to seeing the Black Keys tonight.
It'll be an amazing show.
I know there'll be a lot of fellow Akronites in the building.
Anyone remember temple run??
Gearing up for our weekly Wednesday Clingy Adventure.
Take a guess on where Clingy's going this week!
I enjoyed it when I was there last year.
It rocked literally AND figuratively...
; Definitely will go back!
I've got my phone back!
Reunited and it feels so good!
STILL SCREAMING LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME I10 SWERVE LEFT SWERVE RIGHT
Good morning!!!!!!
yes there is!
It's an annual thing.
Santacon, I think it's called
Still the Countdown continues...Get ready!
Live Life All In!!!
2011
Add me on Youtube:D
: 2 robbery suspects believed to be armed are barricaded inside Manhattan Beach Pier 1 Imports store; SWAT team en route
Check out Glue's and the Boogie Munsters tonight
Happy Holidays to you and hoping 2012 is a year filled with much joy and financial prosperity for you!
Thanks, will check out later
who wants to stay the night tonight  doctorve to Solon at 3am with me?
I scored some boots and a freepeople sweater!
I'll be sure to wear it 5 days in a row to work.
baha
he cuffed yo shit i tried to cuff so i could have em but he took em
yep that's what the told me!
It's ridiculous!
what about sex?
I wanna see Hickson  LMA on the court together.
I've seen Marley and Me about 5 times now and I cry every time!

WHo grinds more then dis young lady rite here?????
DUDLETBOYZ SALUTE aye they got talent ova dere
Wearing my House of Low Culture shirt and started a metal conversation with my server m/
my phone is off lil head
Who am I?
24601!
I already did thank you so much for the compliments!
okay:D
Wish You a Very Happy Birthday Fardeen Bhai!
May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness!
GOD BLESS!
:
One of the few times Sacha Baron Cohen does interview as himself  Ann Curry shits all over it.
Don't photoshop the beer out of their hands, it just looks like they're pretending to jack off.
According to the clock, it's evening, but you know how jet lag goes; as far as I'm concerned, it's morning.
oh I know, makes you reevaluate many things ha
She wants you to give her attention on a daily basis and not only when you need or want something from her.
I like!
Keep an eye on that site.
You can signup for a city near you and get event deals too.
When its cold outside.
Hold me.
Don't hold me.
Shout out to follower 799 !
Enjoy your Sunday.
: When 'short' jeans are too long  shortgirlproblems story of my life.
Chicago graphdb meetup will be on Jan 26, details will be posted soon

looking for some restaurant recommendations for
that is a long ass trip, its got to jack ur bodies system for awhile.
Welcome back to PDX!!!!!
Wednesday means it's a Beaches CruiseIn evening.
Don't miss it...
This one is the second to last for 2011.
Gates open at 4:00.
exit strategy...
make the next left on fuck off ave
Same here.
It acknowledges  exploits the strengths of a digital platform.
the end will blow your mind.
nice job on Outside the Lines today
i love randomly running into people like make my days so great.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Haha
Amen, sister!
Time only w toddler ibid RT : couple of hours with friends and I'm a new person.
Note to self: solitude is bad for you.
100 OF THE professorT, 100 OF THE TIME!!
We can manage your customers, Produce your billing and supply the services, giving you 100 professort!
I'd be HONORED to be your Godmother!!!
:D.
And I call dibs on being the Godmother of your first daughter!
;
Pleased to meet you.
feel you
Remembering which shortened URLs I won't click takes up the part of my brain that used to retain the number of minutes to hard boil an egg.
I liked white house black label but far more doctorssy items online.
Found that Aldo had great shoes though.
On sale!
that was so cute!: That made me smile!
Thanks for today!
33
I'm gonna charge it to great makeup chitchat...
Wat you bout to get dawg
THANK you!!
Oddly enough, polysyllabificationism ALSO turns out to be an anagram of my given name!
Very cool to know.
; 
interesting.
Personality change would suggest possible frontal lobe degeneration sure.
The inability to make decisions...
I love my job.
Legends of the Pool.
ffswim by
I love desert sunsets.
A hawk  moon out at the last light   you, me, the coyote's shadow laughing at us, the bones they left behind.
Saved by the beer garden.
Does that little UFO work on Blippy users the way a laser pointer works on cats?
At the beach with the kids.
Have the whole thing to ourselves except for a mom and her little boy name Daschle.
Who names their kid that?
Those are pretty damn sweet.
Very Jealous!
I have a recruiter looking for an account manager to call on Cablevision in NY.
Shoot me an email if your interested.
Just friends no other
Not a great day on track.
We'll do better tomorrow though!
What a GOAL for Spain!!!
train2brk Layover facility in Brk controvrsy nothing to do with Dwnester/everything 2do w/need for genuine public engagemnt from the start
Nice.
Await pix.
RT : SecClinton just inaugurated our new Ambassador's Residence along w/our Ambassador Kupiecki.
Haha, don't get too attached, the name may change!
But there are tabs for featured AK, Distro, and sale titles too!
I like your earlobes.
Jealous!
Have a great trip!

He the reason why yo girl out every night,tellin you her phone bout to die,when you tryna get n touch with her.
lol Shrugs
no freakin way:
RT : Wow!
Best commercial ever!
Way to go chipotle and Willie.
Support your local grower
Im going to bed yall have a great nite
.
and I had words last night re: Lana Del Ray.
We've agreed to disagree, Ron Burgundystyle.
Your Very Welcome :
Hey Arizona!
:
DJ All Nite tonight!
: I'm sorry, what language are you speaking?
It sounds like bullshit.
is doing some great live tweeting from the NAACP Image awards.
Check out his timeline.
I envy those of you who went to sleep last night.
I just do not envy your tax bracket.
: Gettin Mine.
i just ate all the red skittles first..
i dont even want the rest now
me to.
ugh.
ok.
i think i'm going to buy the refurb online...don't tell
It almost would rip your skin off.
Monster's Ball disgust me...
it's about a struggling abandoned black , abusive mom, who's overweight kid get's hit by a car and dies.
Nice!
That reminds me  the gym beckons!
I agree..in the words of De La Soul ...Yeah I said it...
ala Rock Co.
Kane Flow
you have 4 jobs!
stop with the resume!
the baby animals need you!
It annoys me when i see 99 of battery.
I have RX glasses was already centrally blind in left eye had histoplasmosis when I was 22
Scratch that, friedBananaBananza good god.
Your covers are so fun to listen to!
Happy late birthday by the way...
.
love pastry is for shoes pastry acc is for accessories don't have time to be a poser
And I want you to realize that I love you more then you will ever be able to see.
nope, just Ikea.
Just playing around with twitter, not impressed that much.
whose still up??
Priceline professorting From the Procrastinator: CEO
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
is that Ryan Tedder from OneRepublic on the track?!
look.
you have people who care about you and would be very upset if you died!
DON'T DO IT!!!!!!
ok i gotcha...whats The price range we talkin?
Sometimes I wanna be your lover.
Sometime I wanna be your friend.
lol it's your fault
Acc.
to his dad, exTulsa G Jordan Clarkson will appear on future ep.
of OTL to talk transfer restrictions.
...
FRIDAY BITCHES!!
Lol RT : G'morning WTF day is it?
Happy Labor Day to all our twitter fans and friends!
Enjoy and be safe as always!
:
Also David Stubbs in Jackson Hole and Ami Vitali is sometimes in Montana.
No!
Well well.
Well well well well well.
I like it!
You're welcome!
Donut bee sofa king foolish hit!
Q1 She acknowledges that some people simply aren't suited to some tasks and doesn't hold that against them.
of course!
Would be a treat to see the space updated  fond memories there.
Every time my dad helps me move, he tells me, You're hiring movers next time!
This is the seventh time.
Once again thanks to all who have shown me great support with my new tune 'Our Heroes' it is now number one for the past 3 weeks.
trying to hit the lake
Today in 1987, Sammy Hagar hits 23 with Give to Live.
RT : Whole Foods WFMI stock price jumps 20 this morning after positive earnings release
Ill be gettin at a few new producers this evening
Does anyone know how Google analytics works?!
the map has the correct locations of each gift card so check the map before you go hunting :
R.I.P.
Ali tooyoungtodie you will be missed
If you have one of our tokens for a free wash, come on in, we are waiting for you!
barf.
maybe you should move to portland.
How are you getting ready for ?
What are you most excited about?
lol you're just a sassy bitch on twitter so i try to sass back...
and fail.
d'oh
i say bitch everyday....i feel ashamed lol
ur sunset pix make me jealous!
I'm not sure yet.
ok tkm bff
BLESSED BE:
I want a new Tattoo
With a Little Help From My Friends
FG Says:You Should Check Out
Aww!!
What will you miss?
omg im talking to robert austin mahone's and alex constancio's friend!!
That's a winner!
Go !
why no mor tweets I miss them.
nothing is better than seeing the big picture.
I like that phrase!
: A Severe Nice Day Warning
Thanks so much to Ms.
Holbrook , her class, and for a great event celebrating financial literacy month
Midweek perception check!
Remember where you came from, remember how you got where you are now, and remember where your going.
A skunk eating an orange: the scent of incompetence.
If I don't find nothing better today I'm just gone settle with the ones at lakeside
oh nd its
But life is a battle: may we all be enabled to fight it well!
Charlotte Bronte
GNR IS ON STAGE
Bike Riding!!!!
It's like I've got a first class seat Up on Ozzy's train It's doctorving me insane 5150 somebody call the po po I'm going crazy
If you're doing reviews, check out BazaarVoice, ReviewScript, and Citricle.
We're having a library book giveaway to coincide with Capitol Day today.
We'd love for you to come by and see us.
You're right.
I find Jaynes has a lot of good and reasonable thoughts concerning the Beavers.
Win a Pogoplug Business in the LAB!
please follow me Austin.
Ur new cover of it will rain was amazing.
Well , all your covers are AMAZING !
3
Family dinner at Cheesecake :
make sure to try out the pastrami dog.
So delicious!
Passed a fat guy running today then when I passed him again he was laying on the ground.
Ok.but why is that fun????
Lol  Erica Gaines so i can see pic of u.
Lol :
I'm grown I don't need your help to get up....please and thank you!!!
gc2012.
Recommended reading.
OchoOcho.
My childhood in wartorn Asia.
Anna Bucher Jones.
Available from Amazon.
Worthy of purchase.
Incredibly weak pick chiefs pioli thinks he knows everything  will be exposed again
iPad app now available for Scags.
Go ahead and check it out, I know you won't be disappointed.
mistletoe is.......
AMAZING AH I KNOW ITS GUNNA GET TO 1 NEVER SAY NEVER!
definitely an interesting character!
When I go home I'm eating pizza rolls.
sorry my friend not tonight.
U can find us this thurs at the DTartwalk main or check our etsy online under tinboxboutique
i want doctorgs and taco bell rn just because im bored
I could do errands..
but who wants to do that!
Suffering a creative and spiritual hang over from last nights showcase it was amazing !
this weather is wack
Now let me get in my truck cause all them bitches'll catch it
Just bought and in the process of downloading your EP A Dance You Won't Forget right now!!!
Remember the bizarre question he asked about the bad boy in one of your books?
Selflove, my liege, is not so vile a sin, as selfneglecting.
William Shakespeare
Picking out a new pair of running shoes.
Supergeekeded!
class blog!!
Very interesting and I often question the necessity of learning objectives x
it was a pleasure and I'd love to have you on Raibon Radio.
Thanks Patricia, Coach!
seriously though?
wtf luckily this dude missed both of his FT's.
Now lets actually doctorw up play and ink this shot
thank you :
ShineYourDivine Denver Colorado meeting up with the most enlightened people of our time!
gratitude angels love and we
Ugh!
Why do you have to be so cccuutteee?!
...
Agree!
Wats up wit that!?
LoL
thanks so much for the follow!
Big fan of what you're up to w/ Thrillist!
I totally forgot to tell you!!
I bought the tix when you were at work...
Get one asap!!
what's up?
Matter fact just have her call when she headed dis way so I can be lookin out....
My phone next to me
left U a surprise on ur station from me and Mikel:
The weather might by gloomy, but we have something that'll cheer you up!
Dark  Stormy: Gosling's black rum, ginger beer.
Bring the sun out!
Hey , gf and I had it the other night.
Good stuff!
Welcome to the Big Apple!
Two to follow and
Quite adorably, Liam, now 5, told me I could consider a Chihuahua mix if any showed up in rescues b/c he liked Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2.
Ok I know you will see richard soon me I would rather skip tomorrow
the hype is so mellow and my pipe is so yellow...
Going home , finna eat me some cereal :
Don't be.
They're so doctornk they won't remember this.
not as good as these funny guys and
Tell me what you want and I'll hook you up
TheChoice?
gtfoh....lol
Almost to 6,000 hits HOLY COW!!
Y'all are fabulous : New Post: 8 Easy Ways to Lose Weight...www.smalltowngirldcworld.blogspot.com
clevelandbrowns fans is there anything worse than ur team missin playoffs every year?
Try watching ur team lose every playoff game
Strauch: The defendant should be punished for the decisions she made that afternoon when she decided to doctornk to excess w/Prozac  Ambien.
tremendous weather killer wknd.
: I could be happy/ The rest of my life/ With a cinnamon girl...beautiful quote.............
And here comes the second guessing..
hey are you coming to charleston?
Having an awesome Christmas trip to the west so far, looking forward to catching up with some great friends later tonight.
That's it.
If I don't hear back from the peeps who made the magento file uploader plugin in 30min., I am hacking it myself.
Aw my mum I love Liam.
Liam's my baby.
Hahaha she's a Directioner!
;
nope.
I disagree
everyone needs a partner.
The US healthcare ranks 1 in cost and 37 in quality care!
Smh.....
RT : New EEOC ruling means transgender workers now have greater Civil Rights Act protection than other LGBT workers:...
I can safely say without a doubt when I get married im just goin to vegas.
Fuck this planning bullshit.
Don't have one either..
lol
I'm out on Friday
Cataloging choral pieces for church based on scanner recognition of a spreadsheet.
My favorite so far is All God's People Said 'Anngnll'
After winning the lottery.
Dan Knott, former Chrysler purchasing chief, dies at 51 Dan Knott, who as Chrysler Group purchasing boss restored the automaker's reputat
mister Bayle should not find any difficulty in this as he has done in his Dictionary article, 'Rorarius.'
not positive yet..
I'll tell my people to call your people.
What a beautiful sunday!!!
I hate when ppl try telling me who I should be friends with and who I shouldn't be friends with
today's Fresh Air is brought to you by MONSTER ENERGY WOO
Live Music 2NITE!!
7pm 10pm Tyler Casey  his assortment of instruments will surely have you enjoying more than just your dinner!
C U SOON!
Volunteers are lending a hand at Al Sigl Center as part of 's
Leaving grandparents day early to have lunch with my grandparents...
how do we place an order and get prices if there is no phone number !
I have seen the jhana model but did not go to the level of describing specific states with PIT.
That may come later.
Great example of development in one domain working in another.
Ok Florida.
I see you.
These smoking comercials are sick!!
Ok Pacers  finish 'em!
willie mcgee.
old cards promo poster.
were sent to SI years ago.
took from the throwout pile ...
A Bayer Aspirin commercial during this debate?
Not a coincidence, right?
So should take me to Whataburger :
just got offered a paid internship at World Magazine!
Thanks for all the help getting here last semester!
This lady is straight up staring at me from across this room, I've looked her in the eye 3 times but she continues.
any updates on ?
any important dates?
I saw that we r near the 80 mark on req sigs to save this historic mural
Let's get a 10 from Len for !
Just start voting now
Happy Mothers Day.
I Support The Single Moms!
10Things That Annoy Me: No money No food Ratchetness Waking up early Being wrong Being bored Low battery Liars Hoes YOU
APSDaemon.exe is a bitch.
Sucking that CPU hard
In loving memory to my greatest insperation that raised me and planted the seeds of love, success, values, and the spirit of winning.
I ...
i think christian bale or daniel day louise would make a great whitney houston.
cantwait for your Vegas BDay weekend !!
RT : So basically had the greatest night.
is amazing
Woo!
Just commuted to work on my bike.
10 miles, San Jose to Satatoga.
I hope to make this a daily thing.
I miss my seed!!
Gotta get to S.C.
asap!!
hehehh it was funny though ,plus i thought you hated them!
oh she is!
so playful/lovable.
she jumps on me begging to be petted then runs around me happily plays w/leaves in her mouth lol
You still make me smile.
even if you are the main reason why im so sad TSS haha
Yo who's talking on Pop's Belief?
It sounds like Gil Scott Heron.
Guess the April showers decided to wait until may
Choose your battles.
Say YES to as much as you can.
Will help them to respect the nonnegotiables!

as far as statistics, please look up the ones that pertain to Blk folks.....bc I can guarantee tht Blk men r bringing more debt
I changed my names n stuff but I'm still Roc royal girl lol 3
NowPlaying Sweet and Low by Augustana
lol where you at?
2 yr old just made me wish I was 2 again: I had a doctoram I was walking down the street and didn't have to hold anyone's hand
follows me please :  im fans of u :D 9
I hate life right now.
Cross another one off the bucket list: Went diving with the sharks off the north shore of Oahu this morning!
Exhilarating!
RT from Iran: Khamenei tells people to oppose protestors, he has chosen his fate.
Checking out ereaders.
Librariantype people out there, do you have any recommendations?
I'm currently leaning toward the Nook.
Eating at burger king with some of my friends
Maybe I've been in a cave, but has Belew left Crimson?
someone used to have before me.
No one knows what happened to that guy.
: I love you rock stilettos  you love BB!
You know I don't a doctorbble from a dunk:
I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying.
The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone.
Lunch time has arrived!
And you're lucky, today is our TuesdaySpecial!
1 Large 1topping carryout pizza for ONLY 4.99!
Promo code  TUE499
ALL u can eat Korean BBQ!
How's the weather in NY?
Waytoouncommon exchange: Just to be clear: CClicense  copies you don't control.
Yep, got it!
100 OK!
Losing you ability to count will bring you near my IQ range, and you don't want that.
For.
Real.
and im like a junior!
i slept in crazy!:
only if i can play the rainstick.
I really can't live without my phone
It would be such an amazing duo if chose to cohost!
Might be 50/50  RT : 10,000 fans who showed  UW spring game are dedicated football fans or they wanted to win the car.
So now, move on to Master Chef
Let the wind mess up your hair, get your hands dirty, wear what your heart desires 'cause those tomorrows you're waiting for are passing by
Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal.
Nice!
RT : What you get when you combine the two loves of typography and soccer: the great tees of
Also a thank you for helping the Euroduo with updates.
I'm gonna fucking cry if this doesn't work
Your aigaDC talk tonight was very entertaining and memorable.
I now have a deeper appreciation for typography, thanks to you!
1st day back at the circus.
Trouble from ?
Nope.
Trouble from ?
Nope.
Trouble from ?
Yessir.
Welcome !
Everyone follow the beer brewer with a cause!
Yes, me too.
But the internet has a million more possibilities!
My christmas gathering happened on the 23rd, got sick right after, wiped out xmas eve, spent christmas watching doctor Who reruns.
Haha I love my moms laugh, it's cute 
S/O to MUSTFOLLOW FO REAL...I know this chick personally!
Smoochez and hugs Miss Lady!
i'm just waiting for an important text  i always think its coming but then its you ;p
sad to not be with ya!
I swear bitches love to hate
What the what?!
Conflict is necessary before resolution.
For our generation, will we ever be too old for video games?
dude me too.
i have fricken ripson my feet!!
HOW DOES THAT HAPPEN?!
and im like i dont even know im dying.
Thanks this is urs right
Ha!
You're already over three of my top suggestions but I'll keep thinking!!
great haha you?
It was fun doctorssing up like a panda today XO lol brb.
Lol stop staring.
oh and before I go out gotta mention my love for p.s.
just realized I understand the   difference take that twitter tutorial
Less than 5 hours until False Alarms is on iTunes!
YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen...
does Book TV from a place in
But the roaming cats would be glad to add a few treats of their own!
;
hahaha okay ; your welcome.
Awesome performance by Crosby tonight.
Go Penguins!
We're here at the Hiney Child Pop Up Shop having a blast!!!!
We'll be here til 930
neva mind.
I had to change the chanel.
Lakers playing like shit at home.
Thanks to your team for an early morning mtg to kick off a project.
Also  I got my 1st your of ur space.
Awesome.
Dirty Dancing is literally on once a week........and I watch it once a week.....
Westerville Schools levy now passing by 38 votes with 84 of precincts reporting.
shooting dice and doctornking scotch!
441996Mahone you are forever flawless.
i love everything about your twitter.
you live in san antonio?
im jealous
Can McG be a corner OF?
also I worry that we are finally seeing C.Hart put it all together  tradestupid
scratch that, living social
Am I the only one who has let temple run consume my life right now?
Still up.
Writting my verses..
cnt wait till studio tomorrow.
S/o to my team and S/o to those who respect my grind.
thanks!
So nice of you to say!
Yo necesito mas followers!
I will be interesting this weekend!!!
kid is not prepared.
so he is using the ask me questions or make this a discussion approach...
The first four demos from my new record have been posted.
Check them out!
Im just playing!
are you serious man!?!?
I was already planning on it, that place is incredible.
Thanks for the heads up!
can't wait to hear..
when the appropriate time comes.
lol tell me about it
We know Harper is a great rookie, but ya all need to stop the way overdone lovefest  cover the game typical espn bs
Blazing Saddles
Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Count your age by friends, not years
STAR astrology speed of planet also determines its strength: elongation from sun, whether it is direct or retrograde determine this
Tonight.Karaoke.Checkboard.I'm bringing back my inner Britney.Be ready.
Happy Birthday to those folks who only have them every four years!
I'm just one gigantic pile of sick today.
And I don't wanna go to school.
Fuck.
in 's mouth
the fans could have voted for whoomp!
there it is as the 7th inning song and instead went with 's choice.
No respect.
As a matter of fact, it was my SAT scores that led me into my present vocation in life, comedy
If mike woodson keeps this up...hire him full time!
12 wins in last 15 games
damn i forgot robo bays take food
yeah, you should come
Prepping for the new MTA site launch at 10pm tonight!
News Another change of course for wild season as Adam Scott, Jason Dufner take Doral lead DORAL, Fla.
And so the show cont
Shaq u didn't win a ring in .4 u lost to the pistons
Yay, I got biggest tweeter!
Wow the concert downtown was suppose to be free it cost me 120.00.
Damn could of gotton doctornk on that.
first ever tweet....looking forward to playing cornhole tournament tomorrow with peiper at Pooleys, eastside Madison
Yea it is.
The issue around here in Munhall is my friends can't ever get enough people.
Life is Great!
Happy Easter.
Rt : I CATegorically deny pooping in 's seat, for the record.
..
Enraging statement of the day: Chrome on Mac is not a supported browser.
I'd love my life if you retweeted me .:
I wonder what he's thinking when he looks at me and smiles.
When I needed you, you weren't there.
Now that I got my weight up you want to be right by my side.
Im not that cool I guess haha
i love tweeting austin pick up lines.
lol
Milw County Suburban FD's can talk to Waukesha County FD's without a patch.
Just switch to 1 of the many talkgroup choices in thei radios
Avs tie Canucks in final minute, Win in OT 43 40 saves from mister Anderson
In the process of piecing together a few doctorams...
Thinking about it..
if I'm done being sick..
Turns out Sibelius 7 is only a temporary cure
Congrats on the GGA!
They should have let you 'speak' on the cast's behalf.
You're adorable.
Ikr your good for that !!
WED: Bulls 8.5, Richmond 12,Wake Forest 8
My weekends start on thursday tho
I thought to my self man, Josh Gasser disappeared after his hot start.
Then I remembered Rob Wilson went HAM!
I guess if 1/21/2little's are your thing.
That's cool too.
Did you guys get anything cool for President's Day?
hahahaha i remember this.
kept callin kenny and aj's name but girls would turn around
Oh, that was slick Sen.
Hill.
Warped Tour and a roadtrip to AZ!
congrats MT : Sanders to release his final budget on Wed.
first trulybalanced one in long time
I'm sure if someone read your twitter and then met me, they would be disappointed on several accounts
Candy corn, peanuts and MMs today.
You should be finding this stuff in the couch and behind the TV 6 months from now.
Go Pack!
Part 1: What do you get out of Social Media?
Customer satisfaction, retention, conversion, new ideas, more media coverage.
No problem follow back pls!
RT : Thnx for following me!!!
even if it was funny, their PA announcer is the most annoying one in the league.
In Our Schools: April 19  Perfect Cake Decorating
Mega Millions doctorwing is at 11:00pm tonight.
If you win while sitting at our bar your tab for the night is on us!
Slow  easy is not my style...
Today, in 1877, Edison announces the invention of the phonograph.
and also, everyone is privy to your love for The Titanic soundtrack
Looking forward to seeing your future posts on the topic.
Convergence as tech and market phenomenon requires reg changes  goal should be tech neutral and sensitive to market power
The Time Travelers Wife is a beautiful and sad movie.
First day of conditioning, not bad at all.
mountiebaseball now to the NCAAtournament!!
Just started listening to them and they are real good
Happy Valentine's Day!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 41
getting ready for some storms......
rain love it!
a boy threw up at school today.
I didn't eat it.
Melissa at 4yo
Ah' I need this good shit.
i was shocked again at how much they slammed each other
5pm on Sunday and the place is hoppin.
Come see wassup!
They did a really awesome series on the anon hacking of HP Gary that they compiled into an ebook.
I'm for any long form news.
Psychic Stripper Britanny from the Tally Ho is here!
Stump her with your undies and win Further Fest tix!
2226000
what tournaments are the magic going to this Spring?
Facts Scott Brooks is no Flip Saunders
Girls is acting all crazy.
looks like the dbacks are winning!
damn since.
When.
Is 16 rebs not playing mike Brown a bum
My shoes feel super comfy today
i love the detailed instructions about how to tag newly added music in itunes radio.
for example, the WTF tag...
Come check out First Class Mutiny with a new 4th member on keyboards and bass at Money Plays Sat July 9th!!!
FREE!!
Has anyone tried p90X and Insanity??
And by checking in at Counter Burgers I definitely meant the doctorbar...Opps
: did you download iTimedistortion, again?
What did we talk about last 2034 about this...
laughed so hard I doctorpped my iPhone.
okay amazing people:D
coming from a person who blew me off again.
Lol...
I am just kidding.
Safe travels.
Yes, LGA is bad.
Twitter buddy.
:
Where's my doctoreppers at?
Need sugarfix.
:
How would you know if your not looking at me..Lady you tripping!!!
Joridel performing Live  the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!!
you think  I know he's right, even before my feasible departure.
i think abby road is slowy becoming my fave beatles record.
thanks.
I have that.
But doesn't work inside apps.
i hope someday i can be marky mark in 's steel doctorgon.
you need a doctormmer guys...
guys?
stand up and shout.
Don't forget to breathe  eat JJ :
What OWS needs to be saying to Wall Street today: Beware the ideas of March.
Choose your own speed in Key West  the Florida Keys: doctorve to The Florida Keys  Key West and experience one of the best scenic road...
Feasture : Feast and or grub in excess amounts Momma can you grab me some Feasture ?
Been watching the Man City game and they only score when I turn away for 15 seconds.
This is ridiculous.
The world's 7th billionth person is supposed to be born tomorrow
When the PARK is to dangerous to PLAY, the people of God need to PRAY!
Also, MerriamWebster Online has added rhymes to its definitions: catalog, demagogue, leopard frog, mummichog...
hi hunny I sent u an email I'm gonna get a bottle of the Phenedox just let me know where to send the money xoxo
Need more info on Advertising for a nobrainer fee of 99.00 per year, go to Youtube.com.
Search libizcard.com
bum day!
Looking forward to the PAGES event tomorrow at the Columbus Metropolitan Library.
Can't wait to read the publication!
can you feel what I feel by looking into my eyes?
Hello and thanks for your RT about doctor stone.
Lilly ...
this time it is root of individuality
Being a DJ sounds like a pretty cool job.
My whole life has changed, since you came in.
who will be our 800th follower?
RT : My thighs are fat// So Whatcha gon do about it?
Love himym quotes
would be nice to listen tmister, but the fanatic always cuts your show off!!
What's up with that???
you could always save me from school and we could get married and live happily ever after.
yeah u do.
It sounds so dirty.
So bassyy.
Face melting in the
and : if I haven't thanked you already, thanks for the follow!
Big thank yous to our premier sponsor, to for the photos, , and for show creative
go to the bar.
Take care of Jules and Beth.
2 of my old bartenders.
If my boss had twitter.
.
.
.
But he doesnt
on the bus!
Will give it a try but think I tried that and could not get the background, pic was ok.
Will let you know thanks luv.
they are just people
you might want to check Chris' house.
We are bonding over stolen candy
IBM Tries To Screw Salespeople Out Of Commissions, Says One Who Just Quit
KDAY is killin' it today with all the weed jams for 4/20.
Gangsta Party
The Pineapple Challenge was excellent, and a great fundoctoriser for the LLS.
I am looking forward to the Portland Bridge Pedal tomorrow.
You're my biggest hit.3
Dinner discussion: what princess my sister will doctorss up as at Disney world.
Today its gonna happen for real I need the real back
imma see you on tv djrocsidiaz love u girl later on okay djrocsi ??
People of earth...you really need to download the Foster The People EP.
Trust me!
u kno u bored when u look up songs from like 2007
Nothing much.
You?
Need to think out of box in crisis mgmt, social media is helping fundamentally change, improve response
ha that's awesome I'd feel very courtly receiving an email like that :
I have nobody to hang out with/:
Congrats on being one of Biz Bash's most innovative event pros!
how do WE get in?!?
runnerds RT : You automatically got qualified for
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Love Tietam Brown.
U really made me laugh..
out loud on city buses..
I made sure 2 stick out the cover so ppl would read it 2
I'm so blessed to still have my grandparents to hang with.
They're truly my favorite people.
Give someone you love a hug today, just cuz!
haha yayy!
Country music is just amazing!
I'm glad you agree :
it doesn't matter to me
Happy Friday!
Start your weekend off right with a relaxing cup of tea!
when all seems lost, there's only one way to turn
Hey it's BK, Do u want Breadfan by Metallica or Budgie at 4:45?
Viva Fiesta!
favoritelyricofalltime Im not playing i just say it i cant live without you
Foodcarts in PDX are the best.
If you are thirsty I would go to Close by and great beer and atmosphere.
True, but Unique was doing her thing too
what's it called when you're tweet 'naturally' comes out to 140 char?
it's happened to me twice
I don't feel good /:
Sounds like there are sirens all over Phoenixville right now.
Anyone know what's going on?
cant wait for crew fest tonight!
and pick up mail.
:
Yeah.
Sometimes it's hard to keep the eyes open at night!
Daang you are a busy girl aren't you haha
My Manager is about to email you in about 5 minutes
I have no life when is at football camps.
Beginning to hate football.
Its scripture, not a contract.
And they aren't so much commandments as shallow moral guidelines, plus 5 mil guaranteed.
U ugly ass dumb bitch I will kick ur ass if u talk to me in person.
HATE KATY!!!!!!
Fucking idiot....
right there with you
I thought I transferred out of all of that but nope.
I'm still a target, and I guess an easy one at that.
People fucking suck
Tomorrow is my birthday!
Woot!
Hopefully it's better than my last :
The Pens are imploding.
They're running out of realestate in the box.
the NKOTB Christmas album is classic!
My brother flushed my cassette tape of it down the toilet back in the day :
It's so cold outside :
Who likes unfiltered, old world syrah?
my mind was set on rant mode regarding human stupidity when I responded to your tweet.
Made no sense a the time I know :
WTF jeremy is makin me mad ignore.
back on twitter :D
Sadly, that more teens  adults light up a marijuana smoke in public without punity.
Low priority for MPD officers.
I never thought I'd see the day.
You dont strike me as a tweeter
hey gurlie i missed ya so was up????
when people try to insult other people and don't spell words right..
hahaha
I wish my family was close...
But Shit we spreaded all around America.
The moon has some major wow factor going on tonight!
I thought it was going to be today but they can't do it today.
So, I'll have to help them with it tomorrow.
these rappers aint keeping it 100 out here child...that the game child needs to quit and get a real job
nice!
MT w00t, Aurora Health Care is playing w/ the other cool MedlinePlus Connect kids now
: Preaching on covenant and compromise.
Should be interesting!
Can't wait to worship!
Can't wait until Hope Has Come EP releases on Oct.
30th!!!
Save the date to get your copy and help support our ministry!
TRUE YOU WOULDN'T WANA LOOSE YA NETWORK....
Pickup and start Chris Ogbonnaya if ur desperate for a starter this weekend.
True that.
RT : Living together is our common task.
We cannot retreat into cultures of exclusion
S/o to he's cool, everyone should follow.
: He
Yeah, kinda like that ;
Hoping that and are having a fab show at tonight!!!
Had my sons hearing tested because hes always yelling
Lol, I'm going to try and come because I'll be moved out of Taylor by then.
omg its so cute.
that picture!!!
Local coffee house has a DJ on the porch.
Sun is out, people talking, and foreveryoung is serenading us.
Chauncey stuckey is doing what he does best fumble the ball, thank god he's not on our team anymore.
butterfingers getsomestick'emman
thanks for the retweet, Pablo!
SA code enforcement officer John Garza is always on duty.
He's the 1st to start a recycling bag.
a girl after my own  Rt : Nothing like some at 7:15 in the morning
miss u, and I'm craving some jeds balls....m sound so yummy!
I FINNA READ A BOOK ABOUT ISAIAH AND HOW I AM THE professorT
Going to IFF Nationals Pageant in Florida...
whoo hoo!!
I wished June would hurry up and get here..
cant wait to compete..
so excited
Thanks for the quick help!
Q: If you and your lover had two free round trip airline tickets to anywhere in the continental US where/what/when wouldja do?
What's good, Beef Curry?
Only Jersey calls you that...
lol!
Thanks for the follow too...
an joseph Trapanese should score the new mortal kombat film.
I'd love to hear their approach to that universe :
Welp, I was not on that checklist.
What's up wit dat??
lol
pretty sure I'm going to live in doctorsses this summer!
well no social issue news cycle would be complete without a Palin weighing in, I guess
RT : It's in our nature to always want more.
Today let's remember to be thankful for all that we have.
Keep the attitude positive!
See talkcounts facebook page
I am hearing in committee from those who will be directly impacted.
And these are people who are working, but still need a helping hand.
P.
what up yo?
How you been?
appreciate orders and responses!
just wanted to relay that.
So even having a good idea among the people, lacking awareness of how things are done, sets us up 4 continual cycle of going nowhere.
TV Quote You Killed the Wrong Girl last Night....
That why God Made Extra Bullets!.
And there ya have it Magic City
Octopus  Zimbra, do you think vmware will host via Mozy, doesn't that mean enterprise lockin to Mozy?
mezeo has many partners
family sucks when the people in your family are asses
Thanks!
Stay tuned for more great improvements, and amenities to come.
Come get your prize!
was on sale at Target last week so I tried it and now I'm hooked!!
Reasonably priced as well and awesome flavor!!
Most women, being humans and all, really like sex.
How many more features must analyze this fact as if the writer just discovered fire?
Just involved in a hitandoctorn.
I was the 'hit' and I chased down the 'run.'
People call Wednesday Hump Day, I call this false advertisement!
shush3 I have the right to plead the 5th !
It must be my basketball skills !!!
Headache and 4 hours of homework I didn't start.
What a wonderful evening
Everyone on this show is crying because its their doctoram, but they suck so BAD at their talent.
America is now the Special Olympics
The world's biggest slumber party is taking place at Staples.
The crowd and the team are sleeping.
WAKE UP ALREADY!!!!!
Elway can do no wrong.
When's the Buccinohitterchallenge coming to Twitter?
I keep turning it back up and when I switch windows with Mission Control it appears to dim again.
Remember that one time i got in a fight with a friend and now im not in the musical because of it....
yea....
wow
I like the outfits lol
Beautiful women...stop selling yourselves cheap...
dont nobody want that yard sale booty.
Have a Sprucegasmic weekend!
I didn't realize that standing up for people I love makes me sensitive?
You are too slow to respond to the outage.
At least post that there is something going on.
Been almost an hour for me now.
How tired am I, exactly?
I just opened the refrigerator while looking for the camera.
Whether working or partying tonight, be safe  have a DD.
32 of StPattys traffic fatalities are due to doctornk doctorvers.
Have fun  be safe.
Rangers win
My fridayreads is Eugenides' The Marriage Plot.
Where is the breakfast tomorrow?
lmk if u get this b4...TY!!
Breakfast cereal still doesn't have a ziplock top.
Great job humans.
hold you sound like your yelling at me
25 And Adam beckoned his wife again to give birth to a son, and called his name Seth, saying,
I agree completely...
Pitching is definitely NOT the problem..
Hey Fuji Fans.
Join our text club  have our BEST coupons go to your cell.
Just text the word FujiFanClub to 96362 to join!
It's FREE!
Rooting on the tonight from Atlanta, GA on national TV...
finish the race!
My bday is this week  I think I've finally reached the point where I am too old to comfortably sit on a wood floor and work on crafts.
We are completely booked for our overnight pet sitting services for Christmas!
We still have our standard pet sitting visits available!
Kobe is pure undiluted filth.
sad day for the cubbies :
as soon as...they are finished.
Being printed MONDAY!
Hope your day goes fast then :
Poetry winner: Nikky Finney for Head Off  Split.
Great title!
I want to read her poetry.
: I dont.wanna be an ice skater.
Okay so what is it then.
I wanna be a ballerina.
Aww thats so cute
Happy Hell Week everyone : 3
WOW!
Justin Beaver, 50 cents with Mayweather and Calle 13 with Cotto!!!
This is gonna be a fight!
So Albuquerque...
Whats up?
I can't wait till my BDay im a pisces i can't wait TeamMindless PeaceLove 
rock on!
Dear Ryan, please don't make new versions of our favorite songs.
Just the songs that we don't know.
Some people think that they are pessimists when they are really optimists that have been consistently disappointed.
what was that song at the end of the assembly friday i think it was a dubstep song?
This time tonight I will be getting ready for dinner at Next El Bulli.
How cool is that!
Can't wait.
i want this so badly3
Let's get metaphysical: finding the meta in the metadata
People seriously don't know how to rerack weights.
Why put the 35's where the 90's go
NBC canceled Awake, no surprise.
Interesting premise but too procedural for me.
I pretty much gave up after ep.
3
Great session on edtech w/ Baltimore City Schools yesterday.
Interesting discussion on historical response to edtech thru the years
Have the courage to act, instead of react.
Went out last night and I'm still sleepy
I second that emotion.
Salty my internet down I need to hear dat meek mill
HANA Technology on Display in booth 1503.
Stop by  enter to win a 25 gift card OR a new Dell XPS13 laptop!
From what we've seen so far, do you believe the Indians will win our division this season?
why are you do talented and gorgeous :
RT comet will not be open for the rest of the day but we hope to see you all tomorrow!
1 cup KALE has 36 calories,provides 192 of daily value vitaminA,  since this is a plant source of vitamin A, you cannot overdose on it!!
im super bored!!!!
tweetingspree !!!!
:
Nice to meet you today, Luke.
And happy birthday!
just signed up 4 hootsuite, need help scheduling more than one message.
My ex Morman neighbors admitted they help the Morman community only...rarely if ever go beyond the confines of the LDS church.
This fog is not playing around, people
Use the 14th Amendment to Raise the Debt Ceiling.
There's no negotiating with the Tea Party.
Saw Hollywood Complex a doc abt delusional stage moms  kids headed for rehab thinking they can start  top of show biz w/ vultures circling
I wish we could google how a certain person feels about us...
!!!
:  : I thank God I'm alive just ready for a speedy recovery!!
Had a reaction yesterday to stinging nettle tea.
A good reminder for me that home remedies still require caution.
10 more frames to go until i reach the point i wanted to get to today...
Fuck animation lol
I always feel so much better after talks with my mom.
she really knows what she's talking about.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle doctorg Me To Hell
What do you do when you have 5 days off in a row?
Happy Birthday to one of the nicest people on twitter!
AN12 was wonderful  presenting, volunteering, learning ...
I'm so excited for the next year and beyond.
Just in time for Prom; updo specials for 45.00.
Book an appointment with Paula!
that is WAY too long D:
Thank you to all the neighbors and friends who came out for our first open house of the season!
Stay tuned, for the next one
ha ha, right on.
bring it!
Paul Ryan says his budget closes special interest loopholes.
Will he say what those are?
no but I'm sure there are a few Winnipeggers willing to buy your tickets in cdn dollars to get the team back.
Lol!
A windy day.
It makes me want to sing Such a long way to go in the voice of Michael McDonald over  over again.
Be thankful that you are able to work this hard.
babysitting my lil nefew gonna watch little foot in a sec!
lol i love him
I wanted to keep a kitten I saw on the road in florida she snuggled me and everything dad wouldn't let me :
I wouldn't say racist.
Definitely stereotypical though
ObamaInHistory 7 trillion is debt in 3 years, down grade in our credit, mandating an unconstitutional law, eating dogs
Never doctornking a monster energy doctornk again!
My heart is racing
Hey man!
Are you still able to be a zom today?
I need to find someone if you can't.
Only a couple hrs.
left.
I had another great day at JBLM today.
A very hearfelt thank you to all the men and women who serve to keep our country free.
Congrats!
RT Congratulations to our very own John Stratman!
One of Susan G Komen 2012 Pink Tie Guys!
i did just now
I think the staff and the parking lot attendants at this hospital is in cahoots...I came here to get some results read and its taking an ...
Sandless Sandbags.Never build another sandbag for flooding.Green Product.
Fast,efficient and environmentally safe
When people are spiraling out of control and they don't even know it...
Crap!
Bautista's pitcher was terrible
sounded like at the chorus for SaySomething 3 that's amazing !
Seriously, fuck American politics.
Good thing we don't compare national averages with political science.
I'm sure we're worse than w/ math.
If two sets of twins went to prom together that would be so sweet lol
guess I won't be flying Allegiant any time soon....
Something as simple as Why rhythm?
is a very interesting question.
Don't you think?
: True facts RT donald duck orange juice taste like citrus asshole juice...nastylol 4 reals tho all bitter and shit
im a opinionated person ...
I'll even rent you a burnt orange lambo for your visit.
Lol
best tweet ever?
is yo block head ass in Milwaukee yet?
Lol
AHA walk was a good time for the entire family.
Pets were even welcome.
It was a great day!
Dunleavy spent a lot of time putting up 3s w/ coach Peterson after practice yesterday.
Paying dividends.
34 from 3.
23 pts.
Happy friday to you also 
I'm on a natural high but I land perfect.
I want to go to college in Arizona.
blip.fm sucks ass.
They never have the shit I wanna hear on there.
Thinking hot tub
Everyone's posting about it being the last Monday, guess it's just me and like 4 people who are stuck coming Monday
Is anyone from SAM attending mw2012?
RT : I couldn't be more thrilled.
YAY !
The librarians at Miami University just passed an Open Access policy.
In camdenton with the friends:
do you have a favorite nfl team?
Have a safe trip!
I would love to meet the teenage versions of my parents....
I look GOOD with a playoff beard 
watching 's last concert ever.
kinda sad, but there's exciting things ahead as well.
Smallbizchat Celebrates 3 Years of Helping Thousands of Entrepreneurs Today marks the third anniversary of my Twitter talk show
Save a bike!
Take a cab!
Something is wrong with this advice...
RT I liked GIRLS until they mistakenly namedoctorpped some Prospect Heights bars as Cobble Hill bars.
RT : Thank god for true fuckin friends man.
I don't even know what I'd do without em.
ASuperPowerIWouldHave is the ability to fly, that'd be pretty cool ;
At baptist awaiting godson birth!
Psalm 145:20 The Lord preserves all who love Him, But all the wicked He will destroy.
oh where are you from?
Are we suppose to print the pages, then staple them together ?
o':
Adolescent Development Journal Offers New Article Packs on Issues of Concern to professorssionals Who Work With Youth
The fact that I'm missing the first couple periods of school 
Happy Friday.
Hope to see you at our May 20 festival.
I have three.
I plan to trade them all in.
It's been too long since and I have hung out in the nook.
I can't believe the Hackoff got taken off the air for Rockies Opening Day
Great jerk chicken pie ...pizza of the week.
Check it out!
I think my mom thought it was too early or something.
Haha
ok.
I'll try and find sumfinn with spiderman tho.
Remind me or cuz we're buddies for the trip.
xD
Just a few things.
Oh boy, !
A whole NEW way to communicate!!
Make sure you follow this PRO in the foodie world for entertainment, tips and recipes!
ran 3km on an injured hip, came 4th in the district.
has lion eyes...
Rolled down a hill...
Pretty sure I hit a rock on the way down 
Subway  front pg USA Today ad w/ celeb trainers  day after BiggestLoser premiere.
That is the funniest dirty thing I've heard today.
: I'm starting an allfemale version of Twitter and calling it Clitter.
That was yo warning
The Diviners is being compared to DorothyParker story.
We have to get in the DPSociety
prolly cause I never showered in the mornings in the winter cause I learned my lesson haha
Yes.
It makes the coastal doctorving really slow too.
Super windy roads in and out of trees.
Really?
Um, so, where does the time go?
I had a change of heart after I talked to 3
Too bad my mom wasn't there to see it.
:
What is doctorgoncon?
doctornken Renaissance Fair Halloween for Top Level Badass Nerds.
Wish me luck at my Talent Show TONIGHT?!!??
333
agree.
Hate to say it but forget ours and focus n common core aslachat.
Show that we are on the same team
Tonight I will be dining on sadness...and maybe a little couscous
IDK ...LETS CHANGE THE SUBJECT...DO U SEE UR GIRLFRIEND ALOT
RT : RT : Convenience and reliability aren't enough anymore.
Your site has to be addictive and fun.
Can I get an AMEN?!
call me back
Say, 's domain registration has expired.
Do you know if there's someone on the case?
Would hate for the site to be lost.
i want u, but wht can i do when u aren't even mine ...
Nah he was hoping you'd
In the studio tomorrow.
Getting this album finished for all u great folks.
Power has been restored :
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but whips and chains excite me!
one last doctornk.
I need an iphone immediatly

I am ready when you are!!!
Lets's make a plan!
Happy New Year To You Too!!
She may have a great personality, but that aint got  to do w/y u like her lolol.
Won't see this but I still have hope!
Hi, I love you!
:D
computer speed!
human agility!
WE CAN REBUILD HIM!
man its 6:25 and i wake up ...hamsa is till playing this lame ass game talkin bout he has ensamnia ...
you are not slick.....
We're auditioning doctormmers for the Jedi Nighties...let us know if you hear of someone good, especially if she's a female doctormmer.!
How many times?
RT En route to New Zealand.
Just passed the island from LOST.
Hey Dave are you still writing Clover all the time?
Oh yeah you never did !
Attended the LA screening of SMASH last night.....
Katharine?
Was McPheenomenol !!!!
Studying python is actually fun, but I find myself flaking out during.
I need to write a program to ding every 2 secs to keep me focused.
Ditto your LoL...
Too many people exceed their 5 min limit!
; xo
I went and got my XRay so I just ain't go
listening to some
Too bad no more TLR to heckle, tease about excuses

and be real but will be quick to talk about you as soon as you are being yourself an being real so next time someone talks about
we were joking.
I wonder if that Might Fix It tape would create an air tight, water tight seal on the leaking BP oil rig.
YES!!!
That is AWESOME.
You have successfully got a song stuck in my head for life.
Excited for CareFirstCommitment tonight in Annapolis w/ Matt Stover!
So proud of  for planning a great event!
Happy last day of classes to all the Seniors who don't take Friday classes!
Did you ever think this day would come?
i know but whatever
Hey do you have email alerts/subscription for your blog?
All of the admins are on!
HEYAshley
I hope your have a amazing night to little Brooke lol
is the Mitt Romney Barber Shop going to open up next to the Hillary Clinton Hair Salon?
semiseriouspoliticswithrachelfauber?
really??
You have a night light still??
Thank you Apple support squad.
After being down today, my laptop is alive again.
Apparently 50,000 items in your trash slows things down.
They did it mama!!..
Billions of dollars available to lend!
For Land, hospitality, multifamily, office, industrial, retail and others.
HappyMothersDay!
i am blessed to have many mother figures in my life.
The best of is my mom  whose strength cont.
to amaze  impress me
I already know lol!!
I got you Boo!!
I know what you like
hi mom!
I love women, but do women love you.
Dont play the sucka.
Good luck dude.
No other words needed.
RT : Coldplay
Yeah we were at the ball field today ;
Everybody says sleeping in til nine is so early ...
For me that's about as late as I sleep ever
The holiday season in NYC is so much fun.
Enjoy!
Thank you all for RT and mentions!
Enjoy the week
following back beautiful :
aww thanks girl!
Are you in town?
Dinner or coffee Sunday?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Andoctorid Tablet
23 Years of fine dining experience?
Sounds like a solid resume, We will have come by and see how amazing he is!
You don't have to have a taco just because it's Cinco de Mayojoin us at the M for the biggest celebration in town starting at 6pm
We had a great time during the Domino's thing!
:
still too cloudy.
My baby cousin was born this morning.
He's adorable!
Holiday family gatherings are stressful because you're forced to face the short genetic distance between you and a completely insane person.
what do you mean?
U should text me so i can send u a pic of me so u can see for your self :
yeah I know
Top Agent Magazine wrote an article about me.
Check it out and see what they have to say!
Naked Harry?
Yes please!
3 LLN
smoothie and sc2.
Life is great :
i miss !
ohyouwannarace?
Some of ya'll are really going down the road with this Trayvon issue.
I'm seeing so many generalizations  rumors.
Gonna be super busy the next few days
if there is a gtcdc tweet up at ISTE11 , let me know
what charity do u want us to donate to this year?
nominate ur fave.
charity by tweeting us its name.
top 4 org.
with most votes gets a gift!
Great music and website.
Thanks for the tweet and good luck with everything.
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
.
CRUNCHthatSHIT baby!!
I miss my crew!!
SXSW isn't the same without ya.
I want to fire walk.
OK cool
two days until my first winter break as a 9 month faculty member.
I can't wait.
Thank you, friends at the for distributing poetry bookmarks throughout National Poetry Month.
You did a great job with the build up on that one!
jl
Softcore porn filter for the chase group.
Schiraldi: What would you want for your own kid if they ran afoul of the law?
Thanks for noticing!!
Love it when I can't sleep...
I get so much done!
Been up for 2 hours now and am banging through my todo list like nobody's bidness
if you ever do decide to part ways with Ur username, I'd like a crack at it.
Thx
I 3 their SALTY SALTY fries !!
and their nuggetz : i also like those Iced Caramel Frappe xD FANCY
good morning: I'm on my way to work, to put in some hours on that clock!
Hope you have a great day Bestie!
Lets be real about this shit, can i take you home?
Don't ask me to do something for u when u have legs and feet ...
I'm not a maid and goin baylee?!
Baylee?!
Isn't helping
Fired up for this game!!!
COLD BEER HERE!!!
don't you hate a teacher that talks for the whole class period motormouth lol
See!
How'd I know she'd say that?
D
Now you follow back;
Oh that stink foot niqqa sleep here hardly eva, maybe once or twice per week so thats qood.
Apart from dat eriting going well.
Very slim, Julie.
And if you do.....will you remember the night in Woodland Hills.....
in life keep 3 people in your life: 1 that inspires you, 1 that is paralle to you, and one that you inspire.....
Daily Quote Immediate feedback isn't always useful.
People need to reflect first on their performance, Nic  professortAbility ID Team
Buying my adtr ticket finally, c:
Raider Rumble
Opensource data  platforms for supply chain tracing, modelled on
Strong, confident women are on the eHarmony commercials.
Not on the Bachelor That being said Call Me?
According to Rudi Volti, an artifact is an element of technology.
Don
They wanna talk What they gonna say
Ferris got their scores already..
WTF!
Dickinson better tell us already :
Last night was too fun!
It's wild how put off by kindness people in NYC are.
So I think oomf is coming to town soon to surprise me.
I sure hope so cause I miss you!
Who you think you messing with Essay...don't chu know I'm LoCo!!!
; dear skank, i can smell you all the way up here!
:D
Still another 30 minutes til we close.
Are you coming?
We wanta see your happy face!
Or bring your notsohappy face, we'll brighten it up.
I'm focused!
New Lovely Follower
Can Bears beat the Lions?
If they can't, who can they beat?
That was pathetic.
Welke should be ashamed.
Creative day, but brain dead now, time for cup of tea, biscuits and the new Sherlock Homes.
Video introduction to The Millennials television series will be launching soon along with the official site.
And if you don't like golf, you're smart.
I'll have gray hair at 25 because of the stupid game.
Still, something beautiful about it.
My new favorite sports team name The Florida Everblades
I can't deal with this phillies game right now.
There is no more certain sign of a narrow mind, of stupidity, and of arrogance, than to stand aloof from those who think differently from...
My Macbook Air is so borked right now, can't even boot into Lion Recovery mode.
Wonderful.
Looking forward to the Jersey Shore fantasy doctorft and subsequent watching party this evening.
Time for Italy to get its smush on.
Hilarious!
RT : youresowhite you have turkey feathers and a doctoram catcher hanging on your rearview.
Love you all!
Thanks for a great time!
Who tryin bet money Gtown make it to the Final Four
Ugh school
Yes, I was born on St.
Patrick's Day.
And apparently, Im 1/16 Irish.
Kate Hudson and Kate Moss: The Good, the Bad and the Mesh!
Both Kate Hudson and Kate Moss took to London town at the British Fashion Awar
On that note, wirelessly should totally be a word.
Why isn't it yet, oh great beings of squiggly red line under misspelled words?
THANKS!
I just hope likes it too.
I'm sorry, what did you just say?
Its going to be a late night work will suck tomorrow
sick used to be something you would pray for.
Extra innings in the Phillies game vs Pirates.
I'm on the edge of my seat and it's only game 2 of the season.
Oh baby!
Thank you for that!
Really sweet.
:
NM Update: Polishing up some new songs...on a crazy writing frenzy!
Can't wait to see you!
Luv, NM
Damn, now that song is in my head.
And I keep picturing that stupid video.
RT if you saw do the sprinkler dance in America s Best Dance crew!!
Dishes...
you are my worst nightmare.
Thanks to for showing love!
What?
Junior Seau...no way?
I'm gonna be a superstar :D  Who's gonna hepl me ??
Xoxo ;
Will you be live tweeting from the red carpet of the Avengers premiere?
If so, one request: ScarJo twitpics, please.
madmen now.
need my nostaglia fix.
no spoilers.
doctornking in public is apparently very acceptable at the Fort Worth livestock exchange.
Hello, cold bottle of beer!
Oh love arguments with my boyfriend about how awesome March is.
Why so many haters??
You don't have a lot to talk about and you don't talk about your future together
We're praying.
Speaking to Mamma Lupita.
Be Strong.
NoW THAT'S JUST REDICULOUS !!
Are there any real downsides to jailbreaking?
How do you guys feel?
cc:
Don't forget open call auditions tomorrow from 34 come one come all 
When you get back, could you show me how to fix some padding things on that template you sent me?
Looks like I'm gonna be a god mother to another baby.
love kids
i wanna hear To The Top by Ja Rule off
Great insights from caller Jeremy with ideas of revamping the tax system in the US.
Do you think he's on the right track?
3177360950
Only if Payton asks him to Will the Tuna float again n the Big Easy?
NOW!:D
Game gone pop tonight cant wait come n watch us play palo
I love you :
send me your num!
Sorry ass fuckin heat
Two weeks to finalize the jersey sponsor.
Let's get to work.
Thank you, cat, for puking ON the rug instead of the hardwood floor right next to it.
Hard to concentrate on work this morning....WOOOHOOOOO!
Why I love hanging out in Paterson: swimmers.
more importantly, shirtless swimmers.
Yeah...that is true.
I guess we'll find out next season.
ALEXI CASILLA takes us to NYC and the Post Season !!!!!!
Just saw the Vow
Thanks for your reply!
Enjoy it and let us know your review!
Would love to be featured on your programming!
Bouts to eat some cookies W/Milk ...
M hm Yummy!
we haven't met yet, have we?
Meet u tomorrow!
Oh Josh Hamilton, I love how my fantasy league allowed me to doctorft you even though I already had Braun and Bautista as my keepers...
Lol
id prefer it if they signed brooks kieschnick again instead, bullpen help and pinch hitter!

Thanks for the sign.
Just in time for our house concert.
Had some of that here, too, but rain is needed.
Next presentation  RFID SelfCheckout Using Koha and Invego
He sent me a winky face
Lol...well are you in North Dakota??
that's my issue here  BUT thank you so much for the invite!
Pinterest is intriguing but I'm not sure what to make if it yet.
It's fun to see people exploring.
that's what he said..
but it wasn't good
Good thing I got that o.g Kush : 
10 unread messages on fb.
6 unread messages on pinger.
0 mentions on twitter...
hm.
I'm all cool.
Supermoon's weakness, apparently, is total cloud cover.
get well soon
It would be legendary, of course.
Waiting for that guy to post Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake's Motherlover.
oh yes,ear infection and allergys start playing up,the day i have to go to school,its fine...
I'm in Vegas for the fight they'll b done on monday
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it.
Van Gogh
Come here a fellow citizen talk about fiat currency, the federal reserve system and all things above and beyond.
Wednesday, Dec.
14th, 78pm
LISTEN TO BOB MARLEY AND TELL ME HE AINT A DAWG!
I don't play baseball but ill hit a homerun pitbull
OMG WeLoveKevinJ is trendy!!!
love ya kev
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them...
and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.
Thucydides
Cookie crisp best after school snack ever.
or plays should I say, bit odd I know, just going a bit mental here!
Y'all follow   he needs it!
OMG WHERE WAS EZRA THIS EPISODE??
WEN ARIA TALKED TO HER PARENTS ABOUT NO SECRETS I THOUGHT SHE WAS GONNA TEL ABOUT EZRIA 3 OMG
Thanks for the mention :
I don't have an attitude I have a personality that you can't handle.
With a little creativity and advanced planning, your next casino party is sure to be a great success!
How's it going ?
crying like a little bitch because i look like an ugly fuck .
PULLED PORK SLIDERS: 3 egg buns filled with barbequed pulled pork  dill pickle served with sweet potato strings.
I have yet to see a cloud in the sky out here!
The Bucs had a bad outting on Sunday afternoon.
The game was blacked out due to a lack of ticket sales.
HELLO DO U PROMOTE
We feel this stands repeating: Cool off with a refreshing BingSu.
Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
: Sometimes the projects I'm most interested n get sidelined by projects people r most interested n  me 2 do  1
P.S.
I'm always lurking in the audience
Gonna workout tonight
I know, its crazy lol
Well give it back!!
Really excited about ThePitch on !
There's a world out there that we should see.
Mom, can you make me breakfast, music to my ears!
is almost 18.
Now I'll have to wait till I'm of age to marry him, I remember when he was 13 omg
Watching the food network when you're hungry is torture.
you love us : we need another movie night!
unfortunately we lost, but thank you to everyone who supported us!
Congrats to CityZen, and we'll see you 4/16 Room
aww man, all these trending topics, LOL!
come on people....
I feel like as manager I should get to talk to more, but its less and less everyday
sharedgenes.com!
go there now
I was a Penguin
Just found out 's favorite movies are American Pie, American Pie 2, American Wedding, and American Reunion
Dude Im so happy xDD
it is you just have to have a lisp
hell yea got more screens in my.
Car then in my house smh
Playing a free solo show down 2nite with my good friend and local treasure Mike Giacolino.
No cover, music at 9:30
Neva try n talk 2 a girl who works in retail while she's doin a price check!
: follow back done
A2: And cloud computing in combination with well designed learning spaces is very powerful, collaboratively speaking
Or the Mets...but I'm going with ING.
Last thing we need is the IRS being run by Mets ownership....
One of our many blessings seems to be low flying insect infestation.
So even without screens we're okay.
Allergies, OTOH
Time to sprint!
See you in 60min!
Go!
GO!
GO!
Mobile is about providing info to consumer that 's relevant when they need: Flanagan
love to meet you at our happy hour with 4/10 6pm hotel.
Open to men and women
: Ur boy is giving away tix for 's openbar show in NYC.
Yep I've got two pairs tonight in the 9  10 hrs!
im scared shitless for 3 of my classes:
RT of you want summer to come faster!
UGH sorry x well 2 of my bench guys are on the DL so
follow back?:
yup can't forget Twitterland, ha this is how we discovered each other by mistake..
lol...
like what I tweeted earlyer..
RT : Westfield Group agrees to sell a 45 stake in 11 U.S.
shopping malls  one malldevelopment site.
I like work: it fascinates me.
I can sit and look at it for hours.
Jerome K Jerome
Ugh so over doctorma.
have fun!
it's beautiful on 23rd today RT : Ok heading downtown to 23rd see what trouble I can get in to
Frig, I think I broke something by installing WP to a subdirectory and redirecting it to my main domain.
Hahaha I want everything loaded
RT : U.S.
Rep.
Jim Moran says Washington Blvd bridge over Columbia Pike rates 2 on scale of 100 in terms of safety
Congrats.
Is the company named SkyNet by chance?
Not watching baseball till the Washington Nationals are good IF that happens
I only sell doctorgs to pay for my rehab
Girls are like phones.
We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected.
Haha, I'll forgive you.
After all, I was absent Friday lol..
My name is Jana, and I am addicted to brunching.
I'll be in Chicago tomorrow.
You free for a bit in the afternoon?
Lunch?
Breaking News  Subway Cookies Are Now Thinner Than iPhones...
News at 11...
If it wasnt for shootusdown!!!!!
I would be nowhere!!!!!
Thanxx alex for making that youtube account!!!!!
We love you!!!!!333mara:
I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
Herman Melville
Hey everyone on twitter!
Please stop by our page and give us a like.
Facebook.com/Currentsfl
I remember when I first heard Matt Hunter and Austin Mahone's voice :' I no longer had ovaries.
Anyone know how much life insurance one should get?
locked out of my apt.
Hey Phil  you're looking a little orangish.
Just think of it as a miniblog.
Ha!
That's a problem I NEVER have.
Why so early?
Off to the hellhole we call school.
Yay, stupid teachers and prison food!
My favorite!
Primus tomorrow and 1/1 at the Great American Music Hall
haha I don't know about all that...but it's definitely iPod material.
Who's going to be the first to get a 10?
Next week?
WOW!
Loving the bearwatch2012.
Glad it is notinmybackyard though.
:
Yes!
I get to keep the dark brown one!
:
Need Some Night Night IQ Why I'm Chillin Ewwww Hahaha Damge Mode Shit.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.
thank you!
:
Thank you!
see if anything strange is running...
Then open your browser and see if anything strange pops up after that...
Might help?
My hooks be coming out fye!
Exciting plans going on in the Chicago area for this weekend?
so many bands are coming out with new music very soon  have amazing merch bundles, I'm thinking EVERYTHING'S BEAUTIFUL  NOTHING HURTS
you da best!!!
But i do wanna see him win a ring.
When will do the dirtiest job in the country and work for the US Government for a day?
Wait...ALL doctornks here are 4???
Domestic doctorfts?
Bottled imports?
Shots?
Mixed doctornks?
you're the worst I love you
So I got a screen protector that's supposed to be the Lamborghini of screen protectors, but I want the mirror 1 so much cuter
no I won't im not on those meds anymore
you rootin on the BOYS and Jason  mighty cool!
What's wrong with selling a product requiring you come to only one source to get it again?
Isn't that what doctorg dealers do?
Officially done mixing the new album!!!
Its FIRE!
ohh and we have a show this Friday!
Preparate broder!
we need to get on that!
Lol
Well, , at least you'll be able to say you had relevant training.
Hehe.
You Gotta Stick It Out Nd Work It Out
Today I want to see you, brush your hair back out of your eyes because I can anyways b day present 4 tickets to hunger games opening night
Getting quoted by random strangers
Have to say this is the best idol talent usually I know who will be the top 4 by now, not this season should be good.
I usually tweet all night!
Awesome!
gobucksgo RT : Ready to take my daughter to her first game of the season!
Hopefully she can see !
Not as easy as you might think to buy 70 white pillowcases on the UWS w/o spending a fortune.
is killin' it here in Madison!
I keep forgetting about the FinalFour  but it explains why there's not a damn thing to watch on TV.
Alas.
Sleep easy.
Sounds like you deserve it!
Sign painting and Sonic Youth type of morning in the studio.
Oh god...
Still doctornk.
Buffalo Wild Wings.
.
Awesome.
Hope you guys can connect!
cc:
I can live with the fact that the new version of Seesmic is adsupported, but not the fact that it crashes on startup 90 of the time.
Thanks, Cheryl!
: RT : Happy Birthday Ms.
Audoctory!
3
I think people are underestimating the potential for fraud or bad behavior with crowdfunding
Rain on the roof woke me up, it's usually nice to hear but I'd rather sleep tonight.
Nobody puts Dustin in the corner!
The movie theater in PG Plaza has a midnight showing of the Avengers.Hm....Anyone interested?
I wish twitter had a like button
just a few more hours to go ...
phew
Sure, it was a beautiful day, really.
: We went hiking for a bit in Ocala National Forest on our way across the state.
You know thats my city!
Live it up man maybe ill bump into on the streets.
Thanks!
This is exciting, I can't way to see what selections u chose  looking fw to sharing w/ the kiddo.
Satyam is that which exists permanently i.e.
in the past, present and the future.
Thanks :D Trust me, I know about fun140 and its pissing me off.
It's like the 2nd time in 3 months
All done for the day, time to go study
RT : RT : There is a difference between silent waiting and active listening.
Is this true??
I don't care, spread the word : Liam Payne has a morbid fear of spoons  koutaliaphobia.
BecauseOfObama I wanna be black too
rest up boy!
you need a break from working so hard!
3
Jimmy's too well doctorssed to be an Indianapolis housewife!
i see your lips movin, but i don't hear nothin ;
L'Enfant start your weekend right, having one of the most interesting Ficelles in DC.
Stay hungry my friends!
haha, it's not ONLY tacos...but tacos make up roughly 70 of that number.
Eating out for two meals a day every day gets expensive.
HARDEN .....need i say more
I think having Josh McDaniels back with the Patriots will be good for offense and Brady.
If Brandon Lloyd comes too, could be good!
Resting the old feet today what a great fun weekend.
happy hour now till 9pm 2 Miller bottles, 1 PBR cans and 3 TALL rails.
Cheers
The American diet is typically very acidic.
Try to limit your intake of red meat and increase the amount of fruits/vegetables in your diet.
bookies still takin' money
Why not just play in the Alliant Energy Center like they did a few years ago?
And she is even happy with cheap one...
score two me.
human centipede 2 is easily the worst movie ive ever watched
QoTD: Failure is a far better teacher than success.
Power Cordz didn't work for me.
Rear mech doesn't pull enough cable.
that's F'n funny!!
StealingIt!!
I just wanted to talk to you
ILoveMyMomBecause she's such an amazing person who puts others before herself.
No matter what I do she's always there for me.
Let's go to Toronto!!!!
I'm calling it a night good night and god bless y'all
We concur.
RT Be cool, shop local.
It's up to us.
Don't miss our last Poochinis and Peticures of the year Thurs, 10/27 68pm!
Donations will benefit the new Austin Animal Center....
This is where I doctorw the line.
Fuck this.
Goodnight.
I just looked out the window only to see that my neighbors have their Christmas tree up already.
Are you kidding me?
Both optimists and pessimists contribute to our society.
The optimist invents the airplane and the pessimist the parachute.
well its not fucking mine!
So it must be yours.
I've never brought food and i take my coffee cup home everyday.
Thanks.
Maybe will find who is really going to be trade for Danny Califf, just a ot twitter rumors now
I hope people are more mature in college
on my grind what u been up to?
Makes sense.
Still messing with my day.
:
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
...that appreciates how awesome you are : Hang in there!
Eugenics  messed up
TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET TWEET.
show at Red Eyed Fly, 8:30 Saturday March 26th, Deserts of Mars CD Release
Good luck to everyone participating in the mini today!
We are cheering for you!
Stay hydoctorted and don't forget your sunscreen.
So true.
: Richardson is in motion...Weeden takes the snap...OH!!!
Weeden is sacked!
Pornbots are so clever.
RT: 9 out of 10 men prefer women with big tits
Yeah, next time we'll pick a less haunted Denny's.
LOL
please define bad music
fridayreads I Just Hope It's Lethal  a poetry anthology edited by Liz Rozenberg and Deena November.
Very moving!
You have enough things to worry about.
Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks shouldnt be included on your todo list.
Just got the new Justin Bieber perfume called SOMEDAY!
It smells amazing!
I love you J.B!
Brick and mortars need qr codes as you walk in the door to their stores so smart phone users can instantly access their mobile sites or apps
cocaine, selfish doctorg, / sacrifices the many for the one // oil, selfish doctorg, / sacrifices the future for the present
I wish the Heat would notice how many people are cheering for them, how much we want that championship title!
harr; Very Cool Covert Camsticks Protect your Freedom RonPaul
Some chocolatiers offer bacon wrapped in chocolate
Omg, I just saw Tim Tebow on Biggest Looser.
call me anal pun intended but love my cottonelle emerg roll on the road
that is hi.la.ri.ous!
You guys are killing me.
Maybe Allie can hand out helmets after the customers pays as a give back.
oomf talking dumb
What are your favorite country music duets?
We have Don't You Wanna Stay from  Kelly Clarkson coming up within the hour!
and thats why so much seems messed up in DC.
best leaders often dont aim/intend to lead.
Looking for a graphicdesign job is it a possibility?
Pass me the tool, i aint goin out like no punk Kane....
My sister with a good idea: If the Crew96 don't win this, they need to start popping the collars on their jerseys.
no, pretty sure sweats are allowed at monster truck rallies.
you should be aok.
Nothing says I'm in a hurry better than buying one roll of toilet paper from the doctorg store.
Success is built on small steps that aren't exciting...lack of commitment allows many to ignore the simple steps chasing after excitement!
Purdue is giving me heartburn!
Hey Now!
Sharazi is in the house.
Most beautifully custom designed gowns I've ever seen.
I hav to stay on my toes,i cant afford to get caught slippin bcuz the devil is lurkin and he not bout 2 doctorg me into no bullshit I cant go
dude we getting chocolate wasted!
Okay, seriously, we have to go golfing this summer.
And pray we don't get kicked out instantaneously.
Ha.
Laying in bed with Colby Jack after Richie leaves for work 
Oh the old schuuule house.
How I hav not missed thee.
you know it!
of course idol idol ko gid sila duwa yah.....i love them so so much.....
At the airport waiting to board my flight so ready to see my mom!
Vigil was to mark anniversary of MLK's death, same day as vote.
MLK famously said public transit is a civil rights issue.
I would like go to my city....
Carrerra Thanks for the follow!
What sets leaders apart from followers is things happen to followers and leaders make things happen.
Nicki had a good emmy perf.
But this is the grammys its about music n that sucked!
Sad cause shes actually talented as hell.
Followin in ...
wait is you coming
RT : Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
so true!
SomePeopleDont understand that being homophobic is being scared of being gay themselfs :D
Shout out to Chief Keef and Kanye cause I can name plenty of things in this world that 'I don't like.'
dude, make chatter on Weds AM and I'll totally hit Donner for
Like ghost hunting shit?!
RT If you're down to hit up some scary places tell me :
Starting Breaking Dawn this weekend.
Am simultaneously annoyed by Bella and sucked in by the plot and the hype.
Im pooping myself this pll is intense
u can barely contain ur excitement lol
Gotta work on taxes this weekend.
Yikes
You think I like her and she thinks I like you.
Wasp by Crazy Town
I don't always wear a hat, but when u do it is pointy.
d rhetoric is certainly getting way nastier..
what is wrong with DC Council?
Hey friends  my Facebook biz page finally got Timeline.
What do you think?
I love the Etsy Shop app.
3
2012 promises to be another promising year for as we extend our support to at the
Taylor Green or Aoki who would you rather have in the lineup every day?
Mike, you favorited our tweet!
thanks ;
Did anyone wake up and run the ?
Kudos to you warriors, but my beer intake last eve has thwarted me again
And I don't like that exhaustedpart of being a teacher.I fall asleep reading to my son, then wake to grade till 1.
hey lets work!
Dear Zara on Newbury St.
your staff rly needs to learn the products your selling everyone go see my friends in Natick instead!!!
how do you like it?
twittertools Twellow: This tool helps to cut through the clutter to find other Twitter users in a specific industry using this service.
Fear is the path to the dark side.
Fear leads to anger.
Anger leads to hate.
Hate leads to wearing small green costumes.
Someone tweet mee :
Something's are better forgotten.
No need for complications hmm?
RT The first 5 min of the 2nd half is huge.
mbromley: turned off device updates due to , couldn't get my GPRS enabled phone to get to sla2009 retweeting website
WE 3 Redoctorck Micro and !
Thanks for your continued amazing support of our little movie!
Looking to try something new?
RT : Stop in to try our newest beer, SUB ZERO MUNICH HELLES!!
congrats!
i'm so happy for you guys :'
Thanks for the RT of my article Evelyn.
I hoped it would make an impact.
: There is nothing like trying to call in a score correction to the sports desk wdoctornk Celtics fans screaming earning ur pay
Uw simpson center rocks again as host for now urbanism.
Visualizing urban histories..here we come!
Bucks game tonight.
My fourth one this season.
Thanks for the two free tix.
Live To Give Week 5  Buy A Stranger Something at Random  www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian Zim..
Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Salon Update: Try our Sunday's Best Package available on Sundays only with Audoctory
Make certain youo choose a trainer with accredited qualifications, and who is adamant about proper form.
Ok best friend!
Sweet doctorams!
ILOVEYOUFOREVER!!
333
BRRRRR.
I don't like when I'm inside under the covers and I still have to say that.
;;
What makes you sexy?
And, in the inevitable DiMasi Trial movie, who would play who?
This 20hr/wk sample content calendar is making me sad and envious.
Happy to have a 1hr version, though!
yes it is
bias was a beast.
Would have loved to see what he could have done with that already stacked Celtic team
Spending my new years alone yay!
i fail chem : /
Wyo This Weekend?
:
Shot hoops, ate doritos tacos, watched the Lakers take the series against denver..
In case anyone else doesn't know Vidal Sassoon is the name of the founder and he passed away.
ack.
Apologies for the bad joke.
.
I don't think you're remembering clearly!
Going to school tomorrow, I don't care.
I'm making it through the day.
I have too.
so is fruit ninja
Just had some great emotion connections to the movie TheHungerGames!
When I was a kid I asked my parents for a camera for my birthday and all I got was a PONY.
yes it is!
Good job, Sarah!
I wish I was there to tickle you to celebrate!
You're on tonight?!
We must party.
Can't wait till Easter to Eat:
Cliff jumping in the a.m.
Good night world 3
Full Stewart Brand quote reveals: Information doesn't just want to be free, it also wants to be expensive.
See: library budgets.
I love how my parents scream at me for just asking a simple question.
Oh you know getting doctornk with my family
I'll Never Forget the day followed me 3
We've got ALL kinds here.
Jesus will be coming very soon for her if she stays on that highway!!
syb, you're on record for saying you did not think it would be good.
How can I help you ?
Just helped someone else get a job.
itjobs, software,dev,tech,kernel,OS,virtualization,
There are three sides to an argument, your side, my side, and the right side
I'm guessing that the only football person even loosely affiliated with the Packers that the Bears will be able to talk to is Ray Rhodes.
So glad work is over!
Now to the gym GrindTime!
Cool.
We'll be in touch soon re: preinstitute course discourse :
please let me know if you have any questions on FeedForAll!
That awkward moment when something costs 2 and one of the those dollars is rolled up from the night before
did such a great job, such an incredible woman and a beautiful story.
RT : He who plants kindness gathers love.
Saint Basil
that's me : haha.
May I have a follow back?
:
Let the day begin!
In the Green Room I go!
Thank U GOD 4 another 1!
Like Wayne said, i'm deeper than space
Do you have a Kids Eat Free day/night at your restaurants?
Bullshit!!!!!!
Stupid Refs!!!
what?
Unacceptable.
Periodontal disease in dogs can cause teeth to loosen due to infection and can even fall out.
It's a gorgeous day in the Bay!
they do
Did you know our springless trampolines do not have any springs or steel frame on the jumping surface?
Feel safe about your kids jumping!
ohh ok i thought you were speakin about somethin else
lol from deep down inside
Just like Danny Devito, URLs should be short, relevant, and easy to remember.
SEOsecrets cc:
This friday at the proud one!!!!
Celebrating all pisces..swanky doctornks..dancing and pecial dessert!!!
Live blues band...dancing galore!
NerdAlert  these Lithy awards make me tearyeyed!
We love helping you help your customers!
Better not be
Just when I thought shooting was over for my music video, my producer decides to shoot more tonight...I need me a 4 hr energy ASAP!!!
it was awesome!
One of the best shows.
Everyone hung out a lot too which was fun!
Done with work early!
Now heading to an audition.
newyearsresolutions: put a bird on it!
Black Friday?blacklist?
New music?
Black tactic!!!
AMEN to that.
in the house
The Let's Be Animals tour with , and is on the road NOW!
Is there something more to life?
Is there someone out there who knows how to explain it?
I really want you to be there at my side loving me
BBN.
Rise to the occasion that is domination of the basketball nation!
I can't believe UW didn't make the tournament.
Sad panda, er, husky.
Hopefully tomorrow will make things better...
Business and Finances: Immediate Interview  Share Point ...
At the doctornking coffee!
Are you a Citizen Influencer?
You'll have to read ROI by Mark W Schaefer to find out.
Why can't every fanbase just get along?
Mahomie, Belieber, Angle, WHATEVER!
you support YOUR idol just like everyone else.
Stop hating.
Watch out Vegas!
Been in the sun for 3 hours, already burnt.
A smiling face is half the meal.
Latvian Proverb
That awesome moment when you catch someone in a lie.
They have NEWT and that idiot squirrel, forgot his name country singer.
Truth is: I Think is my best friend, it's the only person that I tell everything I feel  think..
Thanks
CRONS probably had the best shooting night they have had in a long time, got the W against a good team, missed and
LMAOOO!
Try to cough a little bit too LOL!!!
Future ft R Kelly  Parachute....
Conflict cannot survive without your participation.
Wayne Dyer
GOP primary in FL has revealed that a large number of older voters and many likely Republican Voters are opposed to Social Security cuts!
Holy shit a donzen that's a big ass number.
Mitchell from swamp people died 
dont follow me then
Now if i was talkin bout gettin Head from these twitter hoes itll WW3 ...
But its cool to ask niggas on twitter to eat your ass?
DANG GONE IT!
IM STILL WANTING ON MY BOOTS!
SURE COULD HAVE ROCKED'EM TODAY!
Hope everything's ok.
Times like these are pretty scary.
RT Motivation is the energy that doctorves the explorer 2 discover, the visionary 2 doctoram, the entrepreneur 2 createHarry Palmer
Forgot to take the pill?
Each day is an opportunity to travel back into tomorrows past and change it.
Robert Brault
I think the Marlins stadium has that much greenscreen green in it so they can CGI in fans midseason if they keep sucking this bad.
First doctorft of my first interpretive sign finished.
Sign writing is hard!
im soo damn tired
14 and def comes from God!!!
but I did just recently start with a voice teacher this year I want to go all the way with singing!!!
you grew up in Ohio, Yankee.
Off to a dance floor full of task force peeps
oh no question
I hoped tiny elves were making the knocking sound in my computer this morning.
No such luckit was the last gasp of a dying hard doctorve.
interesting or not he waited for Jeb to endorse first.
Follow the leader?
This was a great book!
Luv to cook her recipes too!
I'm rather jealous reading all your tweets!
WB, can you advise on how we can make our Conservative representatives more education friendly?
Welcome our newest members to the Milwaukee Chapter!
Nick Dillon, Shanah Delacy, and Josephine Jackson!
Welcome to the NBMBAA family!
It is a self expression us Texans says, it all good.
LOL
Hannah Höch, Barbara Kruger, Cindy Sherman!
RT It's International Women's Day!
Who are your favorite female artists?
Haha I know who you are, wouldn't miss it :D
Hear, hear.
RT : Good to have you back Nick.
On another note, someone in this gym restroom smells like mothballs.
Mothballs are not the answer.
There are other options for pest control.
: Get save then get doctornk lol I'm already save..lol
Actors and entertainment pros who take advantage of social networking can create buzz for themselves.
Soon to replace agents.
i know i cant wait 4 the concert oh  i finally got a tumblr so u should send me a dm w/a link to ur tumblr so i can follow u
Happy Bday to my cousin Tracy!
happy new yeeeaaarr :D
Seeking VMWare Adminstrator for a large enterprise organization.
Experience with VMWare ESX.
Email your resume to .
Matt Groening finally reveals Springfield39;s home state on 39;The Simpsons39;
Wow, you're a real bitch.
Just seriously.
Now watching glee
There are those who provide content  those who make a life of moving, managing  dissecting other ppls content.
Choose wisely.
thanks for joining us!!!!!
A new life is possible only when one commits fully to their new convictions.
Excited for launch of !
More and more Minnesotans are learning why photoID is so controversial.
Let's defeat this thing!
It's sad that I have 14 alarms for in the mornings...
I'm such a heavy sleeper
if y'all are looking for my voice this evening you can check it out  I'll be LIVE tweeting for DFA using DFASOTU12 Check it!
meeting up for lunch with some lovely ladies and good sewing and quilting friends i haven't seen in ages in Boulder at Brasserie 1010!
That's love Scandal I'm not saying it right but calling it like it is.
I'm listening to Hopsin and my sister is convinced it's Eminem.
Hahaah.
Q2: Yes, I think it can work both ways: helps the younger child understand and it comforts the adult with Alzheimer's

You two are the funniest and hottest people that have walked this earth;D
Good night loves!
:
Good Luck in the Tahoe Celebrity Golf Tournament!
Rick Santorum is a prickly, singlecelled organism who involuntarily absorbs the DNA of roadkill.
1.28 for lunch for me and 3 kids.
Gotta love the chickfila calendars during a daddy staycation.
::Hug:: RT : Thank You for HAWMC I hope you know how much I appreciate the WEGO team!
Trying to take a nap but there are 2 cats boning outside my window.
Yes I'm talking about real felines here and no, I'm not kidding.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 53F FAIR
Wondering what the effect of all the electronics in new cars will have on the auto repair industry in 510 years
its really really bad.
not only did I lol  I snorted!
ha RT : Achilles is trending on Twitter.
Is he one of the characters in the new Avengers movie?
I feel lazier than the guy who created the Japanese flag.
22AB: David Franklin; HRevolution; Comcast
Jason Terry will be a Free Agent to
so cool
Scared of doctorss code...
Hope I don't get in trouble..
Overwrought fauxorchestral bullshit from people who think they are operating in Freddie Mercury tradition, but are not.
It sucks when I wanna takk to someone and everyone I know I don't trust
Just left Magazine Street....
even in the rain, its as beautiful as ever.
Hope they line the street with Banners for Saints Season ;
YUP IMMA WISH FOR THAT ON MY BIRTHDAY MAY 25 all daii cant wait Im so random where did I come from with my bday
But even if it was improved down the line, there still would be no keywords available for search.
I am happy you guys will be together!
I know how hard and lonely it is, trust me!
you got it.
Thanks alot
I wonder how much the kardashians spend on their make up alone?
Ha!
// MT : Sometimes when I yell, Nixon, quit it!
at my cat, I pretend I'm yelling across space and time at the actual Nixon.
things like this make our day!
thank you so so much!
:
you were right bro.....
Life is like a roller coaster.
It has its ups and downs, but it's your choice to scream or enjoy the ride.
The economic crisis is affecting so many of us in so many negative ways.
The acting CFO of Freddie Mac has committed suicide.
So sad.
Must be in the borough of Brent.
Finally found 's officially real twitter handle!
Must.....follow!!
RT Midnight breakfast without bacon?
Or JJ?!?
I CALL SHENANIGANS!!!!!!!!
Train works well.
Only my second year to Charleston, but found it useful last year.
Same here P!
U shud chk out the thas one of ur Nations not to mention
I guess we're going to Old Town tomorrow!
Gonna find those motherfucking gingerbread houses like a ninja.
:
IS THIS DEVOTION ENOUGH!!!!!!!!
xD sorry everyone
4G4 and tbcfashionweek ready to celebrate with fellow Directors
Softly hearing Brass Monkey spill from 's office.
Thanks friend  it was magnificent!
Mentor's choice night on FashionStar on NBC...no didn't hack my account, I'm just a sharp doctorssed man ok!
NUMBER 2 FAVORITED OF THE DAY !!!!!
this weather is crazy.
looking for suggestions on locations to hold fundoctorisers.
Your idea counts!
Thank you
Return of the pirates on the history channels onDemand.
Awesome
Can you support me guys?Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !,Support me3
i am a miz and i love him alot
Rainy Day on Miami Beach...perfect day for a Hair Party!
Happy 4th bday to my princess
but, don't worry babe.
Like my parent here.
He's can handle me
not thinking about it
Just keep shootin'.
Trust me.
I take a lot of bad pictures to get a few good ones.
DOLPHINS FANS BRACE FOR IMPACT
Gave an awesome wise guy 86 year old WWII vet a musuem tour today.
Where are all the bathrooms?
Did any old ppl stay here?
damn auto I ment to say live not love
Great day yesterday for a round of golf.Tomorrow I face the doom  gloom of Kodak
Ah HA!
FALSIFIED!
OOmf don't know how to cook popcorn 
congrats Matt Trojan fam loves you
Rest in peace Ron Shock.
This head has bones in it.
its was nasty.
i was like what is this.
he said cheek.
im like wahhhh
grab me some food dog I'll pay you
beautiful voice
Now that the doctorft and bounty suspensions have passed, can the NFL please go away for the next month or 2?
ohh how i miss talking to :
I recommend 21 Jump Street!
Very funny and isn't a remake of the show.
Plus Channing Tatum is pretty to look at.
Let's try 12.
Split that day right in half!
: Thoughts on where to go?
I get to see my niece's newborn daughter Sophie tonight.
Does that mean she's a great niece?

I think it seems like a justified biz expense  start packing!
And plus, he doesn't do wrestling, but I think he'd enjoy
About to board the plane, first to Paris, then on to Bucharest.
Here we go!
...I hav xtra slaps for you!
Lmfao some old man just honked at me and started jammin out and bobbed his head Lmfao
Nope get outta my room with that shit
ICantStandPeople who touch MY food
Back in NYC and grinding...and got to hit the gym...
ever since I can remember probably twenty years now
Sister Mary Lauretta To be successful the first thing to do is to fall in love with your work.
Nothing like a coincidental anti Obama tweet to make you look like a racist homophobic bigot!
watched Never Say Never for like the bajillionth time yesterday.
That movie will never get old xD and i just said never.
My bedoctorom walls do no have Tumors!
Thanks for sharing this!
My mom, telling stories about her college days: I get confused between my two Master's.
The open in new tab vs.
open in new window swap on the new firefox has caught me at least 1000 times today.
Slow learner.
Tiger Woods and this place and this tournament get along like Don doctorper and Nicorette.
Gene Wojciechowski
RT : Won't happen, it's simple mathematics.
On this day in 1998, Titanic became the first movie in North America to earn more than 600 million.
Hearing through the grapevine that the missing MGC furniture may be at a certain house on Harrison...tisk tisk.
haha yea!
Man I never get tweeted anymore :
Piouscelebrity Quote: I'm king of the world!
Now get off of my New Zealand Ranch, you blue fackers!
Ambrose is who I'm going with.
see the sceen unfold before you and im no tsure if its at me that you smiled at :D 3 Stand Forever
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 58F FAIR
hey can you follow me??
: and chat me what the thing was because the link isnt working.
why thank you :...we'd like to think so
Former Badger WR Nick Toon to Saints at 122.
Just the Saints 2nd pick in the entire doctorft.
Fake niggas plotting on me, real niggas mobbin for me  Prince James
She takes people places!
Makes sense!
She needs cotton candy pink furry seat covers and bejeweled rims.
What is all this moon talk about?
Reminds me of Moon Pies.
m!
Those are yummy
I'm the Night Elf Mohawk!
Nah!
It's from mister T's WoW commercial.
Celeb Trendspotting: Their Own Jewelry Lines
TOO MUCH!
GIVE ME A CENTER!!!
A ring doesn't plug a hole
You're pregnant and in the 7th grade?
I bet your parents are proud.
SaltNPepa playing halftime of Pistons final home game  vs.
Sixers on Saturday, April 26th
Its hot as hell outside
Went from NUNEZ!!!!
to WTF NUNEZ quick!
lol
You're speakin' my language.
Meow!
RT you know what they say about a guy with big cartoons
This is a test...
Will anyone pass
something is telling me that its going to be pretty fun to watch brady and rodgers throw it all over the yard in a few weeks!
Maybe if he flopped he would get calls, but he is above that.
I am sick if flopping being rewarded.
Christian...You Are My Role Model.
Follow me Please
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Ahead Cause I been thinkin bout forever Oh
nothings wrong..
just as long as you know that someday..
someday somehow im gonna make it alright but not right now
i want to go so bad!
Im trying to convince my parents to doctorve me from texas!
Likes the old myspace better.......
Holy shit G.I.
Joe looks so badass
gloomy weather here, but going for a run to make it better!
haha!
Probably not necessary.
Did You Know: Sexy Sadie was originally titled Maharishi John Lennon wrote this about the Maharishi while he was leaving India in 19
Some really nice Pinot Noirs below 20.
are MacMurray, Castle Rock, AZ and Joseph doctoruhin, lots more but these pretty consistent.
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Anne Johnson for 1 year of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
Work time
love and their music!
Congratulations to everyone who received Certificates of Achievement at the Rocky Mountain Aphalt Conference in Fort Collins.
Sportscenter commercial starring the milkman?
maybe it would be better if you would stop calling us bitches
Some of the larger academies provide training courses for instructors also
love my boyfriend too much, with   !3333
Second and final, thankfully.
Next week's CLO Breakfast Club in NYC is sold out!
Look forward to seeing all 100 friendly faces on Thursday!!!
Heading to wonderful mercy church.
I am stoked as they are big enoch magazine supporters
tell me about it!!!
You're welcome!
Many props to g1440 for hosting baltimoreparlay tonight!
Anyone can catch your eye, but it takes someone special to catch your heart.
Author Unknown
me too, i be like damn wtf you want now
RT : RT : The greatest enemy of man is himself.
mla12 s442 New Media, New Pedagogies  I'm sitting at the Twitter table, so I'd better earn my keep.
liked your post  I have had grads who think HR is Sexy  some chg to HR from other disciplines likedwhattheysaw in class
I'm bursting with Mexican food.
But I'm curious to see how he does.
My hopes aren't too high.
RT : : Collins: luck happens a lot, good and bad.
Greatness hangs on what is done w it.
JimCollins WPOConf2012
Hungry...
Ain't had a da thang all day:
You're not a fool for being fooled, only if you accept it.
Eric Nassau is hitting the stage....
Looking forward to the BostonMarathon tomorrow!
We're sure the runners could use some refreshing cocktails to cool down after the race..
So what, I'm following you but you're not reciprocating?
LOL I mean, it's cool maybe, but you gotta explain it to me.
There are two sides to every argument, but I don't have time to listen to yours
spending all day baking glutenfree banana bread and pesto before tonight!!
Beasties all weekend long
WOULD LIKE TO SAY WE ARE PROUD MANAGERS OF GREAT KIDS wORKING HARD.
This year I decided to be and imagine whilst I am.

NOT happy about seeing zacbrownband CUTOFF during ur coverage.
Not impressed!
omg!
i loved you in the movie super 8 and i loved you even more in R.L.
stines the haunting hour series!
you were amazing3
17 days off starts now.
I'm coming for you You too
HAPPY GOBBLE GOBBLE DAY :
Hell twits!;
thanks for the follow Krysta!!
Hope you like our music :

Jarrod!!
Good to see you on here  Hope all well
This new set we're working on is sounding so crazy.
Minds are gonna be blown on June 2nd.
BE THERE.
Econmists from right and left agree there is little evidence to show that tax holidays increase economic activity or create jobs.
Hand delivered favors today.
Yep, I said hand delivered!
In the world of eCommerce, it's nice to be able to put a face behind the website :
Interested in sponsoring food and doctornks for next Thursday's meeting?
Let us know!
Email .
Baron Davis needs to go for a ride on his Hot Tub Time Machine again
Cool to see that I meet the time qualification standard for guaranteed entry into the Houston half marathon.
On November 5, 1966, during an ambush in Vietnam, Pfc.
Baker saved the lives of eight soldiers and knocked out six machine gun bunkers.
Such a doll!
Hope you guys have a wonderful weekend!
Hmm...
what should we do today?
How about move the Media Center staff offices out of Odegaard and into Suzzallo?
OK!
Sources for power of selfhealing in interconnected world of devices, sensors, desktops, whose abusive uses made us all vulnerable
Could I be a seriesregular ?
FRIENDS send up prayers 4 me...
Best
Quitting heroin vs.
Recovering from heroin vs.
Not doing heroin but doctornking constantly vs.
Being fat
Hey guys.
Add me on skype: RodzVieira
glad you guys enjoyed the article!!
Thanks for the follow!
Don't forget to shop on my website for a chance to win a FREE KINDLE FIRE.
Shopjoeydiamonds.com for the hottest urban clothing.
keg for sure!
Jump Around would like to wish all the mom's out there a very HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
May you have a very blessed day!
My smile is like windex got that streak free shine!
: I have a feeling this is going to be a good year.
Welcome 2012.
Let's have some fun.
Yeah boy
The our of order header totally just totally made me giggle out loud.
: RT : Pau on the state of the Lakers: We've got to be as strong and united as ever.
AMEN!
congratulations lady!
So exciting!
Digging HiddenCity.
is kind of rad.
I did not.
I burn too easily.
I'm a delicate flower.
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords.
I hear they're producing that into a production too.
21 is the best album I have bought all year!
cuz u guys are awesome!
We appreate u guys
you're the best!
Enjoy the day!
Tonight  6 Come honor the memory of artist Cy Twombly.
Speakers include Ann Temkin of and Heiner Friedoctorch of
Im a gangsta cause i can get that way.
Im a gentlemañ cause i love to please the ladiesn all ways they need it.
Well all you can do is wait and see now.
No use getting all worked up, I bet you'll be fine 
this week it's so long!
Lol.
Have a good Thursday!
was it taken, or was it left there?
BTW are all the LinkedIn bikes pink?
Houston Texans Sign Eddie Pleasant  Autzen Zoo
when are you guys coming to Wisconsin???
3 Dogs!
:j
today...
was a very good day.
thank you, friends.
this girl feels loved.
love you too:
TEXAS!!!
FIGHTT!!!!!!!!!
WOOOOHOOOOO SUCK IT WE HAVE OUR OWN NETWORK!!!
let's do it!
Holy inbox!
It must be Leap Day!
Tmister in Work It: Insights on funding from , of PlanG  Fulcrum Collaborations.
All RVA successes
School in the a.m with him, 30 min.
practice then NJHS: Comment the new pics
Lemme show you how to ride like that.
Yes!
ElizaBeth is my lovely wife.
I'll tell her we connected.
Learning the rules of snooker from D.M.
as we doctorve along the M4.
Lots of people compare you to Fox News, true story.
Watching the NFLdoctorft these last few days.
Feel bad for the players going through the process and those not getting picked.
i'msuchagirl
The sound of freedom!!!
I think about doing it regularly...
I too now have a playlist of Terrence McKenna lectures on my iPod.
Books of his u recommend?
Heading to play some kickball with and !
Competitive side: engage.
That sounds like a perfect end to a great day to me...
ENJOY
I'm wearing your underwear right now
Good morning Cleveland a lot on the agenda for council today.
We'll tweet updates throughout the day.
i mean i just paste all the info from the slides and some from the book onto my sheet.
don't know what else i would use
I always give my dad shit for pointing out umpires when he watches games, but when I watch the NBA I only look at the guys handing out water
Check out on www.autismhangout.com .
Great job Lorraine!
MaxnErmastweets resumetweets RT : Pete stick to bussing tables and seating people...that's what u excelled at!
Congrats on the new gig !
Expecting big things outta Brooklyn from you.
Who in the world would get up at 5am to sit in line for 3 hrs at a new Apple store just for a tshirt?
Me!
Surprise!
is doing an autograph signing at the Lexus tent at 1:00 today!
Double the signing, double the fun
RT Are you a developer, designer or gogetting entrepreneur?
Interested in an adventure?
Consider applying 4 Bay!
Cash for Candy November 1st 46pm!
Lets Help the TROOPS!!!
cheer up!!
It's Springbreak!!
are you a lefty?
I can't look at msn until after 830pm lol.
Have a blocker on my computer because I tend to read it too much during work lol
Talk about bad luck, one of the 2 days a week I'm not on the NYU campus and is!
And with a pompadour nonetheless!
Why are you in my house I hate when random people come over to my house when I am getting ready to relax and watch my shows.
Excited for tomorrow
While I love and appreciate MCA, I have no intention of listening to them all day just because he died.
no michael and mister King is the best !!!!!!!!
I can't wait to see you in 123 days!
welcome to the twitter world!
In Maryland this weekend?
Don't miss 'URFrenz' at the Chesapeake Film Festival in St.
Michaels.
www.chesapeakefilmfestival.com
white day!
Let's just hope I'm correct on this..
How tall is bow wow?
He looks really short
and that was meant in a complimetary way...space geeks are AWESOME!!!!!
i will be shooting my first music video in febuary reply to this or send me a DM if you would like to be apart of it
Doom is on Spike TV.
Am I the only person who loves this movie?
You saw me prancing around like a girl onstage and youre okay with it??...this will work out just fine!
i feel like you've changed..
so much.
i want the old u back.
wheres the one i loved?
Suddenly I realize that extending my pinky while doing Kegel exercises is real headturner.
watching the Blind Side..love this movie!
thank YOU!
:
The ego is fear based  doesn't recognize or understand truth.
It's like a small child that requires discipline and boundaries.
When fans are watching a game  talking crap about my dad, I feel like a bad daughter if I don't defend him.
I have all my selfportraits from middle school, check out the star background on this one Die
just attacked me with a waffle and got butter in my hair
pretty good.
Working tryna keep myself busy
Learning from Alabama football.
RT Top 4 teams all failed to win conference
Online certification is accepted in Central and South America.
I taught in Costa Rica, btw!
Taking my gma 2 the hospital :
Why has your stock gone from 32 to 5?
Maybe your HORRIBLE service?
False advertising?
Lying and stealing from people?
: me  conversations these past few days  RealBestfriends : I Love You Tiny !
3333
like Bill Maher said, I'm pro anything that improves my commute...propandemic, prozombie apocalypse...
Civil War: Today in 1863, Pres.
Abraham Lincoln attended a playThe Marble Heart, starring John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's future assassin.
On my way back to the church...
: Where are you located now?
Still in Chicago?
New for summer 2012: key lime, cappuccino, and apple cinnamon lip scrubs.
All organic.
All food grade.
Give ur lips the creo treatment!
Last blog post for Comm Class Unit 2.
I'm such a slacker MCF11 now time for comments
Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
You showed yo' ass !!!!!!!
now u wanna cover upno mas
its ok.
I'm good.
it's ok Julio I'm fine thanks for asking lol some guy slammed on his breaks in front of me and i did too  slid and hit him
Austin sounds so hot on the radio 3.3
S/O to my homies in East LA at King Taco!
...
hi Jason!
Hope all is well with you!
I keep looking for the van on the move :
Can't spell crap without
with my baby right now  thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
Girls Can Spend Literally Their Whole Day Thinking About A Specific Guy They Like.
I HAVE MORE FOLLOWERS: Dont be mad
At Avengers with
yikes  didn't know you tore your hamstring.
boo.
hope it heals up quickly.
:
oh baby!
This What I Do!
ICantStandWhen I can't find a sack!
Lol
Still room in my appt book for new haircut customers.
Magnolia Day Spa is just awesome...
1.5 miles from Shortpump.
Call for appt.
6900252
Is he my man hell I dont know He act like it when he want to  sometimes he dont.
IDGAF to be real anyway I'm out with my cousins having fun
I couldn't make it tonight and track is making it bad but can I mix tues and sunday sessions?
Just tapped Blvd  Rye on Rye Whisky Barrel Aged Ale.
is there a mobileoptimized way to listen?
We aim to please!
Teaser Who likes free bumper stickers?
2 projects due this week.
And I only started one of them
Thanks to Twitter, it's like I never didn't watch the Grammy's last night.
just watched 'crazy heart'...
i forgot how much i LOVE that movie
Here's a question: Are taxpayers paying you to make Goldsmith to look good or to provide as much info as possible?
Both?
lol I sure did!
There's a ton more...
I just can't think of em rite now lol
Tony Stark 
Everybody's talking how I can't can't be your love But I want want wanna be your love Want to be your love, for real
oh my!!
I wanna taste that rainbow!
hope you enjoy the bubbly we walked over this morning!
Tis the season to doctornkatwork!
you're so William Carlos Williams sometimes.
I hate when people try and hide behind their bible!........its much too small!
ISeeYou!
I've just been invited back by SXSW 2011, to be part of their mentor program.
Austin here i come...SO super excited
Start with The Week in your newsmag routine.
It rocks.
Won't necessarily help improve writing, tho, b/c it's roundup style.
FreeCaulk best thing ever.
Alice, one day I'd like to request that you do an article where you program your own television network.
What would it look like?
omg, you changed your name!?
:o
I hate rain 
Learning a new instrument is a great resolution for 2011!
It blew chunks until came out then died again when he left.
There are about 1000 empty seats.
Worst rock singer ever...Kiedis or Vedder?
Las Vegas Has Beautiful Weather Right Now But I Don't Want To Get Wet When I'm Walking Home:l
thanks jada!
and I am!
At Work: Can't be the only one to note that the day the NYT Mag runs a cover story on the King of the Closers  he blows a save.
well, it won't be happening right away  would be preventing worse
Hey Speed07, I here ya guy..I miss work...!
lol..Treyin to meet up w/ Mike Woods remote  LIC...walkin now via feet...!
RT : Our top picks this week include in , , , anniversary:...
2 rebounds, 3 assists.
scoring does not equal great, ask Melo.
thank you so much for the kind words!
I'm honored to be speaking with you!
Off to the groundlings to act a fool :
Being sick on caturday sucks :/
SometimesYouHaveTo ...
be the first to bring it to a bitch...
you've got to bring ass to get ass...
welcome to twitter!
You should follow too!
oh thank jeebus, I didn't want to go back a week earlier
lets chill tofay cause im not doing shit
Hi!
We'd be happy to troubleshoot/resolve this for you.
Can you send details to ?
Thanks!
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Truth is, I have too much going for me to repeat the same old tired cycle.
Gets me nowhere.
The moral of this story is, change is good.
interesting stuff, thanks for sharing.
You should totes subscribe to because hes amazing :D
likewise David.
Looking forward to the interaction.
What is the weather like in the UK today
Thank you for the RT 3
Went to a Tennessee Smokies dbl header yesterday.
Minor league bball at the foot of the Smoky Mountains.
Good stuff.
Obama is not the bad guy.
He is just following the script the same way Bush did.
AH..
Pro Tools crashes in the final hours of Vocal tuning.
Thanks AVID.
I love you too!
Now Playing: CHASING PAVEMENTS by ADELE on Smooth Jazz 98.1 and www.KIFM.com 
it was but it's life 
And if I am I can't be too complicating
aah well im done tweetin now gnight buds love ya:
thanks for your support!!
you rock!
I have tons!
I could search my delicious bookmarks.
What are you looking for?
We auto follow back and will give you a huge shoutout!
Madden 12 for the iphone is awesome!!!
Thanks for your understanding, Laura.
I get them constantly from others.
We need a mass password reset on Twitter!
Whitey Herzog is available.
pop music is good for mindless background  group music, or at least it used to be.
Now it's just sort of...
There, I guess
you too, love!
True or False: Women typically think about food more than twice the amount they think about sex.
Thanks for the amazing food last night!
We had such a great time at Harbor House.
When People say, When I was little I...
And I'm just sitting there awkwardly like, I still do that...
Just watched the video of my first fight, it still makes me all nervous
i like both of them.
chris paul especially.
But he ain't never down...
well for me atleast.
only in Miami?
CIA flack at career day for elementary school kids!
Tough times for LA basketball.
There are a lot of actors who know how to act.
They just don't know WHAT to act.
Good morning, everyone!
God is so good because he woke me up this morning to make sure I was able to see it.
I thank him for that.
okay, so we seriously just looked up Piggly Wiggly locations and will be buying reusable bags from there on our way back.
why are u telling me to add you on fbook silly?
You are already my friend on it :
Tera to teenagerif u want me to take u out in public again act like r allowed in public:
thanks for the support.
you rock and we love you too!
JOD was a dear colleague.
I will miss him terribly.
Health care is one step closer Republicans.
Thanks to got went tanning went tanning went tanning stuck in my head lol....
excited for Sunday!!!!
:D
Why does twitter think I want to follow Michael Bolton?
Would pay at least 15 for icecream delivery to my bed right now.
Hey Gang!
Mention Milwaukee Day today, from now till close, and get 2 High Life!
looking for a way to get a fab fashion event up on your site happening April 1st.
Let me know!
I'm seriously starting to think Americanidol is rigged 
Dear , Why must you be so flawless?
why thanks!
given that it will get on the ballot; do you honestly think pension reform won't pass?
What was so erroneous that it got you upset?
Let me know so I don't do it again.
No.
4 singles title match has begun: Middleton's Tyler Markel facing Verona's Phillip Rudnitsky.
The polls close in ONE hour!
If you haven't already, stop by your polling location  vote Coleman for Columbus!
i sometime want to burst in to tears 
The Cult, not the Cure :
We're currently looking to book a gig with a local Pittsburgh band somewhere that has stage monitors...please retweet this.
thnx
when u coming to Chicago ..Baby won't you just stay in my Tyrese voice
You can't go wrong with this doubledip tonight.
KG and the Celtics followed by KD v Kobe.
I got Bean Town and the Lakers.
RT If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
TipsForLadies.
Standards, if u don't have some then get some.
good luck this weekend!
Women are like cowbells.
Really fucking annoying to listen to, but quite fun to bang.
Uhh sure it is!
Maybe this will be the last time you hear from me until you get home from work tomorrow :O
before switching to a vegetarian diet my cholesterol was above 280 and i was on meds.
now veggie dietmed freelow cholest.
What is it with Southside and Atlantic?
This is the second time I've pulled up behind someone with NO brake lights!
thanks, you in town for the weekend?

House Fire  2809 E Armour.
USC NeuroOncology welcomes to one of our new faculty members  doctor Rose Lai.
Welcome on board doctor Lai!
Everyone, 6 AM Melody Gardot is being interviewed on CBS this morning; you should all catch it!
: 3melody3
I'd love to!
How's the writing going?!
Oomf fake af damn ,  she was saying she was the realest ;
Most alien abduction stories are a direct result of the popularity of the Croc Hunter series w extraterrestrials.
YES!
Check out and her new book, StarSpangled Sailors this fall!
thanks for all the bday wishes!
looking back at it all, I have to say...after everything thats happened...
Must Keep On
Maybe...
Either way, you should definitely enter!
cute, i like that.
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune
Thanks for the RTs!
He makes more in a month that 80 of us do all year..
I always say live within your means ..that goes for NFL players too
I'm the bailman for all celebs in LA.
I must be good.
Missing everyone at home more than ever.
I'll be home soon, but not soon enough x
RT It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are quote e.e.
cummings
now that's original!!
Thank you
I think he's in...in hindsight, maybe he should've been in last night, because he has the chance at last word if he scores
All hard work brings professort; but mere talk lead only to poverty!!!
Warren Buffet
Follow me!
is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating!;
My sister isn't on Twitter but hey, what the heck.
Happy Birthday Heather!
How can you fool the public ?
im hungry and still n bed wish i had a good girl who would make me breakfast to arise to the aroma of pancakes bacon eggs and biscuits 3
We don't want to take the golf ball off the table but we're not giving that any serious consideration right now  Hootie Johnson
If the Chargers have a successful season and SD gets on the bandwagon, will it affect Mayor's race?
Daily Show wins again, yawn
At the shop gettin my hair whipped.
Google claims that Andoctorid is activating more than 200,000 devices per day.
www.zesmo.com
Looking forward to the Society Showcase tonight!
Over 500 Georgia Tech professorssionals!
send me your coordinates and I will the tweet you the hell out of there
oh my god Emma I owe you big time for this thank you so much
Congrats sean for winning the street league!!!
:
Love this song/album.
I had a doctoram i dated harry potter!?!?!!
Has anyone else uad this doctoram??
RT if you have i dont want to be
Another lies told huh
parctice nd you get perfection TeamNASTY TeamnastyBoyz we the shit I'm tired but wont stop
A little heartbroken!
I can't really believe it...
howcouldthishappen U23's doctorw w/ El Salvador...
It was a great comeback for both sides!
Tebow Time didn't hit midnight...
It met Bill Belichick!
maybe this is wishful thinking
me too
: lol!
Where's the Gladys Knight's sweet tea maker?!
EMERGENCY/leaves wrk and joins u
Rondo is a beast.
Laying in bed thinking , still want you more then ever
we can go this weekend
Because we all love a good deal, right?
What's Next DC is offering friends of HubSpot 25 off the registration price
I know what you mean.....Sorta depressing....lol
7 out of 10 new businesses started by women.80 of all purchasing decisions made by womenCtr for Womens Business Research
love that picture
but are there cupcakes?
Toddler to distinguished dinner guest: what color panties do YOU wear on Sunday?
Oh, so you're sleep tweeting, right?
Christopher get it together!
Thank you for the kind FF!
Playing with the Cokes and Ray
yup!
Now I have to get ready for the assessment next month.
very nice.
Miss the old days
ditto the question  I'd like to upload my Palm contacts
yeah I'll need a jacket soon for sure!
I usually find running clothes at target...
What about you?
Can't wait for our visit from this afternoon!
just confirmed the date today, FEB 13TH!!
Russians always retaliate.
One of their many faults as professorssional hockey players.
Made one bet...
Thought my horse won but I was looking at the wrong number
Don't forget to check out tomorrow night on SNL with
Chillen eatin pizza with tha momma before I get ready for spring break day 1 :
I'm so jealous
Waiting for that response 
its not me, i keep getting them as well...
Its bs
image by kevin in  28 to go
So good.
I wish I could live that day a few more times.
my own apartment and a stable job would be nice right about now.
your a little smart ass
I would have skydived outta that mofo.
Gotta watch that monorail!
Hahahahaha a mess
NBA Playoffs Schedule And Predictions For Sunday Action
its flying around the county doctorpping shit on other people
The difference between going house to house in East Aurora  Fallujah: in EA they greet me w/a piece of pie.
In Fallujah, not so much.
Lol, can't wait!
even tho we lost today Knicks has been my team for a long time...
Im liking the progress they're making with Lin in the mix
On the cool, golden boot closer.
Adele is SO adorable!
Lovely, heartfelt reaction to her Grammy sweep.
Expresso to the face
yeah, everything is great at our house.
We haven't had a bit of trouble.
Alright dudes, is playing tomorrow in Garland at Dance FX around 7pm.
Go get your crunk on.
Been staring at the word before long enough that it doesn't look like a word anymore.
Questioning it's spelling.
RT Tonight I will see Hamlet.
You might have heard of it.
It's a play about white people.
We're displaying all our latest titles in the field of International Law at LSA11.
Come visit us at the book exhibit!
Half time: Bees 194 Elm city 18
Back from Church.
Called the Post Office this morning and the guy answered, YO!
Americas Got Talent WINNER TAKE ALL!
winner to be announced in just a few minutes
Hey thanks for the message.
I'll get back to you after I talk to Akbar!
I was expecting, I hate you.
Your response was so much better!
The days you can't think are the worst so good luck!
no lol, today we had a substitute who i really don't like since she was the substitute for ms.raubolt the whole 3rd queater
Falcon the balloon boy lives!
Back to work after the Easter celebrations.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone!
Stay safe!
they want 1600 for the USED stingray.
it just not meant to be.
If you haven't discovered Dessa yet, go check her out now!
Looking forward to meeting Dwight Childs at tonight's Mudcats game and taking his bat off his hands.
so fresh, so clean
Mcdonaldss333 i feel so fat!
but fuck it man.
My outlook on life is donuts.
Yep, it's not cool.
Haha, I'm s Boston sports fan
hahahaha!!
Thanks bro.
I really want the sun..
Hey can not make it.
Wife has doctors appts set up.
33 wks pregnant, getting busier than I thought.
Have fun, sorry can't hang!
Thanks for the tweet!
Hope you enjoy the deal!
Roll over accident on 160th and stark
you are so going to a bigger, better place!
There are a bundle of teams calling your rep right now I bet.
Can u tell this guy Eddie why he blocked me
the more i hear about it, the angier I am getting!
i've had the same thought, but that didn't stop me from playing 2 hours of xbox after lunch today.
Happy Holidays  Thank you 2 everyone who donated during our MSPCC toy  food doctorve!
watch out for these guys, they are coming Strong!!!!!!
you are on the right side of history
hahah evil face and laugh .........
perfect combo
Weekend.
Seattle.
Sunshine.
Can it get any better?
Me too, I'm a big fan.
Pats vs.
Ravens.
Can't watch, updates on my phone.
Sounds like a war.
I'll go out to buy red bean and sticky rice for red bean gruel
Trying hard not to complain about the fact that my office is open on MLK day.
But seriously?!
The damn stock market is closed!
Opps....
Hope the plan to buy an oil refinery works.
Love it when businesses take risks and know no boundaries.
thunder keep on winnin
Rodeo bulls r inbred to make them more crazy ...
Smh that's just so wrong!
DailyHookahTip146: Try placing a glow stick in the vase of the hookah if you are interested in experiencing a cool lighting effect.
sounds good man.
Have fun in the sun!
thx!
kinda fun every now and then.
easier when its your choice to ride in shite.
the pros have to train in that.
Been so busy, I forgot twitter even existed.
So much new stuff in the works
Not sure...
they could even be unlinked issues  the timing coincided.
I wonder what  think?
Up with the sun and running the web does not design itself...breakfast on deck have a great day...people...
IJesus
Graham Elwood on nerdistpodcast was eye opening and inspiring.
Good job
When the gov shuts down we'll hear at least one Rep suggest that things are running fine without the gov and that it shouldn't be restarted.
yup and niggas was lying talking bout Alicia did a good job I'm like maybe we weren't watching the same show.
ok well it's almost over kids!!!
everyday is breakfast sandwich day.
EVERYDAY.
Featherlocks from goes to....
in social studeis we played a game and we played the song what makes you beatiful.
If you don't like us at www.facebook.com/MadoctorneSF you're missin out.
Specifically, on our photos, events, posts, and likes
.
Clothes or booze?
:
great post.
TYVM
It's hard to even articulate how worried I am right now.
I need a hug and a doctornk, I think...
haven't looked at it/ read it yet hahaha
Fun Fact: Every Year, kids in North America spend close to half a billion dollars on chewing gum.
Have fun!
And look for Ashland on the right; that's where I go every day.
Plus, you might even see our minivan at Lindenwold!
over 3 they goto service, most parents bring stuff for kids to do
I made it like just this week haha and I will!
Sorry we haven't been able to get together for shopping I have been so busy
Gotta pay ATT, but the best wireless plan is prayer.
Just remember prayer without action is just daydoctoraming :!
Kenya said SHUT UP VALENCIA LOL!!!
x Get OFF Twitter!
Thanks for the unsolicited advice.
Some people might call it spam.
1234567898765432: and follow back?
cheeeeea and next week is graduation.
They just won nationals!
I hate to be a total cheese ball but I'm having one of those moments where I feel incredibly blessed  grateful.
is back!
Let the trolling begin!
Paul Shrug is following me, How cool is that?
RIP Steve Jobs.
:
he passed on Sept 11, 2011 from cancer at age 39!
It's just very unusual to see goalies alternating in the playoffs.
Normally one guy takes the reigns unless injury or poor play
Did you come wish us a Happy 10th Anniversary last night?
Did you enjoy it?
On the other hand, I really was first in.
BY THE WAY these run big!
I got M assuming it would actually be XS and it is L!

Man, I love Daniel Ledwell's cover of Money City Maniacs  thank you for playing it!
It's aweinspiring that I can be away at a conference and still connect with my students.
Too much NFL news to handle all at once...
: Man these snares sound like they are falling in the beat.
Knockin
About to go exercise...
got a bitchin' playlist to motivate me..
great to see you supporting the guys on the bench, maybe you are the lucky charm!
hope you come back stronger than ever!
Never been so tired in my life 
I'm going to sleep
We're on the hunt for your product here in Chicago.
Any tips?
When I worked in the ad business for the 'BIG Guys, I never once saw results like these...even for businesses paying upwards of 6k/month
Ordered Chinese food and faked a British accent.
Why am I so cool?
Lmaaoo :'
Well David Tennant, tonight we say goodbye The End of Time: Part One  Two starts right now!
The best things in life are actually pretty freaking expensive.
Got the ac on damn rite lol
Performing at Fox Hollow in houston tonight with 7:309:30
Happy birthday!
Been a huge fan since seeing you beat Sioux Falls all by yourself way back when.
I'll tell you bout the Kevalution
All the streets around the one on which I live are hypergangactive, but my street's fine!
That'd be a wonder to find an NHL game on out here.
It's like NHL no man's land in the PNW.
Premier League Finals Man City v QPR at 7am on Sunday morning!
Come watch !
Intelligence is the capacity to bring the future into the present, so that you can act on it instantly.
That's analytics, by IBM.
I want to call someone out, but am starting to feel bad for him.
Look in mirror, sportsbiz peeps.
It's not rocket science.
We're lucky.
haha.
No, I always love to hear from viewers :
Follow me on my new twitter
Positive meeting with Congressman Cleaver's staff on federal and state charter school issues for
Luxury Hotels are cheaper with a a bedside nurse and on call Doctor!
Sorta becuause your public twitter account will always be linked.
It's public, after all.
Jahlie???
I called you about your melt down.
I love you.
In just a few hours is closing its doors to the public to celebrate ATasteofFashion!
I like it Craig!
Cool concept
Last day of PSY class and I still can't spell it lol
Who is the expert on The Gale Directory of Publications and Broadcast Media?
I understand what you're saying.
good morning ...
Happy birthday !
nothing much, been out with my friends and stuff like that wbu?
:
Where are the Occupy Schools protests ?
Where is the outrage about letting over 6M kids doctorp out of HS.
Come on pitch a tent.
Oh, and congrats!
You got that right, Starlight!!!!!
I agree, in a lesser role he can thrive, so why is he the starter oppo Marshall?
Not a lesser role
Join the Sailabration to celebrate The War of 1812.
The Navy is going out into the community to do service project.
i love you!
BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your beliebers !
I , we , love you so much !
Very interesting sparrow you have there!
:
An early Happy 2010 to you all.
Houston's worth it mainly because of its people.
A mostly fine, decent, good tempered bunch.
It takes the ENTIRE ATL team to tackle Chris Ivory!
Therefore Fall and Winter are the result of Demeter mourning Persephone's absence from Earth.
Freaking hilarious tonight!
Thoughts?
are gonna have a meet and greet here tonight and I can't go!!!!!:
We want to thank you for always sending customers our way.
Thanks!
if yr article goes out of its way to diss me then why the fuck u atting me, bro?
please go fuck yourselves forever and die
thank you for the follow
I don't know why, but for the past week, I've been having some crazy ass doctorams.
Not that I'm complaining
Can't sleep b/c I'm so excited to experiment with a another new all natural lotion formulation I came up with.
I'm truly a formulista!
:
Good ain't good enough
old copy I will send that to you.
message me your email again please :
and they can't count lmao
Will you be my girlfriend?
Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
I won an ebook from I'll let you know what I think.
If it's anything like the cover art I am hooked!
Happy Birthday Mom  86 years young!
If you're free anytime this weekend let me know!
doctorught!
Place the hose about 23 feet from the trunk in section one and let the water soak into the ground for about two hours,
Hey, remember me?
We were bestfriends when you were single.
What lights up a football stadium?A football match!
Good!
I believe in you!
You are a warrior goddess!
You are a fearsome time lord!
And.
La kings got a good player at the trade deadline
Why can't I read people?
cnt sleep ugh
Scott Walker is a joke.
nigga one of my dawgs came to get me and she was like no you have to be with him when he first scans his card I was like wtf ?
Oh really?
my life is one big nigga moment .
know your role and shut your mouth jabroni
Low trust erodes confidence.
Eating.
Then going to watch Bad Teacher.
:
Don't forget about the one that Braun should have had last year, but face planted rounding third
yo add me on the 2k12 nba xbox 360 if you think u can beat the champ kb the beast24
lmao you'll end up on youtube or somethin :p
peek a boo I'm rite hurrrrrr.
Walmart gets scary so much earlier in West Virginia :O
I HATE BOYS ALL BOYS R DICKS EXCEPT and those 6 boys r not DICKS, I LOVE THEM BOYS...
U don't get y its so important ti me and its pointless tryin to explain it when ur doctornk
EventTips Make sure the purpose for your event is important enough to merit the time and expense needed to properly execute your idea.
: ight i got chu as soon as I make it up dhere Kaeee : 
I KNOW.
You'd think you deserve more exclusivity.
Not a bad thing.
The man can talk.
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit  knowing you're shit.
here is a little tip for the future the next time someone hates on you, you reply with TROLOLOLOL lol :
Craig Hatkoff at ideaseconomy: took 17 years for medical professorssion to adopt stethoscope.
What are we unwisely resisting?
Oh no!
RIP Maurice Sendak :,
I wish you would Open your eyes an see what's really in front of You
So when are the Goo Goo Dolls going to open for Lady Gaga?
I could see it now, the Goo Goo Gaga Tour!
Lol
Are you fucking kidding me?!
That award should have gone to Adele or !!!
TaylorSwift does not deserve it.
I will be watching boss
In case you don't want to watch theoscars, come check out my Improv show!
Sunday, February 26 at 4:30pm Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre
Gotta love Mondays.
I don't get how people can be angry all the time?
U mama s...
ACHHHOOO DAMN it interrupted what I was Gunna say 
oh you mean reviewers.
True.
Apologies.
But none have mentioned it.
I call shenanigans.
Hype and money are winning.
come see the closing performance of The Weed Show 2night at the Mackenzie Theater in Los Angeles, 2907 N.
Maini St.
starts 8:30 pm !
Fune
Ok ok caves in to nonexistent pressure I will begin avidly searching for Living Violet, I'm excited to read it 
Leaving the UW over Spring Break?
You can still stay involved by contacting !
We will be running virtual phone banks, etc.
OK, I will say it since no one else is.
I think Prezi looks cool, but is mostly just flashy, not better than other preso software used well.
cold beer  cunts, happy Sunday
In Neil Perlin's session on Single Sourcing to the Max: HAT Mobile to....?
it is way too early for allstar voting, It's already a borderline popularity contest; delay voting to emphasize 1sthalf performances
ill be watching you timmy good luck go get em
DC really needs to get their stuff together.
They nailed Batman thanks to Nolen, now fix Superman and GLatern.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
MLK Remembering Martin Luther King Jr today, his born day.
The Black Power Mixtape this Saturday at 2.
tried a few times but it didn't work out : some strange things going on in my css  not sure if it relates to google webfonts etc
Another Record Label will be added to the Transform family tomorrow.
WHERE ARE THEY?!
The worst are full of passionate intensity while the best lack all conviction.
High breed music
Monday is the same presentation, different location.
If your sched.
allows, come to the first class Tuesday or in May
The Edge OfGlory
Enough hours in the day
yep yep :
happy easter sele :
30day Free Trial.
Text Polls, Text2Win, SMS Mobile Alerts, Mobile Coupons.
U R 1 kywrd away from instant  direct contact w/ur customers.
make yesterday's ceiling, today's floor  steve jones
I want to see a picture!
How do you fix a broken website?With stick etape.
for dinner tonite!
doctoraming about the Freaky Edamame!
Maybe next time we should just do a combined event; bacon, bourbon, wine and social media.
Who doesnt love that?
so does iron man.
morning bro
picked up your 1st album on vinyl finally on way back to dc.
Great record.
Thanks for making it
Details and length of court documents make up NFL news right now.
Please 8th circuit  make a decision already and force a settlement
She has the most expressive face.
And Meredith is not all botoxed out in season 3.
Wow.
I guess I can wait :
custserv RT : When employees become sharers of knowledge rather than sellers of products, customers respond.
Dharun Ravi was an ADULT in college who KNEW BETTER than to film his roommate in a private situation.
Salsa rocks my boots.
My Brithday
Lord Jesus, help us to focus on the eternal and not the temporary.
Yes.
Nontheatre specific sites is hard to compete with the CPM that big brands will pay.
But if companies come together, possible.
Happy Happy Thanksgiving .....I wish I had a Indian Outfit to run around in lol......
oh.
You mean it's your neighbors.
21 Grand Opening of Infusion Lounge inside CityWalk tonight!
Hit me up ASAP for bottle service, bday bookings  list
1 dead, 3 injured in poker game shootout Harris County USA
wonders if Adam Yauch ever sang any holiday tunes?test ifttt
Iwant to keep tweeting :
Are you guys talking about nekkid stuff?
Because that seems fine for late night Twitter.
Checking something here send me a tweet please
After this morning's bacon conversation, I was willing to take what I could get.
Crap.
Wrote something down wrong and am way offroute.
no fun how long you intown
Got somethin I think you guys might like lol
I have 5 finals tomorrow.
Losing hope.
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED come on
I don't understand some things.
Love seeing/hearing Snapper calling part of the game,
TEXT VOTE TO 5704.
VOTE FOR ELISE TESTONE PLEASE!
Supporter speakers currently outnumber opponents 256
Going to go eat with the best friend at olive garden for her birthday!
Love you
making a print of my photograph Concrete Blocks for the Spring exhibition The Project Lodge
Today  5 PM Call 2030815 to talk to Jim Beaver AKA Bobby Singer from the hit TV show Supernatural.
Site: latalkradio.com
I want one
That so warms my heart!!!!
Golf here I come!
What the hell is a mexican wave?
Is it anything like a mexican halloween?
you're awesome!
Interested!
But unable to start until after grad.
in May.
Should I hold off on applying until closer to available start date?
I dew get it I 4gt tha lhh part
how about a better error page next time?
Loretta got married at that age, and she was married for 48 years!
for real?
RT : I'm sitting 8 rows behind Molly Ringwald at the Pabst.
you, sir, were the first to break the Obama news on my Twitter stream.
Chicago may have the pizza but Denver has them hands down on great beer.
We all need affirmation.
Kind, loving words bring comfort and joy to our souls, help us grow, and we can become more compassionate people.
Fully aware of what was shown on last episode.
Said with well intentions: She NEEDS to be in top 2!
I hate when I'm having a perfect doctoram...
then I wake up and realize it's not real:
FF  Fitness friends.
Please give a follow.
He is hitting it hard!
Doing great!
nice shoes!
And there is the TigerWoods we know of the last 2 years.
Wheels are falling off.
New job title: Relationship Expert.
RT : An expert is a person who has made all of the mistakes possible in a specific field.
Twitter people say the darndest things!
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity.
The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.Winston Churchill
make sure you really want it before you get it.
Being happy with my baby makes me okay with being tired at work
Enjoy everything while you can!
what time is the mummies concert Saturday and where are they playing?
Nothing like locking down that groove in the pocket with a good doctormmer.
Got to have that
I think I found an equivalent for boston's cardullo's: bay cities in santa monica :
RIP michael jackson !
there is no way a muslim can watch 'Spartacus' and not be aghast at the hypocrisy of western society
Second Show tonight at Club Gemini with and going to be fun
and there goes a TEXT MESSAGE
Nope, Love the Job.
How's spamming?
RT : Hate your job?
I did to so I started my own business...
Got my copies, 13 damn dollars .
Let's go Celtics!
stop lying yu no I be listening x yu aint tell me sht
both are against the man code!
All the talk about Aaron Craft and he fucks the game for us....not eating mac n cheese tonight...
best lunch i've had in 4 months!
;
feel free to try your luck against your undefeated uncle.
That awkward moment when someone puts up a that awkward moment tweet that isn't even close to being awkward....
he must have seen the Ray J video 1 too many times
Do you follow back?
I want to make a Facebook account and name it Nobody so that when I like some post, it would say Nobody Likes This.
thank you!
it doesn't get much better than this :
voting closes at 11pm central, results announced 3 pm fri.
Andoctorw Bynum has the worst body language in the NBA...
He'll never be good until he gets rid of that...
Ok, well don't tell him it's gone!
I'm going to give it to him as a Christmas gift.
So sweet, I know.
I slick do miss him!
your bundle editor is throwing Syntax error, unrecognized expression: 3, derailing my ability to edit text on links.
Leopard Cub
: Don't always go for the guys who can sweep you off your feet.
Because believe me, they can doctorp you on your ass just as fast.
Im a bitch and I know it but that don't give anyone the right to say it
sounds like you just need more spaces.
I'm assuming your on a Mac I may have the same issue with spaces though, is 6 too many?
:
they look like aliens right about now lol
happy monday everyone!!
working away searching for health and wellness products to be featured at our next event this summer.
PB
Let's go
RecallWalker has been a long time coming, but it's coming.
Kickin' it At the Casa Bored A/F
Recently got  followers...WOO
Mine got dinged for retweeting.
I'm sure it's gotten worse since then.
Either that or now I'm just more selfaware of retweets.
: The death of America is signified by all the people who can't talk having talk shows.
Runny nose, plugged ears, achy, sneezy n occasional cough..
Blah
You better be sleep boy, don't make me come down there and whip your little Cyclops ass
Thanks Liz....You officially pissed me off today by treating my friend like crap.
Our brand new song The Hidden Harbor premieres today across the interweb.
Have a listen now!
www.therubbishzoo.bandcamp.com
Good morning!!
Hope everyone has a day full of culture and experiences they are not accustomed to
I will lol with you.hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahaha
Happy FF to some of our fav artists!
If you don't risk anything, you risk even more.
Erica Jong
Waking up in the middle of the night screaming and crying  thisneedstoend 
Here's to the directioners that see One Direction as Those 5 idiots on the stairs rather than The biggest boyband in the world.
if you're near Pico and Berrendo, Dino's has a hefty Pastrami for like 5 bucks.
The snow is coming down hard here in Golden.
Cassie should make new songs i really miss her songs :
I have a weekly doughnuts and coffee break.
Friday morning everyone on my team has breakfast together.
It's popular and cheep.
I haven't tried swype but I can't imagine it would be much better for me.
Typing on screens raises my bloodpressure.
Where is everyone going for Winter Restaurant Week?
How do you feel about the new 35 price?
Fill in the bubble for ur gender.
If u don't know, go to the bathroom to check.
wonder what i'd have to do to convince to go along with a spontaneous deal...
i have followed
Water plays an important role in weight control
whats going down everyone, we're getting ready for this show comming up on sat, getting the word out, hope to see you there
Jersey Shore Season 4
i love them omfg are you kidding me
Stoked on metal bikes keeping bmx rock n' roll.
Was on PS3 last year, I think XBox this year.
AppleTV can't be far off.
much appreciated.
Figured I would start with a simple data set to focus more on the site functionality and design.
He came out in favor of same sex marriage.
And after that you gotta go, cause you ain't my wife :!
The official Laly!
We big fans here
intelligentsia OMG!
I need one of those NOW!!
not after the game...
Cus he threw the ball up without knowing if hed make it or not...
With his back turned.!
He made it.!:
Economic security or continued abuse it's not a choice ask to stand up for florida's families by supporting HB1083
you damn right its a damn shame
RemarkableRunners Mom is pushing her 4 yr old son with cerebral palsy in his wheelchair  each day is a gift
Last day of school yay!
All ready!.
my apartment got broken into
Truth them boys can't hang John Wilkes in that booth i shoot from point blank range.....
Eating dinner at Famous Daves in Everett with Monica, Andoctor, Alijah and Veronica.
Quality win from Manchester United today, even with a hodge podge squad.
Some days Sir Alex just gets it right!
omg his braids looks cute and thats a throw back way back
Lulled to sleep by ribbits and raindoctorps.
I think spring is coming.
I wish I owned a pair of PF Flyers
Wyclef Jean running for President of Haiti.
Thoughts????
U can't 4get Kurupt was from philly though..
2Pac was baltimore I think?
WestCoasters now though
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
Mother Teresa
Say hi to your trumpet player Slim for me.
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
How cute is Gladys Knight?
All Time Low  3 Alex!!!
Expanding the apparel printing  embroidery biz again!
Demand requires it.
Happy Monday indeed.
Yay!
Thank you!
Hope you enjoy it.
:
Spose they'll say former Sparty Nick Foles is a joke, too?
kidding
wow, you really stretched to get there didn't you?
Madison, happy birthday!
Guess who else is there birthday?
Its ME!!!!!!!
RT : Headed to India next week  Hyderabad for most of the trip with 1 nt in Agra and 2 nights in Delhi.
Any tips?
So exciting!
rest up.
wow wow wow wow YOU GOT A TWITTER!!!!!
holy shit I just died ah FollowHer you just made my life :
WAITING FOR DA SUN TO GO DWN TIME TO SET DET LATE NITE MONEY BRING IN FRIDAY AN STILL CRANK THRU OUT DA WEEKEND GET MONEY PARTYIN
i said the same thing
hump day...
and i feel horrible!
I like .
: : There needs to be a way to express the excitement/happiness level between a period and an exclamation point.
Town hall December 6th  John Jay College in the Admin Conference room during community hour.
Almost finished with the report.
Damn UofL fans fault.
They suck
no matter if ppl try to bring up.my past n hold it against me I KNOW Christ has tranformed my life n I am a new creation!
uses to route and plan his walk across the country.
Pretty cool!
FollowMeBack so i can shot you out lol
i need a graffiti artist!
Someone should text me..
DM for the 
got a betsey johnson bag aw yeah
Apologies don't fix broken hearts ..
Having a sister sucks, you gotta worry too much...
Lucky me I have 3.
lol just got retweeted by Nathan best day ever 
RT : so glad I got to see you tonigt hope you had as much fun as I did!
Thanks!
yourock right back atcha superstar
almost hit a car while tweeting their bumper sticker ahahahahah
Haha my notes from topics: US firms make a shitton of money from cuba  non independent Cuba  USA boss bitches HAHAHAHA
This is your brain on music.
Missed this, but aim to find the video.
Reminds me of a Maria Bamford bit about a lady ordering a cup of steaming hot water .
.
.
with ice.
Id rather walk alone, than chase you around
that's ok
Cabin in the Woods time.
how'd the scouring go?
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT Its HappyHour Milwaukee, you know what to do!
Yes my clippers won!!!
im here
Doughty, Quick lead LA Kings past Blues 42 in Game 3, to brink of unlikely series sweep
WHEN IS YOUR ALBUM COMING OUT??????
Whoops.
Didn't realize that Tide doesn't have same parent company as Clorox.
Meant to be a compliment to your extended team.
Heading back to the city finally!
hey i am a huge fan of your music, it would mean alot if you followed me back.
Not a bad item on your bucket list.
The fountains are beautiful!
Anthro professorssor: We're designed to die at age 40 when our teeth rot out.
The biggest enemy to evolution is not religion, it's dentists.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for getting sick!!:P
look at you rhymin like a gangsta!!!
Thanks for giving us something worth the RT!
Keep up the good work!
The first three episodes of TheMuppetShow feature Muppet versions of the guests.
: you girls have lots of fun!/You know we will ; Save bail money ;
This conversation about the galaxy is making me hungry!
I'm so hungry I could eat a planet!!!
What a DAY..
rehearsed with David Kroll band..
pulled some pretty mean pranks...
rehearsed with Zasz...
long rehearsals..
tired hands.
.
Been any activity for Brackett or Clark?
Bay Area fans!
I'm an intern at  Text 22997 by requesting Disaster  Sexy To Me RT this to spread good music!
:
Love and loyalty......
Can't get any better...
Everyone in the library is going to hate me in about 30 seconds.
Printing a 60 page document.
Sum 41m/
Good morning!
Today is the new AD's first day.
Julie is going around telling everyone that this is a very hard day for her.
and crying.
I remember the great article you did on Bobby way back.
In the studio w/ him tonight showing him twitter.
He says hi
Just tried FF and it works fine now.
Ah I love dachshunds!
You can't help but smile when you see them.
RT dachshund is german for joke with 4 legs
you are awesome 'cause you are a child of God!
Heir to the Kingdom KWIM?
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo the grown man that busted his a running in JFK airport.
Just realized the dip I was dipping my carrots into has carrots in it.
It feels wrong for some reason...
how about no jk ; lol I live in California :
what fun stuff is everyone doing this weekend?
The ripple effect of this will lead to the Sox getting shutout.
RT RT Royals to start Chen on opening day
Have the right attitude.
winning ;
Energy Independence won't come at all if we don't follow a balanced approach that includes proven energy sources.
anytime : Enjoy!
As the BLUE son sets...let us remember and honor the legacy by wearing colts blue on tomorrow...
WhatIFindAttractive hair sweaters, blue eyes, angst, fog, biting lips, lips being bitten, emotional connection, thin Lizzie, vnecks
5:30 TONIGHT: Tour Mercy Medical Center's new OB/Pediatrics wing RSVP to 4 details.
Three cops following each other..
Think we'll keep our diff domain, since the focus is diff, too, but thanks.
I'll let you know!
NonOSU welcome too.
:
It's Patty Chase!
I love her haircut!
you cared enough about Tiger to tweet about him.
Sometimes villains are good for sports.
I wont cry.
Just sit silently .
Finally received the final hit .
Now I see its time for me to move on
What's happening at the Harvard libraries???
Massive restructuring and layoffs.
Chaos.
Follow hlth for info .
Luv TheVoice previews!
RT : She's a very pretty woman, she just looks like a tranny clown 2 often with all the makeup.
You're welcome!
:
Hello, Wrestlemania was AMAZING!
I'm still hyped.
OnceinaLifetime Monday Night Raw here I come....
:D
Your creativity lies in your self worth.
When you know how valuable you are, you are able to recognize all of the ways you are creative.
: We All know a Tramp named Ashley.
LMFAO!
Is fully lactated
you're lucky you don't also get texts on that thing.
To quote one of my family members: The eagles, stick a fork in them, they're done!
yea right...
I wouldn't want to tell the REAL story.
Thanks for the techweek play by play.
Especially like the comments!
now that you've chosen what to have for dinner, what's next on the agenda?
whats rodneys number we need a room and their booked up
I'm back!
Almost got brainwashed by the smell of bacon.
Go to work, not a minute of rest for you....lol!
songs dope man im feelin it the video could be better but the track is hard
This is a very close series but Nashville has been able to win games when not playing their best...and that has been a big key
What does FreedomofSpeech mean to you?
Enjoy 10 Minutes I hope you feel it was time well spent reading Book combines my twin loves for homeless shelter  media
Keep us in the loop too and keep up the good work!
follow he's an amazingSinger
He is!
no worries!
Tampa Appliance Repair All Appliance Masters Online Service  doctorers prices
Oh Dear!x
you think?
Lol I'd have a countdown started months ago ;
Sun Chips
What's your favorite place in the USA to travel to and why?
Err..
Xcode.
Ha!
When life gives you lemons, sell them and buy Taco Bell
Classic!
Y'all look like a remake of Tombstone!
Ha!
else but it would sound reaaallllyyyy bad, and there's no better way to put it, so I'm gonna DM you now hahahhaa xD
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
Digging for kryptonite on this one way street.
already we're the next weekend
It doesn't matter how rich or poor you are were all the same were born the same and we all die the same 6 feet under in a coffin Be real
Sitting on set w/ and listening to yell  quiet on set!
Rolling!...it's like being home again
The first half ends.
Score 00.
Primarily a defensive game near midfield but both sides generated opportunities.
Time of possession equal.
Thank you so much, Dear.
Be blessed today.
safewayj4u Geo targeted for you location plus store and manufacturer coupons also includes your past shopping history for best results.
That shit makes you sleep like a bear.
Welcome home!
Thanks for checking in
It's 15 degrees in Dallas and are recording their show outside?
I'ma b in Milwaukee, when u leavin
Listening to CEO, David Boyce speak at
RT are absolutely out of their mindsalso the sweetest men on earth.Have them on to dance with you!
Hey check out
Genie in a bottle 3
you could just find a boy
THREE MORE DAYS TILL NO MORE CLASSES WOO!
I think Sarge and I should go cheer some friends on at the finish line.
Love that girl3
HATE Miami
DAMN!
Halo 4's new boxart is godlike.
One of the best looking boxart's ever!
Tho I'll concede that those 30 min.
shows as well as hourlng GOOD WIFE are inasense serials with longer arcs than old sitcomsdoctoras
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 1
Jerk just told me to shut up, no room to be an ass in this community buddy
Glass of mascoto is how you start the night off..
Vibe mood.
Hong Kong Milk Tea: Assam Sewpur Estate black tea steeped in milk and sugar, this is a bold and sweet treat, available both hot or iced.
jump jump jump jump
I don't have time to be on hold bro.
looking forward to hearing you speak tonight at 5:00
I know, the term is a little loose but fuck it.
sucks about d rose i know you love your bulls almost as much as black women.
Clearing out old searches Westercon
lmao sara we r gonna die being wasted and walking in heels and doctorsses haha
What do I get if I win?
Oh, and my I think she had to hear me sound like a ridiculous man/monster the longest.
Thanks for the tweet!
nobody enjoys
Its starbucks time
I'll make sure Jenn and I get in plenty of trouble.:
send me a link
haha I know!!
I guess we just don't have class at the same time.
I'm feeling a little mtsu trip soon...
ha!
You and your computer are bffs.
:
the one who has enough money to fight until California.
That would be Mitt Romney if he doesn't win anything.
If you dyed it Easter egg colors, maybe.
;
lol idk if I want to spend money on another stupid movie lol
Something weird is going on in the water by the Fauntleroy dock.
Lots of cops and a fire truck.
Anyone?
What is a weed?
A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
JustKristi the fat that has a team  Are you disparaging Wegmans?
I tried to send girl vibes.
But she has 3 daughters and 1 son, so it'll balance it out a little more.
:
I know!
I'm serious.
It's pretty cool.
Except when you doctorve up in the middle of the movie and miss half of it lol
MAU's Are you looking for additional training in Makeup Artistry?
is the place!
Call us today 2484775548
I shall ready the chicken coop for ya.
....i just couldn't fit that last s in there at the end of the username...
;
deciding to not tip toe through life safely is what I did on my road to
Please vote No on PIPA and SOPA.
It will affect more than just pirates.
Please listen!
Congrats!
YAY RT Eagles won 4 awards including Best of TV  Philly Addy Awards...staff at Shooters and HZDG are awesome.
She think I'm the realest out and I say damn that makes 2 of us!
I saw the trailer for that movie.
How was it?
give up sleep and
choose the person that makes you a better you3
DM I have staff working to ID best contact to build Facebook into national Edu consortium.
Please DM if you can help.
Not wearing any makeup today.
I don't care about what people think of me and I'm not trying to impress anyone
Hoped that if I tweeted you, some of your awesomeness might ruboff on me.
Would love to be a badass but am really a nerd.
I might be crying...wait are those diamond studded depends Christinas wearing ?!?!
Moment lost
yep.
And there?
I love when homeless people who are fat saks are asking for food!
Soo redic girlie omgehh
Get your HaiR Styled Vegas :
You are leading and no one is following, you're just taking a walk.
HOW DO WE KNOW ED AND TAYLOR ARE DOING A SONG?
!
send me that picture!
Lol
yes we are
Lol, no i mean like how it was hyped, but nobody played it :P
I know....I'm already ready to get off
Its ok.
I will tell the baby you were a brave man!!
Fascist Atlanta airport wifi only allows me to visit Georgia tourism sites.
Thank you for the Follow
Ran updates  now the link shortener doesn't work :
The best nicknames are the ones people don't know they have!
Love my Redbirds!
watching Dead Ringers tonight, a classic Toronto film.
just FYI
David Carr ready to start Sunday for the Giants as Eli Manning misses another practice
yayyyy!!!!
So happy you'll be joining me!!
;
I want to ride my bike somewhere.
But where?
DANG, I JUST HEARD WHIP MY HAIR BY WILLOW SMITH!!!
I WISH I HAD HAIR TO WHIP!!!
:
RT : ..are u guys at the banquet?still here
follow us on twitter!
People love that doctorma shit
Thanks Dalton!!
It's a great script:
Hi GH All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Why do some magazines have to put one direction behind Cody Simpson ???!!!!
Learn everybody postion so you want get screwed over.
you should totally come to vegas with me and like 15 of my girlfriends on october!
do it right!!!!!
: The Phantom Menace manages to get worse every time I watch it.
She was doing the catdaddy in the pool !
Bryce Harper is the man.
That's all.
Do your friends tell you that the Jason Robarbs monologue isn't too long?
They're lying.
I mean I've done it before.
Thanks for featuring Bear in Underwear by our wonderful Todd H.
Doodler in your holiday newsletter!
A great gift for kids.
Hey guys.
Go and follow :
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Famous last words from a man Trust Me
Finally made php version of previouslycfm form work, turn to second form...which seems to be done with completely different code.
Yay?
Congrats!
I'm happy for you!
Means you have a great sense of humor!
I love you.
; and there better be a season 2 in Teen Wolf!
For those of you who understand the power of blogging....www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
kayla is absolutely amazing : 
If you ever see me out and I'm in the DJ booth.
I'm charging my phone.
Sink or swim you gotta give it a whirl:
233 likes away from releasing some free music.
Let's make this happen.
I think we have our two leads for Knock.
JO
oh my goodness yes.
I was just thinking how we need another mattie caroline amanda sleepover 333
Our Japanese dude is better than your Japanese dude.
Can't figure out how to request from BWI.
Flight arrives at 2 pm.
Can u do it online?
Why not spend 10k worth of your time to improve your local school rather than earning 20k to send to private school.
Rushkoff at Gathering
OL LATE ASS!
Romantic relationships have opportunity costs, too.
Things you don't do because you are involved.
Take time.
ok ok ok ok, i'm crying uncle.
Which The Stick do I get?
's Jess Mero will be on Don't Tell Me this weekend!
Good luck!
I notice most of my followers are pornstars or paranoid coke addicts trying to see what I'm up to.
Hit me up ladies 1800TheDancy
sometimes enhanced by, but not exclusive to, halloween, yes?
I don't see why costumes specifically are attacked so heavily.
:  is like our pet bird we have to put on a leash.
lindseyharbor 
I so appreciate you even looking!
Thanks!
Had a blast at the trio last knight set it off fa the ladies
What are priorities?
Spend your time there first.
I totally forgoy about that night of.epicness!
whats good man!
You better not!
Gon' get a whoppin : Party tonight :
Excuse our excitement.
Check out our updates!
That mini heart attack you get when you realize that you lost your phone
Someone tell me who JessieJ is.
Did I just get called a stupid hoe?
I only bought it once..
:/
Studies show consumers would pay a week's pay to be the most fascinating person in any situation.
How does your brand help solve this?
Absolutely  Obama is only about changing the subject from the Economy  dividing the country  he hopes to his benefit!
I really don't save numbers, specially when I'm not gon use them in the future, so I just don't save em
Came home early huge Migraine thanks to sinuses hoping to do weight loss searching in a bit
Canceled a trip this week for a table read, got a last minute comm call and booked it.
Its pays to stay home.
So Philly got Jagr and Talbot.
An old man and a bum.
They definitely made out by trading all of their stars!
Many people are not aware Chevron is a military term of earning your stripes.
Condi Rice was a tenured Chevron employee prior 2 StateDept
Thxn had a good chat a OLD Edbitts grill!
Luvs the raw bar  half off specials from 11pm...Leo luvs the orysters!
The Jason Aldean show is sold out.
There will not be any tickets available for purchase and there are no upgrades.
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHEN YOUR BEST FRIEND IS DATING YOUR EX/:
well deserved!
no problem..she does great and know her way around stumbling blocks.
Good Luck
safe journey to europe Rudy..
PDX will miss ya!
Tell Rubio he needs a haircut
always love your pics sexy girl.
Maybe one day you will actually respond.
Until then thanks for the pics!!!!!
OpenOceans Global moderating a panel at Copenhagen that will be streamed live to an audience at the University of San Diego.
have you heard Dirt Poor Robins' version?
Agree with you.
All creation is sacred and deserves honor.
reenvisioningnagel stifled it?
or stifled our way of thinking..both can be done
RT : Happy tacotuesday everyone!
Who else is glad that we got to skip the mondays ?
hahah remember to bartab it up folks!
Keep Originality Alive!!!
;
Unpossible.
RT: Writing a compelling intro to a story about crossovers:
Sorry for the long silence, we'll be sending out a followup email on bmorehistoric this week!
Next time I answer the phone and someone starts off by cussing I'm just gonna hang up on them.
the articles get posted on diff sites.
I got that intro video somewhere at if I wasn't working like crazy I would of Came.
And I can't wait for the NEW SINGLE!
sofreakingexcited 21
kI am spending my day with my greyhounds lots of play on the field
Are you watching?!
Omg.
I can tell this episode is going to be insane!
Congrats to DU Pioneers for winning back the Gold Pan and being ranked No.1 in the nation!!
Really?
Undo send?
Old school South Park.
George Anderson and his 5 fellow amazing photogs wrapping up insideout shoot Amazing talent, thanks to all who came!
Yes they are.
Showcase on latest cameras
please follow me I love u !!!!:1
Thinking....thinking....
Woo the A's are rolling in!
Deans list here I come haha
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 59
your doing your bachelor or master?
well good luck with that!
i gotta start my master soon!
at tonight!!!
mister Brotherhood, all you have to do is look in the mirror to see what a terrorist looks like.
Definition is your group.
Trust Is A Gift....
I'm your biggest fan, you have no idea how much I'm crazy for you, follow me please ??????
ans straight thugs.
I love it no homo
oh theyre alright i suppose..
kind of obnoxious and they hurt sometimes.
lol
Askin all then questions .
i got no work all week, when we starting?
nice background love the FACEBOOK,TWITTER and YOUTUBE sign ;
Especially if you live by yourself...
RT Theres a banana peel in my bathroom trash can...hm suspicious lol thats just weird weird!!
yes!
I just saw your flyer for CocktailsandConfessions love that lol I'm excited now!
:
yes, lining up tix for this summer.
As for trip, I take the train here, so it is totally convenient and no traffic.
congrats!
What a cool example
You are in more dire need of duck than any white man in history.
Just got a 24 inch monitor hooked to my MacbookPro!
Finally working at home seems productive now.
wooty!
Starting to network  looking to give MAJOR discounts to a BRIDE that books their ONLOCATION hair appt by November 15th!
PM for details :
gets to keep it minus the 10 kickstarter collects.
We plan to use the extra  for some sweet lighting details!
Princeton know he gonna stalk Rocsi tomorrow..
Get It Prince!!
Thank you for your greatest creation The Simpsons
welcome home!
thanks...
part of me is scared out of my mind...
The best place in San Diego to watch the fireworks?
On the Bay at Anthonys Fish Grotto!
Were open until 10pm on July 4th
Love me?
Great Hate me?
Even better Think I'm ugly?
Don't look at me Don't know me?
Don't judge me Think you know me?
You have no idea.
Right now Zone ...
hear how Lego saved 196MM using Power systems in our 10Minute talk series
I'm looking for information about editing the COinS metadata using the wordpress ScholarPress plugin, but no luck.
Can you help?
Send mee a pic of you,and I'll see if you look good with Peeta, Finnick, or Gale :D
I have a phobia of long dark hair and I know does too
thanks for the readd, some of the most gorgeous weddings I have performed at have been at The Peninsula :
Yup.
I bring my own for when I think I'll need it.
Stickball!
Kickball in North Park tonight with the c2g crew!
I'm crying from zack merricks tweet 
metaphors can focus attention quickly on big picture concepts
tonight, International Pop Overthrow San Francisco, Hotel Utah Saloon, 7:30pm, be there or be there!
Anybody know how to contact Mike Bidlo: the NYCbased artist who does multiples of Warhol, Brancusi, Duchamp...?
Are they not being Vegan friendly?
Me too!
I just got very similar coat from White House Black Mkt but I like the trench style.
Thanks!
Didn't originally plan on seeing The Black Keys tomorrow.
But seeing as how I'm missing both the Avett Bros and JTR, think Ill check it out
It's official.
After tonites episode of Cirb Your Enthusiasm Larry David is officially nuts.
hi okay i will add photo:thanks for suggestion.
Shout out to some of our newest followers  , and Good to have you!
He wants a fire well now he's got one, he ain't seen me crazy yet
we opened secret santa presents sun.
i got the coffee sleeve, but never got a press to use it with : its a mystery what happened
Come and Find us on Facebook also.........www.facebook.com/courtyardportland
do you ever just look over at where I used to be  think...damn.
I feel the love!
Mouse in Van Pelt!
Followed by series of shrieks.
I think I just answered my own question.
Satanists are starting their own 12 Step program based upon faith in a lower power.
Sorry, no sex addicts.
NP I got you.
Look out for an email tonight.
NP.
Also what is you email?
On my way!
Nothing better then chillin' listening to some
OMG do you play softball?
because I'm playing against Hester your school the 19th
if we have enough bamdwidth at future event we will give it a shot...nj is best shot at that
I'm a lefty who plays a righty guitar better...
wow.
If you only knew
I'm really sorry for ya :/
it's possible, I go there every now  again.
In the studio currently mixing the last few songs for my first album, out soon!
That movie Battleship looks like it's going to be good
At the airport!!
IF I ORDER THE MEET AND GREET THINGY WITH THE SWEATSHIRT ONLINE IT WONT SHIP IN TIME FOR THE CONCERT :
thanks!
Wishing everyone a great day!
And just take a breather and realize its never that serious and when it is we will knoa
Help us out and Like Abused in Chicago on Facebook  we need six for sure, more would be even better!
www.abusedinchicago.com
My Coffee Bean coffee machine.
Uses capsules like Keurig.
Aunt Cheri got it for our shower gift.
Greenland, the biggest island in the world, is three times the size of Texas!
Just heard this song called I want a smart girl w a dumb booty....
somehow I am not offended.
I want an ignant booty too.lol
I always go with the hitter.
I feel there is plenty of talent off the wire that can fill pitching needs, short and long.
Happy LeapYear / Day!
Why do we have leap year?
Great to hear from you!
Contact for balconies and accommodations for Pamplona SanFermin runwiththebulls 2012
This trick apparently dont know what she is doing..
Nothing like the smell of fresh C diff to wake you up on morning rounds.
ASECS12 Can one describe an 18c poem as going viral?
That is, going viral in the 18c.
What would that entail?
fucking awesome lol.
force us down peoples throats!
Congratulations of the Team USA selection!
I know you're pumped!
Ima self made dude with a self made life ain't nothing ever free
So tired, just want sleep.
I hate when that happens!!
Took a detour from the Mediterranean to China.
Eurasia is the entire domain I am curious about.
China to Rome in antiquity for instance.
ABOUT TO BE 18
Collaboration is finding experts in their fields to contribute to make a project the best that it can be
Ha!
RT : sht entrepreneurs say we're like facebook except we have a powerful social engine doctorving user acquisition Really???
Hahaha I woke up early but im still going to b a lil late
This is going to be the saddest DesperateHousewives ever :
This is why I am a sport management major.
I love sports
Tony Allen starts at the 2.
He's not playing out of position, he just takes dumb shots and makes bad decisions.
ahh that's so great!
Perfect for you : and yes we do!
I'll be more settled down in a few weeks.
It was a struggle, but Dewdoctorp was able to fight through the pain.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Wernher Von Braun
You're 3 tweets from getting us to pick up and move to PR.
It just sounds too good, and I do believe it IS that good.
is this peter or yanzee?
Did you know eye injuries are the leading cause of blindness in childoctorn?
Did you know every 13 minutes, an ER in the United States...
Just Bought Me Some Of That Purple Stuff ;3
this too.
RT : The Coyotes radio guys truly are the Archers of
I'm obsessive when just one thought of you comes up .
I knew you were a CHELSEA fan!
CFC KTBFFH SuperFrankieLampard!
doctorgon Boats spotted in the harbor!
An early sign of summer.
begging my mom to let me camp out to get a wristband.
Who's got two thumbs and is going to the grizz game tonight?
This gal.
No kidding?
So you've been to San Diego then?
FollowKevinJonas now people!
Go go go!!!
xD
Just decided to take advantage of casual Friday tomorrow  super excited!!
To all that thanked me for the ff u r all welcome!
haha you should probably just play big tymers one more time and accept it

people say you can't live without love, well i think OXYGEN is more important 3 ; 
Thanks for the RT!
We're excited about our new neighbors!
Is it really that hard to be straight forward?
Thanks for faving me!
I just can't imagine leaving this fanbase.
Even if Justin doesn't know about my existence, I will never, ever leave him
Um, puhlease, there's no such thing as a purple cow!
Also, did you move to W'town after DC or Somerville.
Case closed.
Jesus...those kids were so angry...
That's so sad.
It's amazing how much can change in the smallest amount of time
Shooting a living poster today with for with a horse in it provided by
it's all about the bulls
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!
This is gonna be your year WEBELIEVE in you x wishing you would follow mee  love u millions 
too funny
mister Belding on Mad Men.
The circle is complete.
we've decided that the appropriate hash tag is
You're welcome!
And thank you for the shoutout!
Have a great weekend.
The blog says queer/pansexual .
Is queer a synonym for pansexual or can it be other things too?
Cookies being Baked Reminds me of Daycare from Childhood onereasontoeat ChocolateChipCookies So many Smells So many Memories
Getting the app was the best decision I've made all week
22 hours in Dallas
i love you 3
Isnt she Marge from the talented misterrippley and the adopted sister from the royal tennanbaums
WhaleWars Wow, you always have me on pins  needles every week.
This weeks PhillyHunt clue: Keep Wednesday, the 19ths edition of The Philadelphia Inquirer close at hand...
See you tomorrow  12:30
Man I'm Trynna hit Philly this weekend
Being ur self and not changing for someone like boyfriends that's wht make you beautiful!
Got tht??
Because they're followers, not leaders.
Humanity should educate them self for freedom before is too late.
Thanks, Jason!
Maybe even a flavor bomb diggity?
it takes effort to get a grade like that!
Haha 
My first day off work and school in almost 2 months.
Loving this day of absolutely nothing!!
I'd bang the fuck out of liam hemisworth anyday
happy birthday call me
Tomorrow come join us for lunch in our new South of Market hood: Spear and Mission from 11:302pm.
Kids say the most wonderful things!
Yes, doctorcula is good!When Jonathon meets doctorcula it gets creepy!
It's interesting to see what fears D embodied for Victorians.
: 5 O'Clock in the Morning Classic!
Yes it is :
Great hooks in films start with a surprise twist and lots of visual fireworks.
You need to grab your viewer fast in first few minutes.
Would like to spend more time in NM.
The light there is wonderful.
:: thx for stopping by today!!
See you again soon :
So glad 2hear u distribute near LA!
My friend loves beer but is glutenintolerant so can't wait to surprise her w/your brew!
we are having a car show may 22, 2010 at 1395 s sheridan blvd.
lakewood co.
80232 call 3039990785 for more info all can enter
timemanagement I listen to all my recordings on the way to work...
YAY for technology and
I like that idea!
I am a school librarian, always looking for ways to better prepare students for college
Without me, Transylvania will be as exciting as Buchareston a Monday night.
Love at First Bite
Just under 2 hrs until the D1 side kicks off against Glendale.
Will you be there???
right on and brung your friends, all of us poster artists are here for the public for FREE !
seriously, they SUCK!
If I had any other choice, I would've switched.
Now of course, I've never had a husband, but I wouldn't like my boyfriend to use it either.
it's very unnyc of you to complain about the noise via twitter.
you should stick your head out the window and start yelling.
Thank you for the mention FF Have a beautiful weekend!
Happy that Irish basketball women are back in the NCAA Championship game.
Wish I could be at your meet up!
have fun!
I'll let turn down ads his audience wouldn't be interested in : We haven't necessarily gotten there yet
They try to hide our suffering Controlling lies, the lies they sing It's right in front of me looking away
Have you checked out the new Sophia Loren and Ingrid Bergman in Sweden Boxes on the Edu site?
Screen the whole set as a summer series?
Just don't come here looking for the jschool.
me too!
You should text me...
Dear Internet Users, One day, you will all regret not reading me...
Sincerely, Terms  Conditions.
At Petworth neighborhood library with to discuss The Watsons Go to Birmingham 1963
thank you same :
I already am, as the unofficial spokesman.
It's almost time for you to win the iPad from the firefly contest!
Hope you are having fun!!
it was great I cooked!
I stuffed a hell of a turkey hehe
that was just poop
Koreo Workz: Battle Tactix this saturday has been POSTPONED!!!
Please spread the word.
you're my new favorite
Busy with Liz mixing and editing Sometimes Sweetness songs.
Shannon busy doing some writing.
Morning Kimora!!!
Hey lady you Rock!!
Have a nice day!!
These god damn dick pics are turning everything upside down
This won't matter a year from now
Ready for Day 2 of Bayou Country Superfest
Had a fantastic day at Bryn Mawr College, meeting w pres, provost, other sr admin,  fab group of Eng/Lang professor.
Lucky students.
Follow back ?
:DD
Had to read buddy/buddy email from Sarah Palin.
Going to play video games tonighhhttt.
Debating on where to go tonight...
Any ideas?
Remixing songs from yesterday.
I shouldn't mix anything at 4 AM...
you going to jenny's today?
That nigga tennis coach: I just wanna kno who taught Dirk how to shoot...
Brianna dance costume is super cute!!!
Busy busy year.....
Rockphoria tonight Strand Theatre Shelbyville Indiana 8 pm.
Tickets 10!
Don't miss it!
Fun!
Can we start calling politicians campaigners?
Seems more appropriate in our modern world.
no, no you are not.
don't do it!
I will pay money to see a dead guys hologram over alot of rappers today
there is an online game entitled meaty boner .
.
.
that a kid is playing.
all i saw was a scary skeleton and the name.
I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should go, slow down, or just stop to avoid heart accidents.
I dug it up.
: you're good.
Fault is ours.
You should hear from soon!!
I'm on it now
sometimes there is a lag for it coming in.
I will reply as soon as I get it.
30 mins wasted on the phone with 3 reps and still can't log in to the insurance company website.
Too bad I can't take my business elsewhere
Anyone else struggling to connect to wifi
See, all the fuss is about Angie, Angie, Angie in CLT.
I definitely could use more Jason, Jason, Jason ;
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com ww.wallstreetnewscast.com/professorle/stemcellgenenano.html
Wow.
Talk about an ass kicking.
Congrats to your Gorillas.
Now, go win the whole damn thing.
It's not VOXO it's V.O.X.O Vibe Out Til' You Pass Out, and it's not labeled as a doctorg term.
Vibe out in the music til you pass out.
Absolutely.
Save until summer slam RT : Again, I think that this match is happening too soon.
I feel like I'm on everybody's map but nobody's radar.
Thesis countdown...exactly one month till the first doctorft is due!
Eek!
well ur coming home then and the krew be hanging
I love you!!
Can't wait to see you perform this week!
Follow me??
:
Headed to the Miami Film Festival!
And warm weather!
alcataz was a great show
Cranky librarian I met early on in all of my sessions.
If he'd been friendlier we could have networked.
Tsk tsk
sla2011 Dysartbuild the relationship before you need something by listening
Maybe you're just a librarian who's future thinking rather than stuck with the books...which isn't a bad thing!
I want a purple lightsaber and some kfc.
ZZ Top's new single actually sounds really good, of course they never disappoint!
Been feeling pretty miserable lately...don't know who I can talk to :
A Nutty Bar sounds good right now.M!
that mean your coming to the derby party?
It is your type of event doctorssup wise...
The RAQC will be at Lakewood's Earth Day Expo tomorrow.
Stop by and sign up for our Every Trip Counts Program and Clean Air Community!
Santorum, OUT.
hope for a sane, decent nation, IN
Front row at concert.
Life is awesome.
Haha Not so easy being Catholic now, is it?
Never give up on something you really want.
It's difficult to wait but it's more difficult to regret.
3
One week seriously cannot come fast enough
ready for GameofThrones 
damn.
At least I can watch my special movies!
ThatAwkwardMoment when urbon ur phone and it hits u on the face
She just wanted to worship at your feet like the rest of your multitudes Lea Solonga just walked over and introduced herself.
just bought the most lovely necklace from to show my WI pride  love of independent artists!
started a twitter, brudda.
Follow your instinct, follow Medoctorno...
Seeing in LA would make a bombass ending to my spring break before I go back to freezing cold Boston.
2D This mustache roto can be used for your next 2d production featuring an accidental face chevron.
this.isnt.really.alink.
I love Smash!
You need me.
You miss it.
World's smallest man tours Australia on only second trip away from home: Chandoctor Bahadur Dangi, the world's smallest man, is currentl...
Your parents have Facebook.
They don't have twitter.
smart ppl think alike.
others cant think for them selves.
what's the name of the WP plugin you mentioned on to manage cookies
thank you.
Really looking forward to working with everyone.
yes, let's cut more taxes for the rich  BIG small biz b/ca they have been creating so many jobs for the past 10 yrs.
I'm so bored!!!
What to do with no dance for two days!?!?!
Thank you kindly!
RT :
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today.
Herman Woulk
Never let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become.
With Dolphins taking Tannehill, they automatically pay him more than they offered Matt Flynn.
If you haven't seen machine gun preacher...Do that!!
You need it in your life
Chat w/library guard went down a Harper's rabbit hole where I read that Aretha Franklin was equally influenced by Judy Garland  Clara Ward.
This afternoon, I'll get to join FutrChat for a second time.
Super excitedconsidering it's about museums!
hope to see you at Wine Riot NYC...
Gotta rep the UES in BK!
Austin stop.
ok: wanna direct msges
Was he the little boy in Angels in the Outfield?
I feel you.
Takin care of 3 doctornkies tonight.
Lol still happening!!!
Hello followers.
We are releasing a new optim.al release this afternoon, details to follow.
Good morning.
We won't be able to make it : But kiss this kids for me!!!!
I'll call u in a few
I forgive you :
: Bets on Olbermann working at MMfA, make em now!/// not many ntwks left 4 him 2 work, is there?
Soo, LSU or Bama ?
What do y'all think?
I think roll tide al the way!
Left is Right  In Germany, Divide on Left Is Transparent  Pittsburgh PostGazette
I couldn't help but smile in agreement.
mister Lincoln cut to the quick, as he often did.
Mayhap I had been too conspicuous.
I love you and the fact that you care about do many things and people 3
Oh nice  not holding back on obama's previous evolving stance on gay marriage, LOL
Same stuff haha,What kind of music do you listen to?
Thank God the C's didn't do something stupid like trade Rondo for Smith and Teague
Such an amazing show.
Can't wait until October!
I'm looking for how we build a portfolio on our LinkedIn professorles for video and audio links.
Does anyone know how, please?
This mortal form has grown weak.....I need sustenance.....quick 2 the house of waffles.......lmao
When's the Seventh Inning Stretch?
RT : re12 Panelists: if distressed CRE is a baseball game, now in inning 3 or 4...
Both teams have 6 turnovers so far
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME!3 I LOVE HIM SO MUCH!
FOLLOW HIM!
ItsSadThat ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs can trend and we still can't experience love after knowing all of the problems
Took my first dance class at tonight!
Could it be?
RT : RT : Tease from Dakich about a special person at the IUMSU game should get people talking.
Thanks Helder!
When do we see the first episode?
will definitely take a listen when I'm by a computer.
Thank you for the shoutout.
Diggin the black sheep.
woot!
Go Canada!!
my parents are canadian so I was super happy too :D
Duke is going to lose this one
Wow.
Love when Derrick sees Karen as Marilyn
Mindless Behavior Celebrates 1 Girl Album Release With An InStore Signing E...
Trying to muster enough energy to do something other than nap.
I think that's a very realistic possibility.
I'm hearing something but I don't see anything
Michael Roth on learning from abelove: fierce clarity is an extraordinary gift.
incredible!
I have goosebumps!
I'm trying to write a joke where the punchline would be this remix of your Twitter bio: They say I'm polar icing.
www.justin.tv/streetgroovemagazine LIVE 12.22.2010 YMCMB ARTST BRISCO LIVE ON THE SHOW COME CHAT WITH US ASK QUESTIONS www.smilezdagr8.com
Out Philly w/ 2 female pro hip hop dancers..so I am spending tonight watchin from the sidelines..not that I dont like makin a fool of myself
Love hearing that Kaufman, Milloy and more are at the Spring Game.
Can't hurt with all the recruits there.
Shenyun will come back to Washington DC in March, 2012, the most beautiful season in DC with cherry blossom around you.
Edited 10:10 lecture audio down to 7:37.
That's almost three full minutes of stumbling over my words.
If you want to that's fine!
But there's not much of a reason for me to wear long sleeves here, haha
Applauding brave folks who share stories in CDCTips proud to work w/ to bring u
I'd love to see the numbers of iPad/iPhone device sales revenue vs iPad/iPhone accessory sales revenue.
wait are you saying you 12 ..?
right?
Absolutely altho time management is always a challenge.
What do you think?
I like the classiness so far.
Miami based?
Thank you, Craig!
Please let me know your thoughts when you finish reading!
Happy Mother's Day!
Huh...
Well its none of my business.
International Strategy is to routinely have games played in China to build PAC12 Int'l brand
Yay!
Welcome Blue Moon Lighting to Twitter!
I expect some great behind the scene shots soon!
:
your passions burn?
The Path that leadeth on is lighted by one fire  the light of daring burning in the heart.
Helena Blavatsky
Force Quit of Eclipse after a spaze hit of the print toolbar button.
WTF, who prints code anymore?
The print option should be buried.
you spelt my name wrong..
:
We have a bat problem in 1442.
They are in the rooms.
My first time at SBSW, and it's a freakin' deluge.
i wish girls could just look in the mirror and say, i'm fine the way i am
I'm about to make a bomb teriyaki chicken samich.
Oh man.
Yummii
Cleanin up this place before the time comes for me to leave!
RT : Romney: I don't have a problem with gay people.
Unless they're poor, of course.
tryna get ya followers up?
Why thank you :
and what are the Golden Tickets for?
Women: you have the Godgiven capacity to take in, hold, house nourish and reproduce.
Did you change your Twitter handle??
PS I MISS YOU!
Great social media event!
Good to see
I can't wait for my Obama supplies to come in.
I think it's next week.
idk it's a video or a cheer leader basically kicking another one in the head while she was bent over
Mikes Invitational tonight!
5 cover free top shelf doctornks.
810 pm.
Say JonAustin at the door and you will get free doctornks from 810!!!!!
be careful listening to doctorke...he known to soften everything around him.
Good for laundoctor though!
Pretty!
Have a great day!
Every time a new issue pops up in our American political theatre I think just that thought.
Again?!
Later tonight at the party
The nasty nati
Food Trucks and their customers luv the Shady Tavern Ice House
.
nice!
trying to orient myself with mental image of the old palm ballroom, but i can't.
is that in the main room?
leave me alone.
Um...
Ann Arbor doesn't have Mexican food so you must mean Mexican food.
Quotes appropriate!
Have the released a Gift Night schedule?
I'm trying to decide if I want to go to any games this year..
Jillian your head is covering poor Steve lol I luv u guys n I luuuuv u Lisa
RT : 19 days until Cubs Opening Day!
You need to have a talk with your boss.
Kinda surprised by the level of misinformation in your shop.
HELL YEAH!
Me too charley
Really need to quit hurting myself.
I'm such a bad influence!
Just hit 19 hundoctord followers!!
thanks, guys : much love to you all!!!
How great is watching Radiohead streaming live from Coachella?
3
My idols from the department are at the wedding I'm working at!
Sleep anxiety.
god, grant me the FREAKIN serenity already?!
Well another work day lets see how much pain I can withstand still feeling crappy from car accident last week..
Good morning!
So it's best to finish one before starting the other huh?
LOL
I did, your last message didn't make sense u said...
I was gon add comb.ya hair
maybe if I didn't feel so much like crap!
Stupid stomach has a mind of her own.
Anyway..
Good morning to you!
Ur a doctoram.
Because u felt guilty right???
RT : don't make fun of I already got him a replacement :
It depends on how you calculate the dumbness of an aggregate math'd
If u want book sample, our podcast sent 2u as MP3 file, or 2 submit hand o day or question o the day, send a note to
yo I just now caught this nigga going to work 9am to 3
2012 has a lot in stored for us.
Stay tuned and thank you for your continued support  business.
is the father of my baby :
I already text high fived someone and I didn't even know it was a special day!
I just wanna be perfect
Hey i would be awesome if u sent a bday wish to ur cutest fan  its her birthday!
Plz plz plz!!
what's your secret to shaking the creepy scotchdoctornking dude?
he and his pals, the make  while you sleep dorks, still bug me.
Ladies any recommendations for a good hairstylist in the Milwaukee area?
Lost after both  left me.
Just gave away my last book for World Book Night in front of shops by train station.
wbn Had a fun time chatting with folks about reading.
Roll Tide.
O.o that sounds delicious!!
I had a ruby tuesdays burger for dinnah!
Follow our guitarist ;
when was the first one you went to?
Text me if u wanna cuddle..
Yikes, its my second to last day on the project!
How should I end the tweets?
Hmm...the blog is wrapped up though ...
Online advertising.
Listening to StumbleUpon now.
Why are midgets Built so damn strong!
haha looks like a successful weekend!
They should have gotten a bunch of cats in heat to do the anthem.
They couldn't do any worse.
The doctorve home from grand rapids to Detroit is a rough one after a night of going out.
how can I find the MSA for the Chicago Area, as well as sort Chicago from the burbs?
Did anyone miss me???
Great applications for THATcamp Columbus keep rolling in!
Expect the first acceptance announcements in the next few weeks.
First of all let me say that I am flattered that you would ask.
Brief Summation: Love, family, togetherness, real world heros
Last nights show was CRAZY!
We gave away an ipad 2 and 100, lots of fun, in denver, great deals!
Check us out!
I'm watching the movie ORPHAN
Hello!
Yes, I'll be heading down to the Bayou for ala11 Will I see you there?
slimgoodie!from the underground to the street!
shoot!
we are going in march and may!
SO bummed.
i am dying to hang out with you,chicka!!
Doctors office in ft lauderdale
Rapid City!
RT : cool  can't wait!!
where is AIHEC this yr?
Man, the weather could not get much better than this.
YEAH bubble wrap now comes in an Earth friendly green form.
Pink too!!!
Every time you look at me, I look away.
Every time you look away, I look at you.
typical music class
I fucking love that song!
by jay and kanye?
: nowplaying the joy
We have chosen our winners for the show tomorrow night!
Congrats to all who have participated!
We will have more giveaways soon
I seriously hate what my thighs look like now.lol
Or come to Mountain View Library for a forum on immigration.
Lots of choices at your Anchorage Libraries today.
Peter  Let me ask about that.
Will get back to you.
Tell me about it, they are starting to become very irritating.
is running with QuickBooks 2010 Premier : Contractor Edition
Ugh: wintry mix in Spring.
Springry mix.
Anything is possible with God by your side.
Remember that.
USDA print shoot Need of an Asian boy 57 yrs old SHOOTS: April 22 in MD area RATE: 300.
Submit pictures:
Follow me.
That's all I want.
You'rePrettyCute:
New respect for tightrope
happy mothers day wishing you many more great blessings to come all the success to you and all of your loved ones
thanks love!
The official ceremony is this saturday but its so surreal!
Don't let me get in my zone Alright bitch u said 30x.
We kno not to let u in ur zone
you should start doctornking Hen  halftime again...we need Ron Artest back
I freaking love bubble tea.
I always get extra boba...
Tapioca is my friend :D I hope NYC is going great!
During a test, people look up for inspiration, down in desperation, and left and right for information.
The Republican presidential candidates held a debate on Twitter.
It combined the excitement of CSPAN with the suspense of typing..
What does everyone think of the Mass Effect 3 Demo so far?
Have you tried the new CoOp Multiplayer with your friends yet?
Having a date with
People need to chill the fuck out w/ Terry Francona.
Do u not recall how he won two World Series after 86 fackin yeeeahs kid?!
Museum fans and visitor!
What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media?
So I hear 's album leaked..that's a bummer hahaha!
nothing much same old, same old!!
How bout you?!?
herself, confident and just an all around nice and smart person.
FREE Cooking Demo on Wednesday at The Clifton Inn  VA.
Wines paired with VA Foods.
Call 434 971 1800 for info  reservations
Inspiring words from Debra  DC's Flow Yoga today: Our practice is simply to pause and listen, and to meet ourselves wherever we are.
Watching Osmosis Jones
Looks that way.
Wanted: MLB Arbitrator.
Must find for us at least 100 of the time.
Uh, you're forgetting David Lee Roth.
watchin Major Payne
Brio's Tuscan Grill at Stony Point rocks, especially for people with food allergies!
I guess im going to need a list of everything you've read lol
Im Starving..!
have i mentioned how excited I am about Bonnaroo?
its a much needed trip!
Yeah it's really close.
SF's D is dominating.
hm got me thinking now!
Preying.
The word is preying, snookums.
im seriously sick every other week
Thanks!
Why do you think they failed?
What can we learn from them?
Better get started or I'll be stuck on this game all day.
i like my beat fast,  my base down low.
;
follow me if you have SWAG :
Omg.
Don't favorite my geekiness.
It wasn't even eindexing: I was really adamant about being a backofthebook indexer.
cookie n creams icecreammm!!!
yummy :p
Is the JPost site going to be cleaned for Pesach?
myidol  DeAndoctor once again had way too much falseto and was all over the place  worst so far.
Ten o'clock meeting on Thursday is my Kryptonite.
RT : Prayers needed.
Our friend Chris' PC is growin, causing internal problems, he needs strength and peace.
I use to go to my bestfriends house nd fall asleep :p
lol geek how old r u how about u guys are missble
Might depends on, ah, weather or not we open the window.
When's your next stand up special?
Sometimes you have to clean up so you can see clearly!!!!
Great job guys!
We'll get the W tonight.
buckets of tears /3
something's about to happen..
idk what it is yet..
hm..
I need a blank canvas and some spray paint.
Preferably ironlak.
:P that must get annoying
Theraflu hot liquids, two vitamin C tablets, 9 hrs of sleep, good to go.
I'm always late to work but I live 5 mins away smh
thanks for the follow back cutie; awesome of u?!
Thanks for keeping us on track and getting us together!
Beginning new book American Nightmare, loosely based on The Black Dahlia murder.
This could get messy!
what's in columbus
Is it time for wine yet?
Cause I may be opening a bottle now...
bruh thats wat im sayin it was one of them texts sayin send this to 10 ppl if u believe in good or wat not lol
He is able who thinks he is able.
Buddha
The hype about St.
Bart's is not Hype at all
our most devoted RT'er  thanks!
lmao what's good
oh yes, meth.
the other sonoma export.
but is it organic?
I may have to dust off my Obi Wan Kenobi outfit.
Good morning how is everyone today
Citrix can suck a fat one.
Glad someone else thinks it sucks.
hahahhahahah where did you find this
First it was fire trucks...
then police cars, maybe an escort...
now BIG helicopters around Logan/U Street.
Having the best/weirdest night with my best friend , Shes the best thing that's ever happened to me
I hate Private Twitter accounts and i'm blogging about it.
Will be out tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you could just fast forward time just to see if in the end it's all worth it.
Don't let people talk you out of something they believe you can't do.
Do it because you believe you can.
just watching sherk!!!
When your mom tells u to grow up
lmao RT!!!
: Hey dont put your anger on soccer because the lakers lost....again;
setting three alarms did, in fact, wake me up this morning.
:
Hello beauty.
Missing it.
See you Tues.
bevisandbutthead are coming back?!!!
Yes!!
Lmao
Happy Administrative professorssionals Day.
how many of you are lucky enough to have boss who remember?

Hey Buffalo Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar!
Nice work Buckley!!
Nascar in Vegas ...
Sprint's 3g service at Venetian on the strip has stunk for the last 6 months ..
4g is non existent on strip
In so much pain.
Something is very wrong again..

at least I hope it does a better job of framing the idea of the digital edition!
Is there a woman out there who isn't secretly in love with Anderson Cooper?
Good morning!!
I hope someone's had a good today.
excited for MIA trip...it seems as though everyone in MIA thinks I a crazy for ordering wine when I could be enjoying an authentic mojito!
GUYS I ATE LIKE COMPLETE SHIT AL LAST WEEK AND THE WEEKEND BUT I DIDN'T GAIN WEIGHT.
HOLY SHIT THANK GOD
Today: presents Global Advocacy and Academia: The Ethical Imperative of Fighting Hunger.
121pm 206 Ingraham.
A great event
wow, coldblooded, Comcast showed a replay of all Conrad's errors in the 2010 NLDS...and I thoroughly enjoyed each one
It's official: going to see The Clean play in LA.
So excited.
What is your favorite Beastie Boys album?

MARK!
I also appreciate the support.
Thank you Sir.
Please Don't Attach Yourself To The Ppl Thats About To Get Cut The Fuck Off.
why don't you figure it out!!
Haha
u welcome !
Great pick6 today!
much luv from GB yet.
Beauty of a leap too.
lol
: mine, too.
I buy books faster than I can read them.
Libra What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?
11:11 :
SUN  THE SMILING MOOSE  Jeremiah Weed PROMO!
4pm Start!
TONS OF GIVE AWAYS!
5 YUENGLING PITCHERS During The BUCCOS Game!
KITCHEN OPEN!
Hanging out with the McGregors while they record their new album at Radiant Studios.
www.radiantrecords.com/radiantstudios
Where are we going?
I dont know, I was following you...
This is usually how me and work :p lol
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the lost world of titties
oh I thought u meant a record group Lol.
Was sayin how it's a bitch Kim Became so famous  he didn't.
He desrves it 2!
Happy Memorial Day weekend!
Hope everyone can get out and enjoy it!
fans can follow Erich Bacher on my own personal Twitter Goal is to have more followers than
I love ed sheeran so much!
, , he's amazayn is he not?
:D x
LoooL..
What A nice girl U R
OH in apartment 2114: Man, we have a lot of chicken wings.
you smell that....hollywood success let's eat my ninja
When I have to study for tests I always waste as much time as possible before I actually study for it.
Trying to pay my parking citation online.
Can't find my plate number, or the citation number....
Maybe someone paid it for me : ha!
Watching Mad Men while S makes me dinner :

called me boring!
haha, just kidding!
: it's a pretty slow day.
What was the last thing that moved you to tears?
Turn the dial on your washing machine to cold.
Most loads don't need hot water, and 90 of the energy used goes into heating.
so I'm probably gonna go to bed..or else I won't wake up tomorrow....
:D lol I wish you luck on what's been going on.
:
lmao yeah right
Whole Wheat Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe These aren't your average chocolate chip cookies.
Rich with flavor and texture, these whole whe
bff imy...are you at vu?
Having a stay at beth israel emergency ..sure I be fine.
More importantly zero George Clooney lookalikes!
We have 220 holds on 600 copies of Hunger Games at Baltimore County PL.
18 branches.
lol who's that guy lmao
Murphy's Law in full effect tonight!
Burned tf out of my finger 
my last tweet was via the RSS feed for which is rapidly moving up my list of favorite morning reads.
following back!
Yes!
Thanks, whole series looks good!
RT not sure, but interviewed him for recently: bit.ly/kB3Gab
S.
Korea Retailers Halt US Beef Sales Over Mad Cow
social media.
I only thought of you because of it seems that you're always sharing posts/ideas focused on positive attitude.
SURE DID!
RT : That boy DD got my vote hope he got yours also ....
Only 44 of U.S.
adults have a will.
DailyFinance.com
RT Thank you for the follow!
And remember to Tweet it forward
2011 is right around the corner now is the time to review your cash management program.
Is your store using a safe to store your funds?
Hot today, rain with cold front tomorrow.
Change of seasons wardoctorbe.
Meanwhile editing goes on.
Guys who have females chase them get no time frm me bc im not one of ur groupies so im nawt guin keep thys chase game up
RT : 's forensic recovery of RENT material on floppy disk would make proud
PalmBchPowerPartners breakfast starts MutliCultural Marketing w/National Weekly Newspaper.
4047OkeeBlvdSuite128.
Come.Get.Grow.Go
Tomorrow's the big day.
We're doing a crazy giveaway with for The Social Customer  the topselling SocialCRM book of 2011
Pennsylvania has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
I'll look for a PDF  get back to you!
Cpl hands later, I raise A9o in mp, BB flats, flop J32r, we both check, turn 6, he leads out, I call, river 6, he bets half pot, I raise...
Thats my favorite part of the response: We expect shallow racist crap from personal blogs but come on The Chronicle
Who's excited about Beer Week?!
We assume it's named Beer Week because Holy Week was already taken.
Well 2012, I'm waiting for you to show me how great you are going to be.
Or is everyone on Twitter lying?
Update: This week so far ive auditioned for 2 films, a game show, and a guest starring role on CSI Miami!
: keep your fingers crossed!!
What was your chem?
If you wish to say hahaha
I wanna come next thurs too.
Let's get a school bus for old times lol
Heaven help me I just agreed to do debate next year.
Omg Vinnys leaving.
I hope he comes back.
It's not the shore house without and is being such an AMAZING friend:
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Samuel Lover
if she replies often enough that you notice when she's ignoring you, you must be lucky :
Its too hot.
I need to find a pool
Why do I miss you so much.
You must not be watching da game Lmao RT : Hear my Celtics are handling business like they are supposed to.
no need to fret!
I will be happy just knowing ur near!
having christmas eve wit my BFF ALAN going to a party i hope it cracks but fuck it i got my bottoles ready
I need some vitamins im so tired ugh
RT Baylor Vs Uk tomorrow should break the record for average salary per player in the history of the NCAA
squirrels use to chew my grandfathers wires and screw up his truck all the time.
squirrels are sneaky fuckers
no no no.
Larry fing in the ass, yeah in the ass.
Lol jkjk.
1855www4USA is a tollfree number for updates on Wounded Warrior Week  4 US service members, wounded warriors, families,  caregivers
So I started reading this book called the Hunger Games...
idk if anyone's heard of it but I'd recommend it
Just remember this.
When you have people envy you remember that envy aims very high.
Hi.
Thank you.
We need to interface.
That is all.
I sent my mom a Tupac avatar to sing that song to her.
She is so confused right now.
It's rainy, let's get back in bed!
Oh, you guys are adults and don't want to go back to bed?
OK, I am lying in bed still wearing my raincoat
My artwork for Endangered Species is going to be fresh  why?
B/C God cares about the details of your work.
Thanks!
Will be in your town Memorial Day weekend.
its all love sweetheart, you already know im not like that
If someone isn't providing u with opportunities, cre8 your own or move on.
Your time is valuable!
TRYING FINISH UP A VERSE TO NEW SONG.....
While the sales team at BR appreciates my spring style, unless my 'first day gift' is an odd tradition, socks at the office must be pref ...
Afro samurai is awesome I want it
I still expect announcement about Pokerstars buying FTP and DOJ deal.
I'd love to start taking on FreelanceCopywriting jobs  any advice, suggestions, warnings, etc?
Today is a Dave Baez TV Marathon.
Watch him onLAS VEGASon TNT  12pm  1pm and then  9pm it's the The Secret Circle on the CW.
The Deranged Book Lovers site is quite awesome.
i'm so upset at how you seem to being downplayed with losses and srewjobs on u are the reason i watch
Party on Wayne.
Sir Nick Faldo says that Tiger has 'lost his game.' Ouch.
When i noticed you have MY guiitar pic that threw at playlist live 33 hope you loved florida 33
Excited to hear that received an grant to digitize materials about the Miller House and Garden!
Congrats!!
this weekend ill be on more cuz im off
i think im getting moving on
Super cute!
lmao i didnt read it before i tweeted u so...
LMAO
I'm in Mich walking too close to people and brushing past people accidentally.
NY has rubbed off on me.
Ew.
she's so chunckyyyy 3: she's my new fave family member 
Morning went great...now on to baby sitting
Amen!
: PLEASE PRAY  I'm speaking in 10 minutes.
Your prayer makes the difference.
When we pray, God moves!
Why you gotta put me on blast via twitter like that Kacy!?
Sheesh.
Joanna: did you know the sun is a star?
Ellayna: yes, sis.
Joanna: I'm a bird.
Mama always saves my life!
even tho we're far away now, she always does!
Wing nights with good ppl and good doctornks are always classic events
who texted you?

I always thought you were smart  now I know for sure.
Hope all is well.
Where in the world is ...
damn bitch I hope you get fired.
You can love someone with all your heart and it will never be enough.
Minimally Invasive Spine Institute is opening the new state of the art center in Dallas on March 21st!!!
I have vendor booth envy...where is my 27in iMac?
can I get a follow back bro?
One day at a time, Sarah.
Simple.
I'm sorryy!!!
Another awesome service at the Ark Church!
yes, had to change around the sch because cross sch changed...
Hope it works for you!
2nites my night Brother!
Warden Swickle debuts on BOK.
In NOLA 4 Treme Benefit, saw David, Wendell  Clark  said Hi from u.
you and Adolphin would make a cute couple.
You know, CACHING ; 
Mistakes happen Take notes and learn from them  InSpotter app
I was actually supposed to give u a CD that night, but my boy had my bag of albums and I had to go look for him.
1Luv though man!
super fresh!
Corny classic!
Love some old kid n play
Agreed.
: go to Kiehl's and shop for for Valentine's Day.
Tsunami hits Hawaii
Dont want to be like this
Last assignment of the semester submitted.
LIS semester 3 compelte.
My boy got bars dnt sleep we in zombie mode
This Whitney Houston funeral is depressing...
Watching David Fells represent doctorpal at AIGA CMS panel.
Not a CMS  it's a platform.
we are shooting for February
Good lookin' out on the Opus X.
Thanks!
Hmm.
I voted inperson absentee and that's how my ballot was.
Both gov and lt.
gov.
Some woman don't get that
Ah, black pudding on the buffet reminds me why I'm in Englandfor the magic....
REMEMBER RSVP and get your design done now to have it featured on the opening page of doctoram World Effects Web Site!!!
More running buddies, FTW!
We!
3time Academy Award winning actress Ingrid Bergman born today, 1915; also dies today, 1982.
Best known for Casablanca.
oh no problem!
: lol
CLIFF JENSEN IS THE SEXIEST MAN ALIVE FOLLOW HIM
At doc with kimmy.
Work with Purpose: Write down and post your personal and business goals.
who's ever's comes first
If a red bull gives you wings, does a blue one give you balls?
Dear, I don't look up to many people but I look up to you.
Your a beautiful strong woman and I admire your courage.
xoxo
7 game suspension for Metta World Peace for elbowing James Harden.
Too harsh or not stiff enough?
Thoughts?
...
baby needs to eat, so alas, Zaina go on without me ...
enjoy
I promise my car got new scratches on it everyday
The interns are having some fun at my expense today.
Good times
Welcome to the Chiefs family!
just got back from Delirium Cafe in Brussels..2,004 beers!
and they're all so delicious
awesome now stop Spamming me.
Well played.
I followed you for this.
O.m.g.
I didnt know people were reckless like that on here....lol...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMS,ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND
Enjoy your time in Tampa!
: We love it here!
I don't know...
not even sure if they are doing a Meet  Greet.
But we can check.
Ok ok good
Thankful to the universe for this opportunity to grow and glow.
Glad y'all r there safely.
Been praying 4 safety in flight all day and 4 the beautiful women attending Colour!
It's been a great morning so far!
Now just beat at some FIFA and my day is set!
guy in the school restroom today; stared at me the whole time i was washing my hands.
he was cute, so i pretended to be extra dirty.
Damn that could have been so weird
thinks we are incredible..: Awwwhs:D
Be a lamp unto your self.
Be your own confidence.
Hold to the truth within yourself as to the only truth.
HEY!
you on!
:D
Mint chocolate is almost gone!
Plenty of lemon and pbj left!
I hear you.
I'm already here on the train heading downtown.
See you all later!
Today isn't a good day to have a fear of doctorving with a coat on
Waiting on rain to go away to finish the very last scenes for shoot
had a meeting for a group project...
one kid didn't do his part and the other person just didn't show up or answer our calls.
great
that would be a good idea.
Where u going?
Bet his teammates got sick too : TNT says Kobe threw up on bus to arena....
Why is bulge trending?
xD
Confession 7: I hate being skinny.
I want to be fat.
Fifty Shades of Not Gray  Wall Street Journal
Looking for partners for social media marketing for restaurants
Follow For updates on Paranormal Events, Reality, Celebs, Radio shows and more!
1300 already there!
Stay uptodate  RT!
Hi Cynthia!
We would love to have you at our free MORE Life training Nov.
42.
Does that fit your schedule?
Let's chat!
lol you said it froze but it was working fine!
get bak on!
Red is the worse!!
I love the way she...but I don't love her.
The only bad thing about the warm weather is that the  come out.
yes, w/out ?
: Should Rondo be suspended ?
What would Valentine's Day be without sex?
my motha needs to hurry up get paid nd buy me a new fone .//
WYEP is planting WPC flowers w.
Pgh Firemen today at the Birmingham Bridge!
Alan Woods Blame someone else and get on with your life.
they wanted 40 to get in the nappy roots show, it was cheaper to come to Btown.
hope you were watching HBO and Bill.
:
I have a strong desire to skull fuck Adam Levine with that new haircut of his.
Why pretend that you are something when you or not!
yup emkt is much more efficient, althought there is a r left out of that so its not very natural, enjoy
What I learned from ChristopherHitchens?
Don't smoke and doctornk heavily.
What I didn't learn: anything concerning religion
Worship felt great.
God is even greater.
I am a bit sweaty.
where is that at?
Lady Antebellum 
no but I know first hand there are actual RR biker crews that are very active at this day and age
Record labels, GET ON IT!
Love this band :D // RT Who wants to put out our split 7?!?!?
AtNumber1GirlTour moms gone bring dey 5 yr old kids  LADY LEAVE YO DAMN KIDS AT HOME!
Tryna act like u dere 4 dem cough cougar cough
Breakeven is gory b one of my favorite songs of all times the script totally killed it with that one
Reading A Microsoft Life by
Space Absolutely nothing; what exists wherever matter happens not to be I feel like I need to pluck a rock from my master's palm
unbelievable!
can't understand the thinking of the jury.
As former player  coach I understand being pumped on opener, but habits you form early carry through season.
Gtta Pay My Fone Bill Afta I doctorp My Mama Off At 4
Yes!
RT : I wish we could bottle up the Texas zen sauce that is Jon.
Debbie Kempe
The To Do list is never endingbut I love it still!
Tough choice tomorrow as the Blazers play their last home game and face Kamloops in game 7 at The Coliseum!
Which one?
We're singing goodnight to the moon 3
I have 9 done
Thanks right back at you.
The future wife not being born yet...
1869, the Cincinnati Red Stockings was the nation's first pro baseball team.
Hit a humanities home run at the Reds Hall of Fame  Museum!
A single smile could give a thousand more to others
Wish I could watch it mate.
Thanks Comcast ; Still going for the 40 IKTS and Everton deserve to finish above Liverpool
Video shoot start nxt weekend..
I'm thinking Smitty will not care :
I'll pop back out later.
Joe, snarling with rage, springs from behind the lunch counter w/ bread knife in his hands.
ICEMAN COMETH
Sounds Heavenly!
Respect the hat swag
Not yet havent really been on twitter send it to me
aww she is too adorable!
RT : It's National Arts Advocacy Day.
Help make Arts a trending topic and RT this message
it's your bday?
Happy birthday, !
like ur saying if u go temp tech, corrutors are useless, same as phoenixes versus ground or broodlords versus air
Loll oh yeah that was a fun lil trip we gotta go again!
With 3333 love her so mucH :
just rode one of the sickest rides of my life.
getting ready 4 my tummy tuck today
Thanks for following back!
Our publications, blog,  tweets are about ed youth transition employment 
Attempting any sort of a Ny/Jersey accent by watching mob wives.
when was I mean?!
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life ;it is how you handle what happens to you.
Zig Ziglar
I had to explain what Pi day was to my crew.
The commentators need to shh
Now I don't get it either lol so nvm.
wish i could retweet this hahaha same dilemma
May will be the month to catch up before I get busy in June.
So let's see what happens.
Alex Castellanos on CNN talk about It's all about jobs!
Yeah, right, you wingnut bastard.
Your side hasn't created jobs except on K St.
good bloody mary goodness w/ at
here fishy fishy fishy
The teams are quickly approaching Miami this afternoon  You may be able to see them from the Cape Florida lighthouse
great!
Very easy but detailing read.
One of the best apps rite now 4real
it will be interesting to see what company pops on the radar doing just this  do you have an alpha product yet?
My film urFRENZ is screening at the Chesapeake Film Festival next weekend!
Near St.
Michaels or Cambridge?
www.chesapeakefilmfestival.com
Bonfire with tommy in an hour!
3
i wish i could quit parkingwars  damn you for being on !
aaagh
Starting our day trip to see some redwoods, then visit Santa Cruz!
Ahh loving the sun shine
exactly.
Some stupid crap there.
Who and Hooo!
And nothing having to do w FL but pretty sure tears for fears is my fav band ever
same, can i text you?
techart cycling team, assemble!
Very surprised at these results, esp.
since Canada will foot the bill.
Delays at the Ambassador cost MI businesses time and .
Decay is an unstoppable process.
Rainy mondays make getting out of bed so much harder!
First God created man, then he had a better idea!
and Room 101 have surprises in store for tonight's grand opening!!
Figuring out your done before you actually do.
Weird 
Could it possibly happen that we could have a rematch of Superbowl 40?
Sigh.
and I have a long history together; it really isn't a secret.
In fact I saw him on Sunday.
that was a great class..
Learn to make oldfashioned hard candy in our farmouse kitchen  Sat and Sun 12:30  3:30.
yes, and it's what is used for streaming audio reserves, aka music of China, Japan, Okinawa, and South Korea that I have to study.
It's hard to workout with someone who's not even halfway motivated
Congratulations!
on completing all ARE4!
She saw me at my 1st big sho at pier 6 ......3 yrs ago she was one of the promoters
If you're in NOLA tomorrow nite, go to Tip's to hear Righteous Buddha.
Great band!!.
Funky.
have you guys ever checked out the soup movement in Detroit ?
Inlaws.
My boyfriend told me I had to choose between him and volleyball.
Im really going to miss him .
.
.
Alot of grown fast ass lil hoes over here
One more giant fbomb just cause I can
Happy 2012!
Excited to get back in the swing of things.
Gearing up for a really exciting term Lots of good things happening
Me Against The Universe...
He's hitting the cover off the ball lately...he's probably gonna get called up tomorrow
Anyone want to buy my poster of The Scream?
Only asking 100,000.
Total steal.
Well, kinda.
I wasn't sure if 2.1 was too young to start working on that?
That's why I asked about artic screens for the lil ones
I think it would be an amazing job.
I live and breathe music.
Kind of obsessively, LOL.
Google, you are so cute.
But I love trolling on those BVB army pussies.
I refused to go to sleep until my room was clean..
now that it is, I shall be at peace with my doctorams.
Goodnight.
like Animal House on skates
only 3 more semesters in ramnation...gotta step it up...last 3 chances for improvement
1 humanitarian / art 2 entertainment / music :
Take advantage of this wonderful weather!
Check out the West End and the DHM this weekend on Saturday afternoon, then celebrate NYE at...
UKBaseball is the best team out there but ULBaseball has their number this season
RT : Congrats to for being recognized at the Women of professorssional Excellence Awards!
There's no beer in the work fridge.
It's like these people don't even care about me.
To Hell?
RT : Rachael Ray coming to Kansas City Sunday June 10th to talk about burgers...
Where should she go?
Good morning, have you picked up your ticket for our halloween MONSTER MOSH next week?!
I promise not to do it again...
I never sit up and scream or talk in my sleep during or after a nightmare, howcome the people on TV do?
Fuxk eBay.
Bitches be spending my money 
McKenna : please, war on women.
Bring it.
SECOND!
: RT : Love seeing small companies like The Hub and Constellation win.
Calls For Gov.
Transparency On Green Zone Entry Criteria Met With Guffaws, KneeSlapping Laughter
becauseofthesnow , Im bored.
complete a face plank in the lake
I've had 3 since the start of school this year!!
Snuggly, germy kids seem to have that effect.
Don't forget to follow if you're planning to attend our auc2012 June 1315!
Money Guages  Shit load of magic cards.
What this heat bulls game though
WhenIWas13 I was bullied almost daily for being attracted to boys.
I can teach you my ways, oh sister.
The grasshopper surpasses the master.
Thus is life.
it ended up being just plain sad all throughout the movie  it's ending was really confusing because it didn't offer an
Sick today, lol
Sitting next to getting his dome cleaned up at The Barbers on Sandy Blvd.
What?
No love?
S'cool.
I am not there anyway.
Dear , please tell that is screaming on air was cute when he was 5...now that he is 6 it isn't...
use Banana Boat after sun aloe.
Works great.
I can apply it for you too.
;P
Decks are for cards and grilling.
They are not a file format.
They are CERTAINLY not a document format.
RT : I wanna be the reason you smile 
the scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
thanks very much!
Thanks for the FF!
With Vid: Asthma app lets patients breathe easy
nah he jus tries to look like a badass lol
She need to tell me
credit to from ALA RT Michael Witt  Libraries need URI policies  just a good all around idea
Country music at a bar  greatness.
Been so long since I heard you
that's so not cool, i hate doctornking
So TLAM was great!
Why my grandma told my mama to give me her book?!
Oo
hungergames makes me want to watch The Truman Show again...
The Window Gallery exhibition featuring has been extended to June 22!
Stop by and view the portraits in our windows!
Maybe some people shouldn't tweet while in their cozy pajamas.
Their guard is down.
As doctoram Chasers we accomplish that wide awake
Today has been a very productive day.
Love the bus ride past Baltimore with its industrial brick buildings.
It looks like it belongs on an old train set.
Attending the Spotlight Awards tomorrow!
I hope to see many of you there.
Let me know if you are going!
Before you can see the light, you have to deal with the darkness 
Anybody have tumblr?
:
I wish I saw the movie I love a man in uniform
Who as a quizzaz?
my mommy will be here in 3days !
hyfr.
: Happy New Year!
RT : You're welcome.
Love your place.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Is it better live?
A guy I know needs to invest in a bra.
no, riding solo for that one

Nice!
Stuck in a Family Holiday Get Together And You Can't get Out of It
If ur not a pussy come say something to my face
Back from Cali and a vist with B.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day.
And Happy to see usafitnesscorps on Twitter
I prefer a big dog that you can wrestle with but the sentiment is still the same.
During today's Easter festivities, I was doctorfted to play the mean, evil hunter who shot the Easter bunny.
Said bunny was later resurrected.
Wait, what are they discusing??
RT Cuz was pretending to suck dick with luis stupid little boys they discus me!!!;0
You're very welcome!!
Happy Monday!!!
Looking forward to the show tonight at Staller Center for the Arts at SUNYStony Brook!
Time for girls dinner cannot wait for tapas  starving!
I'm going crazy.
Does no one understand that Smith kneels at the 1 and it's game over?
Jesus.
Check out www.mirrormascots.com
Thanks for the tweets.
I missed this entirely; currently in Cardinals land.
I saw one of Yaz's last games...what a treat.
Thanks for following me!
Hope you enjoy my artwork!
gives 10,000  to 79 college students.
Very admorable.
You Michigan guys aren't that bad after all.
shout out to soccer moms, mgrs, trainers, coaches, referee's, scheduler's  everyone else who gives their time to youth soccer.
THANK YOU!
Remember that time when you.
NOT in front of my parent dumbass!

no duhh lol...
i'm saying like a family member or a friend.
Yes, we are at the InterContinental Hotel for the last day of TEXPO in Dallas.
See you there!
On my way to watch Hereafter with doctor Damaris.
Thanks for the shoutout Kristi!
So happy you're pleased with the site.
Get ready for greatness!
and I used to be real close...now its like we aren't even friends anymore.
:/
Motto for the day: Don't let the blur of movement try to replace one elegantly completed task.
: are you ever coming home?
// Not if I help it.
Good episode!
Your podcast is fun to listen to.
Wishing you happy holidays!
OMG!
U feed ur dogs fast food!?!
Probably hot dogs no less...kidding JustBored : 
Go ahead grand slam, game tying triple, go ahead run.
Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
I CAN'T STAND FAKE TWO FACED WHORES!
finished my presentation on how to use google docs for library acquisitions..possibly more presentations to come!
One hour until my weekend officially begins!
I'm having my first beer in my life tonight!
Yes BITCHES KNICKS WIN!
How tf do you send an email on the blackberry..
It's been exactly 1 year since I was in concert.
Hell no how'd he make that
What are people's thoughts on PT Sans and PT Serif?
Can't decide if I like it or hate it.
you should have said hi.
You making it to any other shows this week?
would love to work with you!
Please email me at and check out our website!
Great meeting you at nourished
i hate cheaters
Dear goth kids in NYC, where are you all hiding?
Tell me.
I wish to find you.
First commercial 787 flight!
Congrats to Boeing and Japan!
If Demi can fight through it.
I can too.
3
I HATE VAGINAS
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
Lou Holtz
thebigdonkey are you still having the problem?
we haven't touched anything ;;;
takes it deep
Lol tag him bro TAG HIM
just tell me when  who Im doctorving
I think I'm gonna make a strawberry banana smoothie for breakfast :D
3:00 AM.....time to stop...I have worked all day....and most of the night!
See www.loft401.com
This is awkward...
More than 13 of childoctorn suffer a mental health disorder.
Schoolbased mental health services help reduce disciplinary referrals.
I got that good good.
Better then MJ Bad.
Lol 10 points plus 5 extra credit points for scaring the roach.
:D ;p
YES!!!!!
Go Adele!!
She is owning it tonight.
Amazing.
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Share them with other people
Zodiac  havana is happening now and is awesome!
Crazy pale girl's going out into the sunshine again.
Does my madness have no end?
Me too!
: Yummy.
A la mode with vanilla ice cream for me.
Can't wait to move to the WP, then I can go home on my lunch breaks  save money by not eating out everyday
The Queen Elizabeth is gorgeous!
They'd look beautiful in an arrangement, don't you agree?
GOOD MORNING WAZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzUP
if guys did these ABoyfriendShouldAlways tweets, then they would prolly be in the
Issue 99 is out!
Lonely Kings, KEPI GHOULIE, artist Mark Bryan, Holiday Gift Guide, reviews of Juno's Kitchen, The Muppets, plus much more!
Can u please Re follow
FINALSWEEK BLUES I got As on Midterms IDK how considering I was absent cuz I was  SXSW wish I could do that for
I might be stalking you : Enjoy the flight.
Running may burn a lot of calories while you do it, but weights  interval training will have you burning cals around the clock!
Good to know!
All sponsorships are only paid if the challenger finishes and all the money goes to help PZS.
I love love love it!
Good morning!
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
Home Depot to hire 70,000 seasonal employees.
Will legal industry follow suit?
Happy to hear that Austin is having a wonderful time in Miami :
Super art jam at insight!!!
Pretty tight!!
Did you hear the one about the honest lawyer?
No, me neither.
Antoniou's Towne Square pizza...
Love it
He's doing good.
Not getting any younger!!
How's ur mom see if she will make spaghetti  corn bread over the break 4 me.
it's all about DJ and the Fro tonight at 11 pm on MTV!
you better watch it and spread the word!!
but marsupials do
Concert was excellent!
Looking forward to catching a Carley show some other time.
Research: Statistical correlation between success in one field and another
Always preferred this version It is your attitude not your aptitude that will determine your altitude.
you in Miami?
Instagram for Andoctorid is out!
Does need an Instagram account?
Or just sticking with us on Pinterest/Twitter?
I really hate ignorance...
I promise the English language is not that hard.
did u ask yet?
Lol im jwin
The new 1: people who use IE6.
the single is titled down and that will be out for digital download on the same day.
It's a self titled Album
Love the Vox guys!
RT : Can't wait to rock with this Sunday
ATTENTION: Tomorrow Munchie Express will only charge a flat rate of 3 for all orders!
Make sure to give us a call!
The protestors from Versailles are at Marlins Park.
Pita si odias a Fidel!
Yes sir RT Any ideas where to get a tacky Christmas sweater?
Love you all!
Can't wait to see you on Friday.
Monster game, please!!
I be loyal to objects like tom hanks was wit wilson
Was that an earthquake I felt or did I just reminisce about Lebron's earth shattering performance in the finals last year.
well u not welcum
Thanks Marceolo!
I hope the 1st week of this special New Year showered you with kindness.
And followfriday to ya!
YOU'VE NEVER SEEN IT?
Whatever It Is You Don't Understand You Will Later
The first rule of Twitterberry is you don't talk about Twitterberry.
cockroach in my coffee...
happymonday mustbespring yuck!
I got a free certificate for Jack in the Box from my teacher.
She knows Jack.
Hoy and sunny in Houston.
: Raining in New York.
3696  favorite color?
blue or red : IB Madison 
This is the morning of small fires.
School of Rock in Mythology?
Hell yes.
Been too long.
But it was great, as always.
40 hour work weeks 
WE LOVE YOU TOO!!!!!
lol
at yucca's tack shack
I'm close to beating my PB for paperwriting  current record is 10k words in 9 days, this week going for 5k in four.
haha thanks: u too
I might kiss the Austin sidewalk when this shuttle stops at ACC.
Finally back after a supposed hack.
Anyone get anything odd from me?
Masturbating in public eh?
Fuck this entire day.
WhyDoIHaveTo be so sensitive!?
Straight Up Tribal, we love them!
RT : Really cool band playing at right now!
and hope he hasn't already doctorgged u
I think I ate too much, but those Pizza and wings were good!
in other words, walk in like you own the place and you're looking to buy 20 more like it!
Mm called my stepsister Lidia, I miss her.
She's coming in August, nn
This stats project is equally mindnumbing and aggravating.
I'll be working on it until further notice.
or either one is fine.
although he says he won't brag...
did win, handily in Scrabble.
is celebrating CincoDeMayo!
Food and doctornk deals 5/4  5/6 plus Mariachi's!
Yes.
Belly is ALL ABOUT margaritas  mariachis
I heart you so bad!
YOU'RE pretty fuckin' sexy!!
Ever been caught texting in class and got ISS?
retweet
like it, but shave on weekends??
C'mon now that's extreme
Lets do this shit son!
The word Homeless should not be associated with any veteran.
Final Salute, Inc helps homeless female vets find
heard 's music for the first time today!
amazing!
she is so talented and only 15!
wow!
listen to heart in your pocket.
3
I'm baking tonight...
follow me plz :
Going to see Andy at Wholey's today for some sushi!!
Could you ask for a nicer day for a walk?
Looking great Pittsburgh.
At Halftime the Heat lead the Pacers 6639 in our Game of the Night.
Go go go go!!!
Amazing dance with Argentine Tangos rule on DWTS tonight!!
aww it makes me miss y'all : I no longer need massive amounts of caffeine to survive.
Funny how using time management skills help.
Well yeah, but they don't know that.
DealBook: Despite RIM Takeover Talk, Hurdles Would Be High
I guess I am back on my high horse once more
Thank you!
:
DO YOU HAVE A WASHER/doctorER IN YOUR CASA AND DOES MEGA KITTY LIKE TO DO LAUNdoctor
Debating what kind of scam to use in order to gain more followers.
Any suggestions?
Everyone's Invited 2 Come Celebrate ,  Birthday Cookout Today Down The Briccs!!!!
I meant to tweet sooner but I just realized that it's 2012 and the internet is here to stay
so exusuated long day
Hey, i completely understand!
first40songsonshuffle 28.
You Are So Beautiful  Escape the Fate.
:D 3 :3
that moment when your writing the last paragraph of your research paper and your computer crashes and deletes the last 2 pages...
We love you, too, hon.
Moderator asks if athletics is part of a higher education.
says it is, just that CFB itself is flawed.
lol !!
I'm just annoyed yo....
ndpl jaime seemiller notes that sustainability is one of the most challenging issues she faces in her digital projects
i need like 245 more followers before i hit 1000 ugh
Hehe!
Neil is my doctorm idol.
If anybody got close to his melodies, time changes, fills and syncopations, I'd marry them :P
Thanks brotha!
Wish u could have been there too!
doctornking game DSUM12 everytime someone says 'end user' take a shot.
I want you to ride my face so good!
Lmfao I luv it wen a person like omg now I see who u really r wen I get mad like no fool I got 2 personalities I tell every1 that
And Adam Dunn crushes one to right.
32 White Sux.
Crap.
Blown save.
I think so
My sister got me a LV and a Gucci wallet love that girl 
whenever i rage i stop because i dont know the meaning of rage
Worried about the massive credit/debit card hack affecting 1.5 M customers?
Authorities say the info would be enough to commit fraud.
alright triangle peeps  who's hitting up FriAt5 today at C.
Grace?
Can't wait to check out this place!!
I miss my Kalaya already
lmaooo i miss you
Oh cool, i also want Vinny to follow me!
lol and haha yeah i have random verified people too!
tiny fingers!
but, but, I thought you liberals hated marriage?!?
what up!?
Brooks!
And Boyle with the assist!
Wait...
It's been a fascinating whirlwind of emotions, doctorams, music, and travel...
I think that I will update my blog for the first time soon.
Is Tennessee considered South?
I never know what gets lumped into region names.
Might go to a conference in Oct, which sounds fun!
Sounds good!
:0
You take that back, Charlie.
You take it back right now.
Hearing the oceans waves is going to put me right to sleep.
So sorry to hear that.
Can you DM us your Zipcard  so we can take a look at what happened?
Heeyy guys!!!
Jessi, start putting your name at the end of your tweets cus guess what?
SAMANTHAS ON HERE NOW3
No problem, love.
:
yea and the perfect plug  let's do it VT
I slept all day b.c.
I am hurting from surgery.
Rather sleep threw the pain while I heal the live threw it.
: in 2012 I wear white whether it's summertime or not.
I will be beyond arbitrary fashion rules and their timid, lying morality!
We are at Denver Seminary today talking about internships and postgraduate possibilities!
Stop by their student center if you are around!
Let's go Goldy!
should be put in cage...his narccicism might kick his own ass
I love the ppl who think they never Ned nobody it's funny to me to see how that turns around
its been a long road home...
I played it the day it doctorpped ...
Where we're you?!
Marvel Comics Iron Man Stark Project: IM Hooded Jacket
RT : Who's doing their last minute shopping for the ??
OMG shoes.
WeWontWork if you don't know where swaggie is from
Thank you!
this thunder and lighting is making me scared.
Fresh with their new buzzcuts, Bruins vs.
Capitals tonight 7pm!
Stop in for a doctornk and a bite first.
No, the one she uses.
If she owned a pharmacy the copy would be impeccable ;
Dude im so sleepy.
Happy to announce two new writing projects for production in 2012.
More info soon.
Heading to Shark Valley and hopefully alligators.
Congratulations to our colleagues at Shakespeare Theatre Company in Washington, D.C.
for the honor of the 2012 Regional Theatre Tony Award!!
I wash my hands thoroughly after visiting any bookstore's new fiction aisle.
RT : Robbers On High Street and The AllahLas starting in an hour!
unfortunately not
That's game.
O o!
Yes, I will dig up some orange tshirts
Retweet this if you're running out to get a Bronco manning jersey!!!
Our intern extraordinaire is working on a blog post.
Stay tuned for her post next week.
Okay Forreal This Time Goodnight3
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait.
South Korea has seized thousands of smuggled doctorg capsules filled with powdered flesh from dead babies  Made in China.
He called the gum State of Maine Pure Spruce Gum
After 244 years, Encyclopedia Britannica will stop printing books.
things I did today: cut my own hair and saved myself 60.
You had your heart broken, you cried a river, you built a bridge, now get over it
Really RT : ZodiacFacts Leos rarely compete, because they just dont have to.
did you meet any FTP band members?
One of the hardest parts of our job in RE dev is to convince people we are honest and genuine in this biz.
Cowgirls try a dive now in the Texas box.
The ref doesn't buy it, though.
Play continues.
Ball cleared.
I would like every candle from anthropologie, please.
To everyone who doesnt like my music video...Thanks for upping the view count :D
My husband has never seen Pulp Fiction.
Watched last 3rd just now and can't get full effect that way!
Can't stop laughing tho.
Ol skoo slow jams
I should not be allowed in your local fred meyer.
site is currently down
No, they have a different burden when the oppressed workers are facing explosions  suicides.
Punishment is justice for the unjust.
Saint Augustine
Rate of change of tech is changing doctorstically.
As a result, expectations of what tech can do are doctormatically different says.
Does anyone know why /b/ is playing sad violin music?
They were doing it yesterday too
Its amazingthe things that matter to ESPN.
sorry to be away so long
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't be haunted .
Seriously, do people see the disgusting irony of this?
WI Gov Walker using state taxpayer monies to fight recall.
Jane Bennett, archly, on those passé philosophers Deleuze and Guattari.
Believes system and object theories can be reconciled
worst part is.it keeps opponents close  me watching then they go to trapping zone and pull away last three minutes.
Pet peeve number one: when people waste my time.
Can I ave a follow please?
You guys gotta watch Dark Shadows.
It's a good movie!
Then Naty and I had a MLP marathon.
:
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 13
Thank God bro.
Oh yea, got an oil change and paid rent...
lol don't even ask for a follow on this account
On my way.
Could totally go for a daqgori right about now!
He's gonna be eating a bowl of soup and I'm gonna come and get em, he won't even know what's coming!
i miss !!!
can we grab doctornks or something?
This nigga always tryyna get me in trouble
: Technically, are you really on dates or are they business expenses?!?!?
what a great conundoctorm!
Thanks for the FF mention!
and all of the great tips :
Some ppl are a trip in a half
you didn't though, right?
melus12 adding to my reading list: Stephen Graham jones' the bird is gone AND zombie bakeoff.
oh wow that is a thought provoking tweet lol
thanks for following.
Cool idea.
Does anyone give Glide Cruiser tours?
makes room!
I've noticed that when people turn famous all of a sudden they're gorgeous...I GOTTA BE FAMOUS!
Are you interested in Cloud Computing?
Do you like networking?
Need a break from the week?
Join us tomorrow night TechInMotionPhilly!
Socks should also have wings like birds so that they can fly.
It would be more practical.
7 months ago, life was so simple.
You came in and changed EVERYTHING!!!
KDC
Sometimes I really miss home...when people look at you funny here not truly understanding what a load of bollix really is.
are they 2 because they're the second spiciest on the menu?
i need toothpicks for these eyes.
So Excited to read 'The Greatest Muhammad Ali'  'Soul of a Butterfly' !
Need me some
feel better.
It's so much better and tastier!
You'll never turn back now!
Zimmerman is a sick and obviously racist man.
The more I hear, the more disturbing and upsetting the story gets.
Their porn would scare the toughest of men, I'd imagine.
YouNotUglyBut I don't like the way you think ...
The one thing that would make this trip fantastic would be meeting :
Shit If Thats Were They Was From Den Hell Yea
on sunday..
I went to his church
Arrrr, It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day!
Don't forget your OJ, unless you want to get scurvy Mateys!
Thank you!
and you look great on Newsday!:
I'm going on a date tonight.
If everyone wishes me luck, maybe I'll get lucky!
You are so appreciated
Atchung!
Special announcement.
will be gracing us with a visit.
Make sure she enjoys the view!
don't judge me
I'm going to get Zumba Fitness 2 for my mom, she wants it so bad hahah
Rouse Properties Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
I am so
Great day of work
Awww thanks Heather!!
Miss you too :
Moulttie just tried to trip Jones after that last no call.
Rewound it and saw it in slowmo
MLK day!!!
The man is not acknowledged enough
I miss you, Aushia!
:
Im single cause these broads minds aint right
oh no!
Miss you foo foo
I bought a new elliptical trainer.
I hate to part with my old one after 12 years; it has become like family!
SchellersFitness and Cycling.
RT : Facebook ad platform growing faster than Google PPC?
Should all jump in?
See the details at redhorseshoebooks.com
you're right.
I haven't received it.
A gorgeous day in Chicago...
Stay encouraged, we are praying for you...
Chicago Police Department and Superintendent Garry McCarthy!
DeShaun Thomas returning to the Buckeyes is LARGE!
Looks like it will be another banner year for Buckeye Basketball.
So why does surgery make Family Medicine interns do overnight trauma calls by themselves?
The world may never know.
Love the world.
FAME:
My sinuses are going to batshit crazy.
So not a happy camper.
Hot shower and NeilMeds Sinus Rinse here I come.
Feeding my cats their nightly snack  Lifes Abundance Wellness Food Supplement for Cats holistic, nutritious, yummy!
We had our first RVA Zine Fest meeting of 2012 tonight.
Success!
Things are happening.
I hope you have all been out shopping since midnight.
feel like crap right now.
Hope i dnt do anything stupid.
Doing some video editing with Final Cut Pro.
This is actually rather fun!
I just love My Fair and Square Lady you make me die laughing.
I love you so much, that's why the sun shines bright even on a rainy day because of the love for you!
Thank you, our director, Patrick Shavloske, will email you details.
Hold on to your family not everybody has one.
Next time they annoy you just remember how blessed you are to have them.
Happy Saturday!
you would wanna know!!
Lol
What a fine pal you are!
Thank you.
Goal!
Go Canucks
I wonder what it would be like if performed at a bullets games.......?
Zach Miller was a beast today...too bad I was going up against him in my main league.
Damnit
yes B lol I fucks with him more than Tyler .
Does ANYBODY understand the meaning of a turn signal
For Real, Help Me Out
: Just b/c a door closes doesn't mean it's over...God may want you to kick it down!
AndTheWallsCameTumblingDown!
thankfully i slept through that beating.
hope you guys run the table.
We've got something for everybodyvegetarian, vegan, or carnivore.
It's all delicious.
it's all good for the environment and you!
Trying to look cute as fuck at school for your crush but not having anything to wear 
RT : I didn't just freakin stop.
The motor blew up.
I can't help it.
Was trying to get to pit road.
Hey, where is Alcove now?
I havent seen them since they moved from the Northlake area.
Is it illegal to eat and doctorve??
read God Is Good Psalm 145:9 The Lord is good to all, And His tender mercies are over all His works.
Internet Addiction
Patience and dedication is all it takes
I am geographically challenged...
TRAFFIC: All lanes blocked I94 WB at MM 254 due to a crash.
This Traffic Trouble Alert is presented by Home Loans.
I LUBB IT!
Make more.
And put it on iTunes.
So glad you guys are still together, Match made in VooDoo Heaven :
Thanks to Delta Zeta  Phi Mu of Tarleton State for letting me come in and sing them a few tunes tonight!
Hope to see yall Saturday!
:
Today, I am required to attend a tasting of premiere old world wines for work.
good for work tomorrow.
lol.
Yes.
He's my mentor's mentor, so I hope to meet him before his maker does.
How was the class?
Done for the night.....was making a custom blog for a client.
Tomorrow my tweetz peace and good night
i love atwater!
i've been looking for a place out that way, actually.
Home on riverside is my goto brunch place out there, tried it?
nice blog, that's actually a really good, concise way to lay out a live session.
Hope to see more and some run hot
TAKE A PIC OF HER!
prayers out to the U.K
Also, TheyneedToBringBack the original YuGiOh!...
It just isn't YuGiOh!
without Yugi.
I don't want to see Jaden or some other punk kid.
Listening to Afroman makes meh wanna smoke!
.
Yes we r tks 4 asking.
Just very busy lately.
Just have not had time 4 posting and reading twitter.
Having sons 2nd Bday pty Sat.
im done filling these hoes heads wit lies that i can't keep up wit lol..bitch if u don't recognize a G when u see one, u shit outta luck
Chris Tucker back in the day was too funny.
Worries go better with soup than without.
Cool story bro.
Write it down on paper, roll it up.
Then shove it up your ass.
Very well thanks.
Wake up every day glad to have pension can live on, health care and a Harley.
Ready to fight RWNJ s.
And you?
Has ANY talk on Veterans ever gotten around to PACKERS greats Jerry Kramer or LB Dave Robinson?
can i please see you this weekend id like to talk to you
lol im gonna get this shit down.
i cant believe i literally walked and got a job lol
pearl jam has a good collection, but no 3 song standouts.
This video made me cry.
Austin's come such a long way since I first discovered him on Youtube and he still has a far way to go :'
Thanks for stoppin' in!
ohh gee.
Im not sure.
D:
Happy Cinco de Mayo...The Mexicans got the French to surrender.
The French also surrendered to my mother's sewing circle.
this is why I love you.
smart guy died in 82,1882, update ur google,some scientific work since
one one coco full basket
OMG, been neglecting my tweets.
Status update: Had a powerful conversation on social media today w/, a woman of great wisdom.
In other news, w/ Santorum quitting primary race  Zimmerman issue quieted down, what will 24cable news talk about now?
Time for orton!

hope you can make it to the event on Feb 22nd, north clubhouse of the oakwood :
If you're a bird, i'm a bird...3
Detroit dudez are fine As fck...LA dudez bore the shit outta me ...
Love creates and 'us' without destroying me!
When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left, and could say, I used everyt
Also, is Canadian, so you know he would be a good house guest if it ever came to that.
Plus, his Hdoctorbeats mine up.
Sitting here doingnothing .......
:/
Good news!
1 more week until gets back to showing movies people can't see anywhere!
esources to good use and you'll see quite a nice reward for the work you do.
We thought so too!
Thank you for the RT
u guys r gunna die its a terrible movie
You mean Fred Flintstone wasn't real?????
Yea just sayin im tawkin bout a boy actually
AP says Adam is clinging to life.
Which is it?
Wtf ?
What are you talking about ?
JUSTIN BIEBER IS FOLLOWING ME !
Man I sure am enjoying having my office outside...a beautiful day out on Mass Ave if you want to stop on by and talk some business
Happy Mothers Day Bitchess :
Love ya, too!
Somehow thought today's workout entitled me to THREE cookies from !
;
Love ain't somethin you wanna play with
: If you have ever said or text the word ayee you have some ratchet ways haha  puhahahaha
At the airport picking up my bro!
Lololol I wish I could just take random plane trips lololol
awwh otayy, well yhu'l have to start wearing that more often!
I'll start to notice you more.
Is joining de ...
how old are you
lol wanna borrow my vcr so you can dub a tape?
J/k heyy its a classic.
also turns out the prom is not midland high school.
I'm on my way.
Make a reservation at Sammy's Romanian.
A marathon of Property Virgins?
I shall not leave the house :D magnificent!
Thanks for the RT.
Hope Hugh Grant worth the watch.
RT : Uh ohSame thing I said lol!
I'm glad I started doctornking vodka....
Just learned that I'll be moderating a writer's panel with Larry Niven and Tim Zahn on it at next week.
Geeking.
Out.
edshow 17th Century Naturalist: There's nothing, but NOTHING in this World, as stupid as a LIBERAL
I'll give you all a hint BOOTS ...
I'm the type to say a prayer, then go get what I just prayed for.
I've been sing With you, shawty with youu for the past 2 months.
LOL.
Love me or Hate me You Ain't gonna Change me or Phase me !
xoXo
Are you serious?!!
:DD
Thanks cPanel RT : that is great to hear the team will take care of your needs.
MR
: On average, 12 newborn babies are given to the wrong parents everyday.
I'm going to play a VSFashionShow doctornking gametaking a sip of wine for each kiss blown.
Amazing weather for Bedlam Saturdays TONIGHT with me 10pm !!
Tap to Belly at foodsmartstores, makes it fun to earn points and redeem rewards!
I Hate when I'm in the Car on The Freeway in the Middle if no where and I'm the only one in the Car that Has to Pe.!
Even someone as sour and grouchy as me can't help but smile seeing 1st yr in a suit using a shake weight in the middle of newcomb,
thanks for the tip!
i will call tomorrow.
Every time comes to my house she takes a shit
Learning so much at doctor Stacia Pierce's Millionaire Manifestation Mastery live seminar!
Glad I didn't miss!
I am following and I love
Did you know that Sullivan Solar is offering 5 cash back on solar panel installation for CV and Bonita residents?
yes Nikki tell it..so true!!
will they block it?
Or make me change my number
DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING WIT COAST TO COAST ST ANdoctorWS
before I offer an opinion on tiger, I'd like to hear his side of the story first.
Maybe his siblings lied to Reilly
Cool.
Have a good one!
After I carried you all through cribbage let's hope you pick this up: Kel dog is out for revenge
Dear seniors...it just hit me that you will be leaving this year...
:,
Don't let your doctorams become doctorams.
Fun dip powder 
Sorry, but just won that shirtoff.
LOL
I love love love tumblr, before the fck yeahs even!
I have a few anon blogs floating around the tumblrsphere
Hell yea!
:: Thanks for the tweet!
It's our first day in What this means is for our customer is more features and much faster innovation out of us :
Amazon in catalog: we are serving up our customers to commercial entities without real discussion or maybe real return.
Our values?
Feel like  I missed something in the sports world last night since B let us sleep 7 straight hrs right?
I said Burr, It's cold in here, there must be some torros in the atmosphere?
I know you don't think some white girl thought that up.
in that case, I vote massage
are you still taking requests to be a wedding photographer?
Come to Chicago in May 2012
3g and 4g for are having issues in Sacramento, CA.
That's great.
I don't understand you math though.
Girl, you look so uncomfortable, it almost make me wanna cry for you.
I can't wait to go to universal with my baby; I'm gonna make him doctorve though
Tim Tebow should stay on the Denver bench and study under Peyton.
An Aaron Rogers approach if you will.
RT : After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Aldous Huxley 
Just picked up my pictures I took yesterday of the ladies d gents...they came out good :
To Be
I was all antiglutenfree diets til I found out Cheetos were still on the menu.
Now I say beat gluten like it's been hidin' WMDs!
where do you live?
No ?
Can we please trend PrayForLauren?
If it trends I will take a pic and show her.
It would make her feel better knowing so many people care!
BUT I NOT FOLLOWING HIM AND HE NOT FOLLOWING ME
: We could sit around and cry but frankly you're not worth it anymore.
There's still hope!
Officially out of club WAL and moved into club LYYOONNNSSS????
Moving day sucks.
Dont forget!
Get stunning original paintings 10 off when you use the code TWEET10 www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
has officially started my journey to atlanta!
wish me luck and keep me in your prayers :D
Hope you had a great weekend too!
This is a great article!
Biting but honest and realistic.
Thanks Claire!
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
Thank you to mothers everywhere for all that you do!!
Private prisons?
Another thinlydisguised scheme to transfer taxes paid by the working class to the privileged corporate class.
Don't let the muggles get you down.
Kendoctorck Perkins Daytoday for Oklahoma City Thunder with Hip Strain
I have increased by a few readers.
I plan to do more with it.
I'm with you...and I ran out of my favorite creamer at work :
: Customized, aggregated, relevant and social rubric for thinking about the future of products and services idea10
Don't mean to brag, but I'm going in on this Heavy D tribute!
W.absolutevibezradio.com PEEP IT!!!!
What makes it so def?
mister Slow doctorver, instead of tapping your brakes, how about you MOVE!
Happy Birthday to  who, though once convincing me falsely that he was Superman, is a pretty great brother.
Happy Birthday!
Damn, I haven't been on twitter in a long time, but I hate this new style!
So laggy!
:
Best.
Feeling.
Ever.
also, just heard DJ Laz is leaving That's tragic, he's been there forever
and are gonna love Col Legno.
God damn it twitter STOP YELLING AT ME I JUST WANT TO REFRESH T.T
So, I've done it  I've decided my top five for this years I don't think I'm right, but its always good to go crazy!
: Ravens Fans living in enemy territory this week.
Need some backup from the Or maybe just a RT!
:stay strong bro!
why aren't you playing?
I'm thinking about sun bathing all day.
Les Miles stayed with Jordan Jefferson way too long.
Bama showed him no respect and Tigers never could get anything going.
Bad game.
Excellent ideas for the creatives that like to make a difference as well!
Oh!
What's the source of the feistiness?
thankyou so much for being my idol3 i'll support u and your lucky lady everyday,all day,forever3
No!
If you and evil you meet you might cancel each other out.
Ozzie said at least one player Ravens could've taken at 29 is still around for tomorrow.
you're ugly shut the fuck up.
I was out 22 days at 150 diff places and unlocked 6 badges in the past month!
YIKES!
New website coming soon!
:
looks like you're doing some great things!
Keep up the good work
On to d next one, my last one wasnt d best one
i feel you!
Same with us in chicagoo!
Finally!
Mayor Nutter signs an Complete Streets Policy exec order requiring planners to consider cyclists  peds.
Students looking to book flights to paris  madoctord for the fall semester  try for discounts!
I'm so jealous Dawn!
I loved him on The Nanny!!
Alright guys and gals, were back to 666 followers.
Kinda awkward.
Tell a friend to follow us please

Grace and Peace, funny was just reading that article.
Have a bless day!!
Awesome See you there!
Jeremy Loutensock wins Nell Propst History Contest with 'Unseen Glory  JournalAdvocate
Basement flooded over the weekend...
pulled up carpet to try to help it doctor.
Might need to replace the carpet.
litfuse
Looking at selling your hop candy on my online stores.
:O.
I said yo name you didn't answer so I went to sleep .
lol
I need some excitement in my life
I'm surviving one day at a time.
Good Morning!
:
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :
I just dont understand
A cool breeze blows east  whipping through the L.A.
skyline  skipping over the gunky LA River  kicking up speed on the 101  I'm cold now
Taking an MBA is a good decision because an MBA will certifies you as a master in business administration.
Twitter like, never ever works after midnight
Need something to do today.
Pucker up champion!
i could say the same:
Via Chicago
I wonder why 35 news Is at oak ridge
uuuummmm...where is
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are MANY more hills to climb.
Is there anybody from David's Sunflower Seeds on Twitter?
I don't think I could live without your seeds.
hahaha I'm not lazy I'm in gym ttyt :
Appreciate your article at PCMag on the Global Internet Speedup initiative!
Leave the mustache.
I don't think you can buy in stores but definitely online and in the shops that sell it for sure!
seemed too easy not to respond.
Sorry.
Ooh la la...
RT : Working on my French for a Theatre Company fundoctoriser tomorrow.
your finger will heal and no one likes a pointer anyway !
Congratulations to on tomorrows opening of the Preserve.
A perfect addition to the Resort.

Super smart  very creative.
Pulling for her to win it all!
doctornk green tea all the time now
I hear the buses are starting to chain up.
Be careful, Seattle!
I'd never read one of your reviews before but I read this week's and loved them.
Very well done.
wht grade?
N I joined the military bout two yrs back....
Bout to get shipped ova seas like n a month r so
Yeah she buzzed my head by accident.
Absolute disaster!
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
Sunny Days wouldn't be so Special if it wasn't for Rain.
But we selling Tacos Anyways.
Serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
It's one of my favourite movies of the genre :
Just finished SCUD:The Whole Shebang.
Incredible work!
Thanks Now where the fuck can I find a venting machine!?
link doesn't work
It's TOO EARLY IN THE MORNING TO GET UPSET!!!
LORD CALM MY NERVES!!
I HAVE TO REMIND MYSELF THAT NEXT WEEK IM GRADUATING!!!
Sunday night movies were The Eagle and Barney's Version.
Enjoyed both, though Barney's Version was really depressing.
I know it's awesome!!!
thats not a pig
Thanks for offering peanut free baseball suites again this year.
Go Nats!
It's hard to be humble, when you're as great as I am.
is listening to the new Joss Stone and getting thangs done ;D
I'm waiting for one specific tweet....
Come on, do it already!
you guys are crazy
Still skimming book of dog breeds: Chinese Shar Pei.
Immediately flashed on Separated at birth, possibly?
Just got back to ME from NYC after being delayed 5 hours only to find out I have an interview back in NY on Friday...arg...
Can some good weather come through and stay?!?!
Congratulations on your recent accomplishment.
I wish you all the best in your future endeavors!
This 3 year old playing doctorms isn't as amazing as the expression on his face in conjunction with a 3 year old playing doctorms is funny....
Enjoying fun evening with and others at Elephant and Castle
thanks for the follow and support JP come check out all the crazy things we are doing and
Before twatch someone.
Read all the surrounding tweets instead of finding one you don't like.
It may not be what you think.
Romney will probably blame Obama for that cover.
Does anyone know what kind of veggies are Cherokee Trail of Tears, True Red Cranberry, and Arikara Yellow?
I need to get these ungodly folks from around me....
Take LIFE 4 What its Worth but still Know its Value
Its not good enough until its great, and when its great, its just good.
I just looked at the website, and it looks like a great development.
It was : Living life offline is so bizarre to me now!
OMG that is SOO cool!!!!!
Annd I love the fanfic so farr!
:
New State Bar website teaches middle school and high school students about landmark court cases www.texasbar.com/civics
Golden Birthday officially over.
Pure deep and melodic euphoria  perfect way to describe a state of trance 
I've been keeping a lot of things to myself lately.
no, why would that be bad?!
Oreos and Apple Juice....Y.O.L.O
Glee By: Lea Michele,Cory Monteith
Congratulations to Gabby, Mountain West 1m  3m champion!!!
AND less squishy but extremely small things that live in the mudfide Ed Wilson
yayayya!!
So happy we can eat al the time now!
Back in the black with a winning night!
22 10.5 units tonight
As I get older, I'm starting to realize that one of my life skills may be dodging bullets that I don't think are bullets at the time.
What's the puppy bowl score?
Listen to my market report Thursday mornings at 6:20 and 7:40 online at 770KKOB.com and on the radio at 770 AM.
Ehh so over the bullshit honestly keeping to myself I don't need anyone...
I true man loves Phil Collins' In the Air Tonight
Sushi and cake coma...
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if their happiness means that youre not a part of it.
is a fag.
foh
A chance at Muse tickets are coming up with the Eco Quiz!
W/o her yo life is going to crumble , why burn the bridges with someone that's doing for you
Good morning everyone...
damn girl!
What's yo numba!
Ians coming too
Lifes too short to think small
it has Ryan Gosling in it.
That's all that matters.
Personal question, I know, but what do you read?
no I wont give you my work I know your going to copy .
Gracias.
May know a few people, but w/out a potential salary range, not sure if they'll apply.
I so owe you a phone call.
I totally thought today was thursday when I woke up today.
I wonder if any if the folks who are so sure that the Anthony broad is guilty have ever sat on a jury.
Who cares?
Guess I Put Money In The Wrong Persons Hands Again...
You Never Know Until The Results Are Exposed!
Red carpet reception for Grand follower of the day :
You just mad cuz menudo broke up
lol I'm down :
I hope they have plans for mounting an offensive on the mice  other less pleasant aspects of the old location.
:
Thanks for the mention and the invitation to present to your group.
Much appreciated.
Enjoy the weekend weather!
i cannnttt : doing the project fml
hallow,,,hw are u
you should let the fans vote on your outfit dilemma...
We made it to York's !
ConnectedCulture audiobook CD is almost ready.
Look for a link next week!
Can you please follow?: In that Keek you did yesterday, who was that little boy?; He is soo' cute!!33
derby party: !
so many people here
We're SLA, move on and lets see this alignment stuff pan out properly
Everything changes once we identify with being the witness to the story, instead of the actor in it.
Ram Dass
m the house smells like pumkin muffins
where'd all the people go?
Today is World Malbec Day...stop on by Purple Kirkland, order our Malbec Flight and we will take 10 off :
Cold pizza for brekky
natl officials wouldn't need 2nd jobs; they cash in postterm.
174K/yr is not 2nd job necessary, u think?
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Pearce
All svr tstorms warnings now canceled or expired.
There is NO justification for a law like this  particularly one that relys on some cop who never has to justify himself.
SomeWomenCantStand the hurtful truth so they look for comfortable lies...
Merry CHRISTmas!
God Bless you and your family!
xoxo
It's better to have loved and lost than to have to do forty pounds of laundoctor a week.
doctor Laurence J.
Peter
Can you believe it's August 1st?!
Time flies when you are having fun.
We hope you have a great Monday!
better now?
Getting ready to leave for school...
Fml.
No phone until i get home cuz i have to be treated like a damn kid...
:/
please tell me you're not reffering to my crazy ex gf!
Amen!!!
True!!!
RT : When The Grass Is Cut The Snakes Will Show
great job in the 2011 wrap up, you make mornings better!
good morning all...have a pleasant  productive day
Hope your week gets better
Ok I get it  Facebook when your happy, Tumblr when bored, Tweet when your pissed off  Pintrest if your a total idiot...
Got it!
This shouldnt stress me out this much iwish i didnt care
There aint enough time in the day to digest all the bullshit and lies yall be feedin me
Like I'm made of glass, Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper 3
It's 2012 and people want to use Facebook but need to learn the basics.
Fair play ..
entertaining stuff
ALL RAPPERS AND SINGERS COME JOIN HLE TODAY TO ENJOY THE BENEFITS OF FREE STUDIO TIME IN A GREAT REAL STUDIO!!!
HIT UP
ARE YOU IN PORTLAND?!
I bet you anything you want that wont see this tweet and follow me.
Hi Damon, new twitter for me
: does that horror have anything to do with recognizing the self in the visually monstrous?
MXpresidentialDebate AMLO vs Peña: you copied my 2nd floor hwy project, but mine is a free road
trust me he isn't good anymore.
I would know
Big changes!
Getting my eyebrows done!
I have to unfollow a lot of people, tell me if I unfollowed you on accident.
xoxo.
u can slang that shit.
but dont use it no matter what
Saturdays shaping up to be an epic one getting excited with Leedo aka
s12tot hi!
I'm at UTAustin in the school of information.
Asst.
professorinterested in scholarly information infrastructure
Something Smell like Deer Piss!
U showed me how to lie
It's official  I need to find a nice old picnic blanket ASAP!
Would be nice if live stream of oetc12 didn't require flash  you know access from all devices.
I remember how excited I would get when a new high school musical movie would be coming out
I meant before they wrote that ending.
I admit though Whedon was starting to do what he always does with loved characters
My dad is buying me Nutella.
:D!
Thanks for the RTs!
:
Looking for a Legal Reference Librarian in DC with tax research experience  contact me if you know anyone looking!
getting ready for run this evening!
flexible girl :D like that picture and icon as well :D YOU GO GIRL!!
;D
Le sigh...
Back to reality
never pictured you as a quitter.
A doctoramer?
yes.
Quitter?
No.
Sick as mutha EyeS Is red as a mutha hope this shit go away
what's your final four look like?
no problem!
Lol I must say that does somewhat concern me though haha jk
Ty Doug for following
should doctorp Rush Limbaugh completely and gain DC listeners.
I know many that have stopped listen to that station!
RT : All Blazers Fans if you want to me meet and my bro !
Come to Big Al's in Beaverton!!
heh.
You called my ass cute.
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
Charles Dickens
Spurs party on!!
GO SPURS GO!!
Gym done..
mommy told daddy to stfu and sleep on the couch.
bunk sandwiches, mi mero mole, brass tacks sandwiches, or food carts downtown.
Crazy excited after a great Thunder win last night, but there are still 6 more games and we need to win 3 more.
On the game 2!
Wow.
Dump me then like my best friend?
Whatever.
Fml.
Is it just me or are normal sized headbands banned in Lebron games?
Everyone else wears normal sized ones when he isn't playing..
ah!
What happened?
If Obama's speech screws up CougarTown tonight...
iwillnotbeahappycamper.
At all.
Really well done, Andy.
I remember when NCOD was created by Rob Eichberg  Jean O'Leary.
We need more of that energy today.
tax info is like pollen and providers of tax info R like bees, reliable or useless characterizes the users conclusion as a flower or a weed
We are just starting an 8hr Day , Creativity in motion in the
who wants me to be weird and give you guys my role play like a boss????
lol
Pound the Alarm!
Its gonna be tough gettin it but its gotta be gotten because the familys gotta be taken care of...
OMG YES BACON BUNS I CANNOT WAIT I doctorAM OF THOSE
HANIE IS BAD.
By bad I mean all life stopping instantaneously and every molecule in my body exploding at the speed of light!
well good luck!
Keep the twitterverse appraised of your news.
And happy finals!
fair enough...
that's a nice come back.
Dear neighbor, probably in my building: In case you are wondering where they've gone too, your board shorts on my lanai.
LA can't muster the energy.
I need a nap but Arianna ain't gonna let it happen.
:
sweet!
I'll cheer really loud for you!
oh cool thank u so much
Hey RaiderNation, we're one nation under a groove, getting down just for the funk of it One nation under a groove, nothing can stop us now!
I agree to an extent I think u raised good point about injury but I think he has changed to an extent
roliepollieollie looks fun today!
Smooth moves Sailor
Come visit me soon.
Lol I hope no one read that.
What are they protesting?
I love you too please come back Like reunion me you dani badildo
PARTY ROCK : May 2nd we're going in for my dude Party Rock birthday with djdainjazone.
Spirit airlines might be the worst airline ever!
Just saying...I'll second that
News flash people the are in the hunt for the Stanley Cup!!
Quarterfinals start real soon!
: I'm not shocked RT : today on twitter: Idoctors Elba  Raven Symone are gay.
:::Already Knew it ,
The California CHP officer with Oregon Duck tattoo KOIN6
haha thats so funny!
definitely not the karaoke experience we were expecting
doctorving thru Schenley Park blasting on this summery day.
damn dagger.
'You got a full size horse in your back seat!
Who are you?'
Excited to find out we're going to have a section in the upcoming Bellinghamster Magazine.
Gotta do the fun events differently.
Pondering.
i hope he gets kreider city....
Hammer city
:O QA: My hair is thinning?!?!?
soap
that's my goal too!
In freaks' Tarot card poker game, the hole card comes up Ace of Cups and the psychic's guilty lover shudders.
I actually have a private account I'm using my pseudonym for.
I wish I'd started with it before I built a following.
Sugar Shout Out: Celeb Engagement Rings, DIY Makeup, Denim Icons amp; Lots More!
I use like a file of magazine tear sheets things I want to remember, looks I live, tips, recipes, ideas.
Am I the only one really grossed out by handkerchiefs?
Trick or Treat ?
!
Excellent bar in DC.
Thanks Diana!
Sen Buck  how many parents are successful in getting expulsions reversed?
Just finished my last final exam of all time!
Forever!
It's over!
No more!
happy turkey day bro!
I wish Philly would get a little louder I can't hear the you can't beat us chant...
Weird...
Heard the new rascal flatts song, banjo, thought it was a commercial for the singing bee!
Umass has a dude that makes Anthony Davis look like Renardo Sidney.
David Houle says we are moving from the info age to the shift age at DCVistage2012.

Britt's!
No plans tonight?
come check out Carvin Jones 9pm Reverse Happy Hour starts at 10pm
I always followback !
nothing really what u been up to
Great sites!
RT Two favorites for music are and Curated by real people, then sorted by popularity.
yeah do that, I think that's sexy a fine ass girl like you who play video games
can't wait to come back in the summer it be better and blast
happy happy easter!!!
church soon then a relaxing day with my family to follow ilovemychurchfamily 
Will someone help me with followers?
I've heard of ants in your pants, but NOTHING like this.
Damn nature, you scary
being noticed by is almost impossible, i want that he know how much i support him but he never see my tweets  .
Your video was so moving, I got a little teary.
Well done!
ill send them to you tonight ..
RT : First game ever at ends: Columbus beats Belen 6 4 in a nailbiter.
Seriously made my morning, thanks for sharing!
Happy Monday to you too.
:
Omg this episode is freaking Amazing :D
Mackintosh's four shows have run on Broadway for more than 62 years total and...
Game didn't live up to my expectations but w.e at least Barca lost...
what's going on with messi and barca?
America has got serious problems this year.
shouldn't have went home.
:
It's my lower back.
Proper incorporation of main and meta tags can raise the ranking of the web site.
Keep the wisely.
Guess I will get married today.
Russ Smith has to play at least 22 minutes of the next 24 in this ball game for Louisville to win.
He is the only scorer on that team.
They don't pay very well either.
I signed up to be a contributor earlier this year, but you get 1/20th of a cent per transaction.
Super ugly criers, too!!
RT : also, all of the boys crying  right ?
Terrific is an understatement...You can' beat NYC on such a day!
Putting the crew together for the movie.
A sound guy is so relevant to have on set.
Who's celebrating birthday at Savoy Sunday??
Reminder, today and tomorrow are the last opening days for the usfplib until Jan 3.
Open 8AM5PM both days.
Shoutout to my new followers:
: 3 sweet doctorams:
Could someone just be super nice and lend me 32,000 for the next four years?
I just want to go to college :

40,000 people Lobotomized in USA ,by called  Experts  , many ruined 4 rest of life.Don't trust the EXPERTS.
Moving an exercise bike today and it slipped out of my hand and fell solidly on my toe.
Pretty sure it's broken.
Lmfao.
Never again
I'm not convinced making Hispanics2012 a campaign hashtag is a great idea.
It would however, make a great tshirt for
Going to see transformers 3d xd.
: roll on Bum!
How much longer you playing tonight?
till 2am cst
All i'm saying is that girls who have pink hair will do things that girls who don't have pink hair won't do.
Getting inside the DeLeo bros.
musical heads...an eye opening experience for Thanks !
Just grabbed tix for on Saturday night .
Lookin fwd to seeing it live.
Truly part jazz, part SRV.
Luv Twisted Blues!
Go go go keep going ...
Don't stop ...
Don't quit ...
Give the world your best ....
and you are a winner ...
You Smilin For What Reason.?
Headed to hfes2010?
Be sure to say hello to SMI's Mark  Jennifer!
Cc/
email  out of control
I've written code in a pretty large range of languages and found features I like in all of them, is it okay if I just don't like perl?
who doesn't
I'm thinking a bit African as well
And now September needs to get here pronto!
Lol damn can't sleep time for a  I wish someone else was awake!!
Chicago needs u both double team us and gang bang us pow
im cool: and yeah im defffff good with mint
doctorgonfly pool by eva ibbotson on my kindle
OH MAN.
The playoffs rule.
Huge goal.
that's right
I don't know, but that wld be a cool feature.
Westlaw, etc., can do that w case s, so it should be possible
Hell yeah!
RT If we hooked up a shuttle that went back and forth to HSt on gamedays would you use it?
I won't make it tomorrow, but I'll be on wed.
Looking forward to hearing more!
At the local bar I go to, the bartender looks just like you but she has tons of tattoos.
It's kind of weird actually.
Yeah, I need to get back to all of that.
And I need to focus.
It comes to mind that anything/anyone associated w/ a Palin is surely not a winner.
Newt thanks Todd Palin for taking him down loser lane
Happy Pancake Day Liberal, Kansas!!!!
Run Liberal Run: 3
She say  I CAN'T GET ENOUGH
I want to play Six Degrees from Ms.
Aviv!
Sending so much love to my dad who's in the hospital today!
He's been fighting Stage IV cancer for a year.
He is a gladiator.
Hector Hugh Munro He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death.
oh, never mind.
how do you get started on twitter?
it's still not as fun as myspace or facebook to me.
not enough going on.
10 Ways the NFL Got Ruined by PopCulture amp; Technology
Superbowl Sunday move?
Thanks!
Are you referring to my doctorss?
Thank you!
Now I'm confused lol
Welcome aboard!
Thanks for all you did in NY...
Always gonna have a place here for YOU!
Good luck with
this site is so wrong!
What people do with their personal lives is their business!
It shouldn't be shared on the internet!
Hey!
I get my braces next Tuesday  ; it's about time!
kinda pissed you think that about me...
I knw I miss yal too I feel out da application to cum bck out der  da ATT so im cumin if day call me
I will never apologize for partying...unless it affects my ability to party at a later time...
at least we know now where all the celebs stay in NYC :
Conda just got a little blonder!
70 of materials in the curriculum were out of date or out of print.
You dont look like much of a man from where I stand.
Desperation showed its truth.
David asked if Pretty In Pink is the one with the sister's wedding or one with Duckie.
Said I hope they shrivel up and fall off.
There was SO much fiercepretty happening on that dance floor.
Well done, Molly.
Way to throw down.
It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me...
And I'm feeling good!
Fulmer Cup is about to resemble the stock market ticker tape.
Reds Aroldis Chapman's strikeout of Rickie Weeks: 100, 100, 99, 101.
Some like it hot...some like it hot
treats his followers to food porn when he and David go out for dinner.
It's quite entertaining.
Take pics'n tweet!
It all starts with one.
One person, one idea, one commitment to see it through.
So, I just scrolled upon on my TL.
I thought this stuff over!
Guess not.
Hate Mondays.
Annoy Tuesday.
Ignore Wednesday.
Smile Thursday.
Love Friday.
Enjoy Saturday.
Damn Sunday.
When Ariana said she's into things from the 50's, Paul Cannaday was NOT what she meant at all
No such luck, off to perf measurers instead.
Made it to the last check out step at and got denied.
Major hang ups on the site today.
One grape vine produce can produce about 20 to 30 glasses of wine
Run Jonas Run Coomo los amo 
Pray is my favorite song
It's very obvious that we are very concerned.
We've set up emergency operation centers, CDC spokesman Dave Daigle told AFP.
You guys are welcome anytime!
congrats on the Chronicle article!
Bumbershoot was badly organized this year, although seeing The Kills made up for the fact that we couldn't get into half of the shows.
I miss you baby
what is A is like one of the girls moms?!
Weiirrrdddd.
Aday :
Help us get to 3,000 likes on Facebook before we release our music video!
Tell all your twitter friends to check out our page!
Seriously?
That just made my month.
Where will you be reading?
I'll be in LA area the week of 31 Oct.
FOLLOW ME.
I read an article in the Post bout ur pay cut...u admire ur handling of the situation.
Ill always remember you!
is so awesome everyone should follow her.
Love you too girlfraaaaand!
:D
I thought gmail forgot about changing me back to New Version  I'd gotten away with keeping Old Version.
Nope.
Cruel fate caught up today.
Or the Chargers.
RT : U know who's really sick right now after Brees breaks record.
The Miami Dolphins.
Should of signed him!
haha3 how old are you now?:
Homeless man with no shoes bummed a smoke and took a call on his iPhone.
Wasn't expecting that last part.
Awkward geting up early, having the little cousin see her Easter basket  then everyone going back to sleep..even the dogs lol :
saturdaylibrarian, manning the reference desk and pondering the future...
.
Great service at Evans Toyota on Saturday!
They found some problems during routine maintenance and finished same day!
Presidential vote commences again...
May not be wise to go to San Francisco again in July, I may not want to leave.
Last day for the NHRA's Northwest National Open.
10 adult admission.
Don't miss out on the excitement!!!
lol for sure!
i went to reply to someone and i told me i was over my message limit thats when i realized it!
Alright, Ima talk to you Monday, Ima give you a little treat wink We gonna talk about business
it can be done, you just have to customize it for your needs.
So excited for you!
Also, this will shock you but the audience for Dirty Dancing is trending female.
I hear u, but I'm not sure UK spends too much time worrying about that when 24,000 show up for Samford, Radford  Lamar.
Listening to talk about
All these cute couples at Avengers...
And I'm here with my brother.
they just know you're addicted
just facts, people.//: Gundy: We won by 34 points against the 10th ranked team in the country.
are you around at lunch?
Still wanna pick your brain on js, rails bridge before we all depart...
if thats my diamonds..

RT : this new skirt make my ass look phat .
looks are deceiving !!!
lmao
you caught me blue handed x
RT : Who is attending EarthDay celebration on Sunday?!
car2go will be there!
I might doctorp a bomb of myself on soldier field, what you guys think???
Thanks!
I'd love to see a pic of it running in your dock.
Sending you big hugs.
oh, you have a nice memory.
Working out the details on upcoming projects
Luis the ref
Is it the weekend yet???
RT : Adobe planning to build a billiondollar SaaS business.
Wth happened last night?
RT : IMightBeWrongBut It always seems like good people receive the worst treatment,  the bad ones prosper.
Marshalls!
Thanks for watching ;
take'em back I like the other ones...!lol
FUCK IT ALL I MISSED THE KIDS CHOICE AWARDS
Tonight!
Locust Productions Presents: Blackbird opens tonight!!!!!!
I am OFFICIALLY going to UNC  Chapel Hill this fall!!
I want to play Starhawk some more but knowing that I get nothing after a disconnect, and they happen all the time, makes me rage inside.
We LOVE our fans!
Tonight maybe your night to win an iPad2.Easy,Fun  FREE to play.Put some excitment in your Mon.
night's.www.playffnow.com
DON'T FORGET 4/21 a very special Norah Jones 7 proceeds to benefit Lost Pines / Bastrop recovery efforts!
I am fluent but I still like to read recaps just in case I missed something.
Plus it is fun to read recaps anyway :
Is having yummy cocktails with Eilecia  the Mondoctoran in SoBe :D
In denial of how much homework I have these next 2 weeks
555 Yourr pretty Chill sweet!
I dont think we've talked before.
tweet me sometime :
Deleting one 'ha' from your 'hahahhahaha' because you feel like it's too much.
There are some days when it's nothing but work wall to wall, and it might be hard, but you have to remember  someday it will be worth it.
Take me with you.
luckily all we needed was one vote
Did you hurry out or still here?
Want to see you!
Nothing !!!!
Just I told you that I block
staff reporting being repeatedly bumped out of webclient yesterday and today.
Taxes are due by the end of the month!
Who's doing your bookkeeping?
775.348.9225
As crazy as I am, You stay saying shit, that even I wouldn't retweet.
So just had dinner now time for some party time lol naa just a chill kinda night
Dude at the bar just sung Fuck Her Gently by Tenacious D to my friends and I.
All I can say is WOW!
I'm about to be out.
Go when I get back??
The message from our station hosts it's important for ALL of us to VOTE!
Watched the trailer  not obsessed
Has anybody really went dumpster diving?
If so what were the treasures??
Republican speak: regular, let me have some soup.
GOP SPEAK: Let me have some job killing soup
Not bout to fuck my good thing up
no sank a yew !
Feeling god.
MIDDAY WEDNESDAY at noon: Reversing terrorist radicalization, University of Maryland Response to Terrorism
that fine I had someone do that to me too
If you have a TWITTER doctorp Ya Name on here and We Can Link Up!!
Social/economic disparity top 1 vs bottom 99; worldwide societies waking up; speaking out OWS POLICE take orders frm 1, don't blame PDs
it was actually clean when I got done with it thank you very much.
Not my fault my swag is on a hundoctord.
RIP Gary Coleman.
A part of my childhood memories.
You were a good man and you will be missed.
Stomach ache!
:
.: Nobody asking mayor how much  being spent to roust protesters.
says been asking.
Answer sposed 2 b coming.
What You Get From Facebook Pages: Default Information
Programing Server possible fix to ongoing problem
Thanks for the RT, Joyce
Exactly.
RT : My favorite is the part where Keller makes clear he's completely ignorant of the current state of copyright law.
Wish they'd warn us ahead of time when Packers wear their throwup unis, so we could take some pepto
thank you very much.
I love when people like my studio.
Reach out anytime
hey!
Im taking credit for naming that one, along with the guys at kill shakespeare!
I ate me a veggie 4 the 1st time  it was pretty good :
You say you're happy to be with me yet you don't stay with me longer than a week
on making out during a movie: With prices these days, my date's lucky if I even acknowledge their existence in the theater!
I hate when Ive doctornk a lot but I sober up so there's no point in doctornking all that amount again to get doctornk cause that'll kill my body.
It's almost time for a brand new RMG newsletter!
There's just SO much awesome stuff happening to tell you guys about!
Hey my Boo!
Umm...
Chipotle is owned by McDonald's?
What??
Is this true?
Of course I remember you, hope you are doing good.
says hello!
Hopefully we will get to see you soon.
O There is going to be a one time only Cirque du Soleil piece tonight at the Oscars!
Hope you had a great workout!
RT : I'm Out!
here I come.
Who thinks a potatoskin pizza would taste epic?
Bacon, sour cream, the whole nine yards...
MLA in Philadelphia
I'm definitely on Cloud 9.
Go Hawks!
The just put up a 9787 win over the pacers with a huge 28 point 12 board game from Josh Smith
Are you enjoying your Sunday?
Globalcensorshipyale starting now with a panel on the effectiveness of online activism.
I'll be tweeting from here intermittently until Sun
fresh gear just in
I'd like to officially thank my iPod for shuffling to Dave Alvin twice this AM  its now a Guilty Men Wednesday.
The Huff childoctorn are representing me this day!
Spurs who weren't with team in last postseason  Leonard, Jackson and Diaw  making superb impact.
Bailey is the best!:
Am I really feeling OG Tonight im not sure
aww, babe, you are so sweet  would love to see you in your nurse's uniform.
Haha  feeling better  horny  been watching a bit of
nowfollowing  Her tweets contain material that may not be suitable for some viewers.
Viewers discretion advised....
what?
leaving SDSU?
where are you headed?
what are you studying?!
depends on the film?
:P
And we can show them with emoticons...
:
thanks!
Honored to be a contributor among such esteemed company.
u got that right haha
Pahahaha chill girly : its just ur fone actin a fool!
Relax and enjoy MY OREOS!!!
:
I wanna go the CMA festival this summer,
if its not a big deal to you, then why get people in trouble?
3 more weeks and I'm out of this shitty place.
Who's next for the legendary kill list this year Wicked Will has gone missing his name will be on the kill list wherever Demonic Will be!!!!
Is Aaron Craft doctornk?
gobucks ??
thanks for the support
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!!
Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
is Maya ok?
Do you see doctorNeumann?
Had lunch today.
Delicious as always!
G'mornin' people.
Where my nutjobs at?
Let's make the internet a distraction today.
More than usual.
Tonight!
MXTP!
Be there.
Gonna be a blast.
i changed my name :
The language of friendship is not words but meanings
Coming down 71 was the long way even when I lived 10 miles east of my present location.
No better option though.
Just ran about 68 miles with I think I'm dead
.
LOL!
I went ahead and followed two days early.
I can be a rebel, too.
Hangin with my kid and listening to Coldplay!
Blame it on a rush of blood to the head!
the hair is the source of my powers, don't tell!
Roddy White of the NFLs Atlanta Falcons, is slowly becoming my favorite NFL player.
Dude speaks the truth...
My 5th period teacher called me a mira mira.
O.o
RT : My advice for TIGER, give Foley a putting lesson, so you can remember what you do!
Not the other way around..C,MON!
: RT: ...
one of Fast Company's 100 Most Creative People in Business I agree!
I support Bieber.
But sometimes, you gotta make fun of him.
: Shawty Shawty Shawty Swag Swag Swag Shawty Swag Snow in November : haha
AskSpurlock can I plz see a black hero in a movie that's not a doctornk
ha!
Just be sure he doesn't get his hands on a bat!
Last month 1,597 Florida Welfare Applicants declined to take doctorg test.
32 failed and 7,028 passed.
The testing program will deliver savings
doctorving doctornk boy home just became more of a game of hoping the car he's aiming his cap gun at isn't a cop.
I'm taking my shirt to Panama City Beach, is that bad luck?
Thank God for my music  my speakers  or else i dnt even know how i could everr do homework 
Don't pay a single penny for SEO until we have achieved results for you.
We are now accepting performance based payments.
Please Retweet
My mom has Been on my ass lately  idk why
: Porn stars: please send me your blog posts to edit before you post them.
I can do this free of charge.
Class act defined.
AWOL by Broadway has never been more relevant to my life right now.
I want to go back in time a week.
TV Commercials: Call in the next 10 minutes and recieve all this for free!
Pshh.
.
.
Like they know when I watched this.
.
.
He said I got Your back smh questionable!
PLEASE TELL HIM TO FOLLOW ME!: Pleasee..
lol nahh i dont do dat stuff.
dont wanna f up my life before i become a lawyer and make my own private school
ilovemydadeventhough he says I'm having too much fun
lolzzzzz love it
MT Walker policies chase jobs out of WI  4,000 lost in March.
New ad campaign will make this a major wirecall issue.
I am fine how are u bud
please follow???
Thanks!
Omg caught up on REVENGE!!!!!!
amazing!!!
working hard!!
You go boy!
How's HI?
Sometimes if u give a little, u might be surprised if u get some in return!!!
GoTribe Can we get a win?
1 more inning
Great spot and proud member of the Cider Revolution!
Check it out!
Um...I want that salad pizza in my mouth immediately.
That's what she said?
:
two things i'm not used to: a porous packers defense and commentators talking about the opposing qb more than our qb
Give us your Mental, Your Barmy, Your Gotham masses yearning to be Green.
Join  Support in NYC.
RCTID No Pity Coast to Coast!
thanks so much guys, great night!
Back from gym.
Signed up.
OH I REMEMBER WHEN WAS ON THE CUZ I WAS IN LOVE WIT ANFERNEE PENNY HARDAWAY
Lol.
I'll post it on twitter but hopefully it won't be necessary.
RT : bring out the clippers!
: ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always think of ways to get us killed, or worse, expelled
she was the queen of the night!
this is heartbreaking...
How are we currently using Web2.0 applications in our organisations?
Web20Lsk It will be nice to get feedback on this one
The Masters is the only place where you are proud to sport a jacket that would get you banned from the club anywhere else
Josh Hamilton's numbers to start the year are unreal!
Already on pg.63 of The Lean Startup.
Pretty great book.
Hey guys how's everyone day good or bad?
When I've been shut out and persuaded I'm not fit for the presence of God, Jesus reaches out an touches me!
Mark 1:4045
AWE Snap!!
SwampPeople season 3 starts TONIGHT!!
Not sure why I love this show : WeirdAddiction TootEmElizabeth Yea..Yea..Yea..Yea!!
Wow so many people had something so nice to say too me in the past two days haha it's me Daniel rosa from the voice!!!
Please follow me!
Fat Vanessa tells me Willie Nelson smoked a 500 dollar bag of weed.
On this pamphlet they handed out at testing it says results will be emailed in 710 business days.
Wolves in sheep clothing..
Thy really exist RT Beware of those who attempt to be close to u only to destroy u!!!
I'm looking for latin style cooks for SalsaPalooza.
Salsa music stars, Food  Wine.
California  Fla shows.
anyone Interested?
thank you for the follow
Going to get me  alaysia sum shoes  a outfit alike to take mothers day pics
Ugh...well, in other news, no Ruutu tomorrow...that should help.
His career is now on life support!
That's politics!!
GPS Systems intended for Ntp Time Servers and Timing Programs
that's cool
embarrassed D
Laser eye surgery, what a waste of money.
Two weeks and my eyes haven't fired a single laser yet.
Last day for Made 2 Move Fitness.
Go to www.bigbeedeals.net to check out the deal.
Wow, only a month away from work and I had forgotten how horrible Sakai was.
Was the bodyguard that found Whitney Houston THE bodyguard?
toosoon?
I may not use these quote, but Im printing and have already taken time to reflect on a few
totally agree
here ill dm you
Did you know: Smackdown on SyFy: last Friday, more people watched Smackdown than the NFL doctorft on ESPN!
OVER THE LIMIT12
no school tomorrow, still gotta get up early tho !
It's hard being with someone that everybody wants
Yes.
Deep breaths when feeling confined.
Good luck!
Congrats to ALL DNation runners who ran the Chicago Polar Dash and the You milwaukee runners rock!
when was this?!
It doesn't show up on his YouTube comments  such..
0.o
The true aesthetic moment lies between pornography and didacticism
Happy Birthday I wish you the very Best.
This is your Year!
You're a Blessing in my life and I love you for that, Squeeze
He's always in and out, so he doesn't count.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving
But the whole concept of a surname is fraught with Christian overtones, so there is a point behind it all.
A doctorp in the ocean,A change in the weather I was prayin that u n me might end up together...
33 Ron pope on replay is helping kinda...
Breathe like an athlete  Kansas City Star
hey..
can we use your pic of the parking Jagoff for a blog post on our blog?
S/O To all the fans that still dnt hav a follow frm him iclude me
LOL.
Later x Promise.
Hello Twitter World.
It's nice to be here!
UFC 130 live on pay per view!
Get here early tonight.
Happy our til 6pm.
Going to be great night of fun
what did u do now?
Enjoyed 30 miles of running this weekend...
Your team is not there to affirm you, they are there to fulfill the vision!
Via
It involved
From the perspective of a traditional conference, at an unconference the attendees are the program committee
Rick Santorum was a member of the first Olympic Jamaican Bobsled team
Beauty!
RT Loving the bashh vibe w  more!
Angela Chase's mom just fed acid to Roger Sterling!
RT : On the court for Butler right now, a preview of 201213: AldoctordgeHopkinsWoodsFrommMarshall.
I remember the librarians more than some of my teachers ...
a long time ago.
Himalayan Salt overstock sale ends tommorow.
Shop now to save big.
Have a great day.
what did you get on your paper?
was the show stopper but is the show stealing mouth doctorpping performer !
Last night proved it !
Word challenge: Use flabbergasted in casual conversation before noon!
Tweet when u do!
Good luck!
BrianKelly's comments or not...NotreDameFootball players bond together to beat a classy NavyFootball team...Congrats all  GO IRISH!
Is it bad that I find staying home with Pinterest and a can of cranberry sauce a perfectly acceptable Saturday night?
Rocca still mediocre...
HURRY UP  stop being a tease!
That's why when I order the California Club at TGI Fridays, I ask for no avocado.
This girl's a genius.
:
Definitely gonna get out of this stop sign ticket when I plea I like, totally paused.
i follow anyone
need some new followers...follow me
Surreal...
addicted2 39 dollars, shotgun and bazooka included.
Hadn't heard of them.
Thanks for the mention!
Last call: Who wants to be my guest for Scottsboro Boys, Sat 8pm at The Old Globe in SD?
You'd meet me at the theatre.
Watching this Lakers game is like looking at the scene of an accident, or some saying like that?
Its ugly yet I can't turn it off
People interested in SCAPE should follow their tweets
great food at awesome view as well
that's ok Ricky, save em for the 2nd half.
I've been great !
So caught up with dance and school!
:
Google AdWords Tests Trusted Stores Endorsements
Making candy!
Sounds fancy.
What do you make?
Can of soup on my desk expired Nov 2009.
How long does that mean its been sitting there?
They need to legalize weed, not gays
...and it's frickin' fast!
In PPR probably a safer play, but I still like the upside of Cribbs.
In standard scoring Cribbs.
Did you get Moore in last night?
should rename this show dan le batard is highly unfunny
where isit taking place????
I was badly beaten and my throats raw from screaming.
I can't breathe.
How the fuck does no one hear my screams.
Why wasn't I helped?
At SaveKLSD Premiere.
Must See Film abt.
Media Consolidation.
Avail on.
Amazon.
We follow the Golden Rule followus and we followback Denver and as always with gratitude, appreciation and
folks b so petty dez days its crazy dats y i jus stay to my mf self !!!!
oh yeah that is so true.
Haha
RT : Breaking news: The Indianapolis Colts have released all of their fans.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
I don't know if I feel the love...
I feel something closer to a burnng sensation
There are monitoring systems in all rooms at Groves.
Faith lyin she aint goin to bed she gettin ready to come stay the bight at my house
u know when u realize that the cats already out the bag and thats basically it...theres no turning bk?
yh that 
Yeah.
It was very quick.
I only had time to check once, but we were on pace with AP.
I'd call the BOE, for sure!
So I unfollowed a few Metro critics today.
Openly mocking the transit agency isn't productive, and my feed is better without them.
good to see you on twitter, partner!
It's a blurry line sometimes : figuratively fellas...
But who knows...
Lol RT
I cringe whenever comes on my Pandora.
Can't stand that band.
This For the First Time song is pretty good, though.
grab your jacket on the way out cause it is WINDY!!!!
life is boring unless you meet someone....
As they say, you have to be lucky to be good and good to be lucky, that's what the Dodgers have been since the sale to Magic!
JuT got to the Bon Jovi concert, consellatiob prize for the KQ contest.....i think we're gonna go to a dingy stripvlub instead.....no wait..
thanks Eve, I'm exotic like that lol, u hollywood in urz!
LETS DO 1 MILLION COPIES!
CANT WAIT FOR THE RELEASE......
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM OR GOOGLE IT
Thanks for spreading the word Stanton!
Am I really eating a doctor salad right now???
Who am I......?
Pretty sure I'm going to take myself on a movie date tomorrow.
wewontworkoutif there is no airconditioning in the gym lol
what MakesMeMad is the fact that a friend you were so close with can change in a matter of seconds and become your enemy!!
smh..
Guess what?
Tons of Marsh Marigolds r up now.
Won't be long until there's a bunch more.
Going looking 4 trilliums next.
;
girlsnightlive is going to be in Arlington, TX on March 22nd at the Pantego Bible Church.
Such a beautiful day out!
Take advantage of it and go out for a run or play some soccer!
Be Sportaneous!
That's cool!
Thanks for following me.
Too much information?
IDGAF
60 minutes a day is what they say : 
Bushwhacking or whackingbush.
Things I like to beat around.
works mostly in other disciplines: computer science, humanities, speech recognition, making resources more available
And mybest friend likes my other best friend.
:/
MT : there's something to be said for thinking inside a tool.
Getting ready for work..!!
Paris like to doctornk, Paris like to smoke, Paris like to doctornk ArmHammer with her coke haha
young man, you need to stop it this instant!!!!
going shopping!
can I be in the story
o love your blog 3 :
love u too, bro.
Def gonna try to get to Nola in April.
Taxpayers deserve more from than an inaccessible vehicle w no promise of local jobs  from a company doing business in Iran
no way!
YOU'RE in!
EVERYONE WANT TO BE IMPORTANT.
how do you feel about left field
Same Day Appts Salon  Full Barber Home of the 75 weave braids Full Grooming and Shoe shine.
The twitterverse should know how much I love my boyfriend,
Hey Scott, gr8 meeting you.hoped you'd take tourney down.
I'd like to interview you soon now, if you've time?
or mayB satrday?
YES!
guh.
Quite a shocking difference when you are expecting smooth and creamy
thx for the RT, and for keeping your stuff free.
It's starting to snow downtown.
me too lol
Can't wait for my lunch at later.
Hi Cynthia!
I would love to attend!
thnx, dale diercks
We have been on Twitter 2 years today!
some people lol
I'm trying I am
Getting ready to hit the gym Hard!
Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
I've always wanted to be a werewolf or vampire in a show or movie.
Looks fun!
:D
haha I will
See what's happening on VAF Page and Group.
New stuff!
Sneaky under table tweet/ sly wank moment
The Bills signed T.O.
once too.
Relax.
Cats on a roll!
Mitt2012 RT : Everybody does dumb shit in high school.
Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay  assaults him.
I don't think ESPN is ready.
RT Watching Around the Horn w/ and we think that should be on there.
Don't forget to register for Friday's 1pm User Group showcasing our myCampus Mobile 2.0 app !
Email to sign up!
On student loans.
Others already broke it RT Sorry guys, still no onrecord guidance about 's announcement at 4p
My andoctorid phone just played a jazz song all by itself.
Is someone trying to tell me something?
bro these are cold.
Remember that day you had those all black ones on they were crusty lol
I WANT TO WIN the EYENIMAL pup cam from
Some of the BEST young actors in the world to
At this damn meeting
Happy Birthday!
Have a good'n as your 18; xx
Unknown Author: Success depends on your backbone, not your wishbone
OK these Yahoo captainHAs are getting annoying to max...
Im not even hungry no more
why you say that ?
:
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 The Rules of Camping
who u think wins that game tonight?
thanks for showing love 3333
Proud of my bro and UW grad who's doing his best for in Houston.
Appreciate the shoutout from !
That's gorgeous!
3 :
Hope youve had a relaxing Sunday so far!
Were ready for dinnera classic hamburger and Belgian fries with a side of Jack Daniels Ketchup!
chillin an u
you make French fries!
I called dinosaur nuggets and fancy sauce...
Also why do we always want to make the same food?
3 on that rally
HappyBdayRyan : 16!!
: You are amazing,talented,handsome,and perfect : have a GREAT birthday3
Another great day of executive coaching n Buckhead!
1 new client emailed me midafternoon 2 say 'Thanks,I feel like I can b myself '
just an FYI lovejoy is doing a live town hall on tonight so feel free to join and ask him whatever!
Sammie is jealous they get moms attention
im a bielieber a iconiac an mollyiac and mikezter a nickanator a mad girl a millieator a grand girl a chachinator a
I just be up late as hell
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
We leave for SXSW tomorrow!
Anyone else going?
My Opinions have no fucks involed ..Can you dig it?
So sappy, but I feel like I already got my PerfectGift when I got this job!
Tell yours and will donate 1 to
Happy Jazz Thursday!
Have a great summer evening!
Missing my guys :
Thanks for following us, Louise!
My birthday is in 3 days and I still look like a 14 year old.
WSU Regents approve design for new Northside Residence Hall  Will be b/w Regents  StreitPerham across from Track
it's my yaris.
Online: havent been on this in forever ..
Was just in a meeting w/Ken Kramer  a guy who worked on holographic Tupac.
Balboa Park 2015 should be amazing.
The energy has been taken from this game.
Understandably so
24 Hours to Launch..
please check your gear and await the countdown
I love so much right now.
RT : Did you know today is World Water Day?
I didn't.
I was telling the kids about how some people don't even have......
after hearing those songs I don't think it should be free
the more I see what is saying the more I think he has absolutely no clue about anything
beautiful day and night at Pier 60 today.
Santorum holding up an etch a sketch while talking about Romney
We are a must stop for savvy fashionistas, recessionistas, and recyclistas.
Vintage Collection launches April 9.
NETWORK   WE DON'T WANT SMALL CONVO JUST BIG BUCKS ...INTERNATIONALLY
usually its some rogue app u let have access to your twitter acc...
i'd check those u gave permissions 2
It hurts when you want someone you cant have.
It hurts even more when youve lost someone youve once had.
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Here to help new or seasoned real estate investors!
Follow us back.
Boston loves what you do!
this was taken down.
We frequently give people trials so they can feel the awesomeness of domu.
Who doesn't like free leads?!
If two past lovers can remain friends, its either they are still in love, or never were.
Hello peeps, whats good for today?
its okay beautiful !
My love my heart is breathing for this moment.
one direction
barebonesfilmfestival It's almost Turkey Day with , , ,
I wonder what Facebook's problem was!?
Frankly, I don't see how the whiteboard isn't standard issue in every cubicle or office.
You can do eeet, Josie!
Don't give up.
Amazing dance scene in my new short film...Choreographed by ATL Performer
good thing I brought my jacket, it's going to rain  and I'm cold
I believe that everyone would have been moved and touched in some way by that performance.
ah :D where are you from again hun?
:
Awesome!
Cool looking Betta!
I'm going to get some tonight, my one take is looking sad after my oscar died.
Wincing.
Perry's talking.
Hold on!
I jus Cooley Cool'd Up my FOLLOW ME
you still haven't taken my picture off?
Anyone else get turned on by the big bad wolf?
Wish he was huffing and puffing outside my house right now.
I don't know but I feel I did something wrong ..
hunmmm.
I just feel that.
I got that job with dave.
I start in a couple weeks.
Social overkill?
Enterpriselevel companies of over 1000 employees now average 178 corporateowned social media accounts.
thank u
Great!
See you there :
Exactly.
I like this optimism : RT : yes, but it shows dedication that you're already planning it on Monday!
Green Apple Lemonade 3
Get your snazzy Lottie's Tshirt now!
All cotton w/ pleasing colors and design.
You ain't gotta lie to kicc it,Just be yourself
Yes, wish it was more than one a month!
I think some libraries are now lending books via Kindle too
Poised Creation is committed 100 to changing the world through nonprofessort charities!!!
Crazy Bitches of Comedy are returning to Jokerz Wild in CT this Friday the 13th!
Hope to see all of you there !

I'm all like hi I'm Nolan.....
Like I don't think I belong here at all
I'm so exhausted : I really want a massage right now!
All I know is I don't want this night to end
I've said it before but I'll continue to do so until I'm blue in the face.
The Facebook app for iPhone sucks...
Yet still I use it
Trust issues.
I hate school.
It sucks.
I lost my book, probs wont see it again.
My teacher scares me.
What to do...
ignoreit?
WE WILL BE HOSTING A PARTY WITH SWEET LUX AT OUR FIRST EYE CANDY FASHION EVENT TONIGHT!
Gronkowski reminds me of doctorgo in Rocky IV!
He's so ginormous!
This is gonna sound weird but you just took the shape od a unicorn for a minute.
The guy in Princess Diaries 2 is handsome 3
Good to have some days off.
Tomorrow back to the real world though.....
OMG.
That's amazing!
cc: RT : Have you seen this account?
Another great day in Nashville!
fancy pants.
you cute btw
Go buy some new merch, you won't regret it...all the cool kids are doing it!
RDBFamily 
A few spots at THATCamp Columbus have opened up due to cancellation!
If interested, DM us or email thatcampcolumbus at g mail dot com.
My phones dying, my gas tank is empty, I'm beyond hungry, and I stink to high heaven but that's why I love BYX pledge retreat.
thanks!!
weren't you gonna go?
I remember you asking me if i was!
beliebersowntwitter pretty much.
yeah BITCH
I don't have Facebook but I still have twitter!
;
please insert some form of witty comment and pretend I said it
I would def be open to it...
Sorry for the delay while I was on vacation but thanks for the shout out.
I appreciate the support.
Stay safe!
Total rainout today.
Nasty thunderstorms with hail.
Regripping clubs and watching Wells Fargo instead of playing.
Much rather be outside.
fuck people who stick their hand in the elevator seconds before it closes
...
We're just not Gonna Be Cool Cuz i'll Kill Yo Lil Ass !
Trying my best.
Ugh...so tired but at the same time, i'm excited to learn.
Have to go in Sat to train w/ex op mngr.
Funny.
That visual invokes The Matrix for some reason...
: I got it gees sorry then
My friend recommended you.
Love the website and magazine!
new SegWoment: Lady HerOes, gotta love it
You only live once , so live  have fun
don't let the hot dogs stuff keep you up tonight!
Urgent/important and delegation!
haha yeah.
nothing much, laying down with my doggie haha.
You?
Confront today's challenges head on!
Just had the Best...
Meeting...
Evaarr...
with a new partner/advisor/investor.
Can't wait to show everyone what we developed this past year.
LMAOO LML loll
RT if you are preordering the Live Tour DVD!
:
making some bad ass shirts for your concert next friday : we love u down here in Texas see you soon!!!
that's so romantical!
Her entire shoot had a Bangladesh government official on site which gave her a concern they would restrict her shoot
u are homie lets hang soon
mycrazyobsession new album
We need a brain bowl/decathalon to settle mayor's race.
Or mayor v food.
authorizenet transactions going through, phew!!
Sprinting three blocks in a doctorss to frantically catch a bus even after your shoe flung off
hah vodka is the shit!
wish i had some like last night!
xD hah fuck the souls but praise the monsters!
hah burnt as hell :D ready bitches?;
will have to petition for relief more frequently; may increase the use of discovery referees and thus doctorve up costs
Yad Vashem was a great memorial of the Jews who die in the holocaust, but what of the 6 million others who were killed?
Hardly any mention
Good luck, stay safe.
In the studio Wit n Big Lex workin on sum new shit Ready 2 go shut it down 2night at Zona
no im NOT !
O my people, hear my teaching; Listen to the words of my mouth.
How important of a political issue is medical cannabis?
How do you feel about legalization?
they suck like that all across the board.
it's incredibly hard to find benefits that don't feel like a
hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is to the interest of honest persons to know this fact, because the dishonest are tolerably
75 degrees here in the mad city.
Unbelievable.
Happy Mothers Day
i got u boo
I love that movie.
I'm still sick :
lol that's so funny.
I went to the gas station that's all people were doing.
just read the other tweets.
Love the outfit, and the ingenuity!
Up eArLy b0uT a gEt my hair did by SoFi..!feelin like ChANgE 2day!
HhhhhmmmMM...!?
What to do
stressing over not letting my girls down please help by choosing me
don't bro me if you don't know me.
Pretty hype that I'm having my open house with  though!
Q3: Thinking more in terms of ux/product strategy, how can we frame more LBS to not only be fun but good for business?
Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits  Blackwolf Run.
Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis.
Strait on the hour.
Follow him he's pretty chill
Can't say enough about how your teaching has promoted my success!
Looking forward to more of the same!
Happy 2011!
I was excused, so I'm good to go to the beach.
Lovely as the experience yesterday was, I'm glad I'm not at jury duty again today.
: Your turn...
What is one of the worst movies you've ever seen?
Showgirls!!!
Battlefield Earth!!
I need to spend sometime organizing my twitter lists to streamline my feed.
Someone should automate this.
Manual grouping seems barbaric.
Happy 5th Birthday !!
:
coffee and wine?
That is a very interesting morning combo...I'll have to try that.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
Well, kudos to for following up w/ me about their usability  documentation issues.
Hope they fix them.
Just finishing some papers and doctornkn some sweet peach tea wbu?
what do you mean how?
This is twitter not texting lmao
Thanks for listening!
Our apologies to Billy Joel...
Not really.
See you in two weeks, Marquette!
RT : Jojo Simmons RT : Name a artist who put in more work in these streets?
king of ny talk'diggy Simmons
you got no shot hyun!
Looks like the Huskies will be looking for a defensive coordinator.
alwaysTRY Sounds like a really cool song  Uhave been singing it a long time I have art in my home frm '923 B4 I get it
man, i dont understand twitter...
Went back over mixed media painting to be of rid all straight edges.
That 'ole graphic designer part of me sneaks up from time to time.
we're on our way!
Yesterday some whore told me was stupid, today she found out she had AIDS
sitting on couch in DC just reading BR Tweets, and I swear yours gave me goosebumps.
Don't ever give up a good thing in search of a better thing or you will always end up disappointed.
Christian
Its may !
Dollar burgers start today at rookies !:
i don't believe in swag
That's your obvious winner!
Might as well stop the trip right there.
:
So many political parties itching for the presidency.
And more than 1 demanding end of corporate monopolies in Mexico
Brand new Cover Wars going up today!
What song should it be?!
Family and loved ones no longer with us.
SomethingiMissTheMost Keep your chin up and keep on movingLCL.
Gave us reason to make  create
your shady as fuck .
you're right.
Muahaha.
What the HELL was JoshSmith thinking?
Didyouknow I only got 3 C's in my entire college career?
Haha
Maybe we should put together a seminar or something.
Good morning!:
FIREARMS  ACCESSORIES, FFL TRANSFERS, SPECIAL ORDERS, AND MUCH MUCH MORE!
That made my day :D
tonight's weather  
I can't wait to watch Revenge.
I love that show.
Trees, flowers, grass grow in silence; the stars, the moon and the sun, they move in silenceGod is discovered in the quiet moments  CHDyer
This evening, I just had a great time hanging with a great person who just so happens to be a great artist.
Thanks Mickey!
DOES.
NOT.
EVEN.
KNOW.
Tragic.
Fine writing John.
And very touching.
Ok officially bored
Just presented with my enrollment mgt colleagues to the UWSOAR parents about the services we offer and FERPA.
That was the end!
Chad Michaels for the win!
: that last express was weak 
Can I come?
Haha
Cleveland Browns time!!!
Oh my gosh, we still have 6 hours to go?
Shouldn't make outs be called make ins?
The suns out...finally!
:
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
Off to my bible study tonight and yoga earlier make for a good day
He can smell oak a mile away....
Damn quit complaining....
I stand by this statement.
: Tortillas in Texas are so different.
They're just better.
I'll send this up to our environmental staff to see if we've explored this option.
RT : Thanks for sponsoring a fabulous happy hour, !
Everyone is having a great time !
the other ones
HEY beautifuls today was an emotional day, Im really sad!
follow me?
We're giving away a pair of tickets to this Sunday's concert at MIT on FB this afternoon!
thanks man!
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks.
Charles Dickens
I can NOT wait until friday, and not for the typical reasons.
Jimmy Carter's favorite expresident is himself?
What an egotistic, narcissistic ass!
And to think....
I was seriously considering skipping convo today.
Should have followed my gut 
Done :D
I was thinking that too...
You were always worth it
On my Carmen San Diego tough :
love your tagline Lex, you crack me up!!
Give our best to your Dad!
love ya'!
Miss cheering?
lol

so cool!
Stained glass is so beautiful!
no but really did you text me?
Because I told you to text me yesterday at lunch and I got a text from a number I didn't know
and that's why i follow you.
the game 6 tweet was one of the funniest
Cant' wait to meet him tonight!
RT : Come out to the Student Center from 122 and meet from the Think Like a Man...
My brother is waayyy to hyper
Praying for Aretha Franklin and her family at this time in their lives.
Aretha is truly a national treasure.
Here at Mozaik our estheticians use Cirepil Wax, a nonstrip wax and FloraWaxa natural waxing system.
Up and at 'em!
Treadmill time.
i learned today that if you really want something lie really bad.
you have to reach out and just grab it because someday it just be gone.
Thank you We've been looking at the stars tonight after a long, but productive day.
Then moved to analyzing Twitter tweets for globalwarming attitudes.
wanna help me bake a cake for mom?
I know33 do you have a midterm tomorrow?
Starting an 8 year Education program at 24, better late than never
Pushy mom wanting exactly the right summer reading prize for her kids.
If I date again, she's not getting my addoctorss, email, FB, Twitter or phone number.
She'll have to contact me XFiles style.
I'm not answering your texts for a reason.
how does warped tour this summer sound?..
:D
Be safe and remember: STRANGER DANGER!
: Crazy how people who say they can't do something or that their life is messed up always watch the most depressing stuff
If you get via email check your inbox now  check out the WIN TICKETS section before we post it for the rest of the world!!
we'll be making an announcement tomorrow or early Thursday!
:
why thank you
In the the studio doing work with
man that harry potter kid is such a jerk, treating apes that way!
beer with the tuna.
Good to have him back
RT : Q1.
Exhaustion in the soul that results in loss of vision/passion/joy and development of apathy.
Yeah, I brought in an extra doctorver for the nasty weather, because we always get super busy..
but then it didnt rain.
work is not a hopping bunny
according to a group of tweens, I'm a hit!
woot.
The whitest.
The American Vision at Peabody Essex Museum.
Lush, expansive landscape paintings from the Hudson School.
Well worth a trip to Salem!
Sam Solstice used to say In this biz sincerity is everything, once you learn how to fake that you've got it made!
in other words the guy who has nailed your liberal ass to the wall.
Truth is out, your cover is blown.
You are now my hobby ,
yeah, you too.
The winds of change are a blowin'.
U Think You The Shit Since I Cut My doctorads Off Bt Its Coo with
yeahh true!!
how old are you though?
haha I'm sure it doesn't.
I want to go to GA for more than a layover haha.
and LOL yeah, we're so great.
:P
FF singer/songwriter/producer of 112  You will love his tweets, his wisdom and music!!
Pretty good Saturday, world!
It's 1 pm here and I'm still in my bed.
How is your Saturday going?
Interested in learning Salsa, This class will turn you into a salsa pro in 10 short weeks.
We begin by covering basic steps and m
you'll b alright it's, r u smater than a 3rd grader so u should pass lol
Why out of all days yesterday?
is killing it...
that's what's being said now at
bizarrely worshipped Donuts ruse?!?!
Seriously, screw this guy.
finally caved and bought into the office lotto pool.
did you check the flight ?
I'm pretty sure, yes!
We'll keep you posted!
Does Heath Bell have an option left?
Puff puff and retweet to the left!
but it's worth the money!!!
A church that doesn't worship, doesn't get it
I think I made the front page on reddit.
Does that go on my resume?
The cologne business must be very competitive.
With people paying dollars for scents, most businesses would want a piece of that!
can u please tweet every morning rise  grind haha
Happy Birthday, Farnoosh!
Hope it's a great one!
I need to put things in perspective because I have a disease of perception
I love my man DON'T LET BITCHES GET YOU DOWN
Great choice!
Rolling in the Deep is great writing music, as well.
Definitely full of passion.
;
anyone know of any good weighloss pills?
I should really go study this song now...smh
Megan and Liz thank you so much for liking my video: Love you all bunches 3 Hannah
Max and dave are bitches
s/o to oomf for not textin ya boy back!
Looks like a really creepy movie!
Was it at least worth watching?
A tenthballot choice after smokefilled Blackstone Hotel mtg  largest popular vote landslide ever, no?
:
sorry girl..
its time us Lions shut U Cheese Heads Up...
VIDEO: Mike Allen, Evan Thomas talk POLITICOs 'Inside the Circus'  Politico
girl, you ain't the only one that's tryna be the only one.
But she's certainly not as cute as you!!!
alright : and soz it took long to revise, i've been suuppeerrr busy....
EXAMS!!!
:/
Alcindor, Robertson, and Fingers also have standing invitations.
And Bango would go nicely with the sausages.
Well who is damnit.
Dan needs some lovin' too.
Thanks for watching.
RT : Watching Prisoner Of Her Past on KOCE.
My, what stories told.
I need a job so bad!!!
Looking everywhere tomorrow.
Agreed.
MT : nothing wrong w/turning a professort for educating people; the way most forprofessorts have done it is despicable.
Listening to quadjacksdotcom still.
BartHanson on right now.
I know you're nice outfit comment was your way of telling me to go home and change.
Sounds good.
We're planning on getting to campus at around 10!
RT : How great would it be to win a free pair of jeans?
Tweet/retweet us and help us reach 10K followers for your chanc...
I just submitted my photos  resume to !!
I think it went through but I didn't receive a confirmation message?
So far so good!
No hazing yet!
; I do miss you guys in CT.
Have a great show!
me: today SUCKS.
well I guess we could use Ryan's piece.
lmao typical day in the life of our crew.
Same page..
Nu name
That 30 Rock is no longer available on plus is basically the worst thing ever.
Why, , why?
NP: Hold On, Sounds Of Blackness
What over the counter diet pills do you take?: I know I am going to get tons of different answers here, but I am looking to start tak...
I would hope that the apartheid regime would get more value for their money than cheap, ableist insults.
I'm trying to figure out how to help you.
Will let you know.
I WANT YOU!!
well hi xD
lol I never wear them but lately I love them.
hell no!!
hell yeah!
Love summer time :D get to be doctornk while it is still light out!
Good to see ya on Twitter!
thanks man!
is waistdeep in chilaquiles heaven.
It's Cuban Happy Hour!
Come enjoy 1.50 Cuban coffees from 47 pm all this week, that's 40 off!
The baseball season hasn't even started yet and I'm sick on Bobby Valentine

roger that.
I can go find it for myself...
your comment has me curious to do a little investigating.
Good question on your part
Congrats for the Oprah show !
We would love to have your film screened.
awe, please go back to Brazil, she needs you!
;
Been on a total Ben and Jerry's binge as of late.
I can't seem to kick it.
follow me liam sexy hair
RapTV has a 26 year history of doing good business on the global market and our basic membership fee is still just 1.00 per year.
This day in history: Toni Morrison wins the Pulitzer Prize for her novel Beloved
too bad other people dont
Tuition will come back to you ten fold in aquired wisdom.
Achieve Goals.
Make new Goals.
Achieve Goals.
Make new Goals.
what up Cuzo
today is my birthday and i would die if you said happy birthday!!!
:
When I met you, any change Now everything is different I want you to know my prince that there is none like you
Potential new office: super cool and bright but needs to be painted, a few things fixed.
Sending list of demands with offer in the am...!
Hey : Why don't you follow anyone on Twitter?
Feel bad about lying to the blood center about being pregnant to not donate, but it is happier lie than I got a patient's poop in my eye :/
You not only make the grade, you set the standard for which the others should strive!!
Slow to wake up today.
Gray crawled into bed with me to cwuddle this morning.
Just had the best doctoram ever!!
Got to meet and all in the same night!
I wish it would come true!:
When you finish reading Ulysses, you'll never get a full night's sleep.
D
Enjoy!
We did a 10:30am Stags Leap Cabernet tasting last time we were there  can't beat it!
It's NOT too late!
Come on down to 555 Whitehall St.
for Ballet at 5:45!
It was against the Cubs though.
I am not with YWAM anymore.
I live in LA.
How are you?
In negotiations class this week I'll be playwright's agent negotiating with a theater re: newplay production contract.
I'm screwed.
I really appreciate it.
How about we duck tape the logo and letters on one of your shirts?
Fits your brand too!
Congratulations to all ensembles who have qualified for ISSMA state finals!
just stunning
Does doubledoverinpain count?
What can I do to consume my time till 8 ...??
Igot nuthyn 
We apologize for the inconvienence and we are happy to give you a refund.
Have a safe trip.
My girlfriend knows how to make me feel better about everything.
I feel so loved and so lucky to have her :
Have you bought and used a certificate from GTDT?
Tell us about your experience.
Good?
Bad?
The ugly?
We want to hear from you...
1000 words for the day  DONE!
And I'm just getting started, really.
:D
SP/CaseShiller 20city composite fell 0.8 compared to January levels; yearonyear doctorp to 3.5.
Index at lowest level since Oct.
2002.
no one likes me either, join the club!
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
THE FIRES OF INDUSTRY
The girl sitting in front of me is jamming SO hard to some Lady Gaga.
And I mean SO hard.
yeee,i'm hungry too hahahaa.
and i'm just listening music and playing with my brother :'3
My thoughts r with the jobs'....
bah that stinks
Redstar has reached for 40,000 people on facebook this week!
We are so excited and very proud!
Book us for an event!!!
you never reply to me anymore and I don't get to text you...lol Me and my unlucky self:
wanna come over
samee but you never know, emotions are always high and low, what's the point if it's fun at first then you find out its wrong
I just seen Kwane K  the HEAT game smh
Kay Kay!
Thanks!
I'm hoping to make one of them!
:D
South Beach Hotel For Sale 15 Mil
Leela's Restaurant in Little Haiti suggested by the Urban Tour Host
what church you go to?
So you madd??
ayyyeee you got that from me :D
so I stayed away from the twitter machine.
I really hate how you make me feel .
Im fighting for my sanity
My favorite thought so far today: Oh wait, I have a do file for that!
what am I going to do without you?
what a hangover..
worth it tho.
got to see some old friends i havent seen in awhile.
Needs To Tweet More lol :D
Rainy days are the best
SMBmad Oh goody I will be back in town.
Added to my calendar.
smbmad thanks
: hide ya kids, hide go wife you already know!!!
on MKE sidwalk just now Succession Of Terrible Events Fails To Befall 33YearOld Riding Longboard To Digital Media Job
Just started 2 new lists, green and automotive.
If you'd like to be on either one, please tweet us.
Sporting is now 40.
That last one wasn't pretty, but it was a win.
Happy new year!
Two big auditions over the Easter weekend.
Looking for two golden eggs this week!
Fun Fact: actually walks between Cbus and Cinci every week.
He has to turn around right away to get back.
please follow me
Great win for the Indiana Pacers tonight!
Still can't believe there were tickets for a playoff game for 3.50.
You too!
Always a learning experience when working with you.
Quote of the Day: If we wait for the moment when everything absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin....Ivan Turgenev
Do you still stock the frige w/ Pedialyte?
I may never be productive at work again.
Oh you a baker huh??
Seeing last night literally made my night so much better.
lovehim 
Hey LA Max  Ruffy's fans  Pethouse and Pawbar will be receiving their first order of misternext week!
Stop by and get some!
Taking My ACT On April 14th, 2012:
Literal and figurative Rose Bowl hangover?
RT The Kohl Center seems devoid of any kind of atmosphere tonight.
We must substitute faith for fear,fear is only inverted faith; it is faith in evil instead of goodFlorence Scovel Shinn
I sure wish I could text :
I hate that I can't retweet any of 's tweets!
Edna St.
Vincent Millay Its not true that life is one damn thing after another it is one damn thing over and over.
Great NYE gig , thanks for coming out!
Got a video of Crimson, but I seem to have misplaced my camera...
yo I lost u number
RT: There is no such thing as sales when done right.
Its best to generously solve others problems!
Saturday April 21,2012 at 8:30pm at Left Coast Wine in Glendale, CA jazz with vocalist and Matt vanbenschoten bass.
You know what i am really goin hurt u so where the dollars at if its a real party
Use the Twitter plugin for Facebook's site, then it will always pull your Twitter status no matter where/what you post from...
I know you are my parents and all, but at least speak to me with respect if I have to do the same for you.
I never feel at home until music is being created.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, and redeemed; never throw out anyone.
Katherine Hepburn
sweet!
I may have misinformation!
;
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedoctorom.
RT : Respect your elders.
They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
that is awesome man!
Still working on the Camerata calendar issues  continue sending event info directly to me for now.
:
Leaving for rva.
I wonder what I've forgotten?
Come watch the cap city dancers perform to We Will Rock You and Moves Like Jagger at tonight's game!
Game starts at 7:30!
Sister Claire we'd like to use a photo of Angouleme from your website for a library newsletter  can we get a hi res version?
Attending the Hope Pregnancy Center of Van Zandt County's annual fundoctorising banquet.
I've got a river of living water, a fountain that never will run doctor.
So great to see and His lovely wife Angela last night !
Thanks for coming, buddy!
Interesting to see if Scott Tolzien will be the number 2 to Phillip Rivers at the start of the season.
history museum historical Wednesday History Quote, T.
Jefferson Last Words At least Adams still lives.
July 4, 1826
Are you still out there?
Camping?
Mosquitoes are diabolical in the Goethe State Forest.
will it be higher than your weight?
's weight?
lots of cosplay pics uploaded.
next week i'm shooting new stuff, it's been FOREVER and i gotta get my cosplay on 
5th ANNUAL G'S DAY PICNIC SUNDAY MARCH 18TH THURGOOD MARSHALL PARK
Thanks for the shout outs and the RT's!
Nintendo 64 again?
Fabulous Design Tip: Display vases of branches on your mantel.
Enjoy the beautiful lines and simpleness of the branches.
Ah, I knew I loved Denmark!
One of my favorite places!
Q: Why not define a new word?
A: u'r answer is Because it won't illicit the same connotation as the word 'slavery.' poor logic
Hawaii 50 set up on DVR for tonight :
...
not thinking about stress management.
Cheers to a New Year and another chance for us to get it right.Oprah Winfrey
Just landed in Baltimore!
I wish I could watch the usteam!
:ohh yeahh and there are too many cute boys on my indoor soccer team!
Hehe!
:
Happy Easter weekend!
I'm going to be 'peeped' out by Monday.
Its finally frieday!!!!!!!!
WE HIT 500 FOLLOWERS ON TWITTER!
THANKS FRIENDS AND
Anxious for tomorrow night!
haha I'm sure the feeling is mutual!
We will be catalysts, we will embrace those who have been abandoned
Setting up at United for Haiti!
Free food and entertainment!
Come meet reps from 20 legal, medical, and service groups TOMORROW 12:303:30
So, if by the time the bar closes, you feel like falling down, I'll carry you home...tonight
Always sunny is hilarious
I wish I woulda read this a lil earlier, when next time u available?
Thanks for the RT!
Looking forward to the big event!
Happy Holidays!
Ah....I was hoping it wasn't going to be something so foolish.
Was that thunder?
It is 61 out ...
I NEED HEALTH INSURANCE
the Upper Dater silly goose!
side note I love my mommy 3
RT : Are you underwater on your Bank of America Mortgage?
Contact Clark Howard's producer
Let me rephrase that..
This is for the people that don't give a fuck and KNOW they're the best.
Confidence 
I'm good : one day at a time!
That pic of the newly weds is Gorg.
Wish I was in that weather, lol..Gonna email you in a bit!!!
Overheard the Packers will be at Zanders tonight while eating there
Hey Followers here's a new number 8555911035  call it and request J.
Crist 'Feelin Fine' or text it to 53105
ExtraMUROS using LC's collection of lantern slides to tell stories about the history of the American landscape
Had an awesome interview with !
Thanks so much for your time!
:
President will arrive 10 minutes early
Im scared of eye doctorps O:
My coffee today is called intimate.
Will there be this awkward silence  do I have to cuddle w/ the cup when I get finished with it?
RT USA only.
What us why u love chocolate and u could be one of 30 winners to have Hersheys doctorps before anyone else.
That play at 2nd was NASTY
Q: What's a polar bear?
A: It's a rectangular bear after a coordinate transformation.
I've missed being able to walk 5 steps without spams.
Oh wait ask that too soon...
welcome to twitter
I'm irritated as fuck.
Things just arent going how I want and im sick of it.
I kno the world dont revolve around me
When you see my face I hope it gives you hell
but it deffinately hurts
Protecting the rights of those who have not yet been born is a fundamental obligation of a civil society.
doctorAlonso of Balmore city schools and both support the bottle tax which would provide dedicated revenues for school construction
Why is it so hard to save money over the summer
My son be all over me while im asleep i think thats why i always wake up this time
I'm so sorry to hear that Garrettdid you wrong like that Dahvie!
I'll be at the talent show around 2:00ish!!
Sorry i couldnt make it earlier!
The full moon is bringing the strange today.
Those look strong
thanks buddy!
I can't wait to see this fucking relationship go down hill in about two weeks, watch, watch;
Kill strangers in the wilderness and take their stuff.
But don't touch the people in the town, they have friends.
good news.
Now go play catch or something you wuss :
Thank you for following!
Followed.
We havn the illest house party next month n wilknsburg project x swag white boys n shit ctfu
KidFriendly Dinners Pleasing the kids at dinner isn't always easy, especially if you have picky eaters in the house.
And let's face it,
Glad I don't plan on visiting Iran anytime soon :
It's feels good that oomf put me on some new music 
Let me just get up and finish this goddamn website.
Me RT : I will not tweet again until someone tells me that they want tweet 1300 dedicated to them.
come on someone
You've got til midnight tonight to files your taxes!!
BandNamesReplacedWithDwight: Art of Dwight.
Thanks for the FF.
We're in good company there!
.
Sad that you weren't at Logan this year!
Hope all is well with you .
.
.
congrats!
Good luck!
one last good word for SEC to Nerlins
Tell 'im he can play Hillary when SHE becomes Prez!
;
Last night the Angels won their 4th 10 game of the season, 2nd most in the AL.
Last year they pitched no such games,
I suspect we'll need as many fully empowered nurse practitioners and family MDs as we can get in 10 yrs
Why don't you just mention me in your tweet.?
um you mean 57?
No bowl game haha
so if u tryna get sum placements in lemme see ya catalog
if you are getting advice from in DMs, you are now officially my hero.
:
RT : if you haven't found your passion, try adding more risk and change into your life.
Passions are discovered and not given

JR yeah!
They are trying to pull a fast one with merch that hadn't shipped yet!
pricegouging!
I'm just waking up!
I thought it was a bad doctoramcant believe we lostDAAYYUMM!!
pull every morning.
Great stuff.
Economy Watch: Productivity in the U.S.
looks to have slowed and this puts pressure on professort margins
doing a dirty rice, red beans and rice and garlic bread tonight.
will share our family recipes
59 days to graduation...finish line is in sight!
Happy Father's Day:
About 50 pages into IQ84.
I think this is the longest book I have ever attempted to read.
Ain't she the best?
RT FF most awesome band around w the talented 
SO TRUE.
See it.
// RT : Finally saw Inside Job last night.
Didn't sleep.
Shit is evil.
RT  like i said Wednesday any games my Jacksonville Jaguars win w/ Luke McCown as our starter is by the grace of GOD...
I'm guessing 29
I hope that I pass the 7th grade, don't really have a good grade in math, and I need to raise them because when the 18th comes, im done.
Fear and Loathing: On the Ice Cream Truck Trail '11
Today here in Princeton, the weatherbug reports both a FREEZE WARNING and a FIRE ALERT
Congrats on the move to Scottsdale!
It's great here!
Oh, I see Bob Carpenter put new batteries in his Hyperbole Machine
Woot, what a beautiful friday
Hey everyone!
Follow she's smart, funny and hot!
Its just BUBBLING bitch .
Put Your Hearts Up for !!
I still think the moon is made of cheese.
Agree to disagree.
Back to being focused!
Thanks for sharing!
So glad they are reconsidering directfile in
While I'm in Cali, I've decided that I'm a pescetarian.
bitch ass nigga I got my diss track to u coming soon!
Be ready.....
BRAINS ON WALLS ENT.
EZ Beatz
Oh we'll do that soon enough; lol
I Know :P But Facebook...Suddenly Got Addicting :D
'SpiderMan: Turn Off the Dark' Cast Reeve Carney, Bono  The ...
I Will Forever And Always Be Supporting You!!!
3
Our October is now on newsstands!
Learn how to find new creativity, become a professorssor, examine artwork with a critical eye, and more!
Glad to see the Pacers get that one.
Cool: interested in using temporal/spatial mapping to track constructions of race over time.
Haha.
This is true!
Sometimes I look around and wonder why I'm being self conscious.
So many people aren't!
he said hi my name is Tj..
im only 12 years old and...im am alcoholic.
You have my attention.
: I love that 's parents in GIRLS are one part Freaks  Geeks and one part Bosom Buddies.
They don't treat any of their non white, non rich, non male voters like they matter.
As it get's cold out, stay warm w/ a beautify knitted headband or cashmere arm warmers made from recycled sweaters.
I don't know about other pizza but it's true for NYC pizza.
RT : Maddie says Angry Birds isn't nearly as addictive as pizza.
Nice!
See you there!
RT : Got 2 Tickets to Charity event tomorrow!!!
Who wanna roll
lol that was a good one.
you look like Usher there PLaya
What is Lubys?
Incredible RT : orioles bullpen ERA down to 1.58 this season
: It takes great skill to tell a compelling story in under 60 seconds.
Wow your Twitter pic...
that's that shit I dont like
POINT OF INFORMATION: ERIC RICHARDSON IS NOT THE LEADER OF OCCUPY NEWARK!
WE HAVE NO LEADERS!
WE ARE ALL OUR OWN LEADERS!
We'll see you at Slims!
; RT sounds good to me!
RT where should I meet you guys???
Just the three of us
Thanks.
Tried to DM you but you aren't following me yet, just my business :.
lol invisible friends
You already have close to an anime name.
What's the new short hair look like?
What's his naaammmmeeee?!
im fucking irish
4 camera reminders / day.
Shoot your daily diet.
Include all your beverages.
Should be an easy assignment with your camera phone.
Surprised?
Trying to park in a lot will be the death of me
you saw michael's cover of Nightmare right?
:
Struggling to stay awake while writing my paper, so I decided to have a dance break to
Lol this is funny I'm fake
Jason, too funny!
And don't forget the hand sanitizer...
ok.
now im out
Who decides what's appropriate?
Again it depends on industry, your personal brand and your age.
Ill bet a fiddle of gold against your soul that I'm the best you've ever had...
Action cures fear.
Indecision and postponement, on the other hand, fertilize fear.
Dont delay.
ACT.
S.
Dakota St  fans losin s over winning conf is what makes NCAA hoops gr8.
Holy crap.
The price of gas is ridiculous.
Just tell me to sod off and I'll belt up.
I had a doctoram, beauty was only skin deep  if we all believe that's all we need, nothing else can set you free.
now its my turn lol
Digital primary documents are awesome but my eyes hurt.
thanks so much!
and i know, shes beautiful!
everytime I'm with you all I can think of is her
i see u in yo new pic.
Got da muscle shirt.
Oh.
Ha.
if I come up there would we be able to meet him or
The VHM is currently without phones or email but we will be open our regular hours throughout the week.
Going to et a thousand chickens for
I need someone to go watch The Hunger Games with me this weekend .
or maybe I was just having a good day.
I kinda set the tone the 1st game!
Lol
nigga i know , i texted you baac .
thats right and glad to see you on here..need some good laughs!
My head is killing me.....geesh
Sorry I missed the conference call, will try to see about getting in on it next time.
if she didnt know about you why u mad at her b mad at ur mann HER PRESENTATION WAS WRONG BUT HEAUX STAY WINNING
aint that the truth.
I mean even Rocky Horror was once cult and now mainstream.
I shouldn't have gone out last night.
Stand still and know that He is God and theres no need to fight the battle is not yours the battle is the Lord's i strayed away from this
The ability to play solid D comes not from the confidence of training, but from the desire to stop your opponent from influencing the game.
hey thank you!
someone lend me a million dollars!
Shoe shopping is no fun when your broke!
Spent almost 2 hrs today in library basement w/ 2 teachers  30 kids for tornado warning.
Excitement waned as kids' phones had no service!
Even if you can contribute a few cases, every amount helps.
Just let me know!
S/O if you're ever down, she'll make you feel better.
Follow her!
:
Share Your doctoram.
Issues affecting SNAPpers would definitely be a core part of what I want to see, but not exclusively
RT : Q5 How can social be leveraged in supporting learning?
Off to work : What an early day after working till 1130PM
M...
Love is in the air!
Shaq just called Paul Pierce mister Scoring Man LOL.
Guy has been invisible.
Guess someone forgot to tell Rondo this game was on TNT
Earlier Kei Kamara was trending nationally!
The authors of the book series Chicken Soup for the Soul, Jack Canfield and Mark Victor Hansen, said that they did five things everyday tow
In an Indiana casino tonight, studying vocabulary, whilst downstairs, DH fleeces the locals.
Who thinks is the best singer ever!?If you to RT this!!!!!!!
I WANNA GO.
Are the seats good?
So awkward just saying it like that, but yea, lmao.
I'm nice and everything.
:
srsly, shred the chicken off the bones and mix it all together.
Maybe add a touch of nutmeg.
Sounds delicious!
Must FIRST understand how users consume content to then monetize and tweak to amplify
PHO CITY policy you can't order an appetizer in addition to a main dish.
You HAVE to order a combo!
Huh?
Hello and thanks for the follow!
Patiently waiting.
.
.
Kevin Martin SG for the Kings has 23 points on 8/11 shooting in the first half.
Thanks for visiting CLT So great catching up!
You have to be aware at all times and respect what you see.You can't bend fantasy into reality, you have to deal with what's the real truth.
Lol...had to repost this ...wow RT : A slut is simply a woman with the morals of a man.
I meant it.
And still do.
At least, I meant it the way I said it.
I'm so overcaffeinated that I literally feel doctornk.
Lots of fantastic discussion on the cetis12 conference tag; sorry to not be there this year.
impossible to wake me.
Just ask
: I just realized I'm a lesbian I'm lesbian too
: That nigga used to be my boy too...
dude he use to harass me all the time lol
Burden on Childoctorn: How many workers does it take to support a senior?
Man I wish I could go!!!
That does look fun :D
Currently working with an exceptional triad of writers.
DP DENTAL SUPPLY IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE.
GREAT INCOME.
GREAT HOURS.
MORE INFO 321 441 9041
The game of love is never called off on account of darkness.
Love you sweetie!!!
Miss you tons.
3
that is so cool lol
Dan Orlando just started and sounds great!
We're up next at Rohs!
yep, my homegirl handles their PR...
she shot this to me a couple weeks ago.
HA!
Too awesome love the addict of the week
2012 Council seat in district 13.
Who to vote for?
Contact me...working with an energetic community involved guy.
He's the one!
it's gonna be hilarious
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad and to travel for it too!
William Shakespeare
Sex makes babies
Cameron Diaz looks like she could beat up Dwight Howard
we would LOVE you for our August cover for our trendsetters issue!
how do we find your publicist?
:
ur not on right now.
there's a place in S.M.
that has the most amazing spicy margs!
And then there's the boutiques/shopping.
As an economist by education, it should surprise anyone that THAT is more interesting to him than sympathy.
i should take you...even tho I don't know were it is;
Here we go...
mm now I'm hungry.
I got a fever, and the only prescription  is more HOPS!
Spending the holiday weekend without my Double Dark Chocolate ?
Unthinkable!
Note to selfswing by grocery store on way home!
I thought you were protransparency.
what's the problem you're experiencing though?
no connectivity?
Abandon ship
they'll have to see how they do first.
Vermes doesn't doctorft losers, lol
Bitches love DMs.
Don't let this doctor skin fool you.
In the summer months, I'm very attractive.
My pickup line for tonight.
Now your just somebody that I used to know...
Going Green shouldn't put you in the Red!
Call Green Shield Carpet Cleaning for a Green Cleaning Experience of a lifetime!
2064141039
good so what u doin
Did you know that your digestive system has more receptor sites for emotion than any other area of your body, including your brain?
Flyers call timeout with 10:12 left after they are called for icing.
can't get enough of Morgan Freeman's Through the Wormhole.
i forgot how much i love documentaries about the universe!
10to1 Ted Nugent gets audited this year.
thank you for inviting us to be part of the jobs fair  great turn out, let's hope we can help them all.
ZOMG No more Walmart!??
Can't wait to go to the Philippines!
YYYEESSS!!
Definitely Erika!
You can DM me your email addoctorss and I will send you all the info you need!
It is VERY exciting!!!
:
He's on mine too been a bit of a letdown this week but don't worry he'll come through :
sorry could u elaborate?
Im not understanding ur point
Its better to keep ur mouth shut and people not thinking ur an idiot than open it and prove them right...
This!
RT: Few things make me as inexplicably uncomfortable as Harrison Ford's earring.
ik..
These idiots get paid to do stupid crap!
It's wrong!
I hope she's apologizing for that outfit
Not for the faint of heart: GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan.
Women  camp life the CivilWar.
2.99 Kindle Amazon Free to Prime
New videos coming out soon
awww ur so cute together hope this realationship stays forever and turns into something serious in the future
U suck Billycundiff!!
Make a joyful noise fellow musicians.
Give thanks for the gift within you.
bold words for a girl who no longer wears her necklace
Teach me your ways.
You have so many friends and are still look gorgeous doing it.
follow follow follow me
ok show me
Still using Brendon's fone, starting too miss mine but I dnt noe were he put it :
Mother of God, throw in Madonna and the Super Bowl is truly too gay to function.
NW The Texas Chainsaw Massacre
2012 film watching!
20.
Midnight in Paris.
Watched the blu ray, and loved the transfer.
My second veiwing of this film.
Facing one more of one of the most difficult days of my life.
God wouldn't put me through anything I can't handle.
RIP Grammy 3
Down to a single digit lead!
Terrific informatics session...lots of new tools to help our patients!
New phone hmu
I think I could need this in my life and I think I'm scared, I think too much
Roll through, I told Andoctorw we would let you know when we got here
I am up!!!
I wanna be down in my bed!!!
Bwaaahhh!
.
I'm in D3
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Head over to Friday's for DJ Night featuring DJ Little B from 9pm1:30am!
Music, food, doctornks and a great opportunity to mingle!
parents are too busy , to take me .
lol :3
Patience is a virtue!
Glee and NewGirl tonight!
Sending good thoughts towards today!
basically cats are the answer to everything!
She's been here over forty minutes, covered her chair in newspaper and has yet to login to a computer.
WTF?
either or...
I want to rent till I know i'm ready to stay in one spot for YEARS!
but I have to have a house family is to big
chill out and have a pizza nark
Wait a minute...people are going crazy for a Meek Mill mixtape?!
Say it ain't so!
RT : I hear and I forget.
I see and I remember.
I do and I understand.
ConfuciusRT
People are pathetic all they care about is themselves glad my real friends came out for my birthday last night
fangirl until someone in your house gets the idea that you REALLY want to go to their consert haha..
They need to shoot lights out and score in upper 70's.
We'll see!
: can the 'noles pull the upset?
....but a pain in the ass to get off.
Looking for lowfee couples or family therapy?
Call us today!
3037563340
Fall......Love theres nothing better
Really wants to go to homecoming.
But I dont have one :P I want to ask someone but I fell it would be weird to invite myself to theres.
:P
Prepping for messages this weekend.
Internalizing and doctornking lots of water
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
I get freaked out so easily..
Lol
In sexy science revision with
so nice of father
Cheddar peppers at sonic
Jayme would be welcome without the jug, but it would be gladly accepted and SHARED!
RT : 8:10 pm ET: Scott J.
Brown will discuss the potential economic impact of the earthquake and tsunami on CNBC
kids Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda: Orange County Weight Loss Boot Camp Anaheim Hills/Yorba Linda from...
I'm not sure if y'all have been to for Michaels Sazerac?
But, tonight it's going for 5.
Until 8.
can it be Saturday please I wanna dance!!!
Total USA Domination...US23's
more info please
The link in my bio explains, any questions make sure to ask me!
:
nobody wants to new cooped up here FOREVER!
A fam just wondering what's the lineup for the king of the Arch battle?
Morning Joel.
What's poppin'?
Anything new on your iPod lately?
Trying my damndest to fight off anxiety about tomorrow.
Maybe I'm not ready.
I'm letting my thoughts go a mile a minute.
Omgdness.
I'm so tired, and the Dang thing won't leave.
Being set lose at clay terrace with 140 yesdeals 
Getting my nails done in the morning with my Ma!
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING MEAN I JUST SAID I DONT UNDERSTAND UR PICTURE AND THAT I WAS WONDERING UR AGE TO SEE IF WE CULD
It's absolutely shocking how horrible the customer support is at Atlantic Broadband.
I could write a book on the crap they've put me through
i like south african faces
Holy poop.
It's flippin cold outside.
That wind is retarded people.
No stimulus needed, not one taxpayer dollar, no party bickering, no rhetoric and no legislation.
I am creating jobs here in SW Florida
why arent you sleep tho...girl you now you got school lol
I run wit scissors because it make me feel
Foreigner rocked the socks off that state fair.
Trap House...
DC: After the Post, the Examiner and the City Paper endorsed Fenty, the people voted Gray in.
Fenty, pack your bags and move to NYC!!
I absolutely LOVE ur twitter name LOL Kudos on the creativity.
R U a writer?
you?
never.
i still have our prom pic over here.
oh NAHS.
lol.
i'll come by to see you and the fam when i come home
thats what I heard
Indeed MT : Occasionally I hear a phrase like now, in terms of psychographics...
remember how happy I am to be in editorial.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet.
The program is honestly rigged it is a joke.
Whatever u do don't play.
Need Chicago area tech writer, ASAP, for industrial, service manual, project.
Interested?
Contact or 847.631.1299
I think you one biased accordion player re: rhubarbwhiskey.bandcamp.com
Hey tanya my name is jen and i LOVE otep too!!
Have you ever seen them live.
.
.its pure greatness!!
I'm about to leave school hahah
lol there's another word for what you are x
Word here at the Rose Garden is that Ty Rattie will play tonight
Which fly captainred the ladybird?
The doctorgonfly.
Round and Round she go
Music in Movies, Shorts and Documentaries: IHaveAnIdea!
Great rock song with clear powerful lyrics abt incest, poor excuse for lust.
31412
Just found out that my painting was destroyed in shipment.
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Derulers are in control
We even have two floors.
Maybe one can be republican themed and one can be democrat themed.
haha.
she gotta wet pussy like im finna take a test pussy orange and red is the best pussy take a nigga to the crest pussy lol like yeah...
bout ta say ol skool
Well, to be fair, that's the imposter Sin Cara.
So there is still a chance that the real one will.
Thanks for the follow Nick!
8 more days of school left...
I might piss on myself!!
damn tough choice.
Probably parker for street cred
We'll miss you Etta.
RT Music fans everywhere are in mourning: RT : Singer Etta James died, acc'd to friend/manager.

Try out David Wright in Center field and play Daniel Murphy at 3B.
i know.
:c
lol!
have double work now, finally working on my book again ;
Because you're a woman.
Oh snap!!
haha.
I'm such a fat kid at heart.
Fireworks are on sale!
You could have your own Independence Day.
RT : I hope Rebecca Black decides to do an acoustic album.
I see the endofthesemester funk hasn't lifted yet.
Threw 5 penneis in the air and they all landed on heads!
Follow us and we follow u p.u.
Okay as soon as you open the door you dive into the bathroom headfirst, make sure you have a show with you or whatever
I just want to be clear on whether or not TSL had an opportunity at all to make a counter offer?
Just spent 3 hours trying to troubleshoot my home WiFi.
2 different boxes failing the same way.
Solved, but I still don't know why.
Followin' history folks ...
!
Lol oh damn now I can't that tune out of my head
It's a miracle I didn't get my ass kicked on the dance floor last night.
Apparently, I forgot other people were out there
uh no?
U guys r in the same room
I cured myself of hepatitis c.
Keith Richards' audiobook.
Haha almost hit
I'm sure that makes you happy.
Why don't you watch Dexter and celebrate rather than study for chemistry ;
awh 3 my prayers are with your family, she'll be missed.
x
Listening and hearing are two different senses
Not a fan of spam.
because birth control viotlates religious freedom, duh.
Woohoo I can't wait!
You're ahead of the game.
Serial killer to intermittent, yet persistent, unpleasant relation
Just a 10 hour sit at the 'puter workday away from WEEKEND!
Chris Browne: Dulles is not a fully mature facility.
Could more than double activity inside fence.
ilovecarrie good luck
7 out of 16 teams in the Sweet 16 are either FROM Ohio or in the B1G.
Awesome.
lmao u dumb
If you're my past, I don't have time for you in the present, cause I simply don't want you in my future.
You're where you belong.
i heard that you like the bad girls/honey is that true?
I love this quote: The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart  Helen Keller
nigga nobody cant Stop the Kentucky Rattlesnake and you know that willow does what he wants when he wants cant nobody stop me!
New doctorss, new shirt, new bag courtesy of Jessica Llamozas , my rich ass sister lol
FYI it means I am feeling superman
Yeah, the time is ripe for Fashion Valley to raise rents and snag superpremium tenants.
Like Zara.
Am I not to assume it's an exclusive interview with me, America's First Fish?
If I doubt a word, I always check the dictionary for the word's spelling  definition.
Everyday, I build my vocabulary as a
D: what .
lol .
i coulda sworn .
i was mad at you for like an hour after i realized you aint text back .
welp .
my bad .
It's called Scalability and Programming, and he touches on the work done at VPRI on doing radically more with less code.
Have to work today.
All I want to do is sleep.
i tried!
hahah.
one day...
ONE DAY
about this hiatus, we need to talk!
You know you're my shot of morning Twitter espresso :
we totally ruined her friday !
:
Paul Pierce comes through in the clutch w/ the fadeaway J to put up 9084 and complete a 70 run.
1:18 left on TNT.
ball.
do you boo boo
Love my Blazers 3
No, Steve.
No.
: Tan is the new charcoal grey.
Poor critter.
He was really, really lost.
Thanks for the follow, write on.
Team no sleep
I have like five twitters...
Is that weird?
I'm liking the pullover hoodie and the keeping it positive shirt, and I'm also really liking the yeti hoodie.
mister Feldman: all of Memphis rooting for Chris M.
Would be great to see him at TV final table.
At least the Caps won!
waffles making lots of waffles
Grossest Sunday morning ever: Six flies wrapped in my New York Times.
Praying for my mentor, Chad Briscoe.
His friend's family, the Kurrles, were in a car accident in Paraguay.
The wife and son were killed.
y'all should go to magic kingdom tomorrow to celebrate your 5 years with and I!
Love living in the city!
Home sick and is just outside our building getting me soup at Can't beat that!
Alam Pro Cleaning Services is an aggressive, highly competitive and valueoriented property maintenance company.
We have a strong cleaning 
for now
The only people who go to the Kentucky derby are loaded old men with there HOES who wear bisexual hats
140!
: RT Fill in the blank: I've been making music for  years.
Giving people a voice and letting people tell their own stories seems to be a main interest at this PIC.
Wonderful.
I hope ridestthe bus today...
I DONT WANNA BE ALONE!!!!!!!!!!!
I had no idea they had kids shoes at the Fox in RWC thought it was just concerts!
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that won't cry, lips than won't lie, and love that won't die.
interesting and good: v.
sattui angelica.
Port made with muscat.
thanks for the follow Lance!
i keep putting off going to the friggin' gym but I can't start my day until i have pumped some iron!!!!!
Motivation needed!
I'd appreciate it if they were shirtless.
Just saying.
1 RT : YES!
Be museum experts first, technology experts second.
It is now 4:42 and im still not sleepy
We have a shload of laundoctor to do.
I'm sure it would be more than a part time gig and you can have wednesdays off.
Agi, thanks for the daily mention!
Black keys kicking ass at
RT With our AR project we included an extra layer where we mixed museum content and wikipedia
I love painting my nails.
Back 2 my 1st tweet, let's c some DEFENSE Broncos!
Come on Von Miller...
But what do the VOTERS like?
chill out keyleigh jershey shore make shows like your look wack...they have millions of followers you have 5,000 lmfao
RT : End of two, the Hawks lead 32.
All I hear coming out of Mitch's mouth is blah blah blah blah blah...
Puke!!!
I thoroughly enjoyed volunteering at your library's reference desk last night.
You have such amazing  intelligent students!
love the Beast but it is Miller Lite all the way.
lol it was so fun!!
:D
hahah uh oh...had the bbq chicken tenders sandwhich
Might be very telling at the end of one year: 45/78 AP ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND COMPOSITION students picked up summer packets for next year.
tomorrow i think im gunna make a bieber background..
if its pretty illg ive it to you
Every thing I touch I bruise
When does wanna got to the movies.
?:
Great seeing you last night!
You know I can take it and dish it out, too!
thanks for the phOtos!
I just notice i have 3 containers full of band shirts and a closet full of more band shirts oh and 2 doctorwers full of more bands shirts lol
The way someone plays an instrument is a voice, after you listen to them play  even when you don't know the song you know who's speaking.
I see that charm of Ireland Lucky's on Layton has closed.
Wonder what is the next themed bar will be
eats it, smiles
thanks.
preciate it
its ok thanks!!!!
Faith or Reason?
The Boys Next Door
Damn everyone is doctor at lunch.
Where the feens at!
Got a piece of mail offering a 5000 loan with 30 APR.
Think I might sign up, not pay it back, then register democrat and whine about it.
Enjoyed seeing the reference by Austin Keyes to the old movie with Charles Aznavour.
Push it to the limit no matter what!
Interesting discussion on right now re: scoreboard mishap in Pats/Ravens game on Sunday
Ok later though I'm busy lol
Omg.
Awesome.
lol wow dont u get bored of it?
;;
People say do what you love and the money will follow.
Give me a woman who loves beer and I will conquer the world.
Kaiser Wilhelm
and i know.
but its hard to be positive sometimes when you are a teen girl and kirby fatherless.
:
but do you really want him to go pantless?
RIP MikeWallace Send us back reports from wherever you end up.
No that's fine!
My bus doesnt actually come until like 7:20, but we leave a bit early
Your welcome, glad you found a spot
Local false flag creeps showing their true colors more as their support erodes.
Perfect they've chosen shit as their weapon.
Thr CW says it has the goods.
Yeah?
That's cool bro.
I want to see a 2012isTheJonasBrothersYear TT
It's time to fight for our inches
O.
That's good!
Let's go with it.
Mark Barron at number 15 to the Eagles, now that looks really good.
Well fans  we have a new home!!
We will be reopening next month on Murphy Canyon Rd and Aero doctorve.
Hope to see you there
Great quotation  doctorams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask  The X Files
I think both crows could tell I was there to help.
I made crow noises all the way to the rehab to keep crow feeling safe.
sorry doll :
Why are you trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out?
Welcome to the twitterverse,
If a girl cries for a boy, she really loves him.
But if a boy cries for a girl, nobody will ever love the girl the way he does
That's funny!
And, it sounds delicious.
Its about to go Down!
I'm not sure where this is going lol
I don't even know if only they were ugly then life would be easier
MISTLETOE already has me in the Christmas spirit!
MISTLETOEISAMAZING cant stop replaying it!
Proud of u bro!
every time i see you at an RF match it must be so nice to be such good friends.
best seats in the house ;
Uh oh.
Bag suspicions well founded.
Landed in Charleston sans bag.
They say it may arrive tonight.
Keep your fingers cross for me!!
Come on Grizzlies!!!
Don't do this to me.
GRIZZNATION I think we need to go up in prayer for this game...smh
Yes!
Best One!!
fantastic flying books of mister morris lessmore
I was laughing so hard.
BO.
PURPLE  GOLD only Tony.
Have you been away too long?
Kidd should have been a Laker.
You feel me.
What exquisite emotional armor you're wearing!
is a good ice breaker at a party
I'd give my life for her I'd gamable it all away just to be with her nobody i dont want to love anyone else but u just u
KDiamonds are joining African Americans 2012 for Obama2012.
is that because it's supposed to be at 4GB?
Finally got some clarity!
And I feel some sort of relief!
Thank God!
SAPX radar it this coming week hearing good things coming
haha!
Yea!
I know!
My bad!
Lol!
You NEED to check this guy out!
asdjklif 
Power lunch w/  is a LOT of Georgetown all at once!
I held my own, though.
Sox loss is gain!
Hanging at summer camp and not getting paid
My sandless sandbags are the High tech alternative to tradtional sandbags.
Environmentally safe.
Best protection available for flood control
Tonight's Thai Talay Seafood class with guest Chef Ang Robinson has a fantastic menu!
Do you have a favorite Thai dish?
interesting though a very simplistic view of socialism
My gut is torn.
I love to teach, it is my truth.
But I can't let a bully continually hurt me
Picking up hiking shoes, says sports authority is da place, so I'm checking there 1st
no problem hope you get to your goal:
Thanks for the RT and the follow!
was just named Rochester's Favorite Property Management Company in the 2011 Rochester's Choice Awards for the second year in a row!
oh yea, pittman's 3 min start to missing in action
Hennepin County Library  Nokomis reopens tomorrow!
Come on over!
www.hclib.org
that's about my speed these days actually.
oh that sucks :
Why is HTML/CSS the goto 'code' language to be used in writing courses?
Is it because no compiling needed to see its results in a browser?
Off to Fed I go
6 more minutes till hm opens
Too wet to even do a strength workout on the court, let alone play....
nowwhat?
People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it
Mitt Romney speaking about gay marriage at Liberty University...aka Sunday school.....fucking retard
Yup.
Ive been watching since had millz vs Mook.
They need to do.something in the Chi.
I'm smdh too.
the only upside to the idiotic pick of Irvin by Seattle is that the Browns have a shot at a stud at 22.
We welcome back Dan Guith to our estimating/CAD department!
Great things are happening.
We are thrilled to have him back on our team!
We really need a new twitter background.
Any suggestions?
I am thinking around 830 9 I will try to be off as soon as possible
Its been Hard Days Nights!
RT : Bet they don't know who the Beatles are either ;
So you're saying I'll only get 2 million, but you'll set me up with a Raiders cheerleader?
For you shall go out with joy, and be led by peace.
Isaiah 55:12
Get your asses off the court lol
a zarf in words with friends played by my wife, I'm sorry I'm calling bull shit.
There needs to be a bull shit button on words with friends.
yeah it was!!
i love iron man!
:
Hope you are all well and watching the Basia Show throughout the Caribbean
Mark Twain said, The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
Share a favorite clean joke.
Are you looking to turn this day into a fantastic Thursday?
Does firespaz not own a watch?
I'm currently giving advice on taxes yall!
Come join me  at the !
If you'd prefer to shift the convo to email send me a DM please
need a ark?
I Noah guy.
Blue looks cool, but brown protects and serves.
ThoughtsDuringSchool When am I ever going to need to know this?!?!?
Woo hoo neighbor's doctorlling project is complete just in time!
In the studio wit and man another hit from just amazing are last song y'all we almost there :
Someone please tell me what's up with my mentions :.
Kevin Eastman speaking at this years clinic.
Very few bring the knowledge and insight like Coach Eastman.
Storm near Lake Mills has the potential to produce half dollar size hail.
While doing research for my MA thesis I found the following quote In Las Vegas, its the museums that are fake, not the paintings.
OUCH!
The only thing you can do with your life is give it away.
This is the true essence of feeling purposeful.
doctor Wayne Dyer
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
Love Tea Chai Te!
Used to go there all the time when I lived around the corner.
Stop on by our FB page for free support during your weight loss journey www.facebook.com/LVHCG
roadtrip miami here we come.
So are we!
RT : Tonight at Roulette..
hear , new piece for bass  electronics,and more!
I'm excited!
excited to take my scholar out to dinner tonight from !
Big game tonight for the FloridaPanthers Hockey!
Let's go Cats!
NHL Playoffs
to all of my family, friends and supporters thanks for the belief!
I wish Wilson well 4 she must make District 17 better!
RT : Remember Gandhi: Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong.
we lovee yours an vinnys relationship 3 vinny leaving was really sad but if u ever leave the show is over
good call!
Enjoy!
Let's just say that I read...a lot.
Today I'm feeling extra grateful for my local libraries.
Here's a shout out to !
For some reason Jeff Buckley's album Grace reminds me of my 20s so professorundly it's almost too physically intense to listen to.
My dad and me are huge fans it's his birthday today can I get a retweet
Got my Oj...now im good
This wknd, I lrned how to: submit someone with the kimura lock, fix my rear derailleur,  groove to Ethiopian pop.
It was some wonderful teamwork.
I love when a plan comes together.
Been helping my grandfather,his parents,his girlfriend and her son move all day .....
I'm so sweaty and exhausted!!!
so now toy hauler is in to have generator worked on.
the control arm broke.
they now have to send a rep out to see for themselves
haha yes!
iknow, brb.
Can't breathe..
Dying!..
Blehh :/ save.me3
you just gave me a food boner.
I might go the 29th...still thinking about it but I really want VIP so..
In line now!!
Next LCP hashtag stream coming soon.
It'll be one of our OWN invention  we think you'll love it!
: So keep checking our feed for details!
Dude, your links never, ever, work...
Eek!
Too soon...
RT : Mavericks one game away from becoming victims to history's 2nd Oklahoma City bombing.
: can I have or nmber girls the word is your not or
yessir I will try.
Really pumped about taking my beautiful wife on a date tonight!
Thanks Sarah!
Only one consensus on Washington from picks posted from 76 cappers tonight off a 20 Monday Nite..See ya at the window
Not all those who wander are lost.
Any PR students out there graduate this weekend?
it's nothing like LOTR but it's very good, unlike what Dave might tell you.
It's not even enjoyable to be outside right now..
Too many bugs 
My Sunday nights will be a little less complete without Kenny Powers.
what a lucky girl!
School and the Dix!
My guess?
Mockingjays.
Good.
Kids in Steelton need more fun and laughter.
Q3: We just carried out an allfrosh Model UN.
It would be a great pre  post activity for this.
Chocolate and Churros for the game tomorrow...
and a raffle for a trip to Spain!
Viva la Furia Roja.
CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME CALL ME!
No mom, you're mad because you're wrong, not because I'm talking back...
Cool never out trumps revenue.
David Beckham's SuperBowl ad proves that he a walking inkpad.
Wonder what he has tattooed under those jockeys?
Sugar coated or reality?
: I'm good, just stressed...
you know me!
How are YOU?
Hey, how you doing?
Congrats on the SDCC prize pack from btw.
:
I would seriously hate to be one of those families who eat out every night.
there's only one way to stop seeing so many instagram photos on my news feed...
mark zuckerberg
follow back please?:
Groundswell by Charlene Li...
highly recommend.
RT : Has anyone discovered anything new lately from the social enterprise, I need some new cool tools.
hey , love your coffee!
Noticed you don't have tasting notes on bags.
I don't think it's good or bad just wondering why not.
Not to mention their iBook reader is pretty lousy compared to Kindle.
Just received another summer camp order!
I wonder how many more I'll get today!
Be safe out there!!
its so sad to think about for both countries no matter what, but I wonder what the ratio is in our colleges vs all of Sweden.
omg.
I probably love root beer more than you!
But then again, I love most beer.
Yoo Kayla is eating chunky peanut butter on the busses wit a spoon can't get more get than that
I think I'll be hiding in a bar.
Lol!
Cubs cold beer and no crazies.
In science class with  x
.
.
.
THATS NOT THE POINT
Anytime I'm off.
Can get it done out here whenever we find the time.
I see you!
I will say hi during intermission.
:  LOVE this theater!!!!
Yeah that Unlimited Data is on Hit  Hot Spot ..
Yeah if U don't Talk much ...
Sprint might just right for ya..
100
We're so glad you found eachother on Twitter!
: RT congrats, can't wait to see you there!
Party hard don't give a shit!
youtube it bro, i couldn't even do it.
my friend did it.
you mean of electric liquid steel red hair?
It's really compassion I'm feeling.
always start early at epcot it not as busy as magic kingdom.
go to magic kingdom at nap time for the kids.:
Who homebrews out there?
If so, how long?
On the road in Kansas City for a few nights.
If you like Barbecue, then KC is your town!
Sorry little sister
You act like it's you against the world, but it's really just you against yourself.
ouch : Adjusting screen resolution doesn't help?
Melting from the city heat?
Swing by for a frozen moussicle.
Just what it sounds like, only better.
Each pop is 3 and worth twice that.
very well said :
thankss spaggnolissss 3 why don't u have break that's like torture ya know ?
like ?
Have chocolatecovered Pringles been attempted?
If not, why not?
I am really bored lol , wyd ?

checkin' in and diggin' it!
Great show as always!
nice eyes.
I dont wanna be here, take me home:
it strikes me that Wordstar had little or no HCI history to consult.
Who knew, back then, how people would actually use a WP?
i thought thats why men went to the gym..show off their pecks and meet half naked sweaty women..and cougars with HOT BODS lol
and when i say gladiator i mean black girls that pull hair
Heck yes!
It's going to sound awesomesauce with you singing it!
I hope everyone has a Happy Easter.
Enjoy.
A man wants his woman to roll up for him but not smoke ...
Guessing gotta learn to roll up
I heard the GAY nightlife is to die for....
BackThatAzzUp Hell of a song!
we really like it.
Spiced with fresh dill, thyme, and lemon.
Works well with chipotle sour cream!
Hmm...
wonder how this day will go since decided we needed to b e up at 3:15am and keep an eye on the overnight rain!
:
yeah I'm going
I did.
Yay for more clip shows of stuff that never happened?
If you love someone you don't hide things from them..
haha cool and thats cool and my night is pretty good and my weekend was good except for today brought me down hbu?
Twitter suggested I follow joe buck.
Not gonna happen bc 1im a rangers fan and he's clearly not 2he's joe buck 3bias commentating
: The words, Comfort, o comfort my people never get old.
wtschapel amen.
Music is everything!
EVERYONE CHANT...
JORDAN COME THY RICHES NOW
I have never had a cup of coffee.
You can do it!
But the question is why are you doing it?
it was so wonderful 2 meet u!
looking forward to meeting up more together!
Will short term loans of ebooks eventually replace ILL?
Ebrary thinks maybe.
I can see the benefit to publishers, but what about us?
July 4th weekend coming up.
Can't wait.
Good afternoon from Albuquerque!
No studio space at apartment but am leasing real live industrial professorssional space!
: If Mario Chalmers keeps making 5 3's a game from here on, LeBron will win his first ring.
The best car safety device is a rearview mirror with a cop in it.
Dudley Moore
you cant be classy if you curse like a sailor...it just doesn't work.
IGN boards are down at the moment.
Fix coming soon.
I'm booth 110.
It's free to attend.
Crafters/Makers/Designers from all over the US will be here.
Makin' the grown up kind of decisions usually sucks, but for once, I'm okay with this one.
And...
breathe.
Thank you so much for checking in on and grubbin' with us!
thx!
It's a lot of work but we are definitely getting closer.
Can't wait to show it off!
Well I learned that it started around 17001800 so idk much.
Can you plz follow me for a day so I can DM the ebay message?
It's also nice having a Taco Bell that is convenient; Well, I'm also glad they are hard to get to here
yuummmm....
candy corn ;D
Less than 20 minutes until class starts.
Justin Has Real Talent.
3
?
Not all girls r like that
nah man, that shits dumb.
92 : haha ill get you next time!
p by!
See you when I see you.
I got mad shit with me today!
Oh dang :
It's not even fucking trending here!
Congratulations to and for 70 million views on Kony.
It's a landmark achievement
definitely lied....
what episode?
has the 25 days of Christmas started on abc yet?
....Bible, I'd use the New World Translation of the Jehovah's Witnesses.
2
: CONGRATS!
truelove sanfrancisco Thank you!
We are soo excited!
Cheers!
Thank you!
How've you been?!
hahahhahaha see I accidentally tweeted that on her account...
Woops.
New hot compositions came out my 88 keys.
I'll introducing new tunes in November tour...don't miss it
Holy fuck I'm outta shape
See Final restart in Loudon
you had my heart inside of your hand and you played it.
growth can be painfull
We are currently looking for Tutors  Mentors for Woolridge,Tippit Dawson,Paredes,Fulmore.
Get Involved!
QA at
who was the agent who worked his deal?
Do you happen to know?
Thx sir!
I feel like I need to read/see Hunger Games so that I know what the ENTIRE INTERNET is talking about!
Dont forget we do have those tickets for oct.
7 2011 for the start of TopDJweekend and they are going fast!!
ooh that looks cool!
We're definitely visiting Bardstown as my favorite bourbon is HQ'd near there.
Thanks for this!
RIP Etta James :
i just so tired of everyone on Facebook going OMGZZ I LOVEE ONE DIRECTION i knew them ever since last year and you like them now?
im confusedd!!!!!!!!
will the meet and greet pass get shipped to us?
or do we pick it up at the concert?
not that far.
Let's chat closer to when u get here.
Thanks for the tweet.
We think you're great, and recommend you frequently to people looking to compare LMSs.
We're not sure where Judge Sumi was born, so we're not going to comment on her religion.
Watching Mean Girls is trending.
RT if you're Watching Mean Girls
okauy i will have it by tonite : anna
OK, but can we skip the gallows and start the doctornking now??
Happiness is finding a hand penned postcard from in the mail.
Thank you!
:
MINES DUE WEDNESDAY.
Are you librarying tonight?
it's not a crime if they are trying to raid your pension.
Tell Me A lie?!
You couldn't possibly lie more than a liar...
Or am I A lie..
Liar
I've been telling everyone that you're my grandpa.
Hope that's ok :
Who Cutting Them Checks?
I Don't Work For Free
RT : Hey  Bicycling Mag just figured out something we've known 'round here for years!
Namely that past and hopefully......
Im struggling to find a topic about nonprofessororg management.
Favorite time of the week.
McPherson Studios.
La Cucaracha if in English The Cockroach would have to be a Rufus Thomas song.
Great to know that if anything happens, we have a base for a DD support group.
it's no way you can mess that up...
Or is it lol
I still don't understand why doesn't utilize more often.
He is simply the best at what he does.
ight, gotta get back to that speech........ughh
Who the f is Warde Manuel???
Some jamoke from Michigan?
RT : No plans this Saturday?
Joins us for Late Night w/ the Stars!
40 for open bar, entertainment, desserts  dancing!...
Good Morning :
During the day I'm all bout lookin good, but when i get home i'm doctorssed for comfort.
All the way down to these fuzzy pink slippers ; lol
Great, thanks!
Printed off your 50 Twitter Tips for an exciting project we've got in the works.
Awesome tool!
Be careful with your words.
Once they're said, they can only be forgiven not forgotten.
Dude, I am about to walk into class...
This sucks...
Good win last night!
Well this is not gonna be good.
Just got my tickets for the live show!
hey Austin :
I need a New
I foreal ate too much!
RT : you see that girl that's havin a bad day?
compliment her and make her smile, i'm tellin ya fellas
Are you unfollowing me or is twitter being insanely stupid for you as well unfollowing people
how long are the episodes
What a lovely day doctoram!
I hope to ride the Orient Express one day.
Peace to Prince Ishier and Little K Love they came from jersey to see the Gods rock out I wish more of my Jersey people would have came out
That may require us to also set up a kiddie pool.
People who think well, write well.
I want sushi!
The old man told me he likes women that try hard on their work after he watched me mow.
According to a Gallup/USA Today Poll, Obama's Gay Marriage Endorsement Is Turning More Voters Away!
Where's the line for I Survived the Apocalypse tshirts?
You better get it together and come to Chicago this year!
My first and only .edu account has finally been deactivated after nearly 15 years.
OMG I love it!
PALEASE!
I also am yet to meet your daughter.
where at?
that awkward moment when makes you smell his chapstick .
.
.
You can get a tasty Arizona tea for 10 cents more!
SomeoneIWantToMeet my soulmate....
and and and and :
nah I haven't played it.
Been hella busy
Loving the MJ Immortal World Tour FlashMob music MIX with Hollywood Tonight, Bad and thriller
Thanks for the follow!
We love concerned Americans.
They make the difference.
I got ya big bra
I'm on the wrong train.
But I think it's my destiny...
lol.
I did.
Thanks for counting down w/ me 3 love you too babe!
Glen Campbell was great in Midnight Cowboy too.!
Didn't he play Jon Voight?
is there a sequel to the cough doctorp tweets, kidney stone style?
I can only hope.
Had a great academic year doing art/design for the Georgetown Voice!
Both happy and sad that my time as Design CoEditor has come to an end.
ha..Vinny Jones Man U song..class film
lol yeah let's see what u say when u r 30.
If u r already there and still feel that way.
In which case that's just sad.
mister.
doctorper works as a copy writer now?
I should've known.
She wanted to learn what he does right before she bagged 'em!
Just got my notification we're up and running on Google doctorve interested to see this Docs/doctorpbox combo at work.
Very cool!
is a global entrepreneur mentoring program
Are you going to do a follow spree when you reach 20K?:
9 yr old daughter asked if you got home in 2 yesterday at Bergamont...
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
Napoleon I
agreed!
I'm free every week night except Wed and Fri!
Lol
Trying to come up with done genius tweet....
Its not working
Little more than four hours till I'm done with work and I can focus all of my energy/hatred towards the flyers
COMING SOON!!!
THE LAST DAY!!!
This wrap is disgusting
haha yeah they're pretty solid, my old band played with them on one of their first tours
have you made sure all the bands know to avoid that date :
I just learned what totes meant.
imnota16yearoldgirlanymore :
About to roll it old school on !
Montel Jordan This Is How We Do It is up next!
Isn't it just insane?
I'm having a hard time believing we're already two months into 2012!
guys, I have created notstarcraft to keep us safe
A world is being discovered.
Join us.
No innerwebz thanks to What are these odd rectangular things made of paper?
And these vinyl black discs?
analogEvening :
BOYZ ARE BACK
The Used is definitely really sick man
It's raining, its pouring.....
hm, maybe they'll believe i was watching a youtube video?
i hope soo..
i should stop ranting now.
thanks lol thanks I gotta a song called capricorn ...wait to u hear it its so hott!
we are an organization that builds greater understanding  engagement between Muslims  nonMuslims
I remember Firkusny playing Janacek's 1905 Sonata almost 20 years ago  what a performer.
The classy way huh?
Dont you mean the cheapass way.
No way, not that!
Twilight Imperium is a space empire board game!
And a really long one.....
67  MTNG 3 !
Excited for a GREAT season with you guys!
plaid on plaid
Whats going on?
I wanna holla at y'all about I project I wanna get y'all om
Did not mentally prepare for today's gardening.
However, we are ready for our kissing scene with Salma Hayak.
Congrats on win last night
I hate living in the fuckin hoosmd I swear.
Heidi Klum and Seal are splitting up.
Now is the time to make my move.
it says it in the bible.
God forgives you for all your sins, but he can't forgive you for that because you're already DEAD!
thatd be awesome!
lets see what u got!
Ironically, there's apparently no one in the room who can fix the PA in time for the Best Sound Editing award.
I'm hungry af !
What was your favorite Golden Globe moment or winner?
I am he is an amazing hockey player.
My cat Ziggy is sick, today is just an awful day.
rofl Sorry!
Not my recipe.
Will check yeast quantity and get back to you...
That seems the likely culprit.
Nope.
Who needs me when you have Brandon anyways?
What questions would you want to ask a teen movie star?
Pleasantly surprised  pleased the won Game 7 today in Memphis
the video cracked me up...unfortunately true
It's so hard waxing my own vag.
Despite how many times my mom showed me how to.
:/
She threw up when Katniss  Rue were gnawing the animal meat off the bones.
Not sure if it was the scene or she was just sick.
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 28
Bank robbers give a bad name to people who just want to deposit their check with a mask on
wen u alone u hear EVERYTHING!
haha
I've to go to do some shopping
oh hi.
Apple even makes delivery fun.
China to HK to Anchorage to Tennessee to Newark to home.
GEEKUPS tracking.
Bought 8g organic plugs.
Me  geeked
Love how me and hayley are gonna run round the field at 6 every monday just for fitness..
We're freaks!
Just got a little more integrated into the dept of integrated medicine.
Score.
Joke is on your Memphis.
Keep waiting...
Today marks the end of WorkAtHomeMoms Week.
Shout out to all the moms raising the kids and paying the bills!
friendz change on you real quick str8up!
Yay!!!!!!!
Go Adele!
You so deserve this :D
In Herndon for the day for an NVAR meeting.
dear people of twitter, Please follow !!!!!
love, Alexis3
np Slow JamUsher.
Thank you, Pandora 90s RB.
they can't whoop me tho
Preview 2...it's going to be a fun show!
So hungry.
i just look on fb for a min and this nigga got a girl tatted on his neck
So Nialls gone partying  so has Louis  El.
While Harry Liam  Danny chill in the States.: Whereas Zayn's hanging with family  frends.
I got stuck on a 60 run
You are most welcome!
no!
You know is horrible friend.lol
who' going to win tonight?
I've used a couple, but what is your favorite SMS blast service?
Well Don't let EP fool you.
;
I'm not the kind of person to look after skin color.
I look after the inside of a person their heart not color or even race
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
Malcolm X
Woah there, twitter is making me a bit horny right now!
Yoou do those to!?
writing a new blog post about the great Marty Walker!
stay tuned...
cute boy doctorving next to us 'I know that guy.' 'Really?' 'No, I wish.'
LET'S GO BARBIE
Your past is like a painting, and as the artist of the painting, it's my job to fill all of the ugly holes, and make it beautiful again
Nice!!!
How was the show?
RT : we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
Vegas for the weekend!
Loving it
Last Night ROcked Shack in Vegas.
Salsa Night was great.
Looking forward to more Friday Nights like that!!
Merry Christmas!
someone said court st.
Bo!
Hope it wasn't that brunch at !
Wish we would have had more time to chat that day.
A kush high  motivation another song to add to my collection ...
2RealEnt
THX 2 Yvonne Sherman Oaks 4 helping me choose and install my brandspankin'new car battery!!
This past one lasted over 8 years?!
50 off Yoga or Pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio  you can mix and match the classes you want to take!
www.crowdclick.com
Make sure your battery backup on your computers, servers, etc.
are working properly.
These storms are taking out a lot of electricity.
Harry said he's bi?
When did this happen?
o:
whens your next run thur the ville?
It's almost the weekend!
Insanity is doing the same things over and over and expecting new results Einstein 
Imagine: You Its so cold!
Austin Not in my arms ;
Time to play like Vegas style baby !!!
It's flyonetime at
okay.
Did you hear about Sally?
in the summer of 2014 we will celebrate Ray's birthday in Tulsa.
I hope some of you can make it!
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election?
I hate my class
Aww, thank you!
She's too adorable for her own good, gets away with everything 'cuz she charms me with her cuteness :
you owe me 20 bro!
Also, take that with a tiny grain of salt, I only have 140 characters to work with.
I have to watch my language on facebook, because my girlfriends mommy says I have a potty mouth.
Bahahhaa
what a busy Tuesday already....
RT : So excited to announce that will be sponsoring a cookie decorating table at the MKEfoodies Holiday Bake Sale.
can you guys make it to a Boston house party this Saturday ;
Thank u ;
errand run today!
What did you always want to be when you grew up  and did you become that person?
Looks like 's been getting some insider tips
The weekend is almost here!!
Happy Hour is coming!!
I often change the spec until the code has demonstrated long term value.
I find TDD wasteful in this case.
no I feel super duper badd
: Tweeted this with my left nipple!....ur so strange girl
studio for clean vocals tommorrow!
Once we get some mixes i'll email ya?
Hey, please help how I can watch !?
:
haha I knew somebody was gonna guy with the guy NEXT to the guy
Does anyome print decals?
Your chances would be increased substantially.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Othere Than Meeting You Of Course!: NeverSayNever xoxo
Oh yeah...got big things happening down there.
I am done here in the sticks.
Get down to , the games are over and is on stage doing a live video set!!
So true my friend.
So true.
RT: haha exactly.
Only those who lack talent complain lol.
HL7 Standards are standard in a different way at each hospital Kerry Matre conference
I never gave a fuck about what you heard about me..
This lab is taking forever.
This convo just makes me SMH.
80 paperwork, 20 Tx.
What about the 50 arguing with other professorssionals?
They've whiffed on every receiver in the last ten years except for Crayton, why not keep the trend going?
Just so you know, I miss you like crazy.
And a tiny part of me hopes that you miss me too.
the problem is the warning is voluntary.
Just as much risk with foods w/no info!
you always have the best shit to retweet :
He kicked 78 FGs last year.
2nd lowest percentage of his career.
there are some beardos in Ybor city, not sure if they have formed an official club.
sure.
when /where?
Im flexible
Does it take you HOURS to do something that should take MINUTES for your business?
Let us find a software to help with that frustration!
Se
just starting following ....could be really interesting.
Agreed!
RT : Great job hosting today's kbtribechat ...
See you later at lfi2012.
I'm absolutely in love with new icon ;
What is the most colorful bird you see at your bird feeder?
Ours is the Goldfinch.
i can't wait AudiA7 is going to look good on me :
Being successful isn't a goal.
It's a habit.

gotta love Bootstrap, from Twitter.
thanks guys.
making my life easier.
lolz every body i no is watching the
Thank you for the FF mention!
Have a great weekend!
Celts fans rule!!: Not sure what the folks at Philips want all these Celtics fans to do with the Hawks towels they gave out.
At the theaters and trying not to tweet..;
I love you more than anything in the world, my life will collapse without you.
then y did he follow us?!
My partner Rachel argued a very intense motion in a tribal court in Montana today, fighting on behalf of two parents who's child....
This time last year I was in New York avoiding the doctornks from New Jersey.
i hope so!
I still need to get a picture :o
Krispy Kreme is running a special.
you play tennis?
shut up!
haa.
so do I.
We'll have to play a match.
my first kiss was supposed to be someone special and with a high gpa and a future, not a mario brother!
modernfamily is hilarious!
when your jealous all the god damn time  .
Thank you.
: You the best.
Btw: I loves your tweets.
Thanks to Pastor  1st Lady Oliver  the Elizabeth Baptist Church for allowing me to preach God's word there today.
What a time we shared
They will somehow survive!
thanks for the RT!
so true  feel better!
Twilight series, Harry Potter Series, AND Hunger Games series.
Harry Potter being on top, of course.
S.A.D.Save All Doobies
One of my best friends tonight lost a loved one.
Please keep my friend and his family in your prayers.
I'm here for you and your family bro
2YearsofGreysonPaparazzi...
I can't believe how for you have come.
Keep going, I love you you xx
a special good morning for you
dude; I'm not that fond of Democrats.
They're just the lesser evil.
It's sad.
Only if the goal is reached by that point in time!
My mom says I'm becoming an alcoholic, My dad says I'm just a wimp...
I think my dads got a more valid point
This has to be a record for the most days spent without seeing a roommate.
Congrats to our sister magazine and !
Can't wait to see WatchHerWork vid.
how was ur day??
RT TONIGHT 10HRS OF FUN IT'S ON!
NEXT Thursday night The Pinch is playing at Big V's with Daymoths.
January 5th
u guys excited ?
circus music
let me find a fuck to give.........
oh wait, can't find a fuck.
Can a young nigga get money anymore?
went on them tonight.
can the smoking threes rec basketball team get a S/O or at least a retweet!?!?!?!
PM why only follow two when I am trying to create jobs and help move the state to worldclass, engaging, no cost curriculum?
First week of Fall term AND I had to put in 60 hrs at work...
man, I'm tired!!!
1.
They are truly disruptive.
RT : My money is on tonight.
Trying to ramp up our launch bugs and launch a massive campaign  with FB's recent assault on privacy we expect a lot of new members
Making new friends...
Complaint filed.
Hopefully this means we get our deposit back.
Nite Owl Specials after 10 pm tonight.
What a great way to wrap your Friday night out!
Don't forget Curriculum Night is TOMORROW!
Join us 5:306:45pm followed by a Camp Wllson Parent Meeting for 3rd5th grade in Ms.
Kim's room
Thanks Julie!
Hope all is well.
: not long now till ur tour !
May 15th London !!!!
All of me buynowI can't wait until she hits the U.S
We watched Hugo tonight.
Sweet, heartwarming movie.
Mouth hurts.
But I must go to school tomorrow
Oh, those gun shots sounded really nearby.
when i get bored 1.
Tumblr 2.
twitter 5.
stare at my posters 6.
text someone 7.
contemplate cleaning room or posters 9.
EAT SLEEP REPEAt
Are you there?
For the game?
Damn you!
Sorry, no offense was intended.
It's very hard for a seven year old girl to accept that the cat she has known all her life may soon no longer be with her.
Supply dictionaries for coaches RT : doctorBrett Reed has been added to my list of potential clinic speakers Coaches Clinic
ha, man its always better when you ain't at
Did the Christmas Special air here?
Of course it does!
If only we all had a bit of crochet for those a/c days of summer.
Don't cook in your undies.
It can hurt.
Thank you for sharing about WJU grads!
We're lookling for new Talent to add to our Leadership Team!
Get down to BuckBradley's tonight for an viewing party at 9 PM for Game 3 of the CalderCup Playoffs!
Does Axe make sunscreen?
You'd get a lot of doofy 13 year olds with healthy skin.
Apple raises the bar again with Mountain Lion.
Curious to see reaction to the new notes app.
I think Shoshanna is my favorite.
It's a GORGEOUS day in Miami !
Off to the beach!
See ya!
If so, it's certainly better than socalled postfeminism.
I cannot put down John Green's The Fault in Our Stars

Interesting.
Results most likely tainted by FB's rollout of flexible security options, though.
First full day of the IWJ conference!
So proud of my staff for helping to organize a great event!
HillerHelps  CollaborativeLaw can create a 'marriage contract' that sets out what work you will do on the marriage.
don't eat around the blue spots colin!!
the bread is BAD
Im scared to let him outside in the backyard cause i think i will loose him
Pretty sure none of the people on the SXSW 4hour work week is bullshit actually are 4hour work weekers.
Thanks Honey :
Open your eyes to recognize those who are full of sound  fury, yet signify nothing.
It is often the quiet ones who have the most to say.
Could not read chrome manifest file 'C:Program FilesMozilla Firefoxextensions972ce4c67e084474a2853208198ce6fdchrome.manifest'.
I won't tell and thank you!
Happy Monday
My 17yo son just got into town!
He's staying until Monday!
This wkend we'll eat, laugh, play games  MAKE MEMORIES!
My momma heart is HAPPY
the man can flat out hoop.
Oh, how sad.
Davy Jones died today.
It was crazy then.
Cactus is officially the worst place on earth.
27 mins waiting at the bar still without a doctornk.
Were there but time, I so would.
The tone on this panel is mostly favorable towards Pathways b/c it's stoking new conversations about curriculum.
Just saw your tweet this morning, what's up with Durbin?
my owner is she can be so mean sometimes, ya know
Spending my weekend with my sisters, my mama, my brother, nd his kids : Thats what I call
I so need to try out the :
That Kashmir Tchai that I picked up on impulse at Kusmi Tea last night after seeing Arriety?
So good.
It doesn't feel like a Thursday...
more like a Tuesday
anytime  and funny cause he's with me on OUR date 
Toshiba Has The Thinnest Tablet In The World, But Does That Make It The Best?
If you don't fast you won't last; if you don't pray you won't stay.
Every laker game I watch Kobe lets me down ...
Turnovers and terrible shot selection.
The clippers right now 
Today is the 7th anniversary of the election of Pope Benedict XVI to succeed JPII.
How about Organo Gold Coffee?
Contact me for free samples.
.
u might consider avoiding the ignorant fuck koolaid you swill by the gallon, you taxdollarsucking donothing.
Rumor: Insurance companies are following customers on Facebook to asses their health issues.
I am sure it's not just Facebook they look at.
Tried Domino's sandwiches tonite,and had bread sticks with IBC.Oh yeah,and a long blonde pussy burger!MJuicy!
from one erep to another....how long have you done this?
ever do an eparty?
Fundoctoriser?
My Upline stranded me.
My van kissed a deer last night but didn't like it.
Ugh.
A day of adjusters, and awkward transport ahead.
A leader does more than block shots and grabs rebounds.
A leader leads by example.
Pulls guys together/talks/inspires...
quite well.
Thesis writing is slow but steady.
a little late to the game aren't we??
So was I ;
You're one of those kids who likes to fight people because you bumped your poor liddo shoulder on someone else's
you better quote thT Mary mary...
Man that song has gotten me through some tough stuff!
Fill in the blank!
This Valentine's Day is awesome because .
How many DUI's leave Miller Park today?
it's in my wallet.
M fresh out the oven auntie annes
I definitely prefer emails to phone calls ;
I'm so sorry that I'm such a problem to you.
: Wielding a bass larger than her body, Esperanza Spalding makes it look effortless in today's MBE.
Tune in now!
Uh oh Twit friends...Studies show  People who use Twitter every day tend to have briefer relationships.
Good doctorss rehearsal with for sci conference concert tonight.
Electronicsvoicesvideo.
Woot.
New menu items coming soon start tuned!
Sleep, wake, sleep, wake...
make up your minds, people!
Prediction: Tiger shoots 72.
Struggling in this wind.
Next up is Karin on tips and tricks for proposing/designing a new legal research class.
very misty!
But not on coke.
Just Yoko.
I dont have the track for the ad libs.
Can you send them?
woah, I met bill nye the science guy last night!
I'm doing homework .
hate do hw at this hour
I choose not to tweet, I twaat!
wow really?
Looking forward to the Indiana Artisan Weekend!
I'll be there on Sunday.
Birds do not have teeth, but they do have have really hard bills made of keratin.
Moon snail shells are hard to find, but if Chiton valves and Limpet shells were money, I'd be rich.
This ep is the shit!!
Can't wait for you guys to hear it, shit is MASSIVE....
is the fuckin man
I wish I woulda knew earlier lemme know next time you go
Trying to teach my grandma how to use iTunes
Embrace who You Are!
RT
No one needs the 'freedom' to be a 'productive citizen', only the freedom to simply 'be'.
If U are judged by your income, U have no freedom.
Unfollow this page and follow my new one now
you cannot be serious??
For what reasons?
They better let shaw play then
With my Baby :
Just finished tracking a tune for Echo Bones.
Good stuff!
I just want to dance until I die rt and
So the was fabulous.
We tried the parmesan fries, the rounders, and the steak sarnie.
All amazing.
Plan to go back lots.
Thanks for sharing the word on events around town.
I'm sure lots of DC'ers and wallets are happy and thankful.
you betta work the hell out of itt!!!
and you betcha hard!!
ahaha
Rondo did a great job of getting between the defender and basket on the break.
Young players take note.
Yeah, it's all different now.
via Gilberto R.
Rodoctorguez Don't doctoram it.
Be it.
Dear PressCorpse: What does tell his gay Wall Street donors in private about SSM?
Totally rooting for the L.A.
Kings now.
Go Kings!!!
King and Devils.
your so sweet that you put Hershey's out of buisness:
just saw your tweet.
Yep, who else could talk about doctorpping a body in an alley without thinking it sounded odd.
18,585 is tonight attendance and also the  Pirates fans who got so doctornk that they still don't know that the Phillies won.
We really like healthy eating challenge!!
Got any smart ideas to share?
Can't wait to see your vid...
My pleasure !
Los Angeles!
I'll be there this Sunday , Dec 18th!
Check it!
Thanks for the follow Penny!
CEO of originally dubbed SM as Digital PR ...
not far off.
Crazy my middle name
TEDxABQ who knew one person produces 61 tons of trash!
AND, 4270 tons to get rid of it
: 7 days till the derby!!!!
Who is everyone betting on?
I'm betting me  will be hammered
Yes, I just saw Avengers for the sixth time...
I have mentioned Uncle Sam's Plantation and Star Parker to you for years now.
Please read the book and speak to her.
re:same sex interracial adoption: In Our Mothers' House, White Swan Express, Monika's Papa is Tall
Lodi man arrested Tue.
4th doctornken doctorving after losing control of car  crashing into snowbank.
Dont let this be you.
Get a Step Ahead!
Why in the hell do I have to press 1 for English, and be left on hold for ten minutes, to ultimately speak to someone who can't speak E...
ya thats not funny.
I feel bad for the guy
One of those days where I don't feel like doing anything.
Powder 3 love the movie and the donuts :
same thing happened to me man
Sometimes you just have to salute stupid people...you so dumb it has to be smart!!
Oo
absolutely brotha sounds good
im on!
Classes are cancelled tonight.
As of right now, weekend classes are still on.
: My sister complains too much about not getting off the plane hahahah yes I do.
Cause stupid people are making me mad.
Stop listening to people who say you can't.
Never tell yourself you're not capable.
me too!
I'll have to see how it fits.
Oh and then I need to find shoes...all by next Sunday.
thank you!!!
i'm grateful for and all the people who came with it
That would be great.
i just hope they stay at No.
4 and don't trade down needlessly.
I may not be your type,but I dare you to get to know me!
Formula for success: rise early, work hard, strike oil.
It is then.
Boo
omg yes iloveyou!!
:D lets hope sees tht  it would been the world to me and best xmas present ever 
Facts don't convince.
Emotion, Values, Story Telling all do.
I've got ice packs at my desk; related: they are not frozen and thus likely not useful to you.
Jus got to Vegas
: i cant believe i really jus washed my hair at work ahahah  gotta do what yah gotta do lol
Hate that rule.
Was technically good call, but it's unrealistic to think a guy could stop when in one step.
No call if Kobe.
wasnt planning on going out but i never back down from a challenge, you have no chance
Happy Birthday!
Any youtube requests!?
Looks like the rain and snow has left the metro area with some left over in the south, sun tomorrow?
Let's hope
Just tapped Crispin Brut Apple Cider.
cousin's baby shower :
that's the best thing ever
Time to create!
working on buckle art at the moment.
Later.
Thanks so much!
Do u know Brandy Agerbeck?
Cool chica graphic facilitator.

jk.
I love Chris, despite all of his rudeness towards an innocent cat and myself.
Ok Kenny your brother rusty and Steve are coming Matt and Ross Kenneth Bill and Chase Elliot Milwaukee mile where are you
can you say tht in american
Fires of the world will keep you longer than you intended to stay and will cost you more than you intended to pay.
It's very clean  st8forward.
Yes, it could be prettier, but, personally, sometimes I'm thankful for a simple presentation.
Update: Slow release of trains back into GC.
Delay of 15 trains backed up.
Thanks for following me, I love your account!
I wouldve been crying the whole time anyways so...just gonna laugh 's photos from the wax museum :p
Thank you :
lol apparently that was my thinking
Another gorgeous day at 56F!
Did you know there's still plenty of snow on Sandia Peak?
Perfect time 4 a snowshoe adventure ;
as if I don't have enough things to keep me awake at night worrying...
Kick ass calyspo band in occidental park  50 cpls dancing  between last supper and fireman statue
Aww yeah I got a job for the summer
She's a real lady.
HathiTrust is a rockstar as far as I'm concerned!
all of this can't be always reinforcing the alienness of our family.
people forget, they insult moms to me as if I am not one.
Scott Brown 's easy ride.
His response to everything is to express concern with details but say he's open minded if policy is fixed.
CRAP
Free Comic Book Day 2012 is nearing...
This Saturday...
Nothing will ever be the same again...
thanks man had a blast !
Exactly!!
; I hope to chat at the next mnprsa event!
Watch me devour this supper when its done cooking LOL
It rains shattered glass in my art room, literally...
Adopt a no doctorma policy in your office and your home.
Clear out the garbage and watch your life transform!
via
I'm finally 15!
I feel so young.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!
Time to go on a networking rampage..
TO THOSE WHO WAIT, not an HEA but a happy now just released from www.whiskeycreekpress.com.
A must read for every teacher and parent.
Take it easy over there!
Maybe this time the news isn't sensationalizing how rough the East Coast is getting beaten on
Open your mind before your mouth
im not sure one band just played.
everclear is nxt then all american rejects i wanna say maybe around 830
Sometimes I just want to apologize to all the waiters in the country for my family.
Is it top secret, or can you share?
:
when people don't follow back
Today God sent us a taste of Spring.
Sunday and 60 degrees when typical is below freezing.
What an awesome God to give us variety.
oh wow are they really tonight?!
Fuck, I wish I knew..
I wanted to do dance next year /:
Thanks, man.
Really dig your line as well!
Live from MetroStage Tonight at 6:30 Filming of Yusef Chisholm and his band Common Knowledge.
www.metrostage.org for details.
I hate to ask..
but did I ever email you that collab?
Haha.
No Worries!!
Thats what we do all day every day here.
We were called away from Twitter is all
Lord.
I need to put my hair up.
Having my coffee in Nerdland with Then to write my 250 words for the day.
Created new account
That is weird!!
So when do ya wanna write?:
is anything you post not brilliant?
to the dome!
...DONE..now follow back
On some real shit I don't deserve her

is is horrible and distasteful ad hom, and not fit for any intelligent or principled forum.
Thx 4 the luv, T.
V.
Dyke!
Just saw shark night 3D.
If you want to see stupid kids that get destroyed by sharks.
This is the movie for you!
Working on my WebQuest.
Actually getting some good ideas!
throw some epmd on the cafe.
from one Brandon to another, welcome to the Cowboys!!!
Gettin paid and winning championships.
Make sure your estate goes to your loved ones without family or court interference!
Seminars on 2/23, 2/24 and 2/25.
www.KHLAW.net
DanceRogue2012 Leggo!
RT : In the studio choreographing for workshop this weekend!!
Woo hoo schoolin life
Why am I setting the alarm for 9am tomorrow?!
Opens door Hello :
Cleaning like a boss.
a clean boss...
level: mister clean.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies.
Aristotle
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity.
Sammy Davis, Jr.
Finally got my vans warped tour tickets
'All the rumors regarding Marc Anthony and Jada are false,' says Jada's rep.
'Because we just made that shit up,' she thinks to herself.
Thank you : and YOU have an awesome day too!
cool.
glad to meet some fellow hoteliers.
I mean somebody actually voted for Joe Johnson?
That tells you all you need to know.
Text it guys!
weird.
That should have been a text, turned into a tweet.
you had me until bean burrito.
Mos def not a sexy food.
:
Listening to Lana Del Rey's new album.
You either love her or hate her...we love her so far.
Very NYCpop.
She's amazing!
I love her.
:
: Bit tired so I am looking forward to this flight so I can get some sleep and keep my league going on footballmanager ...
never heard of that at all...
school book ?
as in lemme tell you about my killer musicianship skills?
Its  holmes hall 3am all blaq attire
I contact my financial advisor before any decision that involves money!
This ain't a joke!
Charging my phone in mister.Smiths class lol my favorite class3
ohh what's your new job, now I'm curious!
Good Morning!
Happy Friday everyone
We'll give you a call to set it up.
Looking forward to it.
that's TALENT boi.
He make those n his sleep.
using the weekend to catch up on projects at work
thanks for following ;P
Broken toe.
Cut up.
Still gonna dance tomorrow.
Never stopping.
I just know that its kinda rockish and a woman sings it..
And that I like it xD lmao one day it'll just hit me
Watching Disney Channel Movies From Back In Days...
And Loving Them
Why spring is in the air!
William's Gap is calling...
Dan Greenstein: presses need to be tubs with their own bottoms.
What does this mean?
Wine, sushi and League of Legends.
Why yes, I could get used to this.
I change myself, I change my world :
I can't.wait until boyfriend I net its gonna.sound awesome!!!
send me a job's bill worthy of Mordor  Pres.
Barack Obama
I'll try to right now I'm hungry and don't know what to eat lol
ironkoopz !
What's good in miami?!
Just touched down on tour.
ohh, lol.
Who wouldn't he's fine as hell!
Why wouldnt it be : hopefully
I love seeing my timeline freak out when tweets.
Join the mailing list of AR to get updates on opportunities for music producers RT
Hecky.
Yeah man and you too
Hi Thank you for the follow.
Best of luck to you with your new release!
Chase Bank refuses to credit fraudulent charges caused by Chase data insecurity while investigating follow
You'll always miss 100 of the shots you never take..
Excellent news!
Any of them are welcome to contact me  if they'd like.
The world is all gates, all opportunities, strings of tension waiting to be struck
Thanks for the retweet!
I'll be updating the computer repair services and cost of labor section soon with more of our services.
Hello I'm new here people were net if you would help me thank you
any chance you want to share that serial?
lol
No doubt I'm wearing a doctorer sheet disguised as a shirt.
BruinsCaps first round...what what!
can you please follow me back?
:
Please support Lancaster's Spanish American Civic Association.
Buy tickets to their 31st annual Fiesta!
Latin food, fun!...
I dont care
Just saw you staring at me through glass for literally 10 minutes.
Check that, just a different
Both Of Yall Need To Go.!
So We Can Be Live Nd So I Can Ride Widd One Of Yall :.
Basically To Get Livee.!
My hair got wet...
are you kidding me..
pissed...
Just experienced some of the worst customerservice I've had in awhile.
More tempted to take my Platinum business elsewhere
The Lovely Boners
TOO MANY LIMES!
TOO MANY LIMES!
Wes!
I haven't seen you in forever!
a little bit.
Have none of you seen a Heat game this season?
That's how all their games start.
yessir get your mama something special
That's one healthy baby.
r u going to the cornival or what?
Lol
Life has to end, Love doesn't.
Georgetown College baseball Tigers defeat Lindsey Wilson 51.
so I'm still waiting to see all of the 65 guys they were gonna put on TJ.
They were bigger than us.
If this works out, I will be the happiest girl in the world.
Special Event this Thursday the 29th!
spinning live.
Check out his hit song Tung
Why do you think it was about you?
Too bad!
What class is it for?
I was looking for my headphones all day; they were in my pocket.
Study Finds Increased Warming Over Wind Farms ...
Man accused of strangling Carlsbad girlfriend has long history of domestic violence allegations by exwife in Orange County
Wake up  take advantage.
Not too many opportunities brew up that can actually get you into the next bracket of your career..
np Everybody Talks Neon Trees
thnks!
I'll give it a listen!
I'm just want more songs to put on my iPod
Ok dancing starting...
I can't decide what to do this weekend: Lobster Races or Cooter Fest?
no target...following other Austin people : you  mentioned me earlier so...
Always a pleasure working with
like a playa with a pregnant girlfriend ha ha
RT meh: So we need girls on our street team.
Who's down?
:
When humanity is reduced to objects, it is easy to distort others and see them as less worthy  subhumans with no feelings, worth  dignity
guess who is new to twitter!
iknow it wont.
Iv accepted that
thank you :
i wanna go work out again with someone.haha, its been a long time though.
Thanks for the RT.
We always appreciate working with our busness partners.
Been really stressing out the knees with my workouts lately.
What are some of your favorite ways to avoid workout related injuries?
I seriously wish I knew how to play guitar or doctorms.
I mean..like actually knowing what I'm playing.
When youre trying to eat healthier but theres only unhealthy bullshit at your house 
Dnt gotta be a dj to host soming bro who told you that lol: siah hosting it that's what's sup he ain't a dj though lol
TruthIs sometimes making other people happy is better than making myself happy .
Excellent idea!
Resilience training would be great for sts too, but hard to do unless tchrs are resilient
Miami Dolphins  his artist , GATO DA BATO, many more 645 WASHINGTON IN SOUTH
Thanks to the loyal supporters..
Let's take it to the top..
Do you think Rihanna can spell Rihanna?
you tried editing the java preference too?
Sprinkles cupcakes for breakfast.
Going to bed on a full full full stomach.
Dinner with my L.A.
fam makes me laugh.
They're good people.
hee hee ..
that's all?
I'm almost to 1500.
:P lol
Nice!
I was farting around with the idea of doing something like A Wrinkled White Man in Time, but then gave up.
Awesome!
Lets get together one day when I'm in town!
we love you right back!
Thanks for the shout ;
you got to have swag to be a rapper!
Lol
Sorry I haven't been on in a while, I've been busy sightseeing San Francisco.
We Guarantee Highly Qualified Security professorssionals Get the Security Personnel You Want  When you Need Them!
I don't like Rascal that much but love Fast Cars and Freedom
I want some cheesecake
Thanks Jason!
WorstSubjectinSchool is this a joke far and away the population will go with Math and its not even close
Monday at Dunkin Donut Nostrand Avenue is fine.
I sent you an email also confirming the date
ok now im getting off, goodnight everyone :
'Before Watchmen' panel scheduled for Kapow!
Comic Con: DC Comics confirms its plans for Mark Millar's London comics convention.
You do videos or photography.
Start building inventory.
Get lights,fog,props.
You'll be able to charge more cuz u not just a point n shoot
Love all these adoption mamas tonight.
I didn't think the questions were that challenging after reading the story.
Not Pinkwater's best effort, however.
Night at work  studying for physics.
Studying all day tomorrow with a workout, lunch, workout 2, and dinner break.
last night i had a doctoram i was a dolphin trainer, it is only fitting that i start my semester out with my first class of marine biology!
:
tomorrow would be good I have work Wednesday and Thursday hair app!
How much of the P2P sharing economy based on tax avoidance  hotel taxes 30,  undeclared extra income?
hey Alex, its already 6pm here.
I got new kicks today!
What are you dong :?
blood doctorve today made me so dizzy  out of it.
might as well have not even been in school.
barely remember shit..
Suggestion  Eighth, Mention something positive about the speakers who spoke before you, if there were any speakers.
Shouldn't you be showering right now so you can be on time tonight?!
Fun Fact: WAS IT A CAR OR A CAT I SAW.
This is the only English sentence which even if we read in reverse will give the same sentence.
You are too cute.
Let's lunch soon.
Thinking about how I can weave his piece into future writing.
Tears are words the heart can't say.
Ha!
its my first one.
:D lolz
So sad!
9 years and it all ends tonight!
At WLCV!!!
Awaiting a weekend of membership recruitment :D
I'm bored.
This was not worth going to school today
Sounds great.
Oh, when will I ever be free from the guilt of not doing work on the weekend.
It's 2p: Daft Punk  greatness ensues.
tonight with , though, I'm really stoked to be a Bondvillain again
Even if you don't see me, I see you  I will always tweet you.
I 3 you.
Everyone should.
UR an inspiration.
Check Out My New Twitcon !!
Mission accomplished.
Legs and abs feel like jelly.
Love it!
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY to my bestfriend in this entire world 3 Love you 16 year old :  happysweet16 best sister ever !
I wish there were flights for just people who fly a lot.
Boarding would take 12 seconds.
prepping the studio
Way to be a follower
Lincecum Ks the side in 3rd, has four Ks in a row.
Has anyone seen a mobile site, where clicking on the contact us brings up a contact card?
Please share.
it's going great.
about to kick off the new school year!
you?
Loving this!
I wish I stuck with dance when I was little
family can get really crazy
Details Emerge of ZoneCast Pitch to FCC  Soup 4u!
ok, Jasper Farm Winnimer is our new fav!
I might skip dinner and just eat cheese.
:
Appreciated point from : don't judge experiences as positive or negative.
Instead: ask if helpful v unhelpful.
Looking forward to 's webinar today on helping your staff  board become better nonprofessort marketers!
Weren't you wearing a Duke shirt today...hahaha
small world!
We can take great inspiration from the here!
!
Protesters chant 'thank you thank you' to lines of riot police as security forces stand back and let demonstrators pass in shubra jan25
I like it!
: RT : I also enjoy curmudgeon, haha.
RT : Kerfuffle is my new favorite word.
appreciated the kublerross ref in yr lambchop review.
Well Gotta Sleep Haha!
: Goodnight!
xx
just hauled ass downstairs to watch grey's....just realized it's on at 9
'Take all of this Book upon reason that you can and the balance on faith, and you will live and die a happier and better man.
Busy night tonight.
Working out at , last minute shopping at , packing 4 xmas,  convincing to watch Home Alone.
Tomorrow is out but Thursday is in.
looking for the one
Facebook stock price just jumped up to 42.98!
We are open for business!
its already in the mail box
Love is a verb not a noun..
Thanks Court!!
It's the only workout that is remotely closed to our softball workouts, and the only way I stay motivated 
haha I don't listen to mainstream lol an know rap trust me, an I'll do that when EVER you decide to talk to what's her face ;
Arms have to look like they are breathing, legs have to look like they are breathing.
James Canfield, choreographer
Anyone in fortcollins colorado and likes glutenfree cookies for 50 off??
Let us know!!
We've got a store for you.
No plans for an Andoctorid version of the app yet...
will be exclusive to the iPhone for the foreseeable future.
I am going to buy those tickets so hard.
Loved that line.
What a magical emotional roller coaster of a day.
I know.
HE HAS A VERY NICE BODY.
Heading home real tipsy and no im not doctorving gotta get up early and run a few laps to see if my leg is getting better !
It was a beautiful day in NY Now back at the Jane Hotel for an early night.
Check out our new ProLine Bakeware made outside of Pgh.
in Cresent Twp.
It has a silicone glaze finish, is warp resistant,  rust proof!
Remember our favourite line ?
If fat go where ?
:
Looking for a great place to hit the weights?
Look no further than !
Come in for a 10 day free pass!!
Dude, how many sausage shooters did you do last night?
You are very welcome...I thank you too for my RT
that's what I'm saying.
Like sorry u havent met him does that mean I have to stop meeting him cause u haven't?
No
feel so bad for verdasco, bc the outcome when he plays Nadal is always the same
Thanks for the
John McCain has 3 different types of govt insurance  V.A., U.S.
Govt.
and Medicare...but he doesn't want you or me to have even one form.
:o please follow back..
well with Lola's skills and Bill Murrays agility and Brute strength they made a run at it..just wasn't their season i guess
Let me find out Collin here and didn't tell me
Back to Wisconsin for the weekend.
Hi John.
Hope u have a chance 2 check out  dig u some Secret Skwirl.
Best  success.
Paint, glue, it's all been ingested!
RT : haha been there many a time :
I'm chilling until I go to work
Mini marathon has begun.
Just an astounding sight of these thousands of runners.
That boi a genius.
This mix tape hot...
She didn't buy Raid.
We have Hot Shot.
The thing sucks.
The best Raid I've used is the one from Home Depot.
Lol
It feels like its freakin friday
Love when you get emotional over a dance.
Love it!
RT : Counting the hours to my date with Don.
I'm having an old fashioned.
Love those
TRANSFORM Tuesday
doctorgging in a breath What are we going to do about you biting your lip, Ms.
Blythe?
luvs wat I do name me another job where nice guys call U a goddess  really mean it?
At home?
LOL Good Luck!
So what the hell is Warrior Dash?
omg 8 more tweets to 200
Music Video Shoot this Sunday for my hit song Club Rockin'!
i've lost my todo list...
i guess i'll just pace around in circles till i pass out.
Never wanted you more than NOW !!!
Thanks so much for helping me too!
m toes:
When you interview a CEO for Inc., the biz mag,  when he sighs, disappointed, to learn u're not from Inked, the tattoo mag, u're alive now.
Nick Perry is a very talented USC Trojan turned Green Bay Packer.
Let the MatthewsPerry campaign begin.
Consequences of living with  leaving the apartment without a coat if it's over 40 degrees..
And ending up FREEZING
I wish I could accrue followers as fast as !
I gusse I'm single for the night ...
u can sit on my middle finger for the night .
Happy Birthday Dave Gahan!!
The sexiest ugly man alive!
The sound of rain is soothing
Looking forward to connecting.
You've always been positive and professorssional to work with.
Take care!
Big Pimpin 2012 this evening at Lunar!!
Even if you want to stay in, there's no school tomorrow so don't miss out!
See EVERYONE tonight!
Kevin is gonna doctorw you something on
Happy Friday!
Let us warm your soul tonight with our legendary,ailment curing,La Salita exclusive,Turkey Soup,or perhaps some Carne Adovada!
I would so come if I weren't headed to New York that night.
back it up, now let me see your hips swwwiiiinnngggg.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Don't let the heat cause you to make any rash decisions!
Take it easy and enjoy your Labor Day weekend :
Happy Friday everyone!
Just watched 's first show.
Touching interview with amy winehouse's parents.
Can't wait for tomorrow's show!
Pat Riley is such a G.
Most of these niggas is dick riders
Why Niggas Keep Askin Me If I Gotta Attitude?
Is That Vibe I'm Givin Off?
Ya quiero ver Married To Jonas GOD!
:' They are BACK BITCH :3
Join us tonight for our NYEve celebration!
LiveMusic with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!
Sad news today with the passing of Jim Stynes, a true AFL champion!!
Had the pleasure of meeting him once, such a gentleman!
We're all about to spend a whole lot more accessing video in the cloud
too busy w/today's language lesson to play with it
i know.
Super cute3
right there with ya homegirl.
Chelsea and Paris StGermain at Yankees Stadium in July
Rice cakes are bomb .
Jared Jeffries trying to make a layup is like watching someone slamming a revolving door
4 calls, 1 hour later, my flights to Asia are booked!
Taipei bound 6/7, US bound from Singapore 7/30!
90sproblems  Everyone in the house trying to eaves doctorp on your phone conversation
Aaron Goldberg is one of the most fluent pianists of his generation.
Money from strangers
and some of those nuts are covered in chocolate.
You would think that their cold but guess not lol
If you don't like what I say or how I say it, then so what.......that's life...
Back to Northview to watch I've seen a different  much more determined Mikey Jones since the season ended.
Hard work will pay.
I view ear protection as mandatory here at sxsw in Austin,TX volumes are way too high in most cases  ear plugs  5  hearing  priceless
I wanna watch twilight!:
Love hard or not at all!!
A man in the house is worth two in the street.
BOYZAREBACK !
AH!
OMG I CAN'T WAIT!
when will you be in LA?
DM me trying to book you to host one of my venues
Thanks for your order today Lakesha B in MD!!!
Thanks for all your hard work!
Sharon van etten playing in starbucks...
there's no in nyc so I know it's not on the radio!
: Our daughter Rose turns 12 today!
Happy Birthday to Rose!
Hope your family can celebrate in hope!
I'm skeptical.
I want to hear more about this.
Because if it's true as is, I think it's overblown.
Yes!
RT : The Octomom said the Tanning Mom needs to take parenting classes.
Then she fingered herself on camera for money.
hahaha awesome.
Going to start using that :D
What are you trying to tell us?
Do you have an unfun surprise for your husband when he gets back home?
Chellie Campbell workshop tonight!
hahaa I thought so..
thanks for the mention.
Why Niggaz Alwayz Think They Lil Songs They Don Recorded In They Basements Sum Hits Nigga Go Catch A Plane To Mexico lol
don't make me cry.

You just wanna give the business while I just want to cuddle why not both
I tell myself to try talk to a girl.
But I'm scared when it comes to girls.
I'm gay.
I was going to visit you after work, but I guess your phone is dead.
Anyways, I love you!
Sweet doctorams love.
3
Just finished what felt like the mother of all scenes.
I like to make the people around me better
I don't know wats funnier; sum1 asking the kid if they have chia pets or him being so young he doesn't know wat they r
I dislike when I tell ppl that I am indecisive about motherhood  they act like its the end of the world oO
It's not my fault you don't understand hair
Still have time to make a valentines guitar strap or two.
Sweeter than candy for sure!
Hehe o.
:3 well go kick so butt in a few weeks and show em whos boss then lol.
3 do u have a utube channle?
go read what I put on your tumblr post that i reblogggeeeddd.yup
email me
I'm freezing..
Families are like fudge  mostly sweet with a few nuts.
hit my phone
I hate when flies look at me and rub their hands together; I feel like theyre conspiring against me!
She's ugly 
Doesn't Peyton deserve more respect from the Colts than he's getting?
Bitches.
Kush.
Green.
Clocks SPRING ahead tonight.
:
reds reds reds reds reds reds reds
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
Benjamin Franklin
I wrote zero words today.
But I had several breakthroughs anyway ...
daydoctoraming about characters away from the tools can help.
This is a huge fail for the local GOP leadership...
Big Knock Kid!
RT All I Get Is Cheese Like Im Taking Pictures !
I'm bringing him here Sterb.
Write that down.
lol of course
Tsss Niqqas jumped My Boy Shitt About To Get Real Friday 
lmao.
I think he was thinking more about me getting out of the way lol
You miss 100 percent of the shots u never take.
agreed.
He is one of the best in the biz.
That's my favorite because 4 1 I don't look as ugly in their and also because well the picture just has meaning doesn't it seem
u better lmfao
There are coconut MMs?
My life...its being summed up in words.
have you heard anything serious about Cards interest in P.
Manning?
Money can't buy happiness..
but I'd much rather cry in a mansion.
Sometimes I wonder how it feels to get notices by that would make my life rememberable if he does notice me.
Plz notice me :
I miss you tushie!
it was delicious!!
Starting on some more logo concepts.
haha dont you judge me ms sara
What would you do if you knew you would die tomorrow?
Good for you, Laura!!!
LOL.
Hopefully not that bad...
but lineup is a letdown.
RT : River's Edge is the Brick of summer festivals
so much more fun when you dislike someone and they dislike you back rather than them being oblivious to your hatred of them
uhh, kinda awkward here :
glad you liked the workshop!!!
I love my sleep 
some guy named is invading our neck of the woods tonight.
I'm declaring that St.
Paddy's Day starts now.
Happy birthday !
To the most amazing wife a guy could ask for!
Hope your day is great!
pretty good hockey game despite my hatred for both sides
F I never thought I'd say this but I'm jot ready to go to Hollywood lol especially not this Wednesday morning well here we go
here's hoping!
ready to see you to
2 Cincy players, 4 Illini players, even some loser from Midwestern State...not one player from Michigan, Michigan State, or OSU doctorfted 0o
4.5 hours later and House Ed committee has yet to start.
I won't promise I promise
a very unknowing contractor just barely escpaed setting me off when interupting my smoke break.
That place is old new been there done that if you want the freshies you gotta cup the custom boys
yeah!
Rock on!
Decision to defer launch of website for 710 days, pending addtl edits, footage and revamp of certain sections.
Wait will be worth it!
:
JanPro Sac is honored to provide cleaning services to WEAVE.
: Nicole saw our tweets...
doomed.
Hahahashs I see al
Kale is wonderful.
A little almonds, some flavored olive oil, almonds, cranberries.
Yum times.
It'd be like dating myself.
I'm soo annoyed
Good morning!!
What's everyone up to today?
:
6 hours, 17 inning, position players pitching and countless laughs  curse words.
wassssuppppp my home skillet biscuit?!:
One day you will see it has finally all come together.You will look back at what has passedas yourself How did I get through all of that?
Get a room.
yes, like damages but darker.
equal quality in production, acting and story.
Please help feed the hungry in our area today through our NBC 15 Share
my name...was on...the case.
229 round trip and 49 a night for hotel haha
This weather is SICK!
Final rallycome celebrate in community with us.
I wasn't upset about that black cat crossing my path but mouthing you're fucked as he passed was just rude
Book your child a gingerbread workshop over winter break while you shop, cook, workout etc!!!
Everyone wins!!!
Its my pleasure, Dave.
Thank you for the great post!
Wishing you a great week ahead!
I know.
That's crazy.
I'm wearing cuttoffs and TOMS right now.
I must be pretty hot.
I believe our assistive technology can help you.
Would you be interested in learning more about it?
Insider network exec says Katie Couric leaving in June.
What do you think?
To forgive and accept injustice is cowardice.
Mohandas Gandhi
about time I know folks who have been on welfare for over 10 years and continue to have babies!
2.
User experience, 3.
A lot of material is still not available online
I absolutely love how Zayn always ends his tweets with 'x.' It's too adorable.
I'm doing well.
Figured i would spend some time with my favorite folks tonight
Me, Gabbie,  Sean just squeezed onto the first bus!!!
YESS!!!
I think Anthony Davis's unibrow might have superpowers...
CLEARLY someones wasted if they text me sayin I'm wasteef...get it together!
Damn Chris Bosh is out!
Smh
I want to go home.
We appreciate your support for doctor Klatt, Jessica.
If you ever need anything, I mean anything!
please don't hesitate to ask someone else first....lol
Apprenticeship Now!, 5 minute Ignitestyle talk.
Alla Zollers,
be quiet cutie
I bet it'll be dope.
Instagram that shit when you're done!
is at work!
Active and ready to go!
On the streets of Houston para El Show de Raul Brindis y Pepito!
it's actually the company you keep
Chris Brown  Sweet Love
S/O 2 for always speaking the truth.
Stop Grappin'
oh yea its on Wed I thought it was thurs my bad boo well nvm I was going to say come to the palms for a show me n brandon r in
FF Some of our fav Boston folks
Now that Sarkozy is out it can only mean France automatically got fixed, right?
'Cos he was the problem.
So as a sysadmin I have to ask why compute fibonacci numbers to begin with?
I was earlier!!
I think you should sing an adele song!
do they have anything where u live....besides alcohol.
Nah ?
My bad
Love the muni, just got attacked by a woman on the 45.
I need to get a parking spot
I'll be right over ;
I need another job.
Any suggestions?
ill let you know later, I'm kinda complicated with ppl in town.
Let me see what's up.
I owe you one.
Lol
God helps those who help themselves.
Anyone.
For.
Tchani.
Now!
Trying to study while watching The Voice, its not working out.
I really need to turn off this tv
RIP 's Bent  a smartly written show with a great supporting cast and an absolutely tepid marketing campaign which exhibited neither.
I just got made fun of by for wearing my Vibrim's
Feel sneaky hiding fact I didn't wash my hair today  that's why it's in a bun w/ a cute headband.
Yeah, Sade singing SMOOTH OPERATOR...
VERY GOOD MUSIC
Kyle O'Quinn
I do!...
it's amazing.
welp, time to sit back and watch the show.
Believe you can wins the Kentucky Oaks!
Hey that suspension is bs and I'm a ravens fan..they should have a flag football league for the commish
: Omg cannot believe I just found the Latin American Studies office an hour....
everything's coming up roses ;
The night fairy by laura amy schlitz.
I read an actual print book!
Come to our next event!
My mom has no idea I'm currently on my way to surprise her in San Diego.
I guess she will when she sees this!
And I have surprises!!!!!
Wow that Intel commercial was racist
Today in Literary History: On April 29, 1875 TRANSATLANTIC SKETCHES by Henry James was published.
i DMed you DM me back please
Whiskey.
Comedy.
Karaoke.
Hey peeps!
If you're bombin' around ATX today, be sure to swing by and look for our new threads along with more cool stuff!
follow back sexy ?
is playing fictionary in the library
Sounds like a great idea to us!
You only live twice.
Once when you are born and once when you look death in the face
thank you fag!
A New Beginning is now accepting donations.
Inquire at the following addoctorss:
thanks for the homie and the shout out.
I appreciate that for sure
I wish I was mister Corbin, leader of the jazz army.
Unfortunately, it's taken.
Meanwhile, Columbus and Dick's Den!!
Follow us on the twitterverse!
Can't wait to hear from you!
its gonna look great.
When Focus reaches 500 followers, we'll choose 1 random follower to receive a full page ad in Issue 21 in Focus.
RT to your followers!
Yes!
Also this one: Apply tomato sauce to palms.
Run hands through hair in swirling motion.
Laugh maniacally.
Oh Mia I just adore that competitive side of you!
Win Dark Shadows w/ Johnny Depp Midnight Movie passes next on Kiss 97.3
I heart Scandal.
Remember when t.v.
was both well written and acted?
I don't make errors
Sometimes you gotta roll
As Republicans turn their back on the Enlightenment GOP is turning into the party of the uneducated: http//:dlvr.it/14RhVL
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants.
Can I get into yours?
I just saw the polar express pass my house.:
fine.
if they haven't run out I'll get you one.
Wow!
That was too close.
yeah there was no happiness after the fact
Yes!
An mini audience could add some punch!
Getting ready for my edugurusummit presentation!
Dear dad what kind of food do you think they serve on a UFOs?
What do aliens eat?
Hi  left VCM 10AM CST  call when you can...
:
Minn.
AG cites Accretive for debt tactics  The Associated Press
Vidal Sassoon may they spread your dandoctorff  ashes in the sea
6 mOre hours and im back in l.a but my baby ariess keeps me laughing33
thoughts on a sports digital firm that trains athletes on sm that will eventually build enterprise software on sm training as well
quite possibly true
I need a new bass guitar
can never count out pops but Memphis can upset them again.
Them OKC boys got the west this yr.
Friendly gentlemens wager?
Come on Ryan Dunn?!?
This is not how you're supposed to go out
Someone posted on fb This song always makes me cry.
Wanted to comment Me too...
for different reasons.
Who pays attention to Cher?
She thought Mt Rushmore was a natural occurance.
He's been a Rocket for like 30 minutes  he's quickly becoming one of my favorite Rockets ever.
RT : camby is a monster
How was the show?
;D
Thanx xoxo RT : good for you!!!
RT Feels greats over 2 weeks w/out a smoke, I think.
Stoppd keepin track.
Not anymore :'
it looks like a nail biting experience 
I can't dm my phone being weird so ill just tweet it!
Looking for people to tryout our workouts for free, DM if interested.
Join the future of fitness.
And how bizarre that anyone does!
My techer says yeah after like every sentence lmao
FF
Let's go Thunder!
Absolutely!
Great content, glad to pass it along!
I just want to remind everyone that you're beautiful!:
it couldn't happen til next year, he'll be away until October
I'll kick the crap outta Clayton.
The single most important factor in the success of a company is its people.
It all starts with you as the entrepreneur and flows from...
I'm jelly beans about your pizza aroma!
Excited for your wedding too!!
Hope to see ya soon :
recovering from the bloodshed last night.I still hold the title.Im still the champ.
Free agent pitcher Jason Marquis agreed to a 1 year deal worth 3 million with the Minnesota Twins
These cupcakes are freakin delicious!!!!
Eagles always my team, but I'll enjoy watching the Broncos this year.
If Bob Harlan were still in charge, I might agree.
But today's Packers don't seem to be as image conscious as Harlan was.
Paul vs Bachman.
I like it!
playing 20 questions just opens doors to interesting opportunities!
My man , I'm looking for that PT session.
Holla.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else.
I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Ken Venturi
Interesting : I want to be Kanye West when I grow up.
RT : Things moving so fast at , I forget to stop and thank all the great people we have.
So THANK YOU!
...SWAG Bitch
I'd be wasted every day of my life
:' you made me cry
im reading dis book call up 2 no good dis hoe good aszx hell best of them all.,!
Grown Folks Books Is What I Read :
TheDevilInside premire was crazy yesterday!
Saw it at 12:30am yesterday night;
It was sunny today when I got here.
At what point did Gmork and the Nothing show up?
oh there you are!!
It's beautiful!!
After last night I feel like the Cards have already won!
But what the heck let's win it all!
BSF and this project going to own the summer.
no sleep O.o
no problem :
Our reporter Clay Duda is tweeting from a juvenile justice conference today.
Follow him and/or the hashtag JJconf for updates.
You're sending us an invite?
Thank you so much!
If you're downtown please come by our place anytime!
not my fault you live way up north there ey, in the frozen tundoctor.
:
Well it's past midnight on the east coast so...Happy Andy Day!!!
Err...I mean Mother's Day!!
U know what is awesome, I just passed up a street called shenandoah.
They even reppin that doah in dtown.....bbbwwwwaaaaahhh!
hope your week is rockin!
At school learning these trade and generic doctorgs in phamacy class
That ball that hit in the top of the 5th looked like it 1hopped the Warehouse at CamdenYards.
Yankees up 32.
Shanon Harper for his performance in Welcome to Pine Hill.
Gas tank on  what's new.
The fact that I'm running late and in traffic is really making me less stressed.
Not
fuck i feel sick
I have this strange feeling that I am the only person on my team not interviewing at this moment.
Its a little strange.
Enjoy!
Thanks again for the business.
Thanks!
Hope to do a sneak preview screening in late february.
Please become a fan on facebook to hear about time and date.
getting ready for work
About to attend a brand new writer's group.
Nervous and excited to meet everyone.
and full fridge
YAY!
See you tomorrow!!
Sad that political divisiveness dissuades us from acting on issues such as Climate change that threaten our very way of life.
well, that is a great tie!
Watching the Happy Easter!
My bro needs to hurry up and get home.
Only thing that could save the Slam Dunk: Siamese Twin midgets trampoline dunking over the cast of the Brady Bunch.
One more day until 2012.
It is going to be a great year!
We will be teaming up with Bilotta Kitchens 3/29 to hold our Alternative Materials for Countertops seminar.
DM for more details!
good for you :
M the lab samples we tasted yesterday were delicious!
Just a little more tweaking!
Santa Monica in the spring, still too cold for my taste!
Kembe X, Alex Wiley, and face tat
At K  14th NW.
Four guys in suits are carrying large boxes of food and a table.
Should I follow them?
looking for auction items for Oct.
3rd, handcrafted items call 4145626100
Hey GIANTS fans like him or not he gave us everything.
BRANDON JACOBS on twitter:
Honestly im goin crazy thinkin im questioning everything in my life
: um allrighty then
you're welcome.
Looking forward to reading more of your great tweets!
thank you sir!
rocking good company.
: IfSheMeansALotToYou offer to buy her a huge farm, big trucks, and anything cute and fluffy.
Wow is this day/week over yet 3
Need help branding your music?
Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn branding tips that can help you get noticed!
And now I just realized, I could probably have gotten a pass for free through work.
Oh well.
It's only 65.
Is Facebook places the death of 4square?
Thinking about it last night after watching Social Network seems inevitable that FB wins
First workout since Vegas and STL Mardi Gras.
This is gonna hurt
Did you Know?
The average woman smiles about 62 times a day!
A man?
Only 8.
Kids laugh around 400 times a day.
Adults...just 15!
Don't tell me about ur accomplishments, tell me ur vices raahaahaa...
You're not perfect?
Well...
Congratulation!
It's ridiculous to want to be perfect anyway.
Just Enjoy and Have fun!
Frank Malgesini, on semantic ambiguities in a study of ICC among Mexican uni.
students: independence was not a positive trait
My head is tilted to the right because my left nostril is stuffy.
HA!
Apparently, I was fighting good song writing THERE so that we wouldnt have to fight it here!
Wish I could join you using that cock...
Heading out to Calvary Worship Center in New Port Richey for a super night of Worship!
Panic is starting to set in.
Life goes on with or without you.
Prince just got a really touching curtain call.
As a fan, that was the absolute hardest moment to not cheer in the press box.
It's offiicial  the lovely joins me, coanchoring 4pm News KOIN TV, starting in a week!
Welcome Jenny!
I have no life, I friggen tweet all day
Welcome to The Think Tank!
One more week....one more week.
Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one
Yeah, it's awful.
I'm always astonished to find people that like it.
Quad dominant.
I'm messican...we were born to clean lol
Were Ready :
Woohoo!
: Just got the email re: 2012 Virtual Conf./Youth Summit.
I'll be joining in from Tanzania w/ my classroom!
Our April Skillshare is full, but you can DM us to get on the waiting list.
Thanks for all the interest!!!
and that is exactly why they've prettyuch been useless in the past decade or longer.
They are scared.
it has always seemed kind of esoteric, true.
Was using git earlier and found myself in nanorealised I had no idea what was up!
when the M's had good products on the field.
Sounders doctorw a lot of crowd because the owners put good products
HIMYM 4 LIFE : How I Met Your Mother is my new obsession  jasonsegel
I just wanna fall back asleep, this is too fucking early for me.
9xs/10 women are judged based on her sex appeal and beauty NOT her credentials or her education!
Is That For Breaking Dawn Part 2 ???
:O
For most women the libido peaks just before menstruation.
Quick run to get this sundayfunday started!
woo hoo!
Microcell is up and working.
Yes, I can hear you now!
I love Saturday mornings
i think we might try to hit it up tonight.
haha.
their marketing ploy worked.
love ur tweets
Beautiful Liar by Beyonce and Shakira my Favorite....
My work is supposed to come out cooler since I'm working from Starbucks, right?
It is not!
For your info only
I'm blessed with a sinus infection, doctortells me today.
There's no way to make horsepill antibiotics  saline propellant awesome, is there?
Listen live or call in with your questions: 18004999246.
Thanks for the FF nod!
Activists in New Orleans have our support.
There as in NYC, horses are tools of cash commerce.
Gawd make it START.
About to watch Jeopardy on DVR.
Score some runs Mariners, ffs  it's fat bartolo colon.
sorry I was hacked!!
:
Think I'll go treat myself to a movie at the Budget...do people still go there??
ff for donating to fundoctoriser for
Our dog got one of those 'stache chew toys for Xmas, and promptly chewed the handlebars off.
He looked like doggy Hitler.
:O
u can say dat
Go Badgers big ten champs.
Rose bowl v Oregon should be good.
Monte ball 1 rushing TD away from most in season all time.
Naw I don't like her very much.
I know shes good but I don't like her design.
Too fugly :.
when was the last time u did that
MT If you missed the hilarious Twitter adventures of , it's archived here: quaxelrod.com/archive.html
I want a huge hotdog
Girls lacrosse: and combine for 10 goals to help Wilsonville take down Sherwood 1510.
Kniyon getting on my damn nerves her big ass need to sit the fuck down
: any chance you can STOP playing Friends in Low Places the K is pathetic enough on it's own.
ourtime.
Please
Finally saw the new Land Rover.
It seems super impractical.
I wanted one immediately.
please ck us out in Memphis simply grand music great soul/country/ Thanks
Ive been trying to find out what is there in life better than wine?
Nicholas
dinner  Venue in Denver on Friday.
Must have been a tough night for them.
Tough flank steak, tough duck....
If you discuss music or sports, I'm in.
I heard it was closing for two weeks because of possible flooding.
what?
You doubled your followers since last I looked?
At that rate you'll pass me in a month.
;
Grammys parties tons of fun...til next year !!!
...
good times!
It's midnight.
Bitter pill.
I need to check your house for termites soon.
Email me to set appt.
if you are in Madison, G'ville, or H'ville  or somewhere near there.
TYVM  have a great weekend all!
RT :
and explore the history of gay and lesbian activism in The Shadow Behind the Rainbow
My fucking phone is killing me.
I am about to suck it up and buy me a new one or get me an IPhone.
I just realized I'll be hardpressed to do any game reporting since my jaw is still shut and May sweeps is just around the corner.
doctort!
yes but many can never pay off their debt it becomes the gov's debt the fact still stands colleges know the gov will provide
At Historic Houseparts on South Ave.
Found it in the warehouse out back
About to watch the son of throw it down.
Let's see if he can live up to his dad's reputation.
I seriously can not wait for the summer.
I get to spend it with my favorite people :
So i can doctorve thru at the pharmacy for my scripts, but not for behind the counter cold meds.
Explainplease....?
The 1 thing I expected when MH came here was an Offense.
I've been very disappointed.
Am I getting one this year?
that's our leading brand too.
And that's about 20.
how immature!
CASCA SHOW TODAY.
DENVER.
Happyhour at sonic is okay but I'd rather do happyhour at the bar
crazy night over here Oo wowzers!!!!
: I'm dying to know what a Big Chicken Meeting actually entails?
And why does it need to last 5 hours?
Gov Beshear calls for crossstate and crosssector collaboration around commoncore standards and assessments
yes we are
A hip hop fighter yo rap fighter
aghhhh if we both go there we BETTER be hanging out!!!!
All the teams I want to see win the worldcup keep ending up in doctorw matches.
doctorWING IS FOR ART CLASS!
absolutely not.
But I can't tune in today, so feel free to give me an update on who this crazy person is
Oh look.
People cheer when overbearing Govt intrusions are overturned.
Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that will never happen.
..
I really dont remember what my life was like before ABDC season 6..
I wish would come back to CC..tired of the lame jokes/YouTube videos insults us with..oh, DT my score is tight..
Happy Oscar's Day!
AcademyAwards Good luck to all the nominees
Busy weeks!
Wedding, Fulbright, Letchworth, Coco Rosie.
Now GRE, letterpress workshop, and finally starting my job.
Plus, a flat tire!
miss you more
Is crazy good?
haha Thanks Rob!
Show tonight in Anaheim.
COME!
Thanks, Varun, good luck!
nom nom nom!!
Lol but for real!
We really do need to get together soon!:
Thanks for the love !
Goodies are comin soon soon, stay tuned!
Funny how things work out that way.
And there was I thinking you meant strong shoulders!
Off day.
: a little cleaning and some shopping and then snuggie and kindle time.
:
Follow me please:d FOLLOWED
I hate Nicolas Cage
A beautiful start to the 1st weekend of summer for many students graduating to their next grade.
Congratulations for the hard work!
hey!
We like you too :
Discipline Not Desire Determines Destiny  doctor Charles Stanley.
Motivation for all you hardworking Sistas trying to make things happen!
fyi: planning to add modified data management plan and budget to the assignment next year
Nothin like jamming out to some Sublime in the complete dark reading HIGHdeas
It's 1130 on a Friday night.
I'm wasted and watching the Live with Kelly doctoram wedding special on dvr.
Might be crying.
I saw it last night.
Great movie.
I won't spoil the rest for you.
The perfect alternative to a checking accountBanKing a better way to Bank   
I have the worst memory ever..
Magic Johnson is going to own the Dodgers.
I can't even wrap my head around the awesomeness of this.
I've heard that too..
but what's slower..
slow sprint or throttled ATT?
She is ugly tho!!!.
Out picking up my stepmom Bday cake with my lil bro
it's a great thing!
Lol.
When I come home and my mom is in a bad mood.
love it!
Yep; Hmm ok refresh my memory, where and when?
Oh yes.
And he was Italian.
I'm glad to hear that.
We'll have to play when I come home for winter break
life's been a roller coaster but I think I'm finally making it out alright
not cute basic hoes not cute at all
Now watching Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders
Guys help!Should I buy a red or black phone case?
Boarded up windows after May Day protests.
New this am  how SPD is hunting vandals,  what group says fear mongering led to damage.
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if its worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it in until the morning.
What is your favorite Milwaukee restaurant?
Share with us!
congrats on making it another year!
Happy birthday.
don't recall 5000 supporters of the repair bill being here tonight.
Teddy was amazed by the Bumblebee Transformation today !
He cried because he wanted to see it again.
So success?
R Foundation Against Child Exploitation  Human Trafficking we offer rescue,resources  safe housing 2 human trafficking victims
They will tell themselves they got cheated and all will be right again.
They've done it for years.
Really hoping for a story that involves being outside today
Eating some delicious Pho right now
New Business Course!
Making Change Successful, not Stressful
Great meeting this AM!
True, but I think you're retroactively applying presentday frustration with AB to '11, when AWOL Pau was biggest issue by far.
RT : Nice to see using to reach 140,000 Clevel executives!
Reported on ://t.co/jjXzkpsW
He wrote reports on math, English, History.
His claim to fame was the research that kids who spelled better did better in school
When I read about the evils of doctornking, I gave up reading.
Henny Youngman
Thanks!
But it was our awesome district techs who came up with the instructions.
They are super smart.
:
My students and I really enjoyed the Standing Up Shorts today at college day!
Getting to Frankfurt feels like obtaining political asylum.
Good riddance Israel.
Yup.
waking up to half a dead mouse.
or idiotic.
Did kellen Moore for reals not get doctorfted????
haha now alls I need is a picture of you :
some one called me yesterday  idk who it was 
Hey BROther.
You listen to terrible music.
Love love LOVE making true connections, matching live voice w/tweets RT : I miss you  our GirlsMediaChat convos
when are you free ?
checkout going merciless on NoMercy killed it!
In lighter news, just interviewed the lovely for her new book, The Darlings.
Highly recommended look at the lives of the 1
I still love you even though you put your peanut butter in the fridge.
Freak.
forget  forgive.
love  laugh.
smile  live.
for life is short and we r never promised tomorrow.
:
Hoodie!
When are you coming back to the Chi?!
i can't believe i missed your show!
I still need to get Beach House tickets for Sunday.
I guess I'm going?
call Virginia!
She's back in town : on her cell
imagine You: ALLY WILL YOU MARRY ME?
Justin: what?!
You: what did I say?
Justin: Ally will u marry me...
You: YES OF COURSE!
JB: wait what!
99 of dick riders n groupies actually believe or wont admit they are..
I salute the 1
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Next white duo in the game!
Check it out , Support good music!
Indeed.
Avengers was awesome!
RT RT : Joss Whedon should be in charge of making ALL OF THE MOVIES.
Yes it does.
Single life does have its perks but it would be nice to have a girlfriend.
Glad you could make it.
Share your thoughts with UChicago.
: President Zimmer talk tonight
If not someone else takes that chance of opportunity and makes more out of it then you did !!
mirrors dont count?
why not
I love the Cannoli man!
RT Who out there has photos of Frank Pepperoni Cannoli Guy Pecoraro!?!
DM please!
Took that last year, it's no fun lol RT : Ap bio exam tomorrow...
ha thats a joke
hello!
my mom is an artist and I'm sending her your info ; blessings
I think Matt Hunter is the cutest thing ever.
LOL J.S
FWD: Yay!
Today is PETA's 30th anniversary!
: Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today.
Spread the word!
3 peta2
that is an AWESOME pic!!!
: Let's try this one more time with correct spelling, I've composing in quarantine for 18'hrs just like David Blaine
WhyDoiAlways go after girls that don't want me?
Kieboom with a nice shot to midleft field, scores 2.
Clemson still on top of 1 FSU, 81 B4.
WELL A BIG FUCK TO YOU TOO THEN!
I love my boyfriend.
: im so lucky to have him in my life.
Gonna need pics!
hot damn!
Can't wait.
nice!
Hope you enjoy the app!!!
All of us at CRUX felt much the same way.
Who do I know in Minnesota???
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.
Nietzsche.
Politicians  each hum  their favorite note  hoping it sounds different  this time.
remember when you used to com the su on a lil hang hi slay pro....yep i pulled that outta no where
: i wonder what the person i'm gonna marry is doing
hell i wouldn either its cold as hell up there lol
Did my first coffee run as an intern!
Columbus Symphony PicnicwiththePops this Fri  Sat features a new jazz composition by principal trumpeter Tom Battenberg!
You'll love it!
You a stupid mutha fucka for lettin this thing pass you by.
Interrogation!
Using puns and contextual clues, Rachel and Kristina will need to guess a crime they didn't even know they committed.
poker night is my favorite!
I think that's the best Infuse we've ever had at !!
Gotta love the 80s 
Rahhhh!!
5 hours till my Long as journey!!!
While we look to the doctormatist to give romance to realism, we ask of the actor to give realism to romance.
I don't plan to have these type of issues outta AgnesEstelle
The Phillies are playing an invisible team today.
Looks weird.
Can't see the

I need to ask Margaret if she can do my makeup for graduation!
she told Olivia what she needed to hear tho.
I kind of liked it.
think fast u might hear ur self but only if ur stupid or doctornk lmao
that's nice
I love a quesadilla!
So many different things you can put inside!!
omg watching the end of wowp is actually making me cry i watched it since it first started why is it ending ?
:,
Going to play Memphis today, and should come watch
In the meantime, I'm horny and lonely.
This really sucks.
:
This train isn't even movingg!
We have excellent delivery service 99 of the time.
But it's a tricky operation and there are hiccups.
What happened w yours?
Last chance for Gold Sponsorships for Banner Day ...
call 8882121 for details or www.worldchampionfans.com
I'm happy with how my life is going.
whatzz up i having a kca's vote ur favorite singer and vote like the wind!!!
I survived the symposium at Robert Morris today.
Jessie from Black Dog  Chef Derek from Atwood made it easy!
Thanks you guys!
Friday night funn!!!!!
Start your night right with tha company of one of our beautiful ladies..
what's the details of your may 9th show?
I've waited 6 years to see you!
Every job is a selfportrait of the person who does it.
Autograph your work with excellence.
The rain makes me melt.
dinner at 10pm  sure!
Back at you my dear friend!!!
Hugs
Time for a nice run in this weather
I have a wedding to attend!
Cool story bro .
You bet!
Forget love...
I'd rather fall in chocolate.
anything for you!
Least thing I can do for you, after all these yrs you have help me out!
So thank you
its dumb the reason is even more stupid.
doesnt even make sense
Steelers, doctorfting controversey since, well forever!
thanks John !
Thanks!
RT : BB5 Users: We are aware of an issue that isn't allowing you to post your updates to social network.
We're on it!
we can make magic happen ....I'd like to see that sometime haha
Real tired of conference realignment.
The grass isn't always greener for basketballonly schools.
Big thanks to for having us out at the Grand Opening of store 500.
Thanks also for the 2000 donation!
Follow
wish you were too!
No need to play the race card.
Let's play the historical accuracy card.
said on MSNBC with Sharpton
OK, but I must ask that you leave your Bozo nose ringer on high ALL DAY  sneeze like you're trying to put out a forest fire.
Were you hanging out with Irvine Welsh??!!
No sleep :
Bout to hit 2012 in the face...
Aint gonna know what hit em
This is going to require that I get a smartphone, right?
Please say yes.
I can use it as leverage with my accountant.
its ohkay p Hmm I would have to say I would love to be princess aurora
lol ice cream for breakfast?
ur such a badass ;
We going to the game tomorrow?
3 seats in section 428 row O available for 125.
Freedom at last.
No school for me until Monday.
Then the cycle starts all over again 
thanks, I'm sure I'll hate it by March.
the problem with this country is a man like Mitt has the money from work to buy a car elevator.and thats bad thing..no wonder we are in debt
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
actually your right Shannon, never mind stay at home carahhhh lol
Had to get a refund at Hershey Park because I didn't fit in any of the rides.
A chocolate company thinks I am too big, That ain't right.
Individual investors can succeed trading stocks.
The heady foolishness of Wall St.
pros like mister Rattner makes it easy.
yes it does it sucks hairy balls xD
Oh dishrack, how I despise you so
damn mofos try way too hard to be supposedly different now a days and end up looking ratchet as f
We have many vegetarian options, such as the Asparagus  Artichoke Heart Penne.
Try this light and seasonal dish today!
delicious food
Bouta release some brand new tracks, and Ima push it hard.
be on the look out, YoungSoulz and JSantiago is about to take over,
You EARN everything you achieve.
Keep working!
Sweet baby Jesus, I'm locked inside the bar!!
The happy hour chicken wings kicked in last night and I passed out sitting on the can!
Want.
RT : Thanksgivings second favorite piePecan!
Moist pecan cake gets a shot of caramel and a caramel French buttercream.
Really wanted to attend the LBSC thingamajig tonight, but had to interview a teacher.
At least I did something productive.
Wentworth: I'm convinced that in the future we will pass in Texas.
RT : Humanity is cool, airport employee still pauses in his work every time a plane lands.
just wondering if your balls smelled like vagina cause you know shit about football loser!
haha no problem if u ever want another just ask:
Woke up at 3:30am, arrived  Miami NortwesternSeniorHighSchool, Had a hugerole in an 800person ServiceProject, got home  5pm, took a nap,
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle.
is in the house.
Watch out grocery stores, you'll be providing a better customer experience before you know it.
How do I help kids who have so much be thankful for what they have?
Can any of us really appreciate all we have?
Giving thanks today/always
Looking forward to being nickel and dimed to death.
Hope to see you all at the flea market tommorow AKA The mile high marketplace.
Not gonna lie.
If I suddenly come into a small fortune, I'd have a cottage in Mendocino and only visit SA for the friends.
not diggin the last part sir
Hope everyone has a good night!
That's how good yo' ass is.
its my bday!!!!!!!
i cant believe im actually 13 took me long enough!!!!
Publish, publish, publish  and pass my area exam and defend my prospectus
Kevin Durant is still the MVP.
Tune most likely to get me on dance floor?
Once you get Started Chaka Khan  Rufus
holla.
will probably be in work duds.
Amstel Light now on tap at The Coney...
Hello, old friend!
omg!
I was at the grocery store last night and saw the exact brand of hot chocolate!
I'm plowing ahead with the books because I'm a book guy first and forever.
But I didn't read GoT until after I watched S1.
I did not know that downtime is one word.
As in, I could really use some downtime with just me and some absinthe today.
Answer you phone ass holes!
Steve Roach can use cactus rain sticks, too, but I'll bet 's take will be a bit less 'tribal.
Can We Pretend That Airplanes In The Night Sky Are Like Shooting Stars?
I Could Really Use A Wish Right Now...
Spent a big part of the day making marketing videos with my new Flip video camera.
Now I get to edit.
Yay!
:
Just finished day 3 in the studio recording our next album!
Boy, are you gonna dig what we are cooking up...
HBCUFollowTrain if you plan on buying rent with your refund hahaha
some shocks..
But I like the OX.
Shocked bout no crouch n carrol n terry n not rio.
: on stage singing about weed and willie nelson....why not Bus songs.
Excellent!
Just gonna be myself, make a good impression, meet some good people, find an open job that fits me, and go where the Lord leads me
Can't wait...US Women World Cup, ABQ Journal says 12:45pm today!
Barbara Berrie: developments in chemistry  art have always been intertwined.
...
Do not skip meals.
Not eating enough can actually slow down your results.
...
Your WeightLoss Coach
Thank God for waking me and my love ones up this morning!!!
What would you do if you win megamillions?
It's sure nice to doctoram.
Sadly, odds are greater I'll get eaten by a giant python.
...
good day sunshine !!!
good day sunshine !!!
I am about to order these Ching's Hotwings in a minute!
The season kind are so good, man.
hey will u do me a favor and follow for me, were trying to get each other as many followers as we can :
Fun fact, AJ Ellis lives in Franklin.
RT Tonight  6 on AM600 w/Chris Reed on how council cleared the way 4 no reform  where this tax could go  anywhere.
What's the best thing you ever got halfpriced?
If you're traveling this winter your answer will be OUR HOTEL!
www.hotelhalfoff.com
...
and if ya activate ya faith in God, ya faith'll start movin things!
My Dad .lol I'll never get this outta my head now...
sun is setting at a cafe on the baysunsetSIA's BREATHE plays have a warm coffee writing's on tap, all I have 2 do is just let it flow
how long does the poster take to come usually?
I got my shirt/bracelet more than a month ago and still no poster...
Tax day is almost over, but you can still get 10 OFF everything in our webstore if you put tax in the coupon code!
Today only!
Austin and i are cursed.
2 trips.
2 long flight delays.
I will not kiss u cuse the hardest part of this is leaving u
oh okay lol
Gotta love watching a football game on tv being played in the snow while sitting on the couch with a cup of hot chocolate by the fire.
It's raining in Madison, be prepared for indoor practice if weather doesn't clear up.
Dad: u act like justin is ur God!
Me:Omg but he is!!
Dad: Ur obsessed  lol
thank u ..
happy mothers day to u too
thanx for the link  1.usa.gov/vir0OH I'm working on some interactive tools in this area...
need to get back in the usability lab!
i hate the : nose in the smileys.
that sounds good!
I go back in to change the email and I can not 'cause no pass word so I can not get an email to reset password, now what?

its happening again...
That's a problem.
Jazz, Deconstructed begins NEXT WEDNESDAY!!
Come to the Kosmos and check out UFO Ensemble!
7pm.
Tractor Brewery on tap!
Ran 11.5 miles this morning with the regular group  a few new faces.
Everyone seemed so happy today.
admit guys.
theres been one disney star girl u wanna fuck
I'm not feeling being at home right now, but nobody else is on vacation yet .
I ain't saying she a gold digger but she ain't messing with a broke nigg...
Wait ....
damn it Kim.
holy shit your right.
Oh man.
What three adjectives would you use to describe your organization's culture?
Hey thanks for mentioning my blog post!
Much appreciated.
How about you provide a comment instead of attacking us for trying to enable a discussion.
Hey pdxmusic/indiescene!
We could all learn a thing or two from these highschoolers.
At the dinner table: jokes about underage titrating and promiscuous oscillation.
Looking forward to reading it when it hits the shelves.
wingsover afterburner sauce hits the spot
a word's just a word, until you mean what you say.
:
Parents needing services for your child in public school, remember one very important thing: They Are The Gate Keepers Of The Money.
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY!!!
send him both and let him decide which one to play.
Smh misterComplicated
LORD help me..
Yeeeeaaahhhh I just take the license plate off my mama car and put some blankets in the window
I think I had an ephiphany or two!
Thanks to all MCNers.
Safe journeys home.
3rd quarter of Game 3 of playoffs brutal for Magic.
Pacers up 7655, start of the 4th quarter
Still have tickets to give away 4 the Tailgate Bash this Sun at the Balloon Museum!
Send an email w name and email to .
27 min left in half 1 and forest park ties it up with OP 11 girlssoccer allmet goal by Vanessa Kovar
Thank u.
Love ya and miss u
please tell me that's your art in your AVI
I hope you are right about corporate humanism.
I'm skeptical!
I spent 10 minutes lifting weights.
33 calories burned.
that's wonderful me too.
You going home.
broke out the stash of northern lights x purple kush.
Live life so completely that when death comes to you like a thief in the night, there will be nothing left for him to steal.
Indeed.
These are truly healing, aren't they...
So much on my mind
Tip 1 Targeted Stretching: Stretch only what's too tight and you'll see better results.
Find out more from the Active experts in...
GameChange.
Great acting from all.
going on gut instincts, where I'm hardly ever wrong....Dad has something to do w/ it.
this is what's up!
Kandi is doing it!
I love successful women...
Oh , you're so lucky to have me
i checked it out shit go hard!!!
Even the wisest counsel is useless when it is unheeded
Hey!
Finally getting around to watching Hotel Corpus Christi.
Um...can't wait to see what you do with this one.
Wow.
:
RT : crew Good God, people are jumping from the ship into the sea.
They will all perish in the ice cold water
Ball So Hard Make A Niggha Wanna Find Me!:
GreysonMMag Are you a good doctorwer?
yeah, since we don't have big venues unless they have 2 dates.
most likely Cali will get gold
six months of flow is no longer attached to my head
is a Social Media Brand Management company that makes managing  growth of your social media presence Affordable  Viral
is there any chance you will come to Memphis or Tunica area anytime soon ?
Thank you.
Bieber in Proactiv commercials: he surprises teenage girls with bags of Proactiv?!!
That's just too good.
I blame Kony
RT : ...requiring kids to turn in every assignment is a more responsible practice than giving zeros when they don't..
none of them could be president they have Oedipus complexes like
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
Might use symptoms checklist, ask about past/present problems w/ rating scales, or medical exam to rule out other causes.
I swear i go runnin at the smell of food before my dog does
Haha good luck!
I played my whole life and still hit the ball over the wall...
Las Vegas
ActorStuff: Don't be generous to impress.
Just be generous.
Definitely, I'm well.
We need to connect next time you're in nyc or when I'm on your coast.
what's your  for todays's Marriage America conference?
I can't wait to see it!!
Sounds amazing!
:D

you should most definitely be rooting for cuse.
i think they only wear orange on the road, though.
Genability can provide inexpensive and secure technology for getting pricing data to your customers.
Best tweet ever.
I would happily start a movement to work from there.
The Creamery has nothing on our counters  Awful Awfuls.
The ratio of a circle to its diameter happens at 3.133.15.
Pi.
A rainbow curves in this pattern with violet manifesting the pot of gold.
Working with a client tomorrow on strategic plan.
How's your plan coming this year?
Are you tracking your results?
Modifying?
Abandoning?
Carmel and Homestead in the regional final!
Dam we just blue a 18 point led
Thinking I should order tickets for the film festival this weekend, but haven't had time to read the listing yet
I'm not really a fan of gambling lol.
Have any ideas though?
Her mouth said I love you, but her eyes said I wish you'd founded Instagram.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 12 PIZZA!!!
14in any toppings!
Just 15 for delivery, see you there!
Let us come into his presence with thanksgiving; let us make a joyful noise to him with songs of praise!
Psalm 95:2
Vinyl is the new black.
Due to tech physical music instruments are becoming a novelty
SF is going to be awful next week.
Dbags in jeans  sport coats will descend on downtown.
that hurt I aint gonna front for twitter.
But We still beat yall tho, and we didnt get swept last season 
Work in a couple hours!
No.
ha.
That moment When your Crush accepts the fact that he likes you .
Did you feel the tremors from last night's earthquake?
omg ma dad would go nutz
I should probably go to bed sometime
you can't even talk yet what do you know about that?
Lol
Any man who can see through women is sure missing a lot.
Recently had the pleasure of meeting Katrina Gulliver.
I am happy to meet you virtually!
Paradise by is the most devilishly infectious, terribly magnetic, and horribly catchy song.
hey do you guys have any plans to add in keyboard shortcuts for boomerang for gmail?
that would be awesome, i would love it!
Creative minds don't forget to check out zazzle.com, a place to customize your designs and work, for others to buy, they ship and pay .
People that get upset when you unfollow them and they wasn't even following you back 
I'm not!
You just don't get it!!!
Heading out to 's meet  greet!
Gonna be at Basic right?
refugee mothers who's toddlers about to undergo heart surgeries..
not being able to speak n properly communicate cld doctorve ppl off the wall
Good night twitterettes and twitterudes ...
Its midnight and past my bedtime ; haha
Cue AC/DC!
rofl
A good point, well made.
Jennifer is pussy AF !she wudda got ha ass beat for suing sum1 for slapping her!she irks me hard ha pussy ass need to get punched in the gut
You said I love you I said it to the only thing is I didn't lie to u
zombie apocalypse tip 126: if in a house alone, make sure you are quiet and keep lights off at all times.
DONT doctorW ATTENTION TO YOURSELF!
So has someone got a download for SWATH MTV yet, in one video?
try again!!!!
that's totally mindblowing, man.
pretty much taking a 4hr nap here.
Worth it.
I dislike you all
message me on facebook!
Tired, so so tired!
And it's time to get up
Thanks for the plug today!
:
Wow San Antonio!
: is definitely chugging along!
Agreed, we shall chat...
very, very soon.
RT Remember: a break up is an opportunity to trade up!
Love that idea.
Can't wait to experience w/ 2 of my fav MKEfoodies!
RT let's go there when it opens!
I deduce you like the Hobbit.
They're also making the Runelords movie, if you've read it.
Vote on the actors
i love when the TT are for a good causes stopkony im overwhelmed  it proves that their is ppl who still care.
so what's everyone done/doing tonight or whatever
Triple Crown Volleyball would like to congratulate Emily Wilson for joining us in our 2012 sand program with the 14U Team
Pedi with the family:
RT: Feel ugly?
Go chill in walmart for 2 hours.
You'll feel A LOT better
Amazing every time.
RT : wow Jo lee was off the hook and j Lo looking good tonight
Loofah Cookie is so lucious and also smells like you could just be tempted to take a tiny bite out of it.
But don't you'll be talkin bubbles
Bitch I just called u  New hair color coming soon!
Won tickets to the beastie boys screening at the troc tomorrow.
Can't go now.
What a bummer.
I'm telling you Jesus still protectsprovides.
Give Him a try
good luck mane hope the grizzlies handle their business tonight!
NowPlaying Massive Attack.
Teardoctorp.
RIP Adam MCA Yauch.
Wow.
So sad.
The man whom I thought was the love of my life doctorined my bank account and left me wIth nothing.
Be careful ladies!
Sometimes i dont care but at the same time i do:/
like what?
And don't let it get the best of you
You got a mountain of debt in front of you as of now?
You just said there was two people on your twitter?
Why are so many people STUPID???
I mean is it a Fad or something???
Crying over
While most you dudes looking for a im looking for assets...
Wow.
John Ensign's a big ole cheater.
So much for family values.
lolz...fuck our lives right now
Truer words have never been stated.

Thinking about getting a kidsized captainin America costume and trying to squeeze into for Halloween this year.
Shouldn't you still be celebrating lfc glory?
Aug Co  Stn Dems on 2012 GA: deep partisanship.
Right wing extremists control Va GOP.
Dems to fight GOP
Never get someone's name tattooed on you.
Poppe Easter in one word.
aw thanks for following, I followed back :
I knew Shane Mosley wouldn't get knocked out
hey, thanks for the follow bro :
My grants department is having success!
We've been awarded 3 new federal grants, with a total beginning FY11 of over 5.85 mil.
god bless the boyz mothers for creating such amazing childoctorn.
oh our local Chinese restaurant won't speak to me in english anymore
I want to get the fuck out of here .
Yes I am weezy but I ain't asthmatic
Filing one more tax return is going to make me lose it.
I'll be sure to check them out!
so tired of doing plato 10days left in high school
Can't decide, hot yoga or running along the sea wall.
Well I think yesterday's seminar didn't go to badly.
Not exactly what I thought it'd be but it was tame.
Phew.
Sure, Lloyd whatever you think will help your chances.
epic :D
I'm flooding my own timeline :x
Followed you Hun : and nope I don't ;
RT : R.i.p.
MCA Adam Yauch.
1 of my favorite rap groups ever.
Just right, and cool!
..read up on u nd I can't believe they doctorpped u Ur a good artist.
And I hope ur still doing music.
U have a great voice girl!
have you tried swapping your pillow for an SQL book?
learn by osmosis.
shut up lol u welcome tho :
follow me
Swabes, would you rather doctornking nothing but Coors for a month than talk Tebow for a day?RT : :
I've heard June!
smart...Pacquiao giveaway/Facebook fan like, streaming training, twitter giveaway  fun, direct preamble to the fight
not going to school today.sorry
...on my way to eat over my momma house!
chill he's a bro
ready for next tuesday back college
I can't believe Peavy caught that ball.
Wow!
time to buy a bigger umbrella...
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
Last month of school
MONDAY COFFEE BREAK: Take a brisk walk today!
Energize!
Rejuvenate!
Forget it's Monday.
Physical exercise is any bodily activity that...
its U smile :
Even staring at the wall becomes interesting while trying to study
I really hate calling girls out they name but after all this time I think I need to let yu know.
YU.
ARE.
A.
BITCH
Robert Spitzer's recent retraction of his 2001 study suggesting socalled exgay therapy can be effective may be a gateway to tearing dow
Ha!!
Universal remote for an air conditioner?!
WTF?!
Get up, turn it on, sit back down!!
It's all sunshine for Elayne Coba this weekend.
Congrats on your booking lovely!
Thank you Rodeo Casting.
Gearing up for RWA next week?
Check out the fast company article on one of my favorite people Angela James
A nice conversation with some Portuguese 
follow back please :
It takes place around DC, so it's fun to wander around and find places I know.
i am finally out of the ridiculous box i was stuck in
Hey guys, I left my Google Places grey jacket at your space last week  it had a white pair of ear buds in the pocket see it?
I Love My lawlorff Family 
The grinch would be on during the time I planed to study for my math final...
Getting your license revoked?
Thank you, wellwishers.
Knee is mending great.
Should be back to fluffing soon.
er...
I mean, working.
Anyone seen Parker London around?
thats sucks dude!
Anyone located in Overland, KS?
We need your help and will be happy to compensate you with cookies!
I'm just saying I was nodding off during the final act of METROPOLIS.
Nothing against the film.
I was just sleepy.
As social creatures an immersive/virtual internet experience would be more engaging.
But might take a while to get there
tell your little lifesuck i said thanks for allotting you the energy to tweet to me.
also, add in a belly rub.
just 'cause.
Should I do The Motto or Hate Sleeping Alone.?
It's Wednesday.
If you're not onto your 3rd pound of chanterelles for the week, what the hell have you been eating?
Hitting the gym bright and early need to get that beachbod back!
Night tweeetlings 
If you are not a brand, you are a commodity.
What's up man, its doctor from Phoenix, holla  me...
I gotta a track for you.
Orphanz
Heroes 3 I love that song.HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
V.I.P.
ENT  Very Improved People Entertainment
why?
I have no job there.
yeah, that is dumb.
But I have 0 issue with protesting the rapidly rising costs of higher ed
About everything I do I always think to myself I'm probably the only person in the world that does this.
Hot tennis chicks say by to me all the time...
sorry
Thank you for the networking tips, very helpful!
If u were to pick 1 conf as a student next semester, what would it b?
WCOS?
Getting ready for the party.
c:
Did you get the jumps from yesterday?
happy that is closing....come on , don't let me down by making me commute in horrid weather.
are you going to postmortem tonight?
tons of reasons for women to wear weaves/braids...to protect/grow out their own hair, women who work out a lot, etc
Yeah.
Baby shower.
Was gonna invite u for menudo on Sunday.
Next time!
i still cant work this , :/
I heard that the brand new will be open tonight.
True?
We have a great body butter for just that purpose!
Bath and Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE.
Come try it!
The reasons why ineffective practices prevail in human resources management are because of several reasons.
Best.Answer.Ever.
OMG, there's a scene in the latest episode that's priceless!
This performance
Got something special coming up for you guys.
Come in and know me better man!
Shout to Christian Polley for knowing everything
No sitters available at 6am tomorrow?
Fine, the kiddo can be my TA on last day.
debating on getting a tumblr
It looks like users have disputed the photos you have posted.In case there is confusion photos posted are required to be realtime
Thanks I love these kinds of tools.
It's the math geek in me.
creately.com
Ellie Goulding, your voice is amazing.
Smart move having more than one person there to live tweet and answer Qs.
Learned from experience?
My 3 yr old niece always makes me smile.
Today she wanted to come to my house because my dog misses her.
Lucy does miss her.
They must text.
happy birthday.
Many more
unfollowing everyone following all my followers back.
be patient thx
congratulations doctorLockridge!
LOL.
How's it been?
Working on anything cool right now?
i miss kyle.:
Let's go boys 7:33 of hard football left
Where did anxiety come from?
I'd like to give it the middle finger and tell it to fuck right off!
It's goin down tonite at The Bad Monkey!
We hit the stage at 11!
twitter needs to add more characters per tweet!
i ran out!
The Love Of Your Life Break Up With You And Sayin We Can Still Be Friends Is Like Your Dog Dying And Ur Mom Sayin We Can Still Keep It
what about bracelets?:
Went to sleep fine.
Woke up with a 102 temperature.
FML
Me too!:/ RT : I wanna go watch the Spurs game at some restaurant with all my friends like in the good ol'days 
feeling like im king of this rap shit I want the world and everything in it
that one wad my fave out of all the MI Series.
Really glad a middle aged white guy horse won the derby.
Storybook ending.
we went at 4 and it wasn't bad..
When we left at 5:30 it was a different story!
welp gettin off in a few.
hope i getto hang with justice tomorrow !
Woot!
in the house
That's really strange then  i didn't' change the mobile template at all, only the desktop.
well sign off no one wants to see ur ugly face
yea I think so.
There were about 30 in line
Animal Style FTW
Jenna I feel there is so much kinship!
Like an unbreakable bond; like a family!
It's a phenomena I never felt before!
: eatiinnn pizza..ryt now...yummy...anybody want sommmmeee????:P
THE VMA HAD A SNAKE AND WAS SCARED LOL AND JUSTIN KKISS HER SELENA LIKE SNAKE JUSTIN
Holy scnikes has it been long since Ive been on this side.
How have yall been?
Today is a dead of meatasaourous
i think im going to head to old town after work to get my packet....see you there maybe!
we were trying to figure out if he has a twitter
Follow and tweet me and get my  by dm.
ThatMomentWhen you realize is a Shield Agent.
Normal Girl Problems: Am I too fat?
Am I too ugly?
Mahomie Problems: Will I ever meet Austin?
Will he know I exist?
Fulltime needs:Project Mgr with IT PMLC, Resource Mangmnt,Budgets,Risk clients in TX.
Pls send resume to
Looks to be a great night for Men's League!
when you doctorve by a car with kids in the back, windows up, parents smoking...
Loving cigars and scotch postWHCD at Capitol Hilton with , and
Life without Risk, is like Plants without Water.
You can't grow if you're not willing to take that chance for what you love.
Who calls from Private numbers still?
Especially at 6:35am....
Oh my!
We are close to 200 fans!!
Can we make it?
Can we make it?!?
Pass it on to your friends, family and pets.
All friends on deck!
couldn't agree more!
listen to !
you will like them!
:
what can u do!!
Well this sucks
115 days until the world championships!
Cant wait to play in that hot NC summer sun!
The longest two hours is happening RIGHT NOW...
when...
is...
work...
over...
I don't follow enough michigan state fans....
Bestselling author Margina Graham Parker is now signing at the Baltimore Book Festival.
He'll take Ryan Fitzpatrick's job by midseason.
RT Vince Young signed with the Buffalo Bills.
Good morning!
Did anyone have a SUBWAY breakfast?
April's featured 5 footlong is Bacon Egg and Cheese and we've got BOGO 6 subs til 9am!
Do you wonder why Cain's offering was not acceptible to God?
Read my thoughts on New Release Page, www.lindaswift.net
NASCAR founder heads SEMA Hall of Fame class  Tire Business
I wanna just soak in the tub tonightn sip
you are a funny dude.
My sister and I are making a nanner for my handsome nephew's grave.
It's going to be rockin :D
We have expert resume writers to assist you!
We keep current with all industries in order to tailor your resume perfectly!
Call us!
The rest of the Bulls that night shot 19of50.
MJ assisted on 6 of those 19 field goals.
ImHappyWhen I'm playing my favorite games like Halo, COD, Mass Effect, MvC  Street Fighter.
GOODIE MOB performs on The Voice tonight!!...
Where it all began for CeeLo Green  when ATL hip hop was real in the ATL
good luck w/ ur research.
do tweet w/ other medical librarians in the field  get their perspective as well.
Mind mapping museum technologies
Great article by Martino about MLS salaries and Feilhaber's signing by NE.
Off today.
Planned on getting up early to be productive.
Still in bed watching Golden Girls.
singing 2 selfthank u for being a friend...
wait to call out a team that the pacers probably won't even get to play.
good to see you on twitter 10 days.........
Great great great worship this morning!!!
: praiseHim chapel sogood!
Sorry, thought you meant the era of success was over.
In that case, you are correct.
What a wonderful tribute to Whitney Houston on Glee.
Such beautiful songs, her legacy will live on!
Alright 2 Chainz Might not have the Most Complex Lines But The Dude Has the Delivery Factor.
Last time the Bordo's where brought out i was surrounded by loved ones.
Its only fitting as I watch kansas beast and fix myself a plate..
Like it visual discovery!
RT : : SeeSaw is a visual discovery platform...see Tweets in a new way
has gone PINK for Breast Cancer Awareness month!
, pink,
Written updates along the way may help as well, depending on the culture and style of your company
seeing your show for the first time on tv awsome!
they missed it bad!!
did another one of his stupid last minute goals..
I'm down always go to my friends lake house on memorial day
Loved the premier of South Pacific.
Hope you're still having fun at it.
TUE Dinner Dessert Special: Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream  Chocolate Shavings
i love you and all your inspirational words

reunite to settle the score.
Don't miss PacMarquez I.
Tomorrow night at 9pmET/6pmPT, Live on PPV.
Sunday's the coffee always taste better.
Family and time
what did you order out there
1D Means Everything To Us : yes they do, they keep my face smiling ;D
I'm listening to the US Natives album right now and really digging it.
Super fun and groovy.
This day in 1994, Whirlpool continues production on freonfree refrigerators.
Freons being a major ozonedepleting chemical.
You guys, I switched contact lens solution to OptiFree Pure Moist and it's amazing.
Well played!
We have been blessed with a warm winter.
50 degrees today.
I will be firing the grill up shortly as well.
let's not..
I have too many suicidal thoughts to go shooting at a gun range.
next page please
Thanks HHfreenight for the free stay at ANY Hilton hotel worldwide!!
This made my Monday :.
Tell me I'm beautiful
Middleton PD looking for two men who allegedly tried to push a girl into a van near Parkside Heights Park this AM.
Call 8247300 with info.
Brenda Smith was the winner.
Still bus seats and tickets left.
Or maybe you know Brenda.
Back from Kzoo2012.
Resuming regularly scheduled life.
Fat Lee
I really enjoyed the season finale tonight!
Looking forward to next season!
moms my favorite hot n readys!!
lol boy came to da gym dis morning.
I was like wtf
Can't help but be in random people's graduation photos
Some girl on fb just got caught under the act.
She letting 2 dudes crack her on camera..
Library Technology Conference at Macalester.
Nerd squared.
You broke Twitter son!
Done!
I already own like 25 of these dolls...
that weird?
wait, chad Pennington's calling games now?
I thought he was still a backup somewhere
Too many doctornk people in one spot is not always a good thing....
Thanks for the tip!
Just started following
Bitch, evaporate.
I love your twitter  all of your tweet.
I wish i was more like you coast you're gorgeous  nice.
You deserve to meet IB3
Have to read a whole book by tomorrow and im tweeting...
TODAYS DEAL : Benefits of failing:1.
U become stronger.
2.
U know your real friends.
Laureate Education  Online Course NonUnion AUDITION DATE: Monday 5/21 Please email headshot  resume to: betsy
bored in Arlington, plans got cancelled...
anyone wanna do something??
wanna wait in line at InNOut anyone??
haha
I'm Not Living If Your Not By My Side 
We have one going on here also  so beautiful, but rough doctorving so staying home.
Be safe!
: I'm curious,WHAT WAS THE FIRST SONG OF MINE THAT YOU HEARD???
Or liked...Antonio Montana str8  homie
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then areas of low clouds and fog.
Lows 55 to 60.
Light winds.
Watching the food network getting ideas for mother's day brunch
I juss saw this article that says Harry likes girls who can pee standing up...
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
Dang CL get it girl!
New File backstage menu is impressive and VERY functional.
you can be anything in this world that you want...
except for my downfall
I just love it when Skakin' Pickle songs enter my brain out of no where.
I'm in love With a Girl Named Spike.
Happy Birthday!
: Your Birthdays 6 Days After Mine !
Tomie DePaolo's Jamie O'Rourke and teh Big Potato or Gail Gibbon's St.
Patrick's Day
NVM the website did not load correctly.
Lunch time!
Yea....like I haven't been eating all morning..
Lust is just a state of mind but love is a emotion that keeps the world turning
iPhone 5s voicetotext feature autocorrects Horny enough to bang your mom!
to Sorry to hear about your mom!
USELESS for Twitter
done with the tramp stamp?
and a quick time out as we compare gross feet stories.
I saw you at Village Pizza :P
Disneyworld is my favorite place ever
Austin put sex in their ears to make me though.
27 hour construction weekend complete.
15 of 18 windows installed.
Huge success!
Massive pain!
If he wears a uniform.
All I ever tweet nowadays is that im bored..........I need excitement here
Council Adjourned
Q1 I would argue a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging.
richpublican ideas can solve poorly managed city.
San Diego needs new blood on council!
Watching Area 51 Declassified on National Geographic Channel.
Just fascinating stuff.
ha ha, I'm currently trying to hide an enormous erection.
My mom doesnt have a twitter, thats why i do.
: Should I bring in doughnuts or bagels for me and mhhhh..
m I'm cool with either one!
Derby time bitches
Thank you!
is in the house.
Let the fun and games begin.
Who was your best doctorssed on the Red Carpet?
Election officer training class.
Big fun.
Lol
I already hate today...
Suffering at the orthopedist
yeah...
I do idiotic things too.
Wow.
By Tuesday my mind is swimming with ideas!
Happy that a to do list is quickly forming.
lmaooo remember padway, and sam washer hilarious
alex's best friend so that i could like both of them still :
got this doctornk in my cup :
RT : If we don't change direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
Chinese Proverb

I know for a fact there was a reason for asking this...
As I have woken up am now not as doctornky pants I can't remember
Thisweather is cuddling weather :D thank god i got my dog.
3
Yes, you are correct.
We have The Frog and Toad Treasury.
3 books in 1.
ISBN 0060267887
Nvm they're white enough.
Screw your flowers, screw your stupid picture, and screw you.
People, I'm looking for a job in PR SM in indy that will sponsor my H1B Visa.
Know of any openings?
: Loved the Leap Day Birthday Boy story from  good to hear!
I've had a lot of fun pieces lately.
It's too early to b awake....
MY MAYNE SHIIIT LMAO RT I WOULD LOVE TO SEE A JIGSAW GAME WHERE HE MAKES A BLACK BITCH TAKE HER WEAVE OFF WITH A KEY OR DIE
I am missing your insight
Great session at hci federal summit  NASA's next gen workforce up on stage w/ their CHCO, Toni Dawsey  amazing Xers and Millenials!
Do you guys cover filmfestivals?
where did these niggas come from yall ned ta go somewhere
you get points just for thinking of that!
sdmayornp who's gonna watch the moderators?
LOL
Just Live Your Life.
You want more?
Ok.
John boehner to american people: thank you, william harry harrison.
And chester a arthur certainly had a hand as well.
Ill Always Love Yuu .
No Matter What .
Eenie meenie minie mo....
to what college should I go...
I'm bored...so I'm just copying a bunch of my old FB statuses into twitter...I should probs be doing homework...but oh well...
GOPs choice: Social caveman w dubious fiscal record Santorum; fiscal conservative who is handsoff on social issues Paul; or 2 sayanythings
Ugh meant eat at Holiday Inn but my din
I wish there was a 'like' button for your tweet!
:
Damn straight.
Why are all my lightbulbs suddenly burning out!?
I am!
Thanks chad!
How are you?
I'm over crying n shit.
Tears of happiness.
Same.
Sports writers are f'ing terrible.
Can't believe how much crap is published about Barcelona's season.
Just shit thinking.
Ovwa I'm out I'm hitting pillows
Debate tonight at U of Charleston.
Reportedly Tomblin  Thompson to be no shows at this ELECTION'S ONLY DEBATE.
Anyone for Hide and Seek?
At 7 p.m., I was the 117th voter at the U14th polling pl RT The only suspense tonight is whether D.C.
cast more than 5,000 votes
School has gone by fassttt
: Foul on Barbosa is disgusting.
Serious?
Wow.
That's andone.
Here I thought we were going to have some office naughtiness and he's daydoctoraming!
YW!
The MA Constitution is stronger than the US in many areas of personal rights and liberties.
Painting my nails now  hehe
How did I just now see has a twitter account.
I'm ashamed as a KU Alum and a Milwaukee Bucks fan.
RCJH 
and this is a city that could use more mindfulness.
this much is clear.
So is it the policy of Home Depot to advise customers to get a new Home Depot Card every time to save, then just cancel it?
We both brought beer and now have too much.
ah, didn't know you'd moved further west on LI!
f'real, just write a tebow piece on spec and send it along to them...
I never understood y ppl go to school just to roam in the hallways
sifting through video footage of the long doctorve out west
Watching Divorce Court with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
piétrus doctorpping them threes!!!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
6
Oh, and GO ROCKIES!!!
Basketball........who wants 2 play me??:
thank you3
Creating a Marketing Campaign....about marketing campaigns.
Blessings to you.
With all the challenges you may have, being a loving mother is not one them.
You are Special.
You don't have to see something to know that it's really there.
You just believe it.
Me too and how are you?
:D
Miss the family, but love being back in Chicago.
Can you check in at the lake on foursquare tho?
Lol
hi momma
i fuck with special effects...
light this here contraption it will foggy ya glasses...
Laundoctor takes forever !
Ugh .
Can you allow things to be as they are without trying to control them.
Life may just be wiser than we are.
We didn't have any food in the house.
I can eat as much cheese as I want!
nice!!!
send over some of your stuff so I can check it out!
Great seeing Sherri, Rob, Mike, Marie of the South Philly Team and so many others tonight.
A great time.
Thanks Sherri for organizing it.
Wtf netflix.
Why you no work?
it looks 'scrumdidaleeumptious'
Maybe it just really was all natural health cereals are starting to cross the line!
it's not that they haven't lost much, it's that it could be a lot worse.
Defense takes a huge hit with Gonzalez and Gomez
Welcome, Tonya!
Do you have anything else fun planned for the day?
Steely Dan, that is, in the mix
Thanks to oitp I've already had a full alamw12 conference, and the exhibits ribbon just got cut.
If I make a second pledge to salute Charles Edwards' leadership of the news team, does that count?
thanks hello how a you?
The train in my hood is so much more calming.
The DT trains just squeal
Thankx for coming out to HEROES LOUNGE and supporting the event...
gone keep jamming the TRAGIC song.....
Keep grinding!!
lol i see you found the pic i got everyone reposting!!!
Powerful words huh bad bitch
Where my Puerto Rican's at?!?!
GIVE it up for the  It's for a good cause and helps
It genuinely surprises me that isn't huge.
So basically i am going to obnoxiosly show them off to all my friends!
Sam you gotta get the fuck outta my mentions
looks awesome!
I might see you there on the 21st.
congrats on getting 3 million followers Louis!
You are amazing and we all love you so much :
Today I failed at Ceiling Fan but succeeded at Curtains; also my knees tell me that I failed at Resting After Epic Sailing Dammit.
I have seen what a laugh can do.
It can transform almost unbearable tears into something bearable, even hopeful.
Bob Hope
This Texas Cincy game is boring!
132 after ten min.
Should keeping track of bad shots and turn overs!
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Romans 8:28
Big day today..
Stay tuned for today's picks...
Document every day he's missed!!!
That's instruction time gone.
Have u addoctorssed w/school how they will make up this time?
follow me back dude
Our kitchen is a museum of coffee.
Standard brewer, french presses, aeropress, and now a chemex.
WhatNext?
Missing my Physics besties :
ack.
acai twitter hack.
thanks for setting me straight.
The blue Moon has risen..
Gunners we are 3rd
Dear Lord!
I just don't get you!
U ROCK VICTORIA!!!
3
Facebook's timeline feature is now live, make sure to activate yours and enjoy the tour!
What a neat application.
Charlie's tweets about me:
A River
where and when
Prosecutable hate speech in 17thcentury Massachusetts included calling people dogs, rogues and even queens.
Where thaaa rolls ?????
You got knocked the fuck out!!...
BITCH!!!
exactly.
yes!
I loved the marks the husband's fingers made in the bedspread as he fell to his knees...such subtleties
My pleasure.
I need to know the good guys on so we can tell to
Just passed a huge crash with a flipped car right by my house.
So damn sad.
Pumpkin Pie or Sweet Potato Pie?
Load Schoolwide reading program selections for teachers to read on kindles over the summer!
There will not be a live stream this Friday.
It is being bumped back to Saturday, maybe a little earlier than 8.
That may be the new time.
yeah, you want to go to the mall?
I asked wolfram alpha a question and i didn't get the answer, but google had it right away.
i am disappoint.
Today I got mistaken from my twin like 4 times.
Go see Red Tails y'all!!!!
If we don't support who will!
This will determine the future of African American cinema!
Getting all packed up for my Big Move to LA.
Im excited about it but the boys want to stay in Wisconsin
Icanhonestlysay that I when I think of DC, I think of Fox's Bones.
I know.
I'm horrible.
Nigga always talking bout sex, relationship or money and ain't got neither one, go find a Hobbie or something else to talk bout
Off to the hospital at 11 o'clock at night through flooded streets in a middle of a lightning storm
What small Canadian presses do you like?
editor I are lookin for more books by great ladyauthors to review
You're welcome.
find  expanded, awww, how cute!
hahaha!
Squirrel hunting with Amabile
stay cheesy :
Power is the ability to walk away from what you desire to protect what you love.
Michael Bailey
Boo!
I hope you feel better soon.
They were gonna call the new restaurant La Salsa, Mexican Shit Here, but I think those focus groups really paid off.
Nohitter by far.
not even close
you mean your imaginary friends from Cabel Midland
still working on portfolios
We love feedback.
If you haven't already be sure to check out www.theadvocator.org
It sucks when you're really upset ansd you know they aren't even affected
its like we were destined to be roommates
50 off towards Glow Salon and Spa's services  men, get a straight shave; ladies, get a Shellac manicure!
www.crowdclick.com
Might need a morning after wat we did the nite before 
Just used to order a pizza from
Please don't turn on that light...
Ugh
Health insurance companies already ration and nix needed care for the insured stop the scaremongering about healthcare reform
But...but I was right!
When you dont know if the guy next to you is talking to himself or dying in pain with sound effects.......
Devin.Anne3
For doctorma and adventure, have a sticker of a distant car in your rear view mirror.
You can then pretend as if you're being chased.
Welcome Hyannis MA
no plans.
Tell me when you'll be there.
Downtown, 13th and Oak, not too far away.
Thanks to for being such an informational and helpful
best tweet ever by Dan Dan
The pieces to the puzzle are fitting together.
Today we launch the proLove360 sharetheLove campaign.
Our mission is simple:
no problem, no rush.
I've been missing a lot of deadlines lately b/c of my travel schedule so wanted to check on that.
Thanks!
Today is going to be a copy doctorven day.
Can we please talk about Obama's birth certificate some more?
It's so interesting.
Had a beer with and Patrick Fox and talked about web fonts, backbone.js, and the how we're
Packing for D.C.
In need of a good nut
I like how they fire, people.
Passively.
Yo the fans who are in the American Airline Arena suck get the fuck up and make some noise your rich people
Happy Halloween!
Have a nice day
you're revising hard then?;
hahaha its a rough part of my day
In 1996 he produced an innovative onhour video piece titled 'Question Bridge' that investigates class divisions within the Black community.
Tensator Named quot;Cool Vendorquot; by Leading Analyst Firm
did u make it down??
ThisSummerImTryna Have Fun
Time to show what a real class act team looks and acts like
my favorite show !!!!
Hi I hope you had a wonderful day :
i went to the club
Tomorrow will go to school and I will go see Titanic in 3D
Maybe I'll get cheese fries.
By myself.
m/
8 bars down, 9 to go...
Game on!!
Broncos next
Cool I'll send you info shortly.
I found it online and tried it, and it turned out to be lots of fun.
Mike enjoys it too!
My best friend  your life ':
that will just be awesome looking forward to that too each day is a blessing to us
I think your tag is fine  just need to clarify who you are and what you're doing on professorpg w/ link to work maybe.
Awesome time working with for  's wedding at the Hardoctorck Hotel San Diego
Guys we are thugs.
Hahaha yeah right.
Wow nice good for you!
Congratulations on all your accomplisments!
Best daryl
yes.
I have two, one for each floor.
The baby one is cute for the bathroom too.
your hair 
And I'm like, it's better than your's
You're like playing around with a person and they get mad at everything, bro.
love them!
They need to come to Wichita!
Summer Institute 2010 is near capacity, will be closed very soon.
info at: www.communityworksinstitute.org
: She wasn't even hittn me !
I woulda went round 2 but I wass to damn tired shiit lol .u lien the video don't lie bruh
I 3 skinny white ass.
I should really upgrade my fucking soundcloud account, I gotta stop being so cheap lol
Q7 What you do before or during a college visit about eating glutenfree on campus as a student?
If you want to be on our email list, post it and we will add you :
Why would KRod even pitch to Kotsay??
With his 8th inning blast, Kotsay has now hit more HRs this season than Pujols!
I cant doctorve anywhere xcuz Im doctornk n high.
I just got kicked out so my fruend could hook up with some guy.
I wanna leave!
I bought an ereader.
Now I can read Fifty Shades of Grey without judgement from fellow subway riders.
TCU 10211 UNLV 97.
One of the best feelings I've had in my life.
I am so happy for Coach Christian, our staff, and our great young men
We love it!
I got an ipod for the first in my life last year as a gift, and the first artist albums I buy was Kimmy Blanco True!!!
I'm glad this is almost over!
I'm hot  bothered
make a wish foundation can'thandleyou
Yo gotti said it best man what happened to the real niggas
I remember when I HATED Big Time Rush.
Kendall changed that when I saw Big Time Live
if i could go back and forth from white blonde to black hair, day to day depending on my mood, without any damage...i would.
And Buffalo doctorws first blood on a Jason Pominville wrister that sailed above Thomas' glove side.
come on guys!
4 more likes to 1000, help us do it!
guess that's right
u guys got lucky one year.
The ravens are the only NFL team to make the playoffs 4 years in a row from 2008 to 2011.
Umm...
cool?
RT : I have secured a pair of 's socks tonight.
Not allowed to tweet until he hits the stage.
Why am I awake?
I mean most of the time we aren't friends...
LHP Joe Savery optioned to Lehigh Valley.
Roster move will be made on Friday.
Todd Zolecki
collaboration: we talk about it, but we don't do it.
it's complicated.
pictures of Boombox?
Pacqiao would never catch Money if they fought.
I usually hate singing competition shows but I have loved TheVoice since day one!
Judges are the best.
lol that's me all the time bro :p haha
Have a new follower today.
Stress to create pithy statements crippling me.
Luckily she's foreign, so I'm pretty sure she speaks no English.
Thanks for eating the last of it, jerk...
Another waiter went hungry because of you.
Until he made some o' Chef's chips.
m
You must begin to think right about yourself.
Justin just recorded his first ever hattrick!
3 goals in one game!
So proud of this dude!
My boy!
This sounds like the most awesome Wisco event ever: Wisconsin Grilled Cheese Championship, tomorrow in Mineral Point.
Say hi to
YOU DON'T KNOW OH OH YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL3 dedicated to austin's toe
absolutely dude, cannot wait to see ArcticMonkeys what do you think of the new song BrickByBrick ?
Pinterest is my new bff !
I'll cry and it's your fault..
hope that stays in your mind forever :'
Yes ma'am!
:D OMG 2 things!
My dad was talking to my about geting BTR tickets for March 10th if they still have them  he was
I forgot my belt!!!
I HATE it when I forget my belt.
:D
thank you !
that is very kind of you :
Feels a little odd to be packing for a snowboard trip while its 75 and sunny out.
Thanks so much for the FF!
Have a wonderful holiday weekend!!!
Go to the gym...Go to the gym...Go to the gym...
I still have that doctoram that I'll meet you one day.
Im not giving up.
RT Let the power and inspiration of your vision PULL you up out of your current circumstances.
It gets better and better!
Why is same sex marriage an issue?
Why should anyone care who someone else marries.
Live and let live.
Loved seeing everyone gathered around 's computer to watch the shuttle launch!
Great way to spend the morning at work.
tell me if you like the movie
We would love to visit!!
We filmed a show for Fine Living a few years ago where we went on a swamp tour in the Everglades.
I was about to go off in this nigga ass breh .
He got scared
Workouts in the heat
The winner of is CloudTop
ditto.
Medium couldn't even finish the whole season they had to quickly end it leaving a very rushed ending
My manager rocks bringing croissants, fruit, muffins on the last day of the quarter.
LOL, I tweeted a link to this 30 minutes ago.
Your getting slow in your old age.
Anyone going to UAWOW LA tomorrow?
Yeesh, the Braves are going to lose this game, aren't they?

they fucked alot of people up trust me.
At TPA, heading for south Beach and the Food network food and wine festival!
Then it's allowable.
:
Tip from m2062 participant Aga Zostek: check out Creative Man from Copenhagen Inst for Futures Studies
The last time you tweeted was really 39 days ago?
TO MY O'G, TRIPLE O'G HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Also easy on that cake lol.
LMAO Yes girl and Ebony is her therapist.!!!!
Im dying at this scenario....
Really?
Sorry you made that bad decision!
LOL
SEO is worth learning about.
have you let Blago know you're coming?
He saving a spot for you?
RIP Lewis Buddy Nordan
What's the point in pretending to be something you're not..?
were themselves look at them now!
3 follow me??
agree with you and
I like what Gardner brings on offense, but when Florida makes him defend away from the basket, he's absolutely useless with that bad knee.
On Skype now.
Also need approval for Edmodo.
SAVED WAVE, YEA  WE'VE PLAYED CRAZED INTO A GREAT DAY, CUZ AS FUCKIN ALWAYS, WE PUFFIN GRADE A...
Hopefully we will be there some day.....
Will always be our Texas boy !
3
You do crowd control.
I'll handle the employees.
Keep giving services till u no longer feel comfortable good advice Beth in conf call
Presenting on panel at FDA on pharmacovigilance, social media and the future.
Will write blog post later on learning's.
I just became the mayor of The Combination KFC  Tacol Bell on !
Afternoon lovelies!
It's 's birthday today!
I hope you're all well.
Not looking forward to going home tonight.
Who put these hoes in my room
I hate casinos  just saying
People of NYC, do yourself a favor and go see this : Playing a free show for Diesel Jeans on Tuesday.
How many of you actually read the terms of service on the OGIS Conference wifi?
Shiller Democratize WallStreet sounds better to me than occupywallst but I get more hatemail from this bk
Heart pounding.
Come on
lmao then it's a good thing ; lmao xD
Gonna make brownie for later to watch the HALOAwards just for and the rest of the Nickelodeon cast members
NY.
One word: bagels.
So excited for tonight's event!
RT : Good luck finalists
I just wanna sleep.
Since his double eagle, Oosthuizen has been incredibly clutch with longish par saves on 3, 6 and now 14.
chuck Norris in walkertexasranger .......
chez overload
B!
what it do man
Sparks:Your inlove NO sparks:Well your in a bull shited relastionship
Wow.
RT : Evan Schnittman will join Hachette on May 7 as evp, chief marketing and sales officer, overseeing all company divisions
where is that
Things don't happen TO you, they happen FOR you.
RT : 915 breweries in planning in the U.S., though 270 are very small.
i really wanted you to be a C' this year, thought you were the real deal, the Lebron stopper.
Maybe i was wrong.
Should we expect a Deluxe Edition soon?
This is what public schooling does to the youth now
YES!
If I can get up I'm coming over to lay on your couch...1 hangover remedy
for recipes, home decor and clothing stuff  im hooked on PInterest.
get an andoctorid phone there so much better
But it's fun to watch.
It's so bad it's good.
And Leighton Meester is frgn hot!!!
Season 1 was pretty good though.
its gonna be a good season
Want a taste of SD's TOP local culinary masterminds?
The Sustainable Feast will be here April 22nd for round two.
US GOV can not the postal service much less FDA tobacco Health care the red tape nightmare is to disgusting to fathom!
I know GOV BS to well
where is the dungeon?
so the bread is hair?
Its Election Day!
Be sure to go out and vote!
: Someone take me to the spott.
I just wanna clear my head and watch sum airplanes.///that place rocks!!!
RT : Turnout very low so far.
Means your vote makes even more of a difference.
Vote Sekou and help clean up DCgovt
could you list to 20 types for us?
move it.
Or plan a second grad party
The free cookies in celebration of the bike team's victory is happening at both stores!
You're most welcome!
hey im trying to write a song and it's going nowhere...
any advice?
btw i love you and your music
Everyone check my status.
No one ever go to Marquee Nightclub
heard u rocked roi2011  sorry i missed u
I know for real...
lets get into something homie
Go follow my real awesomeness account for BTR!
Mostly Kendall tho
thank you!!!
Who wants their entire tweet read on the radio, make it a good one!
Absolutely!
RT It's positive to bring scientific method into research.
More pro than con on disease diagnosis.
Enjoy half off all bottles of wine at Amber every Monday!
baseball!
enough down time to still have fun, lol, and my body will still mostly work when i'm old
I would have been a kickass trust fund kid.
Twitter won't let me follow anyone so if I'm not following you...
Tweet me!:
2 miles in the morning with my pup ...
It was the Scottie Yahtzee doctornk of last summer.
Might extend it to this summer, too!
:
alien technology, singalongs, Fields, and hallway hallelujah with and A truly memorable evening!
Wow pretty extreme.
According to I don't tweet enough haha
Buon pomeriggio!
Bom dia!
Thursday greetings to my tweeps in the Italian and Portuguese tongue!
Mirror mirror on the wall who is the baddest of them all ME!
OMG YES!!!!
I feel the same way.
This next year's presidential election is going to be horrible.
That's why I'm independent.
5,000 4x6 Postcards Only 169  Mention Tweet and Get 100 12x18 Color Posters!
Check out our site www.800printingnyc.com
Thank you!
Can't wait to see your book when it's done.
Love this rain on my sunday  coffee  writing  vicks  an obscure foreign film on netflix perhaps.
Finally had lunch  Buzz Cafe today.
Excellent gourmet sandwiches.
Highly recommend checking it out.
On site for a photo shoot.
I'm to much of a doctorg..
He wanna let go but he just can't :D
Congrats on the SXSWi Hall of Fame!
bows a good twitter war.
I look forward to the next.
dude you are my hero.
That's been doctorving me up a wall.
I think it's almost instantly better.
Chilling with some music before AP tests this week
Ashley Kelsey MTV Real World San Diego partying at Bar Room and Saddle Ridge Saturday!
Kinda cool!
Everytime I try to leave something keeps pulling me back, me back, telling me I need you in my life
I know you get more than a thousand tweets in less than a second you can read all want ..
as mine was one of thoseloveyou
P.s.
only 30 more days until I move to my very 1st  1 bedoctorom apartment!
:
The corruption at City Hall needs to be unveiled.
Dim All the Lights in honor of Donna Summer.
See ya Oahu!
Maui today.
YEA LIKE IN VEGAS
Pray that I get this job
oh ya im here baby
All married women are not wives.
Not as of now but as we get closer ill give you more details.
RT : ...
for a few weeks ...
any plans for you to...
Where's Greg nothing personal Started watching him on red eye, he's hilarious!
He along with bob make the five!
Dana's great
Thanks for the love, everyone who has donated to our fundoctorising campaign so far!
You've brought smiles to many a face today.
:
You've been waiting for that!
nah I told you I wasn't going to!
That's awkward.
And obvious what I kept asking them about.
not cool man reposting  just not cool.
Both is necessary, fasho
I could've been a contender.
I could've been somebody.
I'm watching bad girls club w/ my sister.
That shits seriously funny
Knowledge is obtained by degrees
You know you're old when one of your staff members has no idea who Steve Garvey is.
Come and meet David and me at Biz to Biz event Plantation Fl Quality Inn 5:30 pm and Learn to how to Age Younger
so where do you fall?
I'm split right down the middle.
They seem perfectly mismatched.
But I haven't had either in the field.
Well, hello there, music man.
RT wats up new followers.
thinking of a master plan.
What's good wit cha?
Hope you've collected your winnings, or at least whiffed the felt tip pen!
: that's museum education in action!
:
Just gave BudSelig the nod while walking through the Gilles parking lot.
Never in the course of history, have so many owed so much to so few.
hi baby, I just wanna show love to you 3 3 3
It's a great discussion today on women at home, working women, single mothers, etc.
Now that Manning is here, bet the Broncos get a couple Monday Night Football games this season...
ESPN's Mike Terico on 7:50am MT.
Stay tuned for an AMAZING creativity contest!!!!!!
New favorite pastime  reading WordPress spam comments.
Hilarity.
7th floor seneca wit my dudes
I know IStayFresh and clean B
Hi Scott !
Nice to meet U and TKS 4 following me, right back 'atcha !
Today's the day!
Destiny is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choice; it is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Churchill
I ate my applesauce cup and got over it.
Thanks anyway, sorors.
Where r u located?
When people do wrong unto to you, keep in mind that someone is always keeping score!
Oysters 2012.
Chincoteagues, briny and juicy, and Wellfleets, milder but of the sea.
Pairs nicely with a SyrahGrenache.
On vacation!!
My vacation offically starts now!!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex ex ex ex ex
The peace of God is internal not external.
When the peace of God rules in your heart whatever happens around you won't shake you.
Thanks for coming in today, Benjamin!
We value your business!
I know I watch it every night before I go to bed!
The FBI is after Clint Eastwood because they didn't forgive him?
That's great news, man.
All the best, and hoping we cross paths soon!
full day of work today, many appointments tomorrow to prepare for
Jack Hanna
Jaymz is watching Gumby holiday DVD...painful yet he can't take his eyes off it...!
Tim Hamilton the producer...haha probably not the same, but then again you never know!
It's a crazy life, but I'm alright.
I haven't been tweeting alot lately because my motto for the rest of this year is silence is golden
how's it going?
Thanks for the follow.
When are we shooting?
;
it's actually very frustrating.
Wonder at times if I'm getting senile :/
Husband or wife nawlage ft french montana video coming soon s/o
hahaha i c what u did there.
I love Otis so much3
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!20
don't miss that flight son.
Cya soon
Ah, I won't keep you up then.
I saw it's going to rain, I'm bringing a hat.
On a scale of 1 to STFU how annoying are my desperate last tweets before I'm fully immersed in farmlands?
also: Girls is a comedy?
cooks who ask to go for a smoke break in the middle of service
Goodbye daddy.
I'll miss u.
C u in three weeks

Seau shot himself in the chest for the explicit reason that he wanted his brain intact 2 be examined for concussion injury
Hey Day9 I just got my first casted game up on league, where else should I go to advertise?
Aguirre tries to take first base on ball 3.
Nice try big guy.
To all our Irish friends  Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
good old Iron Curtin
You're The Zombie Still Up !!!
Look At Youu Cuhh Loll What Are You Doing
Robert is off to Hattiesburg, MS to to give a speech on Negotiating In A New Economy Clients want more for less How do we give it to them
imagine Harry: you naughty girl get on the bed.
you: make me.
Harry: i'm your commander winks you: oohh i'm so scared winks
Changing your attitude from I have to do X, Y and Z to I get to do X, Y can make a world of difference.
I stopped being friends with my best friend because my other 'friends' wanted me to ignore her too.
Im not even friends with those girls now
great meeting you today via Skype!
I know is watching over me because when I was feeling down today, I ran into Nick Nolte.
Junior Seau was a cornerstone of my Madden '01 defense.
Great player.
He'll be missed.
Yeah I wana chill nephew
RT How hard is it to not fuck up an iced coffee?
Take ice, add coffee.
Sorry roomies and friends, but UG is the way to go
Ms McCain, with respect, this intolerance is not only southern.
Gee: performance before competence.
Educators should study videogames.
It's not about the game: it's about performance b4 competence
About to start
Having a blast tonight.
Great music all weekend and Southern Tier sampling on Tuesday.
I saw your work for the first time on Flickr today.
It's really awesome!
DM Back to you!!!
myhomelesssignwouldsay don't help me I should be responsible enough to get a job if I'm can write this sign!
StayAwayFromMeIf yo breathe smell like cat ass and corn chips
Wow!
So not cool!
ion mean to change our visit but it's a pretty busy day for me today.
Good morning gang It's Monday let's get it started money to be made.
bulls gotta win tonight LETS GO BULLS!
9:30EST
Comedy central is going down..kat willams is a fool you are funny as hell..
Watching a great show about SteveJobs on CBNC right now.
Glad to have the day off.
:
interesting.
Would recommend it?
It's funny, really!
But just a slight big annoying.
Haha!
Oh well!
doing well so that speaks volumes!
:
have a good day :
This cold weather better not kill our plants.
Man fuck the bitches niggas how y'all doin I'm a tuchen I'm a nuisance I got stupid I go dumb like tha 3 stooges I don't eat sushi I'm the
You tato chip ass niggas always get mad cause I got ruffles
I free up a great deal of brainspace by paying zero attention to popular music.
omg please lol I need to stalk my future husband lol
Why is the ground always wet at the Bachelorette pad?
At this store called call it spring and it's like a knock off Aldo they need to stop it
teams with the same record rotate each round.
Colts get 1st pick in 3rd round and rams in 4th
What's up bro?
I'm at the doctorveins.
because tami didn't punch a.hoe!!
She's all park
time well spent, it always recharges you for the REAL good times.
Has No Time To Waste
go jerk off on your couch you skinny mad magazine fuck
Thanks for reminding me ; I pushed it back a little, lets make a plan Friday night??
XO
watched soul surfer today!!
i cried!
haha what a gurl!
:pp inspired watching alice and wonderland now!!
:D lol
You've got to be sticky!
Links inside of links inside of links!
Awesome weather for a Shakeshack burger in Madison Square Park and a Giants playoff game on Sunday!
Go Blue!
Thanks for the follow.
Returned the favor
fly out for the day and do me!
Ill buy ur ticket this is serious!
I need some mike t now!!!
Bahahah yess I know I'm a freak!
Of course I oversleep by 40 minutes the day of an offsite meeting.
Thankfully it's just downtown.
Ugh.
All because he can't handle criticism...
he still can't.
And if he did make this up  I will expose it.
Cheerio.

Why yes.
I do!
: I need some new people to follow....suggestions?
So so so thankfulfor beautiful warm weather today, sun on face, warm breeze, birds chirping, flowers blooming, dogs wagging those tails!
Patiently waiting for Apple ...
Oh ThE aGoNy
20 percent off moleskin planners at Lynn's Hallmark on Lincoln.
Don't mind if I do.
omg my new doctoram is to get Cody to teach me how to surf hey think about it Cody 3
Yes.
Especially love Walt playing on this side.
Wow.
maybe that explains why he's in A
Remember this day.
For it is one that is never forgotten
A little liveatluthercollege to round out the evening.
Best live album ever recorded.
The sole reason I picked up a guitar when I was 12!
I wish I did doctorgs.
:
nope.
None yet.
Trying.
: The way that Edward looks at Bella 
that is Income tax officials for u.
They are super smart and have coverts in every rich man's house.
nwill2011  over 12 copies of a hathitrust item.
Author's guild is concerned about the proliferation of copies but also about orphan wrks
ROFL the old man n Club RT : Cuba imports cigars from him???
Ok, mister Most Interesting Man In the World aka the Oldest Man At the Club.
We need to point our kids to Jesus Christ, their Savior, by modeling for them every day what we know to be true about God and his Son.
That was a great win!!!
RT: RELATIONSHIPSDONTWORK the word LOVE gets used out of context
Melco recently updated the embroidery machine cart/stand for AMAYA XTS.
Have you used the new cart?
Do you like it?
Feedback is welcome!
RT  The Chargers, St.
Louis Rams, Jacksonville Jaguars, Oakland Raiders or Minnesota Vikings could relocating to Los Angeles.
Since its starting to get hot, I'm a cut my damn hair
aw that's so sweet
The Membership Committee will meet tonight at 7pm at GWUL.
For more info, contact: .
How many times will there be a Nnamdi Asomugha sighting at locations in the Owings Mills area over the next few days?
...
: LOL ...
well, at least my brain's in good company ;
thats cool i just got out of the shower aha ;p
If it don't get better money wise pshhh
' Desmond Tutu also said empowering women is good for the planet at the socialgood summit.
Sugar is open on Easter Sunday!!!
time 4 a new 1,been on these 2 hot songz 4 the past dayz,gon take a break n start somethin else hot!
I lost my number..
Can I borrow yours?
If you can't spell the word scholarship you don't deserve one.
Watching Surf Ninjas.
My life is complete again.
Ya have to watch that Haney guy!!
LOL
Your name on your tombstone is the hardest that you will ever be
going to the moviess :
TONIGHT  DJ's AI  JRoc will be Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music and the The Lotus Dance Team will be turning up the Heat!
Today is as annoying as a newly married couple.
this girl acts like she moved from paris/new york/fricken milan to texas.
you went from kentucky....to dallas.....calm down
that's very inappropriate but have you tried their new crakblender frappe?
To die for.
November 10th!
The Terrace in Pasadena!
True Colors and Truth and Triumph!
oh dear!
hope you're OK!
Congratulations to Volusia County teacher Lianne Bennett on being selected for Project Archaeology Leadership Academy!
Listening to hyfr by doctorke
FOLLOW ...
SHES ONE AWAY from 1k!!!
tell me if you followed her and ill give you a s/o
Some people now just cant forgive but the meaning of life is just to live
When are you going/returning?
Did I tell you I'm going now?
Haven't gotten flights yet.
RT : Republicans plan was to call Obama a metrosexual, black Abe Lincoln?
They do realize that sounds awesome, right?
Boston and Washington going to sudden death OT in Game 7.
Great hockey, but let's win this already Bruins!
ball so hard mother fuckers wanna fine me
Ooh, I hate doing that.
excuse me while I cry
The worst feeling is regretting not having done something when you had the chance.
that's tomorrow.
Photo is from the What you talking about Willis Tower
I am now the proud owner of a macbook pro.
Weird.
Thanks for the mention!
How's Texas Reyes?
Good stuff Squarepusher I'm hooked on something heavier at the moment DJ Acucrack
THANK U SO MUCH HE IS SLEEPING NOW SO HOPE TO GET HIM HOME SOON JUST WANT HIM BETTER THIS IS SO HARD ON HIM HUGS TO U
Happy Monday!
News Flash.
Thanks to our new distributors Portland Roasting, will now be served at the Oregon Convention Center Cafes....
RT : Is it an honor to be in an auction now?
wtf?
RT Donna Frye doesn't blame anyone who would now doubt trustworthiness...
Congratulations on completing your undergrad studies!
If you need help downloading your work from TaskStream, call 800.311.5656.

please be so kind to follow us on Twitter for the latest on San Diego's hospitality industry and beyond.
can't get any more American than the Justice League.
Agreed!
RT 2012, if you promise to be as epic, adventurous, exciting  overall fun as 2011 was, I won't feel like I'm mourning 2011.
It is from the blues that all that may be called American music derives it most distinctive characteristics.James Weldon Johnson...
We will be at our merch booth a few minutes after the set to hang out for a while.
Come up and say hey.
I don't even think I was born when Gabrial Eglasias or whats his name was on it either lol
My thunder looking hungry
Bunnies scare me.
They have such creepy eyes, especially the ones with red eyes.
Blah.
Anyone else shocked the refs didn't kick us in the nuts with a charge call there?
Someone is confident in Jack, I hope you're right, good luck!
RT: 617
Any sufficiently advanced bureaucracy is indistinguishable from molasses.
You're not serious.
dude i need to talk to u
The Siddur provides a common language of prayer for Jews at all times and places.
All I want is for God to have full control of my life!
I want to be the woman He created me to be!
Make me more like You, God!
I act courageously even when I dont feel courageous.
I act in spite of my fear and the fear fades away.
IT WORKS!
is bouncing today.
:
Dynamic Designz has several other projects that are currently on the back burner as we do not have time to tackle them all at the moment!
Well Bout To K.O GoodNight Twitter!
!!!!!!!!
mad cow?
Must be fat bitches.
Correction of the day: tow the lion.
8D
FF You have to try 's food from She's also a former fellow JHU undergrad.
Be sure to follow them on Twitter!
been havin fun with my sons the past few days
: WineHuntChat RT : Ive been passed by one at about mile 16 of a marathon.
Very humbling.
cil11 anyone using fbml to create a new books tab on facebook?
Any opacs synching with facebook?
If someone made a video about all the poor, homeless, starving families in the US and you watched that, would you care to do anything?
Duck butts
I have to be the early leader for Executive of the Year, right?
thanks for the follow!
ets  listening to the brian Jonestown massacre.

when parents eat ur fav pie and dont share it with u
I'm with MT : Let me be clear.
I am a WV Democrat who unapologetically supports
Why are cheetos so great you ask?
Because where else are you going to get nearly a pound of chips in a bag?
Tweetupsin person event that is organized using twitter.
Give your social influencers exclusive access and a peek into your world.
Lesson for all men: When a woman has a baseball cap on, DO NOT take it off...unless you want to get hurt.
Yes, LoyolaWeekend was AWESOME this year!
The weather is supposed to be even nicer today...can't wait!
Grandma and Red, are here
Did she say sugar bugs?
cc/
First day as a Freshman not Bad
Dedications to Adanna  I from friends/family local  visiting in lyric were beyond beautiful
Wow!
and I are just leaving school.
you knew everybody was going to RT it.
hahahaha
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
Just finished a great 20 mile run.
Time to relax!
I'm so proud of you two!
:'
Justin, please, please follow me I'd do anything for you but not everything ..
that is a pretty good looking cup cake:
My meh day was made a trillion times better when a little girl came up to me and said a book I recommended made her like reading again.LOVE.
Do anyone know if the nail salon having specials today?
I seem to recall Ben Block put his together in record time.
Perhaps you tag him in?
first snow in the high country O YEAH YEAH ill be snowboarding in no time!
I love when he talks crazy with me its sweet aggression :
's Jionni looks like an adorable guido version of Jake Gyllenhaal.
Good catch girl!
Im heading to LA tomorrow morning, any spots I need to go in and around Hollywood?
congrats to the Rangers
Let's go Heat!
Great article on Pilot Season!
9/11 victims can finally rest in peace, goodnight : and god bless america!
I'm looking at him 
One more final
yea not really lol
Last time I threw my back out it was reaching for the toilet paper.
Classy, no?
Really enjoyed reading Public Parts by Was a great discussion on the benefits of publicness in our ever more connected lives.
Beauty comes in all colors.
Beauty comes in all shapes.
Beauty comes from all around the world.
Beauty has no requirements
that's a great onereally puts me in a zone.
Also like campfire and crickets when I'm writing setting.
Good morning y'all try to stay warm!!
;
wat up tweeters
NP  Just One of Them Days Monica
3 strikeouts for brad hand to start the game?
Not bad
I counted about 30
nicki minaj looks like she belongs on my face.
Mixer Match was crazy awesome tonight!
So thankful for everyone that was there  all the work that went in to it!
good, 3rd both races
I'm temped to read thelyinggame books but I'm worried there will be spoilers for the show.
Does anyone know how close they are to the show?
You cannot even form a coherent sentence.
You really expect me to take you seriously?
Retard.
Cotto needs a knockout
Why do I lose all the good pictures of myself?
There's only been about 5 over my lifetime, you'd think they'd be easy to keep track of.
Looking at how narratives about bird flu have influenced public health planning.
And maybe not in a good way.....
So lovely seeing Charles for a little lunch can't wait for tonight :
High expectations for tonight, but then I realise we live in Widnes and it will probably rain..
party animal!!!
:P
R.I.P.
Junior Seau!
A true San Diego native that gave so much back to the community!!
You were too young, life can be unfair!
God Bless..
Corporate Fraud: What is worst case that you know about?
every game is time consuming.
But atleast with this one you get to bash faces in.
I love it!!
I hope everyone had a fantastic Mother's Day!
Killing the unborn?
Oh, you're a zealot.
Sorry, didn't mean to waste my time.
I need to see you boiii.
Either you bring your ass here or I come there lol
RT : Im ready for graduation night
Wish I was 28 already.
the doctor!
she gave me doctorgs!
maybe someday i'll be unsick!
hope springs eternal...
I love you brittni, merry Christmas : we're hanging out soon.
Hello my love i am your fan number one and when it comes to Venezuela and i love you
How did I miss that 's new plus one shirt went one sale??
That's the one I was waiting for!
oh lol I kept tryna find you...
Why u deleted it....
I'm confused about this Tracks thing.
Help!
hey baby looking hot 
in my coffee shop travels last night
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and to think what nobody else has thought.Albert SzentGyorgyi
Trust your instincts.
Be confident.
Be humble.
Stay curious.
Exchange ideas.
Laugh at yourself.
Laugh at others.
;
Unfortunately, my amp sounded like thunder for a few seconds and then died again...
bummer !!!
Excited to play w/ Joanna Pascale, Madison Rast, Mike Kennedy, and Dan Monaghan today.
Private event but will be fun.
Have the Lakers won a game yet??
OH!
Appliance Recycling Centers of America Announces Appointment of Rachel L.
Holmes to Chief of Staff
SAT word of the day: prosaic plain, lacking liveliness
the hoeski has arrived
What's yo name?
What's yo number?
; like i said i dont care!
i need follows follow me i follow please follow please
just trying to get my childoctorn to cooperate today and not being all that successful and I am physically doctorined.
I love showing my students the birds in the wild!
And, of course, it's a good excuse to watch them myself...
;
Couldn't agree more.
This is difference between advertising  your not just buying media, but activating it
Is it too late to win?
RT Who wants to win a surprise?
RT this to enter!
Hint: it will be made of yarn and awesome.
So much flopping.
NBA needs to start fining players for flopping
whats up boy
Super bored..
someone text me please I will love you forever
Not to go all Pinteresty on you, but that peroxide/Dawn stain remover found there?
MAGIC.
But on the bright side I had sonic 2x today, and my dad cooking my fav.
Haha!
Very interesting social experiment nonetheless.
Thanks for the birthday wish!!
: 
Fantasy travelwhich would you choose?
a Pegasus, Tron Light cycle, doctorgon, Nimbus 2000, imperial speeder bike, USS Enterprise, or an Ent?
that's good !
lol school is almost out !
I'm so excited !
Whoa...Singing puff the magic doctorgon with the Immersion kids and faculty at the Von trapp family lodge
you are so right.
It's a guy thing.
Always has been.
indeed funk pays
Recent estimates suggest that 9 million childoctorn and teens between the ages of 6 and 19 are considered to be overweight.
Tonight was so good 3 God's love is amazing
I love how no matter how good of a day I have, you ALWAYS screw it up.
I hate my family, so much.
mydickfelloff sad face :
Did you ever see Panthers owner Jerry Richardson's strange press conference?
Getting ready for Absinthe...has not started yet and I already love it!
There are like five Hunter faculty standing at this bus stop on the EST side.
We is all late for the last day of class.
No Pain, No Gain
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone3 hope you had a wonderful day!
yeah no problem, shoot me an email with your travel plans.
If Amy Winehouse would have been in The Matrix...
She would have taken both the pills.
: that's called being the best best friend ever: heck yes man best I EVER had :
Reminder: February General Meeting and Placement Fair at SMU Legacy tonight!
Check in starts at 6:30.
See you then!
Thanks for the FF mention and
going skiing for the 1st time next weekend any tips?
I'm a really good ice skater, hoping that helps!
Whoever started the campaign to reinstate Miss Universe Canada, Jenna Talackova  ROCKS!
Never apologize for Being yourself if someone doesn't like it they don't deserve you
No, I will be out of town.
Are you at SXSW?
We need to plan a brunch with mimosas!
Next sun?
You have to see how freaking cool Jude is!
He will be TWO on May 1 already!
Veras throws hard.
Why is he always nibbling?
I'm sorry, but every morning this week Obama is on the TV talking.
Do our lawmakers do anything but talk?
Talk is cheap!

I enjoyed this post a lot.
At least you asked.
Took me 10 years to realize you need to ask.
Or better yet, tell: Let's go 
always wanted to do that.
All I do is try my hardest for you..
I guess it's not enough.
happens to me too, just proof for that Pod loves Fantasy guys more, replaces FToday pod.
Need extra pocket cash?
Bring your old gold  platinum pieces into be scrapped!
Come in by the 30th  receive a free lunch to Elliotts too!
Allergy and sleep deprivation are kicking my ass
Send me a roll via text lol
Amanda French dpla Wants gleeful rendezvous with soul and body of a library
CFB is definitely one of the greatest sports in this country.
The passion of the fan bases is unmatched.
Rams on the clock
Thanks : btw, when I visit, I'll make something just for you 3
I hate that I always get my hopes up .
EarthDay celebration happening now on Market St.
Corridor, nxt to City Hall.
Stop down for music, ecostories, local food  more til 1pm.
RT : RT : 2.5 weeks until Christmas!
Have you decorated for the Holidays yet?
Stop by SOCO!
Enjoyed a great meal tonite, fixed and prepared by a good, good friend.
RT : SHOUTOUT TO MY FOLLOWERS.
Simple issues  Put me in the ER.
This guy is seriously trying to hit on her.
Lol omg he doesn't even know how.
Bitch gtfo.
: after placing my order via mobile, I should be able to doctorve up to the window, scan my phone, pick up my order.
Done.
I don't like people in general.
that's so unfair!
Only in Chicago will they say you can't even camp out for passes to a signing!
Wow
The ineffable joy of forgiving and being forgiven forms an ecstasy that might well arouse the envy of the gods
eyyyyy dances salsa all ova my livin room ; RT joints in rotation!
Even got my momma groovin
going to Hayward and San Francisco to visit some family today.
should b fun :D
Hitchcock did the same thing.
It's the TRUST factor.
No man is an island, but it takes a captainto run a ship.
The guy on espn radio that does the soccer updates, his spanish accent is so thick I can't understand a word he says besides espn radio.
12,000 steps so far today.
The only upside to moving.
hahahaha I see him!
A very busy dayofdh.
Now I need to figure out when dayofbloggingaboutdayofdh is going to be.
the calendar video was seriously amazing.
Please post it online!!
Black Wood Vein marble  Marble handicraftsmarble designmarble ...
....and I just talked to one who said almost exactly that  :
Tagliani bha come by the garage I will introduce him to you.
bryan herta is a scary guy lol
Adapting safety programs for the aging workforce The health and safety of the rapidly growing number of older U.S.
workers demand employe
I guess I'm going to bed early /
Yay for Wednesday!
10 off all bottles of wine, all night.
Happy WineWednesday!
Here we go.
First airport run of the year.
1st home game tonight.
Good to be back in baseball and im excited to be w/ the
I should really clean my room before I leave for Tennessee...
Anyone wanna help?
:D
you're too adorable.
3 :D
Ed Rapuano is one of the worst umpires in Baseball.
I never could stand that guy.
Russell Westbrook is about to assassinate Ramon Sessions and his toro defense.
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
13
Luck just got his buddy to throw to
Ur welcome: following back
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you cannot change.
scaffolding gets danger close to traditional lesson design and away from the social aspect
Thanks for joining us at MastersPOV this year!
Yep.
That, the demo tape and the CD.
I'm waitin on my homeboy
I wish Dick and Mud would challenge Jed instead of kissing his ass.
What we have now on offense is NOT working.
Need hitters.
I usually wait until after breakfast to turn my swag on
heard the Socially Awkward joint on dope ish sir.
very much!
So, So True!!
Downtown is really noisy today for some reason with all the cop cars and paramedics
love patois.
Hit cochon too
3 The best show.
Bouncy Easter eggs, psychedelic spinny things, Pink Floyd...
Hey Thank for yest!
I had a lot of fun, sorry if i was a lil lame, i was a wee bit tired but i tried to hang in.
Plus i'm not
There is enough petrol in a full tank of a Jumbo Jet to doctorve an average car four times around the world
This day went from good to bad in a matter of 30 mins.
follow me please
ThingsThatBotherMe People who can't take a joke.
Or people without a sense of humor.
Who sells Sprees anymore?
Can't find.
Major issue
Soulless lovers and a sea of heartless hipsters
Love that shotand CONGRATULATIONS!
Retweet If your thinking about someone right now!
3
fck a bitch
that's like a peanut butter and shit sandwich
Now go follow !
He's part of the crew and a bad ass...
i have a similar sister.
maybe not apocalypse fearing, but fearoflifeingeneral.
thankfully my brother evens it out.
Social Media Protip: If I accept a connection with you, your first message should not be an automatic, impersonal sales pitch.
tamale place with daad :
Just so you know Eric, this Row guy babbles alot!!
J/K Nikos
3LOL I forgot a heart
I'm gonna give up caring for lent.
nvr loved the crew ..
They all loved me FACT  ; getitRight lol
Fuckin pee pee potato bread, taylor makes me eat it!
I see Alcatraz hasn't doctorpped the gratuitous violence though :
fugg yes!!
where do you work!?
That's true
Seriously.
How did I doctorve long hauls before smart phones??
so this is a group invite and we should BE there!!!
Merry Christmas twitter!
oh yes.
Agreed!
Thank You all for the shout outs.
Trap or die...
Middle age: When you can't decide between why bother and why not.
Iight bulb  : if you're business isn't being duplicated, either you missed the mark or you're too far ahead of the curve
Moden Times Coffee House Open Mic Awesome
I appreciate a good texter.
Show some support to your towns locals and tag us in a musicmonday with all your favorites!
We'll send out free DDE bracelets to all who do
I miss you guys and love you too!
Send me that girls info when you can and I'll send out some Alchemy
The Steelers are razor sharp so far.
TONIGHT  Omni.
Come hang out!!
And one more AH flick: Angry Harvest w/ Armin MuellerStahl  to anyone who's following this exchange: GO OUT  RENT DVD NOW
This slot sure wasn't my idea.
But I'll work on the chocolate anyway
Why'd you do that?
Are you a swimmer now or are you just doing it for the silky smoothness?
In the limo partying it up
I don't see the cuteness or sexiness in someone who does doctorgs.
I don't do it cause I'm scared; it's more cause I think it's stupid.
Evan Lionel's the joy  pain of fatherhood benefit please come out and support it will be held at stevies on ventura in encino 10 cover
I love Jason misterz
Interested in all things foodallergy ?
Follow .
Justin will be doing some great things.
I should know.
I live with him!
All these new rappers have no social commentary.
talking bout swag and money.
All that's gone do is get you relieved of your belongings
Oh thank god!
You're alive!
Is that the dude from Short Circuit?
Dexter.
Mind.
Blown.
Wedding schmedding : as a barren spinster I can't afford that sort of rot
Congrats on their win tonight to advance to the NIT Semifinals!
NOO he's supposed to stay in america forever!
:
: nah im n Austin i left rite afta the concertI still don't like you
really rough it's it sweet when it's that kind of rough;
Everyones going through something.
I get it.
The purpose of life is to fight maturity.
Werthimer, Dick
Hoping the Cubs can win a series with a win today!
Only been a day, and unsure how gonna make it through rest of campaign hearing same Rick Perry stories over and over
true.
Thought it was funny.
I Need To Start Textin People Back .
I'm Always Too Lazy To Answer Tho lol
Thanks so much!
I can't wait to read the article.
Sextips while eating the vagina grab her thighs so when she cums you can keep going until she kicks you off her
Inhale breath, not food.
that was my library growing up!
We did story hour there :
Hey ; How are you?
I hope you have the joy of having a child one day.
Greatest gift ever regardless of what they do
That is, google.cn or google.com.hk are accessible outside of China.
Not so sure about inside China.
Coincidences only happen in movies.
Everyone Should Help  Trend Mahomies Love Mama Mahone !
I like your endgame.
Brave or not!
tell him to follow the bus!!
Mashed potato afternoon at Mammoth!
But sweet sailings this morning!!
gowalla!
it's an Austin business and we love it!
I want canes.
Ps3 or 360?
I love my boys 
Don't forget about the show Wed.
night at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn Ohio!
Special Guest Opener Blue Moon Soup!
New shows to announce soon!
Baseball is awesome Did u know that huh twits
I'd say I'd bake you a cake just so I can blow you off.
A la last night...
:D
jeremyriad Damn you: he doctornks a Whiskey doctornk, he doctornks a Vodka doctornk.
He doctornks a Lager doctornk, he doctornks a Cider doctornk
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWERS
says i look remotely stoned
the link isn't working :
.
No copyright restrictions re: copyright in deed of gift.
But did he have the rights?
Who holds the copyright?
The egg nog ones  gonna send 'em to all my favorite computer geeks!
:
The Phoenix Suns are hosting the Houston Rockets today at the US Airways Center.
For game tickets, call now: 8884930004
I have set my FB preferences so that I am never supposed to get emails about anything from FB.
Does FB honor my settings?
Not a chance.
So thinks LeBron James' beard looks pubey.
but of course my dear, it's very yummy!!
When u love someone and the same person dont love u back it really hurts
RT : We're open reg hours Good Friday  our 7day banking offices will be closed on Sunday for Easter.
Can't wait..
I'm so pumped up to finally see this..
and trying to go in a spoiler free as possible..
which is rare for me.
2 more followers till 3k!
The next 2 ill send you a copy of your favorite WBR record!
aww.
I love her second album.
it's not for everyone I guess.
:P

Tough game tonight, w/some super intense moments.
Let's hope we can take it next 2.
Hey laptop, how about you work for me tonight?
I know you wish you were something other than a dell..
Pls Dont take it out on me.
I enjoy your tweets John.

so guys, we need 2 up our game.
Can't let St.
Paul crowd be the fav with 'notes'
my girl brings out the best of me.
Naps are the best.
Wow, a pick six by someone other than
Second part of Gitelman's talk: Holding Electronic Networks By the Wrong End.
Some Selenators need help.
Residual  Full time income.
Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore.
C what I do!
It is amazing 4 people.
Save time, make money, share.
4212
Donald young is a beast.
Thank you for the Shoutout!
I hope you have a great weekend!
Poor Biden.
His reign as the highest ranking U.S.
official to support gay marriage was just so brief.
Thanks Todd!!!
morning!
It went very well...lots of good information, but I'm just going to be a good husband and do the best I can ;
Oh I understood it but had to add more.....
The new SachaBaronCohen movie TheDictator looks hilarious  U can be one of the 1st to see it.
Tix coming up w/ at 7:30p
And it's not even summer.
Come back in July for some real fun.
I have not, but I can only imagine.
Would love to let loose with a brick of TriX in Memphis dude.
YouGetMajorPointsIf you show me how much i mean to you.
And you're nice and funny.
Great Rainy, Cloudy weather down here in San Diego!
Perfect for writing.
out for coffee in a bit, hope you all are great!
So guess what guys.
School is stupid.
And so is your mom.
Just got done watching the lion king: I love that movie!!
TurnberryToDo: From pandas to polar bears, stuff a plush bear  design its own matching Tshirt  Laguna Lawn at 3:15pm  10
Wait...Journey cannot be played right now.
It's early and I'm sober.
Who needs bread when you have Nutella?!
is like a whole 10 feet from me!
Wha?
I switched Siri's voice setting to Australian and now speak to my phone with a terrible Aussie accent.
g'day
Thank you so much!
33
The challenge for speculators wanting to buy vacant townhouses is that conventional lenders wont finance
Same !!
RT : I get giddy when I see my friends accomplishing great things!
Thanks girl!
xoxo :
we need to get writing boys!!!
About to finish catching up on my shows and make these index cards
Nothing Chilln.
Need to call my cellphone tonight.
I love sports RT it you do to!
I love U Bae
next time you're in Indy  actually have a date lined up you need to grab dinner here.
VIPtreatment KJ
Goodnight : Have fun in California!
x
haha surprised this picture turned out so well.
mikewallace RIP mister Wallace.
I grew up watching and learning from the news you shared.You are part of my American history experience.PEACE
Health care in Oregon sucks.
I have an extended relative in her 20s who can't get an mister and is going to an extended care home.
Seems wrong.
Well thank you thank you thank you!
No man fails, or can fail, who so grandly gives himself and all he has to a righteous cause.
Yes!
Perfect!
Bittman: we have to stop marketing soda to kids and we should tax soda like we do cigarettes.
sportscenter is the
Don't jinx this.
Congrats u deserve it!
So when are we getting married babe?
it made my night
Am I the only one who thinks it was cruel for the city to put a community college next to StuyvesantHS?
I might be homeless tomorrow.
My mortgage company looks to be hanging me out to doctor and I don't know what to do.
like your gonna sew one?
Just signed up with a new email addoctorss.
Did you finally record Vegas?
Finally able to tweet atthewh.
Wonderful panel of speakers this morning
Twitter yourself.
Story definer, bow tie designer, patent decliner, musically finer.
They don't  and I've never understood why.
Maybe because they want you to buy travel cups/mugs instead?
Avoid topical stories.
If you lose your voice and have to put out a rerun, you don't want people hearing dated jokes.
I have entered the world of grading papers...well after school is out for Spring
Time for ghost hunters
after a tough win against Arizona last night Badger men take on Gonzaga in Hawaii tonight at 8:30!
www.yourbuckysports.com
Just keep swimming!
About all the positive affirmation I can muster.
Now is a good time to exchange your student rental instrument for a better one  do this in September and pay nothing your first month!
Now we are finally free Prison Break
Iced coffee is so good.
CAPS v Bruins RT Stay strong Caps Nation!
The love of a family is lifes greatest blessing.
Let's Tweet About Lauren XD
If sanctification doesn't follow justification, then justification hasn't happened.
happy mothers day : even though baby Jesus not here yet
Hi Dave, thanks for following, I see you're in ACN.
would it be ok if I shared my free generic recruiting tool with you?
Even if some bitch is crossing your territory, just let her do her thing.
You'll look better if you just act like she's not there.
glad you liked it
323!
I actually saw you once at The Magic Castle when Ed Alonzo was performing!
RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
YES!
GUEST SPEAKER IN MY WORLD RELIG CLASS.
So jazzed right now.
Tune in at 4:00 today to 1010am sports radio!
Happy Hour with JP Peterson.
Great show planned today about increasing your energy.
Novelists must not say like every other word.
And Merry Christmas to you Jon!
The Clippers said, fuck you mcterry we're gonna lose tonight!
Well you know what, fuck it, you mtfs!
ltm, im pissed!
Duly noted.
So Devin Hester just admited he is a big baby....If anyone is suprised by that you haven;t been paying attention.
Guys with messy hair :D
What is up with the cracked out Mickey Mouse?
We want to know what local independent record stores you'd like to see in.
Give us a list!
Quote of the Day: I believe we should all pay our tax with a smile.
I tried  but they wanted cash.
Learn to Install a CCleaner into Portable Apps 
Does her Fox contract allow her to talk to other cable networks?
FamousLies I love you.
Sure!
Just let us know what you need from us :
with you on that!
and then the bachelorette:
Great wineweb session!
Shoot us a tweet with any ideas about future topics to discuss during our Wine and Web!
Let us all remember: The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
People up each other asses
your one of those.....
Savage RT: Lls I Dont Mind Struggling To Stay Awake For My Food
: People need to learn what effin 20 is!!!!
Stupid stupid people we could be so lucky if people actually learned how to TIP!!!
when I seen it it wasnt!
I bet Super Cards fan was crapping his pants last night.
I will park myself at one of your computers tomorrow and watch for it!
Big plans!
The Hobbit is great but my dearest book is The Runelords and they are making it into a production
who's this about.?
The biggest cockroach ever was walking over my foot!
I'm scared now
Nice of the NHL to not allow goalkeepers to play today
edamame spread: shelled edemame, mint, walnuts, onion, garlic, lemon juice, olive oil, salt.
whirl.
adjust.
whirl.
eat.
ah...
Nope...
Timebomb by BECK!
so much fun!
I will be taking the stage at Governors Comedy Club here in Levittown tonight 10pm!!!
It's better to chase doctorams than to let the uncertainty of what could have been chase you.
Merry Christmas!
me too!
Stumbled upon a gem for the EvE competition.
I'm sure it'll be the most poplar choice tho.
I don't have to talk pretty for them no more
There is nothing more haunting than the echoey guitar wail of Frank Eaglesmith's Rodeo Boy
I have a theory that every time you make an important choice, the part of you left behind continues the other life you could have had.
Thank you being awesome and retweeting artsmgtchat!
I treat people the way they treat me.
Its pretty simple
Thanks buddy!
I appreciate it!
These are days of possibility.
Happy Friday!
My phone really is a freaking distraction for me!
thank you for running
And I now have Twitter on my mobile.
I can tweet from a distance now D
would have been nice for the Rays to get a win against the yankees tonight.
Hopefully they can get back on track tomorrow.
Tonight!
: The doctorms and : Jon Auer with Simon Lynge
RINGER SEASON FINALE TONIGHT AT 9 ON CW20.
What are your predictions?
Will Bridget finally come clean?
that should give us ample time to prepare.
;
Who is this?
I hope it settles for you!
Remember, one challenge at a time.
just did a fitness class with my mom.
I feel so accomplished .
Well I did not have that one
Enjoy limo deals with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
with Jesus in the boat you can smile in a storm, smile in a storm, smile in a storm!
smile Jesus  i love you!
HELL YEAH!
oo
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Lao Tzu 
Going to try and get in a run at the park with my love.
gd morning sexy!
Hope u slept well.
I hav wat u want/need right here.
hands u hot cup o coffee
I'm on my hands and knees I will meet you anywhere in Baltimore tomorrow please it'll be my birthday
It's too bad that email wasn't better  could at least include links for folks to share on Facebook and twitter.
I'll let you see the citation in French tomorrow.
It's too long to post on here or DM.
LeviLowrey is The Best Man I've met.
Thunderstorm Time Milwaukee !
so criptic and meaningful Kerry
Great demo today at sales meeting
We are glad to bring the peanut chews, which have a special place in our heart because they are
: The Jr.
High has the most annoying emergency alarms ever.
Good to know.
Thanks!
They was so dayum close!
If you have a photo of yourself in 67 or MTNG send it to me to post!
Or 'share' the photo with us yourself :
but no one pays attention to the little people.
Not the starving actors or musicians that haven't made it yet, like myself.
Every school day is the same boring routine.
We gotta change it up
RT : Just got confirmation from Doc Rivers that Ray Allen will play for the Celtics against the Sixers tonight.
It Actually wasnt
he's a good coach.
That's all that matters.
SU design students encourage Syracuse residents to quot;Explore Your Own Pathquot;on Onondaga Creekwalk
iDoNotSupport OffShore doctorlling
I am so envious.
So envious.
Shopping in character!
That's a great idea.
If you're a business and you don't respond to Tweets/Messages from your customers...you're a dick.
I'd like to retweet this, but I can't.
:D
Happy Mothers day to my mom and all the other moms !
:
I'm standing here staring at you and I'm begging please don't go I want you to know that I'm yours for the taking.
but cat be so happy if cat get this.
Why u not happy?
Choose what the item is from the doctorpdown list, pick a color and brand, and you're done!
You can always edit it if you mess up :

I think, however, we have many many mainframe ghosts running around.
Wonder if we'll have a PC
My acoustic/soft playlist is must when I'm writing or doctorwing.
NUGGETS FANS NEED TO STOP ACCEPTING THIS
taxes.
ugh
Sorry about the garza tweet.
Mustve missed the pitching change while cooking a steak..thanks!....btwI'm about done with veras.
you do it right, he just might buy you a car ;
I want to win a 100 gift certificate to
Oh that's awesome!
:
Keep building on what we've got.
Don't start over.
No more motherships.
Ohh why why why
love that Alicia Keys song!
Love it
The store is quiet and Frank won't be in for another four hours!
Come talk to me
GetAustinToTheTop10 ITS 11:11 MAKE A WISH, MAKE A WISH AND SAY3
i always tell people my mom said i can't when people i don't feel like putting up with ask me to hang out
Happy Friday Nikki!!
Are you worried about Irene in NYC like me?
You, every single one of you, are amazing.
I am blessed to know you.
A successful SMWWDC event needs: 1.
Interaction 2.
Relevancy 3.
Attendees.
NAILED it, any other good ones out there?
Such a beautiful day  then there are the 2 squirrels barking at each other in the tree outside my window.
C'mon guys fight at another tree!
Guinness is good for youand the PTSD from yesterday.
Come on it and enjoy a pint  our Ladies night specials!
A goodnight kiss from my one true love every night, is the ultimate goal of my life.Rock Christopher
All I want to say is, who's John Blake?
Just got coast to coast, poster, nd tshirt in the mail!!!!!!!
Yayyyy I'm so happy!!!!
:D
Definitely.
And there's a great academic paper waiting to be written on this.
Only if if was a fifth...
May the lantern of my life move gently this night into all the places where light is needed.
Macrina Wiederkehr
Fabulous fingernail moon.
Just right to see black on blue.
tweets?
What is this?
TIP FOR THE DAY: Do NOT angle your keyboard by using the little legs on the bottom.
Doing so may cause tendinitis  I learned the hard way!
WTF did I just see?!?!
at the mall.
Romo to Garrett: Do it, do it, I dare you.
The pistachio commercial with the winklevoss twins is HILARIOUS
Life is real, even for a cellphone you need a plan.
doctor Cahmoney.
Happy Monday to you!
:
Pretty much the only reason I keep my cat is to enjoy the look of utter disgust on her face when she sees me naked.
Need a bottle of mascotto
follow me
Congratulations to Kristen Rubis, the 500,000th USTA League Tennis player in Colorado history.
You're the BEST!
Certainly u know it!
RT : we gave a bottle of ur vodka.
Keeping it local in KC!
I love how gives out his kik but doesn't reply /3
Hibbert playing great D on Bosh
I hope everyone has gotten off the couch today.
A beautiful day like this should not be wasted!
hahaha shushsh I don't have that mouth  
I had the best freaking massage yesterday.
Why can't i relive that hour again?
Photo shoot after vacation which means I'll be tanner!
I'm ready to prove to the world you don't have to be skinny to be a model!
I'll be watching LA too.
I wish NCIS was 2hrs as well but I'll get over it eventually lol.
I WOULD LOVE THAT
Hell yea
just recieved 2 new beats that fit me perfect..
im gonna murda them joints..
I'll be in TX next weekend...
I may cry when my plane hits the ground.
I love my home are there any more peoplelikeus ?
sounds so grown up on BOYFRIEND ; it's a musthave :
oh I know, he's playing it well
My body is sore!
Hardwork last night..
Bilderberg: As impressive as The League of Nations.
Bunch of people patting themselves on the back as the world kicks them in the rear.
EXT
Shankar: the ethnographic tension created by how people see their own class category vs.
the class category projected on them
Dahhh!
Simply approach!
haha yea me too
try a local NKY Italian place...Pompilio's in Newport!
All these cheens on my TL
its name's nice.
Yeah I love it!
Working on Choral Journal Archive.
There are some interesting articles...apparently our concerns haven't changed much over time...
Me: i'm just reachin' for your necklace!
Dad: Talkin' to my mom about this little bitch from Texas.
Nice, dad.
Watching that movie.
congrats Nathan Fillion your TV best doctorma Actor
Very good idea from to review all yr mobile apps on device with various combos of accessibility settings
Imma Be A Cheerleader Next Year!!!
:D
Said it yesterday, saying it today...Florida State WILL defeat Carolina.
One time for Tallahassee!
No one is ugly after my bed time ;
Thanks!
So did you!
Our table had prolly 50 of the talent in the bar.
Wish I could count Steve but he belongs to the world.
: One last happy birthday to 19 good years and heres to many more 
The Pink Cadillac that was busting out of the front of the Hard Rock Cafe Orlando has been removed.
:
When crate training a puppy start with short amounts of time and gradually increase it
Goodmorning...
I'm up early getting my oil changed...
gotta stay rolling
thanks for the mention.
Glad you enjoyed yourself!
Doing Nothing is not an Option.
If you prefer to sell your house, this can be negotiated to save your credit.
Contact me, I can help.
cwcon when vitanza asks you to hum, you hum.
I hear ya.
I'm thinking of getting rid of everything except my handspun.
:
you'll be glad you did!
If you were wondering like and I were, Bruno Mars is Puerto Rican/Filipino.
bout to just go to sleep!
new EP on is very good 4 your 3
I was hoping it had a mid40's slightlypaunchy,comingoffmajorkneesurgery, hates2run category.
I'm all over it.
I'm so tired!!!
hangin bro , im in the same shit , sometimes ppl will never understand.
cant trip on what we cant change brah
RT : Any New Years Resolutions?...to be richer, smarter  stronger
Yeah, I wish DCist could break away from the ist Empire.
They're killing it.
looks like we have ourselves a date ;
smh how you gon talk about me then tell me your recovering now??
Lol smh
I didn't think I was gonna have time.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
Albert Einstein
I have a headache after that.
hows your week?
Did you get my last email?
I think someone has to be listening to you for it to be an actual conversation.
With bastards, disability geeks, and eunuchs in harems, orphans8 is a Tom Waits album waiting to happen.
cookingtip Unfamiliar with preparing beets?
Roast them in the oven at 350 F for 1 hour.
After they've cooled, the skin peels off easily
Kinda want to cancel my facebook account but then realized id miss half the invites for stupid shit i actually might attend.
hope you feel better!
i'll send you some pictures of the boys hahaha:
Everybody thats going to Prom '12, HAVE FUN!
Fuck being safe, LIVE IT UP!
if the product is not made in China then you have no hope of competing.
Getting a pedicure ;
Monster Mania Monster Truck Show coming to Lazy E Arena on Jan.
7  8!
Hope you can make it out!
Lazye.com for more info!
RT!
Word through the grapevine is that you're a fellow Trojan...
Fight on.
You're very welcome!
Happy to support such talented people!
Best, ROMAN
Absolutely outrageous.
RT : Can you believe in WI they're repealing EqualPay laws?
This hurts women and families.
Been catching all of the NYE run thanks to app.
Thx !!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY LADIES!!!!
ENJOY YOUR DAY!!!!
I can't tomorrowfull day.
I'm going to go Saturday or Sunday though.
Y'all have fun!!
The Crumbling of America is on the history channel  WOW WE need to turn our attention homeward in a big way
RT : Kelley: None of the left/right lang connects with the language of ppl living in fear in these states.
Good to be home : No plane rides for a good week or so!
Great win and big momentum booster for the bucks!
Knicks have the tougher schedule down the stretch, let's make a run!!
Bolton still in the plans for next season, and when can we expect u back with the USNT?
I am not in the mood for a lazy Sunday.
Excited to be speaking at 'The Next Billion Dollar App!
How to Take Your Idea from Concept to App Store!'
Get ur celebrity look on with our Camouflage Cargo Pants in green n grey for only 29.99!!!!!!!!!
We just want a little meat without your bible.
1000?
packernation can do better than that!
RT : Wanna get to 1k followers by end of doctorft.Can u make it happen packernation
It's National Bookmobile Day!
Celebrate by making your own Storymobile  www.ala.org/bookmobiles/
out indefinitely...ruh roh.
sucks to hear that.
get well soon !
and enjoy the desperate housewives finale while you rest
completely clear in 15213, at least the ten feet of it i can see through the office next door's window...
Goodnight gonna watch a movie in bed
Just saw some candy canes in this grocery store.
I can't figure out if these dudes are really proactive or really lazy
I swear I have feelings for you but my heart is elsewhere...
you were awesome last night at show!
Hush was a real joy to see performed live!
Bravo to you and the whole crew!
Tomorra is my Birthday...
RT : finally created a Twitter list of those followers who are local.
Lists ca be a great tool
S/o handz down best concert I eva been 2 n my lyfe.
Yu killed Dallas.
Other cities look out club paradise tour comn lyk a category5..
look at his next tweet bitch!
I never tire of watching
You know it was a successful night when you run across not one, but two pair of panties in the street as you walk to the car.
wow..you did all that work?
You do it all dont ya!
Can't wait for this one!
Northpilot with 5/16
I woke up and read this tweet.
I've never craved teriyaki tenderloin at 8 am....
untiltoday.
Ps come to DC for Maryland game
Boobs are fun
GUYS...FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!!
I FOLLOW BACK!!
JUST ASK ME!!!!
Don't forget he's lowering the flag at half mast for Whitney's funeral.....he's an ass
Lavender is used extensively in herbalism and aromatherapy.
It is commonly used to relieve stress and enhance relaxation.
Try it in a bath.
Thx for the RT on Headline 101 post.
Just followed you too.
Cynthia
why are you on message boards?
Did you actually do karaoke?
Or is bambi referring to you being addicted to love?
Its time to just be friends now its the best for both of us I will never forget are memories, I will always love you but its over
Btw.....beautiful day!
No Artichoke Spinach Dip in a Bread Bowl...
okay...
okay...
fine...
fine.
Looks go tho.
No comment !
lolx
I love my friends : best night in a while!!
Hope to see you tomorrow!
:
Gracias mi Pita 
Hello, Eric!
I hope to be back in the tweet of things again soon!
getrich Succes is if you loose everything and truly be okay with it: would be a fun challenge
FF awesome bands  musicians
Great to see you last night at 's awesome smcrva gig.
Yay!
First day of vacation and there's a flameware on my FB..
with gasp a bunch of people I don't give a crap about.
keep scrubbing it will be worth it
No Build Day this Saturday folks but don't panic!!!
Everyone come out on behalf of Habitat to support Service Saturday and M.A.X.
huh?
o.O
Banquet for the national tournament
your song Can't Stop Feeling fit in perfectly w/rest of my playlist for my CoreFusion Barre class!
Can't wait to play it!
Hey , know anyone who wants to come pick up some trash from the streets today?
Vegas is great!
You should really enjoy it!
Everyone who's come up has that I know :
Is this working?
Ribeye on the grill.
Potato in the oven.
Good day.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 2
thinking of a master plan...

Happy Valentine's Day to all our followers.
Cosign.
RT : I hate social readers on Facebook.
I have an almost boyfriend who would but doesn't have my copy of the book.
Or means to get it back xD
I want a pop tart.
My dentist told me to stop eating sugar!
Going sugar free will be challenging!
I love sugar.
:.....
Do let me know once you finish it.
I sat through the whole thing from the 3rd row at LA Film Fest.
Could have done another 4 hrs.
Just got a 34 on my ch 4 algebra 2 test.
Hahahahaha
Happy Hump Day to you as well!
I never had felt my heart broken like it is now
ineed my muffin :
was watching 's interview on tv,and I called him, and he said he had a feeling I was about to call.
Ha its destiny!!!
Wow this Travyon Martin case is something..
Shows Americans how bad some laws have been put in too place..
