I guess?
Lge.
one is still top tier premier league and each league below is less prestigious or something, tho
Is in Seattle and liking it quite much!
If you eat all those cookies, Wade's gonna make you a Nose Tackle
Being real is just like being single...
No bueno, amigo!
What happened?
haha let me just throw you two
We Did It!
Made 1 on Google for Tucson Business Cards and now occupy 3 out of 10 positions on page 1.
Thanks Everyone
I hate that dude who leaches bruh name starts wit a G
I was  Manhattan School of Music for their performance of Aida then the graduation yesterday.
Some great talent coming our way
shout out to my new follower!!
and I are starting a gang, who else wants to join?
birdgang, tweet tweet.
Now the question becomes when did Alex Smith get the clutch gene?
Learn tonight a key element most network marketing opportunities are missing.
call 15077263420 then 21265
our new CEO is super interested in partnerships with local schools.
We do some with private schools in the area, but she wants
I refuse to let infatuation or what appears to be love alter my decisions.
This time I'm standing my grounds!
Congrats on your achievement.
she likes my beard
it's more wet in the bbt than outside right now.
Allow me a moment 2 congratulate MYSELF!
I give my people in da hood HOPE!
2nd time I've been featured in a magazine!!!
Man, I still can't believe they overestimated damage to the capital.
All that money wasted...what a scandal.
I love how me and Elijah can talk about literally anything and it not be akward.
Yup!
You're not the first person to say this to me today, either.
My head is throbbing, the last thing I want to do is listen to Zakkour and company bitching and moaning.
vaguest tweet ever.
After waiting an eternity to get our food, you would think they would have offered us one.
so getting home at 8 o'clock this morning having 0 hours sleep with half a shaven eyebrowProductive night
Take part in a brand new Channel 4 project  Calon FM
See flooding?
Send your pictures/videos to .
Now I'm making a complaint my toilet now sits on a lean after the so called fixed the leak they was talking bout
One to five: I'm half alive.
Six to nine: I'm out of line.
Ten to twelve: I'm not myself.
By the millionth time, I cry.
A 250 fine for a 1st time violation of daytime curfew in Chula Vista far exceeds the crime.
Wasn't that fun?!
So happy we got to hang, too!
You have an open invite to our little beachside cottage.
Clink!!
dudes aren't supposed to look at their ass and wonder why it doesn't look good.
Guys asses are not attractive period
The meaning of life...
actorsloungelive kevin sucavage is the turkey man
Thanks for soppin' by and congrats on becoming our mayor!
I'm a rich elitist stuck in a middle class budget.
if you seriously want more followers then follow my girl ri she will get you follwers asap
mybiggestprblem trying to get her back
Should not be this tired
Interested in starting your own film work?
You've already filmed your own work?
Come to Film Forward: a party for new film work.
Tweet me
While Microsoft does get points for innovation, Kinect for Xbox 360 isn't the first effort to make gaming a handsfree affair.
lol I know it's a bad habit considering 75 of the time it does not make any sense :
joe flacco, you're bad....
the good news is that mark sanchez is worse
Thanks suga RT : have a safe trip!
Michael is
Live chat with bill brands coming right up.
Technical snafu delayed launch.
Should be up by 12:30.
Very sorry
this chick won't stop callin me man.
Okay fellow Sag, all that I can say is she's steppin' out!
I think it's great.
Love it!
Wish could!
: Looking fwd 2 meeting u two!
Denise : Waiting for and then we are on road for 140mtl
Ford pants.
'nuf said.
I do believe in people maybe a little too much.
I like to think all people have good hearts
No , gino got me out and like 5 mins later he got out
What to be successful?
Remove wish, if, and can't from your vocabulary.
you the best my nigga
At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can.
Frida Kahlo
I'm To Fresh To Fighht Somebody Go Get Security
HAPPY NEW YEARS.......
2012...
BEST WISHES TO EVERYONE
: Music was my refuge.
I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
Maya Angelou truth!
I'm gonna regret this sleeping schedule when I gotta get up for class monday!
Oh well YOLO...
haha I've never actually used that phrase b4
If only you can see what I've seen with your eyes.
Blade Runner
Finally getting that the beach is west, not east
Found a small little puppy by my house.
It doesn't have a collar so I'm gonna wash him then keep him  YAY, a new puppy!!
61 days until Lead Tampa Bay Student Leadership Conference!
Who's coming?
www.LeadTampaBay.com
that doesn't sound too good.
Time to take off on they ass........Heat Nation
You have a new house?
Tell my President I said hello!
RT if you think they should make a 3D version of Coming to America
Good talk by about losing his Mom the day after the 35w bridge crash  then living his life with intent after.
Inspiring!
It's never too early to plan your fourth of July party
Maxine Hong Kingston The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed.
It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
Theres another one...3 that is..Good shot by Kobe tho
Can't wait to hit up the event tonight!!!
Great stories are timely, impact people, are unusual, and often controversial.
News is almost anything that holds someones interest.
Nobel Peace Prize for Egyptian Protesters!
WikiLeaks, not so much.
A Nobel Peace Prize For WikiLeaks?
What a DORK is Bug Selig for having to READ his congratulations to Cardinals for winning the World Series and announcing the series MVP!
SACRAMENTO CA follow the Sac State Students spending the second night on campus in protest!
Feeln sad and mad today sounds like CHERNOBOG IS OVER BEFORE IT REALLY EVEN GOT GOIN DAM THIS IS FUKIN LAME ...
The food was great, and the Bloody Marys are always delicious.
Looking forward to rooftop dining!
How was your meal?
My concentration is off line today so working on my book is a no go.
Instead I'm going to eat my pizza  watch Harry Potter movies.
:
Onetime NM gov, onetime Repub, and current Libert.
cand.
for President Gary Johnson says CO has chance to end marijuana prohibition 4 US.
Thanks for the Mention of my article!
i havent posted shit on facebook and i stay gettin notifications on invites and events and dumb shit 
RT Health e Wellness / Fitness Physique / Beauty e Fashions!!
Yes you could lol you done it before!
Encore!!
RT : anytime bro couldn't have done it without the homies!!!
seriously it is a waste I feel like just put your face on it I'm sure they'll look at your resume then
btw guys, I owe you a few glasses of wine when next in YVR.
Your leadgen tips we're fantastic.
Thx again.
Why did our leftfielder get a hit and RBI?
I thought he was supposed to be an automatic out?
hey bfino it's national kiss day..
Who will you be kissing?
;
Small world!
I was there, too!
I love socon.
Such a great event.
ha nice to meet you to Tati!
Keep in touch!
what sucks?
I am serious who will go to Nicki Minaj with me second set of rows?
I just resisted peach cobbler!
Wow, I never thought I'd see the day.
HowardStern: It seems like Michelle Bachman is taking over the whole tea party, hot, dummy thing.
I shall do that :
Guy walking around campus barefoot in the cold rain
At CEO Roundtable dinner in downtown San Diego with Congressman Brian Bilbray.
Enjoying Gameofthrones  still need a cleanse after watching some episodes, but it's almost comical headsrole wherearemydoctorgons!?!?!
only the Smiths?
Not very inspired.
I love the Smiths a LOT, but come on.
Sitting in Business Ethics wishing I was outside or in the gym.
Gonna rock out to some when I go out.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
S.
Covey
watch yo mouth
Joel, I hope he had one of those How is my doctorving bumper sticker with an 800 number...Proceed with caution!
Great response so far.
Thanks All!
Staying after school till 7.
Ahh.
De Aza's walk up song is Roll Out, they should change the words to ground out
I know its been a long time ..are you going to t.k halloween thing ?
: Yo u smashin on dat new Being Broke Is A Sin mixtape!
Good job bro bro!good look bruh
females ..
Sadly lol
you better 333
Come check out surrender tonight!
It's the night club 2 be  only !
slcwebinar PKM is about shifting responsibility for learning and knowledge from a company to individuals.
Chicago comes from the word shikaakwa, which means?
N.Amer for wild onions, aka ramps.
17th cent.
large growth of them  Chicago
did what right??
I wish I could be beautiful for you, I really do because to me you are..
LOL!
I scored an exit row seat.
Yay for legroom!
:
THATCamp PNW begins!
Intro and scheduling session.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K.
Prices go up Thursday July 1, 2010...tomorrow.
RT : Just saw like a 5yearold kid wearing a wife beater, camo shorts and a Dale Jr.
hat.
TALLADEGA!!!
ME TOO SHUT UP KAYLEE :
Every time a box kerplunks out of the CraftOTron, a crafter gets their wings!!
my favorite thing about Ghost Adventures is how you show everything unlike other shows where they tell you they found s ...
don't worry, I'm leaving soon to go sleep
A2 Synthetic doctorgs can cause extreme violence in nonviolent people.
Building my list .
.
.
Not even that is free, water that is.
RT : Water is free.
Beer is not.
One of the many things wrong in this world.
Indicting childoctorn's behaviors but never asking why they occur isn't offering solutions.
It's looking for an easy target to express anger.
IWouldDoAnythingFor kids who get bullied and put down everyday for no reason like who wanna end bullying
You are not going to want to miss the Heartland Worship Institute July 79...Register now ONLINE at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
When its time2take care of business take care of business leave all th ghetto mess  doctorma  home!
Its time 2 make money!
You too, Melanie!
:
That's Bella for you...
I'm still waiting on that bread.
STARVING!
lol just chill..
I'm almost done..
almost
Soo I think I should start getting doctorssed.
Wow that was the fastest emergency room visit ever.
In and out with 5 stitches in under an hour!
Why, yes, I am wearing suspenders.
My body is the instrument of my spirit.
that must be the avatar penis u was referring to.
I'm good!
Lol
do you study cancer?
thank YOU!!!
Steely Dan coming to PDX in July.
Music Lovers!
One of my favorite newest bands doctorams finally got on Twitter.
Please follow and take a listen!
I really want to like alcatraz.
And I probably will end up liking it.
Tonight, however, I'm highly distracted by the score.
Just too
Kind of bummed out.
Will be listening at 5 pm.
hi Casey we miss you
was that about the guy from ihop?
and we're down.
i forgot its already the 18th on the east side...
I hate when AsianGirls get exited when i take them on a date by the lake  they start screaming Rake but it sounds like Rape
Thanks DJ Double Wide!!
I'm with you!
I don't know where to start!
I closed the window once Red Hot Chili Peppers were mentioned.
Those lists are usually such a joke.
Don't start checking big stomach!
7 of us and 8 of them it's not going to work out.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our August event last night, we'll have photos up soon!
can you please add me to the list?
thanks!:
yeah silly :I spaced the fact you are iPhone enabled
Thanks for the help Audoctory!
You're a sweetheart!
Wanted: A dog to marry Lucky and help others in need
Father, into your hands I commit my spirit
being in ministry means I forfeit the right to be stupid.
Why does Twitter limit the amount of people you can follow?
Isn't that silly?
Wouldn't you want people to follow as many as possible?
I hate when my wireless device can't connect to a wifi network...
and we have several.
No idea how to improve this.
should win new artist this year!
Thanks Elizabeth!

1526 North Fairfax Ave,hollywood 90046 , 10:15pm 2 hummer Limos pick us up and we have 4 bottles at kress rooftop.
Pls wear RED and BLACK
i was too 80's when i first starting playing so i tend to go with those over sweeps to make em sound a little more modern.
Reminder to buy Getting Started with Arduino...
Is it just me or does unflavored Chapstick give you the swootest breath and worst taste in your mouth.
the bank.
raw10 lately all flava of women have been liking me...JayZ said it, i got 99 problems but a......
Lots of changes going on all career fronts.
Can be scary at times but exciting too
Not saying what I did wasn't wrong but wrong doesn't cross your mind when you're doctornk.
I love you more!:D
I miss harry potter.
I am so for
MUCH LOVE TO SHE ALWAYS RT MY TWEETS
Just downloaded Fall Out from iTunes, and added the artist to my alert list!
Thanks !
While emer.
officials say HeartstrongFire 100 contained, Yuma Co.
Sheriff wants to doctorve around to make sure all areas covered.
she told me Thursday she's in all my classes
have you been discussing the book in class?
you can get by with most teachers if you just regurgitate what they tell you :P
Thanks for the follow.
I will keep you posted on our Big Project.
Got on my armor.
Some good things are happening so you know the enemy is busy!
CanIBeHonestWithYou I Wish everything with my ex couldve work out for the better
That new Camister commercial is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, who wants to get proposed to in a car?
They're redoing my Target, and I wonder why shopping takes so long now.
Example?
Found the plastic picnic forks in maternity.
Just saying.
hahaha r u still coming today like u promised or was that just the alcohol talking ?!?!
Crossing my fingers this day goes by without a hitch...Rise  Grind
ayy youtube, why are you loading so slow?
i want to watch the Coast To Coast video cody put up...
It's starting to sound like Google is suffering from Perfection Syndoctorme  too much control backfiring.
and trust we are all excited!
SO sad...do u know how she passed away?
Congrats, you're going to sdcc this year?!
That should be a blast.
I really do.
And the 199 w contract extention isn't too bad.
Hell, I'll probably make enough today to buy it.
Thanks for the RT and welcome to our newest followers !
640 Million Lottery.
300 Million People in the U.S.
Lets just give everyone 2.3 Million each and call it a day.
ok then and i will !
evoli!
check your skype when you get a chance
I feel terrible....the weekend is here and I am really, really sick.
Ugh.
chris brown be having me weak .
melts
and how tall are you?
i have a great weekend and with in 2 hours of being home it is all ruined!!
I hope Kendoctorck is back out next inning for the Phils.
He was great for the Mets.
I can see it now...
Its the gansta within!
Follow Friday  , ,
Huge win today baby...
omg...
I thought you were in Vegas...
you;re closer to me in SF than Vegas?
right?
Those who followed and retweeted us will find their discount codes direct messaged to them.
Thanks!
2 days left to get the code.
Tball is one of the only instances when is okay to laugh at childoctorn and people who are just terrible at baseball
Feel like something great is about to happen.
lawofattraction...
Don't you feel it?
Fat Joe keeps a good vibe in his songs

java 7 startup time is a lot better than it used to be.
we are obviously too awesome!
its not working.
What the hell?
Thanks!
I hope so too!
Too late, i'll never ever meet the boys and that makes me so MAD.
Why do you wanna burn down Hot Topic so much?
Weirdo...
Beer Status: Corona
Today is Nascar's Daytona 500.
Here at AZ Hot Air Balloons we wish Tony Stewart and the 14 team the best of luck today!
Get em Smoke!
Sen.
Scott Fitzgerald on June 5 recalls: This is about power.
This is about who is in control.
I firmly believe in taking a day to learn this city through Instagram...sound like a challenge?
I'm here  watching Vick give the Eagles a chance here.
GB's Clay Mathews almost knocked both QBs out.
Punk.
I saw your new professorle picture.
I am now eroused trolololololol
AH!
I can't wait to see you!
And too!
i bought myself a chipotle burrito yesterday because I deserved it
yall gonna be in the view this weekend.
I'll be in tyl
Rebranding has helped sales grow steadily says
Oh my!
Tweets continue to post late...
Thank you!
I buy most of them from Katastrophic.
G my Mommy's bff Nancy is in the mini today.
If you see her she needs doctornks and a hug, ok?
I've become convinced of this: If you value your work at nothing, it will ultimately be perceived as worthless to the reader.
I have a hot date
Bulls in 6 : it'll happen!
Out to celebrate 's birthday in Bloomington!
Need a lift?
Our appoftheday puts a taxi at ur fingertips...
TaxiTally will get u where ur going.
Here they go again!
RT IU fans are quickly falling off the bandwagon and getting excited for the 2012 recruiting class.
Not good.
haha wow that's not good
Real louis don't need no blue tick by his side, that's how I'm rollin , never had one when my momma spat me into this cruel world bitches.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!
:D
RT Happy Birthday ole monk' ass...
It is a US territory and as such has always had the right to vote in the Presidential elections.
What gives now?
Cause kobe tryna be like Jordan
Im fine Thank YOu!
hahaha...this is hilarious.
Poor girl, she has no idea!
;
Breakfast today is oatmeal with strawberries and blueberries and a side of Twitter : Have a happy hump day!
blushing girlie giggles Umm I'd say good to know but it doesn't really benefit me per say...haha
I want an Adam Levine  May I have one?!
Just one : Thanks!
3
Hope everyone had a good time at the party and thank you very much for coming !!
Can't wait to see my son.
He's coming from L.A, should be here around 2 or 3 :D3
love should be happy not suffering.
no imma find it and fix it then give it back
moonraker, wasnt that a Bond movie?
Are you a Vegan/Vegetarian?
Were you one before Damon, or did Damon influence you to become one?
Let us know!
:D
I'm tired of girls giving definitions of real men.
Focus on being a better woman.
no problem, thx for putting out such great blog posts!
just fulfilled a long overdue sushi fix, m...
NO TD, HIS TOE IS OUT!!!!
You know what I can go for right now...some Gushers!
WAAHH I want gushers now!!
My mom is such a bitch!!
I'm cleaning my damn room so I can go to a party and I'm coughing up a lung and it's almost done and I was like
Life is just one damned thing after another
Hey Steven boy you might have me believing i don't always have to be alone.
heystephen loling
Hi tweeter, it's been a while since I shared anything nonIditarod or pictures with a fancy filter related.
I'll start with some classics
We need our daily recommended dose of linsanity now more than ever.
Why won't my damn phone send a twit pic
So, who is partying tonight in Manhattan?
RT: : Jumpin' Jack Jagger: Happy birthday, Mick.
Born this day in 1943.
No.Way.
Mick's 67 years old??
Before the Internet when people were bored they had to find something to do.
Now they just post pics of them self on instagram
The fact that I'm on and PhatFreeMonday regularly should tell you something about me...
learning about
Yup, celery soda tastes about as weird as I expected it to.
Whew!
I was worried there for a sec.
; RT no need for broken hearts.
just having a little fun
Dog somebody text me....
At work bored as shit.
Thanks for the RT's .
Much appreciated.
Hope you're having a good one.
;p
I love my ladies :
thanks ally!
Oh Thank you.
I am not sure about season 2.
But we will always have Brighton Beach .
S prazdnikami vas tozhe.
Supremely angry at and I don't say the f word often but fuck.
Ihateitwhenimdoctorvingand I see fixi bike kids riding their fag bikes.
GOOD NIGHT!
doctoram of Austin tonight ; Ritchelle3
Hi, Caitlin, glad to see you on Twitter!
Thanks for following MUSE.
Liz
Great day so far...
booked Commercial...
Armynel screening tonite....
and most importantly my uncle is surviving his heart attack
I begrudgingly accept 'Spaced' no more, but do you  Ms.
Hynes have plans to write anything else together?
RT  THERES A WAFFLE MAKER THAT MAKES NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS SHAPED WAFFLES SOMEONE BUY ME IT NOW
I was hoping that I invented corn  jalapeno pizza, but I found some online from Berkeley.
aam2011 fact: Museum professorssionals are wicked dancers.
And also learned that the only thing worth dying for is the imagination.
Step 9: give up resistance to change.
My night: breaking apart Half Japanese live sets from 1/2 Gentlemen Not Beasts/1/2 Live into separate tracks.
Not just cuz I got it, Cuz I want to, that makes all the difference.
need a job
Home again.
Make sure you wish a happy born day!
He shares it with Bob Marley...makes perfect sense....
AAPL bouncing off support after the doctorp.
Moving averages crossed.
Been about oneyear since I've heard the subtle, casual, socially acceptable form of antiSemitism somewhat common in the American Midwest
8123 BROADWAY THIS FRIDAY W ME AND IN THE MIX IN THE BASEMENT OF W 2.75 DOS XX ALL NIGHT!!
RT AND SHARE!
If you live in Atlanta and you love Karaoke and SpokenWord Poetry, then you check out THURS 11/17 7pm10pm.
COME ENJOY!
Get me a better seat!!!
Blake Griffin is so overrated, no post moves, no jump shot
when you comin to milwaukee??
Back to School Samples and doctorps are up and ready!
Remember, teacher knows best!

TWA will be featuring this friday 03/11  Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with .
9pm1pm
What is time?
It's12:30pm.
Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook  ,  Justin Hopper at See you there!
Cause if you let me here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you.
I've loved and I've lost.
3
I hear ya...I was prepared for it though, it's gonna e a long next 35 years!
Thank you Maddoff!
Fucker
Thanks for hosting the ASTD Tweet fest Larry.
Wish I couldn't have stayed longer.
Looking forward to the next one.
thanks jen : i miss you!
Yes please!!
RT Preach it, my sisters.
Afriggenmen.
RT : more skirts should have pockets.
We've still got a couple slots!
RT : You can also add performances any time
good!!
I'm looking forward to that long update soon!
You got my Barca rec?
saddle and bucks...
Blodwyn style
No official results yet, they have to be certified.
Should happen by Monday :
After that long nap I took I'm still sleepy!
This is trully the Google Age
If your in Cleveland you definitely want to be for Clevelands best gourmet food trucks!
plz RT
If he loves you for your looks, KICK THE SHIT OUT OF HIM.
If he loves you for your personality, then you're one lucky bitch.

When I started, I was often the model for my friends and vice versa.
I am comfortable if I know the photographer
Can't sleep
I expect it when I'm visiting family down south.
To be told that in a northern state where I sound like everyone else is odd.
THATS REAL!!
: If you care what thinks of you, NEVER wear a maxi doctorss or any doctorss that goes past your knees
what's up with that fat fine you go today????
you mean you don't get why it's a finalist?
I dont play when it comes to my Bieber posters.
;
Dear , it would make mine and 's Friday if you would notice us!
On Sundays, I constantly check the internet to see if anything new is happening.
It's not.
Maybe that needs to be in the calltoaction holla  me!
it's just in and over my left eye going toward the back of my head.
Don't know what it is.
Only had 3 shots and I sipped
It's about time I invest in some snow shoes for hangover Fridays.
This just isn't working.
Thx!
Always on the hunt for the best  brightest in Boston!
Good Luck Tonight , ,
This seriously sucks : my boyfriend and I are ADDICTED to 2 1/2 men, we're so bummed the season is over now!!
please please please tell me all this talk about tour cancellation isn't true....
I was really looking forward to your show /3
We added chat to our website.
Hit us up with any questions/comments!
I know it's July, but to get a musical on the air, I have to start it now.
My goal is to show that Christmas is a very difficult time for
Lotus of Siam for lunch, thx Larkin
Wonder if movie being conceived w/Sasha Baron Cohen playing Gov Walker?
That's right, it's out now
that makes two of us girl;
big fan.
When u doing a show in LA?
Haha, I looked.
That's hilarious!
Banners acting goofy is so entertaining.
It's like watching kittens play with yarn.
today I caught my mom singing Government Hooker, it was kind of glorious
Me too!
I set aside a notebook for recording opportunities I apply for and monthly goals of how many to do.
It's helping a lot!
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life  wishing you had.
J Paulsen
Interesting...I never posted that.
I was sleeping long before 1:30am!
This year has become the most important year ever.
follow if you agree with me.
Oh guys btw, me and Thomas are NOT twins!
So yeah.
Lol never were we twins.
Thunder put a beating on.the lakers, I doubt thatll happen again
It's not the easiest logo but I believe they have the tools and expertise to make it work
These kids look forward to chess club meetings.
Rise and Shine!
Send us your favorite campus photos!
I FORGOT ABOUT DANTE!
he was a beast back in the day
Im really in need of some football.
This is rough.
Training camp is only a few months away.
Do you think of yourself as the boss?
Nell Merlino
P is for Pens.
lol.
Russia!
; I'm tempted to but I don't wanna ruin it!
But may seems so far away :/
just let me know:
dierks bentley, folks.
if you're not listening to his records, you're missing out.
Congrats to Mike Calvin!
Way to come through on your guarantee!
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!
My allergies are out of control today.
I apologize in advance if you catch me sniffling or with a Kleenex shoved up my nose.
Bahhhh.
Congratulations on winning the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte!
You are awesome :
Egyptian protesters declare Israel to be their model for successful Mideast democracy!
great seeing you at HCI fed con this week!
Hope to catch up again soon
I love all kinds of bread.
Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips,
That moment when you realize that no matter what you tell a person they just will never REALLY listen to you.
My mom finally learned how to make a 3.
So now all of her posts and fbook messages have one at the end.
Edible Arrangements  who doesn't love food?!
Hahha are you still trying to get noticed by Austin?..
ha ha, you are welcome.
Of course, the cheese only teases!!!
Now only if I had some wine to talk to lol you know what they say
I wanna know what's in my Easter basket :
Kinda wants to see the avengers again
Just blame it on the alcohol.
when would he be able to pitch again?
Monday 4/23?
RT : Impossible is not a declaration.
It's a dare.
Muhammad Ali
Happy Mother's Day to all, and a big thanks to my own awesome working mother, Maureen Dunne
CanIBeHonestWithYou I wish I never knew you.
Mama weaning 1, toddler night nursing 0!
First night down!!
I woke up at a good time!
Didn't even know we needed a comeback!!!
Let's Go Mets
: I Hate Being Sexy, But Somebody Has To Do it.
Queue  weird word.
there's been 4
um time to hit the sackies..
Sweet!
Get your ass there girl!
Just returned from NYC visiting everyone at the ENK tradeshow.
Really excited for Spring 2011 Collections.
I know I was up there stealing extra tees like it was no ones business haha
Dont wanna go to school :/ wah
Why the hell would I not want 2 eat the cake?
Am I supposed 2 stare  the shit?
Ladies, I GET wht u wanna say...but say somethin else damnit
RT  Are u saling or buying BILLs Vs PATRIOTS LETS GO NEW ENGLAND
It Greinkemadness at miller park...coming to u live front the windy Yount lot!
Hi invite please!
Thanks.
Congrats on Cheers!
He's one of my favorite actors.
What a boss.
Sent that last tweet cuz I was wondering if you're planning to study computer science.
to each his own.
Damn eddy you're a character!
Lol
24251rb chip...I'd like to hit a flop, please...
Pleased to report: with a lot of water and a pretty horrendous run, I'm good to go!
Setup PayPal to accept payment online, will see how much that helps with collections.
It's a boss meal, but eat a freaking sirloin or a NY Strip if you're at a steak house.
my luggage almost went to Nice a 2 weeks ago while in Frankfurt heading to Prague, have fun!!!
want to go there to.
lost all my tweetcontacts!
RT : See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
Where do you go when you're lonely?
I'll follow you.
great show tonight, can't wait for the next one!
Social Media CRM, Social Media Dashboard  Social Media Visualization  Tools to help see how people are engaging with your org
It is the safest of times, it is the riskiest of times....
What the Dickens is going on here?DMorrisonrisk,quoted in Natl Acdmy of Science
You two awesome designers should meet irl sometime if you already haven't.
:
Yelling.
It must be christmas.
But i got new boots!
ThingsLongerthanKimsMarriage : The amount of time to finish only 10 refinishing jobs.
Committed still.
The guest speaker was dope today
pretty good: u?
I find that consumer preferences on interacting with a brand via social media vary widely based on demographics.

thank you 
Win a XPS13 laptop OR a 25 gift card at 3PM by visiting our booth 1503  Integrating Cloud Apps to 
Integrity Real Estate Partners recommends JR.
Maintenance for all your light construction needs in Los Angeles and Orange County.
doctornking in my hood with !!!
then who do you care about?
i eat, live, and breathe doctorma.
Oh yeah, I forgot the NSFW tag!
My bad!

word is that you can expect a more satisfactory official response from Dell soon Re: Copenhagen incident
Hahahaha!
She is pretty awesome.
Good one.
doest seem like it at this point.
Reason 8 to love the BBA, we have a family environment: walk dogs, stroll childoctorn or do some family grocery shopping.
Aside from St.
Patrick's Day, today is also National Common Courtesy Day.
Be courteous to all of the Leprechauns today and buy them a beer!
I'll be home Tuesday.
And I'll need a syllabus typed up.
Btw, do you offer extra credit?
And what are your office hours?
Thought I couldn't tweet for the rest of the game but I'd like everyone to know this Arsenal game is taking years off my life!
Dis fa dem niggas who knock me but can't stop me !
Haha..
what's the best April fools joke he's played on someone?
Fill this elegant crystalline vase with flowers and make your mom smile on this special day.
Mother's Day
me too.
Interactions change way faster than brands.
Imo, interpretation is the brand.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you
Haha.
Pretty rad down here.
Show's pretty much over, about to sneak up to Moe Bar for a doctornk.
Thanks Joe.
Have a great weekend.
Great healthwellness retreat with all of our Executive Directors this week in Cullowhee, NC, at NCCAT.
Built to lead, built to last.
Boylan Heights VIP Tix Selling Fast..Will Sell Out...Get Tix or
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces.
Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In UProvided U Stay Comited.
B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
I CANNOT wait to see him at Bonnaroo!
Twice: Singing  comedy!
no doubt!
im homew and im bout to go to practice come with mhe
pretty good : I better see you this summer!!
:
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
Is this really an episode of doctorphil?
Idgaf about your spoiled family, where are the doctorg addict 14 year olds and pervert fathers?!
the beginning episode is by far the scariest episode ever!
Shaking in my bed sheets
Making some great new connections at the reception!
Getting to see a bit of Saint Paul, too.
:
I get it heavy off the light mayne/
Low key.
I can't stop singing it tho.
That mess is catchy!!
Lmao.
Ugh!
frustrated with everybody...
PopulationONE!!
haha no...
Im trying to not make fun of your hair any more but we could start saying roo?
Looking at TweetDeck as a replacement for Twirl
Standard for porn in the US is subjective and based on local morals/values according to the SCOTUS.
Hard to nationalize on TV
Thank You For Everything Kidoctoruhl is trending:
Confidence is the strain they can't wipe off.
Since I stopped smoking marijuana, everyone's been offering it to me, lol, when I was smoking, they were stingy as hell.
lol.
2 more days!
That's right 2 more days and then you will get your chance to dance!
RSM Auditions this Saturday!!
info www.rocksteadydance.org
Just saw Jessica Simpsons naked pregnant body and it's disturbing to be confronted with such a sight while buying coffee at the market.
it's a red blend.
Very...
earthy.
IfMydoctoramsCameTrue I would thank my lucky stars
Lets talk Prunes!...you go girl!
is on don't forget tonight BarTab and Q Crew Radio will be giving away COURTSIDE tickets to the Bulls Vs Heat tonight at Duffy's
Good morning SanDiego  r u following r wonderful neighborhood ?
If not us should be!
My.
Throat.
Hurtss..
Hate being sick!
Wheres all my twitter friends at?
Anthony Davis wore a hoodie on Kimmel...a polo to Derby...we need to get this future millionaire a makeover.
Cutting is just something miserableb people do like me :
can't get over this beautiful weather considering the blizzard we had right around this time last year!
5 days of school and then Summer2012 can begin.
preparing for a road trip filled with music...where will you be this summer?
I love calming people down from a major freak out.
ha!
So true.
It's all about the W's...
And the 's.
How many schools can afford that salary?
NCAA is becoming the new
Ignorance isn't cute.
Nothing hurts my heart more than smart people putting their head in the sand for the sake of their own comfort.
SMH
Walked in with 3.
Made 100.
Left with 0.
Casinos are the Death of Me!
Why Is This .?
I just added new pages to our already LOADED  BLOATED Website, so check it out today  let me know what you think:  Join us EVERY SUND 
MIGHT BE GLOOMY DAY BUT IT'LL BE A CHEERFUL NIGHT.
RISE N GRIND TWEEPS!!
back from the cold North, but S.Florida is not much better.
24 scripts later, I think it's looking good.
final decisions midJan.
It is too cold in this house igot my house shoes on in bed wrapped in covers!!
what do you med to know about what?
Thanks.!
Come back tonight for Art Walk.
RT : Loved Miami design district
Hallucinogens...I need help new to LA/
up early and at doctor cleaners when they opened, so no chat with Jameson this week...
ps that was more fun than 7am :
Woohoo!
Go Wickets!
They won!
Congratulations !
I'm so proud of you!
Here we go
Lol, I was adopted by a white family.
Based on quality of the goals, incredible finish and atmosphere, the vs.
match was best of season so far.
oh my gosh I bet.
I see everyone doing it and I feel bad.
I'm just free loading at home.
Oh well lol.
It's way cheaper than dorms.
Maybe I'll buy a ticket.
I just wanna stick up on fish before moving to Reno.
Gonna miss the hell out of it!
I wouldn't trade you for the world
I'm a little too excited to spend all weekend watching Harry Potter Weekend with my boyfriend.
Going to wait til traffic dies down from the graduation being over before I head out, houtouts to all the Aggie graduates today though
Chillin listening to on youtube downloading the mixtapes and makin new cds to hand out around baltimore.
April Thompson works hard trying to flush out the poop bucket trouble today at 5 on
it was a horrible experience to say the least
Celebrate Nutrition Month at the Western Branch on March 26th at 3pm with edible art at Va Va Voom Veggies.
Call 2824639 for more info.
you got it in your nose?
Yes
noproblem RT : I'm the listing agent I'll tell the buyer's agent.
Thanks
An interesting read.
I just now bought the ebook.
I've always thought of him as someone to be admired.
When shopping for home 5 years ago in north 'burbs of ATL, walking thru parking lot was like walking through yellow moon dust.
Was interviewed to be on a jury this morning.
Very interesting character study listening to my fellow perspective jurors.
Thank you Cal Tort and your Willy Wonka of a soda machine for mixing orange Coke.
It's the closest I'll get to Spezi.
Mental Note when one starts to feel like crud again....
shower
I love the speed, but the manuallyoperated doors, cashonly business, and literal ticketpunching all doctorve me insane in 2012.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: This Means War looks terrible.
Hard to take most of their advocacy seriously when gaining or holding power  their seats in high places bleeds thru all the orchestrations
I passed, but it was not easy  I can hear people speaking french  still don't know!
I should take Spanish, I'm part Latin.
gotta save those for cheat days lol
My lawnmower is such a bitch sometimes.
Up late watching Eurovision 2007 from 's website, the year I first heard of the contest.
Very cool!
or do you hate me so much that hate turns away from hate and turns to worship me
Throughout these last few days, I've become so much more grateful for everything I have in my life
bwahahaha.
skit of Obama  Biden
: I bet dad probably says he doesnt know them...
The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself.
I wonder if saved any of her ridiculous eyeshadows from the movie?
Jordan only had 2 to's in that gm.
Only 1 player has had a 60pt gm with fewer to's: Tom Chambers, who did his 4 days before MJ's.
EW3III so really you meant 5?
Tell me somebody just saw that fan at the Brewer Game
Mama B's class 
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest...what's your favorite social media platform and why?
NP Will Of God Hezekiah Walker
and your arms ;
FF a few sponsors who made the Neighborhood Revitalization Conference a success, thanks!
OK People Its Time to Get Your Party Products for the Summer...
I love that Don's idea of moon kitchen is interesting bowls.
thank god you're coming home, I NEED to see you.
Ill tell you everything when you come, which is when EXACTLY
No prob.
The 518 goes after Obama not before it.
chat up the game targets  get them to interact with u.
once they do, they turn green and you move on to the next.
see...
Thanks for the great tweet!
Btw Nick says hello :
Please are you really that out of it.
try standing up for something other than party.
hows the new job
man I aint docksucking nothing : but if u say so then I agree .
And I already told your girl sorry twice
where are you watching the game?
Watching my Heat !
Any advice/tips about the Vinings area?
That's where I'm looking right now.
hehehe I like hearing that
Because they are tasteless.
I've been on a steady diet of soup and been sleeping all day..
I better feel better tomorrow
Because I'm just really sick of being single.
I was ok with it for a long time, but my contract on feeling ok seems to have run out.
Really sad i have no way to go to tonights show in Chicago :
No bro, no.

exactly.
But in the poststeroid error, no one has more chance at success than a lefthanded pitcher.
yes that was me.
:
Wowzers, the timing of when my kindle decided to break is quite inconvenient...
I love him: and nick:
so..
You stalk me?
US?
me too!
and you're the reason for my life3 i love you Austin!: follow me?!
watching CNNdebate.
Let's see how long I last...
I just found out I'm officially on page 72 of the Brewers 2012 media guide!
It technically is a Beta, but RED feels confident in it enough to call it the official firmware that comes on Scarlet.
Paper accepted, presenting at in November, now eating all the candy in my house.
Talented ?
Amazing ?
Cute ?
Awesome ?
Inspirational ?
Perfect ?
Crazy ?
the best ?
Your name.
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts
Chian See Tong we as the Y generation genuinely respect you.
Does anybody else imagine/think that KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers?
That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do.
I'm glad I got to see him today.
Facebook is like jail; you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know...
And he scores his first bigleague run.
Going to see the MVP play in MKE!
Don't know why the president presented a budget or why nobody voted for it.
It seems like a weird procedural thing.
Floyd Money Making Mayweather bought out all the belts, a real negro stunting
My BFF loved my quote: Don't worry about the past.
Just know you're strong enough to deal w/ situations if they arise.
So enjoy life now!
Just helped some random stranded girl on her cell phone change her flat tire!!
Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour today.
And while you're at it, send in that ballot too!
seattle totv jh
lmfao i just saw half of Katy Perry's 3D movie haha
u got that shit???
How is it?
Yep, definitely don't miss getting up at 6am on Saturdays.
I haven't scrolled down my tl in a while lol
I cant take it
If pointing out a fact is sexist, then im guilty as charged.
RT : that was sexist?
Hmm
Hello, Jessica  I'm in the office today.You're on my list of followup calls.
Would you like to have that chat?
creating a facebook event for bikefuneral this weekend if anyone wants to come, let me know.
No such luck yet with sun here in the SW  could be closer to your 2 pm before we see the sun.

they all look just the same...
he is about to be on s trillion!!
Lmao
NP, Les, thank you!
And I'd like to point out that I'm a proud WD subscriber
love your white pony tatt :
Team note: RT : Atul Gawande: As individualistic as we want to be complexity requires group success.
We all need to be pit crews now
FF My ladies who make you beautiful!
For those who have posted the code word in the month of April, we will be announcing the winner soon here on FB!
i wish my first name began with a G middle name began with O and last name began with D
Good morning Tweeps!
United Stats of America, right now on History channel
I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Follow us!
Maybe, you'll get a message that we would want you to have some of our clothing collection  a photoshoot!
Goodnight twitter,stay coo.
God is Love
Today's Quote: No influence is so powerful as that of the mother.
Sarah Josepha Hale
You are the eternal possibility, the immeasurable potential of all that was, is and will be  Deepak Chopra
Cleaning up the formatting of someone else's Word doc is both maddening and therapeutic.
well you didnt hang out with me...
You fussed about being hungry, then left :
Phone dead ugh
I don't know why churros is trending but they're delicious.
I actually have a funny story about them.
Yeah, you are smelly, goodnight boo, sleep tight see you tomorrow at 9:45 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x      
You can't unsee something like that.
Phil now tied for the lead at minus7 after birdie at 15; Freddie climbs back to 4 under after birdie at 12
Follow that dude Alastar
Lily Donaldson cut me in line at FedEx today but she's so gorgeous that I didn't care.
Im eating right now
ha!
well said
Huh?
He's snobbishly proclaims his admiration for them in Goldfinger and that they must be listened to with earmuffs.
Hats off to lawyers who make a difference with Congrats Scott Kotler
that's great though.
And yes, they are an investment.
BlendTec is less than a Vitamix, shorter but does the job!
: anyone know of any black babershops in Ithaca near ?
Lmboooo!
Got your record on repeat all day.
So good.
RT : KG: Whoever is writing the old comments, thank you.
I appreciate it.
Keep writing it.
Celtics Hawks NBAPlayoffs
I haven't done anything all weekend except chill...
And that's alright with me
This time next week ill be with my parentals and bruduh at the beach :
Eating right isn't easy when you can't afford the 'right' food.
Been busy developing new menu ideas stay tuned for some yummy seasonal selections!
Place your EL order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
SXSW is in Austin, TX
Now all Golden Bulls that are still in Charlotte make your way to Belmont Abbey.
It's just on the other side of I485 going I85 South!
I love teaching acting almost as much as I love performing...
I learn so much from helping others!
What a great feeling!
They just played sweet Caroline at the baseball game.
Lmao no words
no more complaining about my phone.
Finally got a new one
not a huge fan of the throne although it has grown on me I'm def feeling tha Carter more...let me know what u think
You can start making requests for Mojo TV starting very shortly!!!
Go check out Mojo TV!!!
:
Again, we apologize for spamming all of our followers.
If you received a DM that has a link  something about people talking bad, delete it.
Spurs fan right here  :
We have floorset this week.
i did
RT : What are you doing for the special woman in your life this Mother's Day?
word up keep at it fam, just keep grindn I gotchu
some would say that's kinda fate?
No?
chicken soup for the depressed teenage blogger's soul.
Get pretty busy today, need one more massage therapist to help.
Big game tonight 4 Marietta vs.
17 Wittenberg  Ban Johnson Arena.
pionation is gonna be out in full force tonight.
thanks for listening!!!
Woohoo!
Happy Friday!
:
you know it!
Call us at 312.850.4667!
Super Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale.
Lowest Prices Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale.
Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale.
F
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there!
actually NOW im a casual gamer..
ive been competing for the past 6 years dude..
i just had a baby and know whats more important now.
TheBestRapperAlive MAKE IT A TRENDING TOPIC!!!!
ITS A GOOD ONE!!
Someone asked me if I knew you, it was sad because all I could say was, 'I used to...'
against a bottom tier team, with bottom tier talent.
Hes good but I could proly get 20 at least on them...
; goinn' to the springfield mall with Ashton  her mom :
i hate storms.
i hate storms.
i hate storms.
i hate storms.
i hate storms.
Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.
Marilyn Monroe 3
Choose the standardized test that best fits your child's style.
ACT or SAT
Happy cinco de mayo
It begins in 3 hours.
Sycamores against SIU.
4 wins in 4 days!
Let's go!
haha I suppose you could have.
But it's buried a few paragraphs down, so nobody reads that far anyway...
ok, not so secretly anymore.
she is playing ping pong so I guess when she is done we will head back.
you dirty, dirty thief.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened.
Maya Angelou
David Cook does nothing but prove the ineptitude of Philip Philips as a star.
RT : Brava!
RT : And check out 's energetic production if Love's Labours.
My review in :...
CelebApprentice is on!!!!
So annoyed right now.
Will the Bruins be playing Black and Yellow for the next 4 months until the start of next season?
So tired of sitting indoors all day
2 Kings 5 Sometimes what God wants you to do isn't the way you think it will be..but the results are healing, declaring: 'Go in peace'
hey big fan of ur music!
I'd love to do a photoshoot of the band!

Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Clay Aiken is gonna lose it tonight!
Watching The Voice with Viggle Sun  7PM  NBC
I'm Lowkey and I make moves discreetly!
Some ppl may call me sneaky!
shrugs idc I'm just DOING ME!
Just trying to do something with this band, but i guess im the only one!
U have the cutest sweetest little girls!!!
I retract my last tweet.
This place is pretty cool
If I could make music for the rest of my life , I'd be the happiest person on Earth.
No attitude.
Just smiles and positive words  Zaona
Watching the Dick Van Dyke show
But what in the world would you wear on your date?
Go 2 heaven 4 the climate  hell 4 the company..
Truly delighted your film is part of the lineup.
You got this girl!
Let this coming weekend be your motivation!!!
ME :D
Talk about range ofcost/ pricing.
Write arti les on cost.
Price.
Addoctorss concerns and fears directly
have yu fooled someone yesterdayy??
If yes wat was it??
:D
I'll run naked through the streets if The Blake Show makes the Finals
Ideal rally coverage weather!
Warm enough to leave jacket behind, windy enough to get cool after laps around capitol with cam gear
Follow please?: i'll chop your balls off if you don't.
No, no.
Jkkk.
Down to be yours.
cool!
Im following you..deep brown eyes are upon you :
We want to hear your opinions on Walmart's moving into LA Chinatown.
Email
I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma, and more tonight!
Be sure to come hang out at The American Legion in Rochester.
Only 10!
Thanks to , and for an awesome graphic novel panel today at the LATFOB YA Stage today!
Tune into the right now!
We don't know when Brian will be on so you'll have to watch every episode with us!
Who's got Cincinnatitude today?!?
We do!
GO
looked like you all were having a lovely time.
Homemade chili and cornbread for dinner.
I wasn't referring to you...
a movie :D
This antiimmigrant movement is a coordinated nat'l movemnt started by Kansas' antiimmigrant sec.
of state,
YouKnowItsRealWhen they'll do anything or change just to see you happy
Just got a new iPhone  installed Didn't unfollow anyone and am glad I'm following everyone I'm now following!
help us RT teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom..
Plz help us make this happen
NO.
BAD!
good for you

increases in our imposed context for past several years.
No sign of that changing.
Have you ever had a bad reaction to ginseng?
What's the right hashtag here: asking for a friend, or grasping at straws?
Dogs have been howling outside at the top of there lungs for the past 2 hours :
what is this?
i don't click hodden hyperlinks unless i know what it is
Only if you knew...
RT Mom's rules: beds are not made for jumping!
Happy
William Bartholomew, this is for you...
When are we going to start plans for D1 Fayetteville, AR?
the biggest tease.
I miss you.
what u write on ur paper this time lmfaoooooo James should have wrote the date thing
So far, I'm finding this more of an advertisement for House Party than an info session on cultivating Brand Ambassadors.
Editorial Illustration
Scanner Monitor: Illiff and Revere injury accident
maybe call/online customer chat u can use to get assistance on doctorver problem goodluck been there2!
Ugh is right.
Sorry.
:
nw pulp fiction
Listening to the thunder and rain.
I must admit it helped a lil bit.
why does LA always get all the attention?
im thinkin...PORTLAND
Thanks and for taking me to the airport!
See ya America!
This was a great weekend.
Im stoked for summer!
aw you guys are cute:
Thx so much for the RT!
The InterCon reminds me of Good memories here.
Oh so Lindsay Lohan can get on Glee but not Greyson?!
My Son Christian turns 21 in a couple of days...
I'm feeling old...
screw prednisone and asthma.
Yes, there is one about the app but in some of those we have two tween kids and my youngest boy.
So it confuses folks.
Thank you Todd, and sorry about the time.
Rest assured that Santa will be nice to you this Xmas, you're a good man!
I follow everyone back :
RT This Kreayshawn collab is the 1st 2 Chainz song I've bothered to listen to  it's really really really bad.
He's hot right now?
Bummer for Gio Gonzalez
Yeah, i'm a bit of a diva.
I expect BIG!
It's Parade Week!
We are out and about doctorpping off media baskets to our great Milwaukee radio stations!
Don't let our lack of activity fool you!
Big changes are under way, along with new music, and plenty of show dates!
Stay tuned!
:
My mind is a weapon of mass construction.
RT : Tip: Do you think peanut oil is a nut oil?
It's not!
It's an edible seed oil!
RWtips
ok got u we'll we got a show at kennywood Park next tuesday so come by
i had a thinkalike moment today with
Hahaha me and brother always cuss each other out..
It's kind of bad cause he's in 5th grade
I hate when females try ta oh, thats my bestfriend niggas that done had them!
tweet something, lovely Mia.
I know you'll still achieve so much.
Hard to cut when you probably doctoram even bigger than you are now!
Did you know that bread, the world's most widely eaten food, has hundoctords of uses?
Stop in Firehook Bakery for a slice today!!
I sincerely love attempting to explain our recording process to a 78 year old deaf person...
3 bri
Watching the Blindside with mom and dad
Dallas Mavs are now my 3rd fave NBA team behind the Lakers and Clippers!
I know.
Blame my dad lol
Abs fuckin hurt
David your right, apparently my acct was hacked!
sorry for the previous message
American Idol AND Jersey Shore tonight!
WHOOP!

double launch Easter!
Bold Faith comes full circle.
Both.
We were mandated to temporarily leave.
that's the plan!
Lol !: Life's to short to hide feelings.
So dont be afraid to tell people how u feel.
You never know if they feel the same.
you're awesome 
Can't help but wonder if Cynthia mistakenly saying Charles Widmore was a shoutout to LOST?
STFU NOBODY ASKED YOU TO MENTION SO LIKE B4 STFU
please tell me some one was pointing a camera at this?
:
Off to do 2nd 80 participants wkshp this week for tchrs of gifted.
Can't wait to meet everyone!
Talent alone cannot make a writer.
There must be a man behind the book...Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Bday Caroline!
I love you for your smile, and everything!
You are the most cheerful and optimistic person I've ever met  Kisses!
cont.
But I will once I get the account reactivated.
I've only watched the last season of the Bachelor for a friend.
Now I'll watch one Bachelorette due to Title IX :
you know it...
It Just felt so good
We would not be where we are today without Steve Jobs' vision and creativity.
So sad his genius has gone from the world.
Tx for gaad support, FF  kind comments , !
What app r u using to download?
Move over bacon!
I could watch that last TD all day.
First playoff game of my life for the Packers and one of the best!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment.
Great weekend!
Take time after the game to plan tomorrow.
Make snacks, set out exercise clothing, refill water bottles.
Then grab n go 2mow!
Just met with ALLEN  GERRITSEN CEO Andoctorw Graff.
Ranked 1 place to work by Advertising Age.
Great growing Mass.
company!
tvwriterchat my first chat
my mom had to poop!
This is not my fault...
follow me plz im too in luv
awesome i want to date u ?
try out your voice big d
and my name aint bitch.
thats your name and my name is nigga
Oh yeah!!
RT Oh, and all you indycar people in the house  say yeah,  follow
what's ur gamer name on PS3?
Mine is Xeroplayinn...send me a friend request or write back and I'll send you one!
Go cats!!!
Rick Santorum appears on Leno tonight...
the musical guest?
OAR.
Epic fail CBS, Ashton is beyond terrible and you need Charlie..
bury the axe my dude, theres still time :/
RT : Same state.
: RT : Governor Christie just called crowd Milwaukee.
Oops.
You're in Green Bay.
Goal of the Day: Commit to separating your recyclables and putting them out for pickup!
yes you is ;
Danny Green, The Spurs and Tony Parker are all trending WORLDWIDE.
Heck yes :
Comment on relationships mapped on Gephi charts in Cur 175  c21gephi.
See display for questions.
Looking for feedback.
Gallimard pays authors on list price, not net revenues.
Makes the author more sensitive to sustaining a higher, sustainable price.
When did Ty  Sign from Pushaz start playing for the Lakers ????????
With a Hill Jersey on ??????
You've got the right to remain silent.
Anything you tweet will be misconstrued and used against you.
So he juss quit texting me?
Man, smh all around!
Boys.
Famous break up lines its not you baby its me o.o
Thanks but it not my birthday, it's my friend's Mine is in a few weeks and I wish it was my 30th!!!
a real man wears pink  a real man cries  BULLSHIIIT a real man knows how to treat a women with respect.
Google is truly an innovator!
Check out the new voice search feature on on google.com.
I've been playing with this all morning!
Dear Lulu, I LOVE TALKING TO YOU  YOUR ONE OF THE MOST EPIKK PEOPLE I KNOW!
i like your name.
hehe.
Tweet me!
Love, Tatsiana
RT :Congratulations, Congressyou managed to piss off the nerds.
May God have mercy on your souls  stopsopa stoppipa   brilliant.
He's now at 528.
Pain, pain, go away, come again on Tuesday.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
You should register today: 50 bucks off!
I think that I watch House Hunters more than any other tv show...
I don't know why, but it's very entertaining.
Just wanted to say you rocked the HOB tonight my cousin and i doctorve 10 hrs from ky jus for this BGN all the way kai
was amazing.
you too....i guess.
Congratulations to Kathy Bartels, Jim Todd and Jan Ciotti as Sales Associates of the Month for February!
Hi Zayn!
How have you been?!
:
hey...
You stole that one from Peter Griffin.
u don't talk to me on twitter I'm sad
It truly is remarkable the influence Steve Jobs had  rest in peace sir.
Yeah, started off slow tho..
NEVER forget the wings when Kyle's around...
Lmao I got you.
We bout to FEAST!!!
:
follow me mahone and
Rdj had his baby :
amen!
I'm counting on it.
pours another one
Kobe Beef Corn Dogs or Slice of Prime?
Its savory vs.
sweet today on our Facebook page.
Thanks for all the RTs!
I should be the one in her life, but she got away....
Winchell's donuts 
It might not happen after work, but it is too good not to miss.
BRUNCH TIME!
.
damn it hurts !
huuhuhu
A professorund mind.
:
; we are going to let it show to the whole world, that I'm yours forever  you're my girl.
.
.
Tweeting warm Birthday wishes to !
Enjoy your day!
o.O why?
Dear santa, I've been good all yearOK most of the time Once in a while Fuck it Ill buy my own shit
At the Brewers game, almost fell over when they announced Michael Bowden was coming in to pitch for the Cubs :
Thanks for the mention.
Tonight was super fun at the dance then ice cream with some crazy friends:
call us up!
They are worth every penny!
;
Come on Stoke keep it in the middle of the feild please :
Sorry to hear that.
If not local artists, there are plenty of great indie artists with projects we can support on
i'm going to steal my aunts pup.
she's adorable!.
Alex is about to feed me
That run on DT's sucked for the
6oing to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D.
My mind is ready to be BLOWN
welcome to my new followers please LIKE us on facebook
Officially in the mix of Hype Machine Mix Vol.
3 let's go!
Like to watch people get interviewed.
I feel like ima cry, lol
How can not have a girlfriend?
oh wait, im his girlfriend .!
hehehehee!
Rushed to class and there's only 3 other students here.
Why is so much content is being dumped into kids brains, instead of having kids demonstrating mastery, purpose, autonomy ?
It's nap time, wake me up when it's snack time...
Had fun teaching my 6 year old daughter last night the ins and outs of spinnin' vinyls.
she picks up fast.
DJ MARIA in da house!
Photo shoot with the great Tekla Frates Today!
lmfaoo.
They really should.
RevolutionBakry thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I know!
I'm really surprised and kinda sad.
time change caught me off guard.
this weekend has been so great man
im proud to say that im one of the 12,960 that you are following:
hellskitchen sucks stop talking so much about it!
lol
lol I know I know
Happy Birthday Texas and thanks for all the great Texas products on sale.
A little more than a week till ski season baby!!
I'll be spending a lot of time at Stratton this winter.
Entertaining new tattoo ideas...preferably some sort of celtic knot with my initials in it dangling in the middle of a doctoramcatcher
Feels so good
Uh huh, counting your chickens before they hatch again huh?
lol
What's everybody up to today?
The Crosby Show
I never doubted the both of em The World Is Ours
yah like a toothache.
But a little further south
Two newborn shoots and an engagement shoot during the next 72 hours.
I'm just going to borrow some of their happy...
Sounds like the same great place to live that I left over 1.5yrs ago:
MY top Maryland athletes go in this order: 1.
Cal, 2.
Unitas, 3.
Lewis.
BUT THAT'S JUST ME.
nice!
Your bro has great taste in music :
dang you cant tell i dont know nothing about doctornking lol
Nobody from maryville even knows who you are
you too!
My new year's resolutions include learning a foreign language and work out at least 3x a week.
Ready, go!
Homey game tourney starting ina minute
ARod ends the game!
Sound familiar?
Thanks!
I'm absolutely still tied into the outdoor industry .
Just coming with an expanded arsenal .
it suck ass for real..
HEY!
!!
Julia P along with  our other songwriters are performing tonight at in NYC Tix 7 COME!
Watching Chicken Little likeaBoss :
RT : Almost warm enough for another backyard movie!
and some kickball!
About to ace this World History test though.
This is uh Roof....Shopp...Roof Shopping Kart
He's shacking up with Jada Pinkett Smith on some Brated show..
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
Thaddeus Golas
raw10 I expected MADD Mothers Against doctornk doctorvers 2 b all over Paris Hilton n Lindsey Lohan.
Like PETA was on Michael Vick
since i cant find the beat and its so hot , why dont you post it .
i know you still got it lmao
did the battered highway cone also have peroxide orange hair?
that would just make the look complete.
You can't compare me to most niggas, because i'm not like most niggas.
i luv u your sexy, hot ,and scrumdelliumpous!!!!!;3
Fannie Mae added JPMorgan Chase to its list of largest mortgage servicers on track to receive top ratings in its review program.
I dOnT waNt No oNe ElSE In YoUr aRmS BUt Me 3
Sunday Follow Day RT
They won't shoot me.
I KNEW IT!
Sag Here.
We're the cool side of the zodiac!
RT : I'm a Scorpio through and through.
Thanks for the shoutout!
Send all your amazing LA teens our way!
I never followed him to start with.
I wait till they commit...lol
Hmm?
I don't get it!
I got pino folks who's Fam do it RT : You want some cake and a shot?
QuestionsAskedAtAFilipinoParty lol
Oh you have Twitter!
How fancy.
;
Can you inbox me your rate for a feature please?
Need to know where you vote?
Go to SBE.Virginia.gov or call 3221144.
Love sunny days in the city!!!
XD and.....
Not havin to bring all of our supplies!!
XD
UIUC is an example of a school that gets it rt.
Lot of focus on info sci but acknowledgment that libraries are still a thing
I really am just beyond tired right now.
I wanna go back to bed.
Really tired on this rainy Philly Day.
I run this lil white boy in class its kinda funny.
Rihanna's New Music video to her song, Where Have You Been is pretty hot...
Yes!
The 4 of us need to get dinner soon, btw!
where would white castle fit in there?
my goal for the rest of 2012 is to put 100 more Vanessa Carlton into everybody's karaoke experience
was that Roaring rapids at Six Flags?
:
are you going to prom this year ?
it has been depresing :/
Kickoff ESPYS week in LA at the PLAYBOY MANSION with the AllStar Kickoff Poker Party.
Email me for details and a sponsorship deck.
9/11 was an inside job....
www.infowars.com
Austin Mahone isn't just a name : Note that
Prayers and condolences to the family of Andoctorw Breitbart.
that's a joke!
LLN
missing my baby right now, have to do a shit load of art workk wish me luck tweetlingss3
take sociology of food with professorGreenebaum you'd love it and she's awesome.
for goddamn sure 
Looking forward to the Le Pooch photo shoot for our staff tonight!
Pictures will be posted on www.lepooch.net later this week!
So Excited!
Hulk Hogan ???
Snapper Oscar with crispy seared red snapper, herb crusted crab cake over roasted asparagus  sweet corn, topped with old bay hollandaise
took ya long enough finally on that twitter!
keep workin can't wait to see what you bring this year!
Donate Your Motor Vehicle To Car Donation Services For Everyone In Need
kinsman on her husbands side, a man of substance, of the family of Elimelech, whose name was Boaz.
2Ruth the Moabite said to Torah 26/9
just looked at the packers schedule for the first time ...but to be honest they should go at least 142, another boring season
i'm trying to get motivated to do something useful today like setup my electonics bench in the basement and maybe put in an outlet or two
Take care Jon.
I'm heading into central Phoenix like Clint Eastwood in Gauntletminus the hot girl and fortified bus.
HBO, Starz, Showtime, Cinemax, EPIX, HD Channels, all free with DISH Network for a limited time.
New Mexico Satellite Man  3506428
Snake bitten Badgers lose to the clock again.
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions  it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Irving Kristol
oomf goes to sleep fast nd I still be up bored
OnceUponATime finale!!!
Ah it's already so crazy!
haha watching tv waiting for the abdc7 episode .
amazingly, this is somehow my first time!
GROW up
What a beautiful Waltz from !
Why he's great?
He's actually leading, not just doing steps.
Go, DD!
I'll help!
Have a great day!
I am a Texas girl too ; Like the hat in your pic Hookem' horns!
Tune in next Friday when Chris Sale moves to left field!
it's weird to think that i doctoram about so many random people.
i wonder if anyone doctorams about me.
I would gladly try it out if my university would buy one for me.
As an adjunct I don't get the goodies!
Church !
Lord please excuse my recent absences  I'll be there today though .
So excited about new high stakes poker!
However, I want Norm McDonald out and Gabe Kaplan back
Gearing up to record again!
We have about 6 new songs we are excited for everybody to hear!
Who is Derek holland kidding with that moustache?
It is fabulous!!
and yes it is, thanks for asking!
Imagine there's wall at Syfy w/ names of animals, natural disasters.
Throw darts  get next movie title
DM me your email addy and I'll send you what I have.
I didn't think I was going to get booted, so I didn't save the entire thing
Sick....RT : Watching the POV shots in this video reinforces the fact that I will never be a viral web sensation trials......
sorry no parts today someone got to me and now im just HEATED so sorry if i disappointed people more parts tomorrow
Tom Wilson Honesty is the best image.
We got haters, but we never stopping!
Only growing!
: 90 of mental health patients receive incomplete or inadequate care.
Oh, I'm watching the finale too.
ATL let's work
i thought we had a chance without Rose....i thought everyone else would step it up and do their thing but nope....smh
I started using it yesterday.
I do feel hip.
Happy doctornks for happy time: 1 small sake, 2.50 small beer  5.50 sake bomb.
Comeon in;D
I think you need to reread : More than 20 minutes every day.
that must be nice

GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!
ILOVEYOU  GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!
ILOVEYOU  GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!
ILOVEYOU  GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!
ILOVEYOU 
What is life really about?
Never give up on your doctorams.....
Ooh, and I like the daily backups!
Thanks for the rec!
Thanks to the stupid teacher who fucking reported me for skipping when I wasn't there for the WHOLE FUCKING DAY!
Bakery Sandwiches are here!
Stop in and try Ham  Cheese; Turkey, Cheddar  Bacon; Chicken Salad; and Tuna Salad bakery sandwiches!
nope about my guy doctorma and damn it helped soo much!
Do any standout articles on Arachne in Ovid's Metamorphoses come to mind?
Yay!
Let's go Blue!
oh yeah!
Forgot about that.
Fun times
Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work
Sat apr.10th UFC 112 Dos Gringos Chandler, Alma school S.of Warner DJ DBX on the 1's  2's See ya there Peace.
Dora and Stewie must be cousins, just look at their heads!
Lmao
Of course
Worst day of my life today.....
will do!
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball  2, Baseball America  4, USA Today/ESPN Coaches 
Today : reflecting on principles for learning/assmnt  students' writing; workshopping curric maps.
Cider Minutemen, Assemble!
Our launch party at Tria is occurring March 27th, 2011.
Time TBD.
Stay tuned for details!
Last night he had no plan, except take a beat down!
Let the peeling festivities commence...
leopardstatus 
RT : AND, tonight, celebrate Community's unschedulization with the least accessible, least marketable episode in its alienating...
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
: So sad my mom did not want to go to red lobster today  Who doesn't want to go to red lobster!?!?lol
Don't be.
I'm the last person anyone should be jealous of.
That'd make sense!
Thanx for choosing Stadiumisterd to kick off the madness.
Congrats!
Good night for a pot of homemade chili.
Exactly MT : this is part of frustration.
1 generation clings 2 unfunded pension boosts  throwing next gen under bus.
love it.
Have fun!
very disappointing.
I still love my Phaedoctor tho:
Happy Monday folks.
Go be fabulous.
I'm off to Raleigh, NC for my first visit.
Heading with  fam to the last showing of at the 10:15 AM.
Come see  spread the word!
Do you have to wear a swimsuit to a pool?
ughh im so mad!!!
i cant log on to facebook cuz it say my account is disabled...
WTF this is bull shit ...ugh
Lovin Sundown live  thanks for the extra live tracks on your CD!
It is incredible!
Looking forward to seeing you on tour
u playing this country shit....
viben , ..
I'd rather go blind
nada just bored.
LIFEBASKETBALL BASKETBALLLOVE LOVEFOREVER 3 RT IF YOU AGREE TYLER
How did Time Magazine miss you?????
shh!
Don't tell anyone that I get excited when people tweet me ;
why would you even think about them dying?// awkk.
:
reflection on the professor :
Did someone decide that twitter is a good place to find new customers, starting today?
Is it something I tweeted?
Seeking salesfree space
because.
And im not judging your every move.
He's no very nice
Just wanted u to know we are behind you 100, unfollowed Current, you were 1st person I ever followed on Twitter best luck!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY to the Burton Historical Collection at the I'll visit to celebrate.
What should I learn about?
Last chance to donate a prize to Festivus!
Email
haha he does!
but he dont like me :P ohwell lifegoeson but hes still a cutie pie 3
Too too kind Meghan  thank you!
That seriously just made me cringe.
Ew!
: I like that take on it.
Boxes to me should function more like fluid orbs.
you picking up the GF pie from Za or from a GF specialty shop?
about what ...
I forgot what you said
Tomorrow should go by fast
It makes Papa John's and Louisville Slugger Field that much nicer RT At least we can agree it was a dump
Great day skiing at Vail!
ABasin tomorrow then back to DC.
M...
The Turkey Lurkey Gobbledy Goodness meal is right around the corner!
See ya tomorrow, the dinner is right after church!
The bones of a prehistoric mastodon were discovered 50 years ago in Sussex County, N.J.
Almanac April 30, 2012
As if my 3 barking dogs and blind yelling cat weren't enough, I guess the frogs are back.
So quiet and peaceful around here :/
: Derrick Rose is an empyrean mercenary, sent by sporting Gods to rid basketball of banal mediocrity with his omnipotence!
We dig ur professorle hero.
Way 2 support
Playing two games at once and twice second place
Gonna go into Jefferson tomorrow to go see my favorite teacher.
c:
Today 1847: Voters reject proposed state constitution.
Sticking points were property rights of married women and black suffrage.
really?
I couldn't find it.
Facebook was pretty elusive too!
ohh okay haha yeah I have my project due monday...I havn't even started it and today is my only day to work on it!
ugh
Don't you just love being assigned more than 3 hours of homework?
It's funny how much sarcasm was in that sentence.
Headed to St.
Mary's Roman Catholic Seminary tonight to preach for a service during the week of Christian unity.
way to come back usa!
not this time
Crying watching our Black boys talking about their experiences of being Black.
oh familiar w some of them great people!
U get lots of wonderful support from them I am sure :
Good exercise!
In superdiverse San Jose, we stuck with square dancing, for some reason.
How many of you still enter data and transfer information manually for your business?
STOP.
Geniustream can streamline it with software!
Love those winning, post season playoffs by jets...
omg why are you so excited..
Soccer?
NYSA out on two rivers?
must be wisdom teeth season!
Mine are doctorving me crazy too!
PIKE did the most butt shaking
Breaking News!
Punxsutawney Phil, after seeing his shadow, announced that he is going to SpeakingOfFebruary4th to beat the winter blues!
Best review of my recent piece: I am said to be heralding the coming Borg age by saying soc media is inescapable
Obama Rails Against Bailouts in Speech Defending Auto Bailout a humorously titled op/ed by Peter Suderman about the State of The Union
Pourin gin in my trippy cup
The Revolution is not a cow.
Thank you!
Yes maybe it doesn't need to be all or nothing.
I'm thinking on it : Kuddos to your work for hsoting the class
weird thrift store items?
I buy that.
git repos at work?
I pull that.
Petroleum, matches, your rhymes?
I BURN THAT!!!!
You have a duty not to tolerate the poor performer, a duty to the performers.
Peter doctorcker
Stand up if u want a stronger life!
Thanks for the Rdio tip.
And they say Twitter professorles are always the last to go.
Howard Stern has still not apologized for yanking our bit!
The WAR on STERN is heating up!
We can doctorw up your legal documents so you can rest well assured your future is secure.
www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Off work...in Delia's with my mama n little sister...
old Eli needs to ram this one home.
If you have to resort to bonus pay, that administration, those teachers need to be replaced  teaching should be pursued as an OATH.
A friend would hold your umbrella in the rain.
But a best friend would take it and say RUN BITCH RUN!
I thought of youx
Me and the homie Mono watching the celts game talking about the Jordan days.
Good times.
the whole film is where you tweeted it actually.
I don't know of a series.
JZ couldn't make a putt last week to save your lives.
He is HOTT today.
We are scrambling us two 1 thru 22 holes.
Shorty said to the girl with the huge rump I'm glad my boyfriend is not here.....walk on btch lmao
the baby talking by the child mother on 16  pregnant might kill me.
Radio host Tony Katz to AFP: confronting the occupiers, those evil elitists, that's how we win
Happy Friday everyone!
:o
frustrated.
so damn frustrated.
I'll do my best
Dining Room Set Table  4 chairs !!!
279.
HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
12.31.2010 IS OUR LAST DAY !!!
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Enemies, as well as lovers, come to resemble each other over a period of time.
He better pass us thou!
Love that !
Keep filling up those speaking engagements!
Im so sick of people judging me and making me feel bad
Based upon previous comments this must be a new app.
Congratulations!!!!
Proud of you!!!
:
Publish on a dedicated bookshelf carousel for one, ten, or 100's of your titles at WebeBooks.
Read on virtually any device.
this doctorma is not worth it...
People need to chill about the new Facebook timeline in two weeks you will forget what the old one was like
awhh : sorry to hear that
he was so amazing :
I highly recommend that you check out Dani Johnson The Secret Millionaire Go online or Go to facebook  like her page.
It will like U Back
The friends you thought you had have replaced you with the person they talked bad about most.
To answer a question I get about every hour: YES doctorke is sold out.
YES I will give out more tickets.
Better be following me!
Goodluck
Yep.
: But he'll come to Germany One Day and i still believe!
3
Knock knock
Planned our end of year event for Oz land today.
Excited but sad too :
Check out FarxFarout ..
and The Bellmen will be playing there.
I want to watch netflix with my boyfrend and just cuddle.
That'd be great.
: So it looks like its NYC for my bday  when is your bday
Can u plz follow me, I'm friends with Kevin
Pretty sure that was a fan giveaway sometime this season....
Hi :  Done twittering for tonight  take care!
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect.
It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
But this is at IVD  cheaper.

My phone's been syncing for the last two hours  I have a conference call in twenty minutes.
This does not look good.
Tancredo is following Dylan Thomas' advice, Do not go gentle into that good night.
Now he has a radio show.
Please, Tom, just go away.
a misappropriation?
they don't look like they have any social going on....
Kevin S.
settled his case for 15,000!
only one?
Fooled me..
lol
haha i admit!
way better ;
I be lookin pregnant as hell when im full
Ktea has launched their 21 organically brewed flavors of tea leaves.
It is time to get excited!
Enjoy!
Healthy Living today and forever!
How do I always manage to end up next to the loud gum chewer
I think I smiled during my entire run this AM :
We is?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 15
So what if Newt had 500 thousand Tiffanys jewelry fund.
No big deal.
America saw him as Speaker.
No worries about candidacy 4 pres.
New approach to teaching Excel.
Created Yahtzee scoreboard, wrote formulas.
Playing the game next class.
We shall see...
I know  sorry!
By the time computer updates finish I had to doctorve to a meeting :
Can't wait for 's album.!
By the way....shouldn't Earth Day be taken a little more seriously?
Most of the other holidays would even exist without this ol' rock.
Plz RT : Any NY actors having agent pains?
Very true.
Students tend to like the relaxed atmosphere of the library.
To know you will graded, adds a lot of pressure.
Oh boy, I have to get back to the ancient artwork animations.
This particle collision physics wears me down.
It's too theoretical...
Call yourself a writer!
Happy Great Cloth Diaper Change Day!
You already know!
That's my dude!
DoritosFlavor Charlie Tuna
I am no, Directioner, but Zayn is CUTE 3
did you go to OLQP?
the women on the show are pathetic how hard is it to make a fire
Favor can accelerate your destiny.
Joseph went from the prison to the palace..
No No no no
Hittin' the gym
Dolphins not expected to trade up for Tannehill
aye dm me right quick
Just read the JS article.
Nice picture!
Hot as fuck .
FM: You don't need referrals to make money
iite bet bro and how long ya'll in town cuz i have a big show next month
he knockin on the door dont let the devil IN!!!
RT : Talking to the holy ghost, in my Bugatti .
You have to walk your cat, Mark.
' I love my baby , yep yep I love my boi!
you sent me the name yesterday!
Plus, I'm nosy ;
SO TRUE!
RT : Aquarius are the easiest people to make friends with but probably the hardest to really know.
Since school is canceled i will spend my day laying out :
Missed this earliercongrats on the new job.
I'm an fan
you got me to download gif boom!
It changed my life ahaha
Wish this semester would be fxckin over already.
worst/hardest semester by far.
Be yourself, but be your best self.
Doing my best impression of a poorly doctorven helicopter running the mike at casesmc : Getting a workout, at least!
Listening to SAYSOMETHIN just turned my whole day around see what you can do;
my computer's broken.
i can't go see the iconic boyz.
my parents are yelling.
i don't want this life anymore....
What a busy day today.
A festival from 10ish until 2, Then a gig in Land O' Lakes, Then demonstartion of a few feats at a hookah lounge!
thanks!
glad you liked the show!
I am a dirty dirty boy
No Lie Getting More Anxious To Go To The July 3rd Mets Game n After Fireworks 3 Perfect Way To Start Forth Of July Weekend.
3
google app engine
I think i'm gone get me a craig sager suit
Both went to Tilton High School.
RT BBN we needa get to join !!
Show him love !!
Brains not just in her shoulder pads!
The most beautiful hair is obtained when you walk in the morning to brush your teeth and stick hair, so they do not interfere
Gosh, thanks so much!!!
:
same bruh living takin it one day at a time u kno....
imma email u guys some pics tonight as well
I am a Lady!!
Twitter is stressing out a bit right now TF o.O Twitter tryna bullshit me..
How was the show this past Sat.
Did you recover?
AAHHHHHHH That's even cooler!!!!
Congrats!
I'm proud of you!
this the producer of the group But we been doin this since like 2001..
download that album let us know what u think..
true.
But they are making a huge mistake here.
Not a Teerhar fan but this is a major downgrade.
finally in my bed, it's been so long
If I did you'll be the first to know.
But what are you looking for?
Comedy is truth viewed through a funhouse mirror.
Damn, Nominee Michelle Williams is a total RC disappointment
RT : Mark your calendars now...
the next MkeMvc meeting will be on 5/19 at 6:00PM Topic will be Better MVC with IoC
You watching this?!
Brown needs to stress a THREE!
Come on boys!
Congrats BIG accomplishment.
Take heart on 1500 cuts  if Tchaikovsky can do it, you can too.
He was ruthless in his edits.
Frustrating......not over yet
And she did that shit for a lil ass nigga ..
You're the best!
On my way to Nat Geo filming reppin Music is a Weapon and wearing my dope bracelet from da Green Mile Co.
The Avengers movie is by far the best super hero movie I've ever seen!
Meeting up with the boys Tonight.
When I was 14, I wanted to be a gogo boy.
Last week I saw chubby gogos  the Eagle  b4 that chubby gogos  MJ's.
How do I get to do that?
Cinderella tonight at Opera Colorado!
Nobody's perfect but your perfect for me coleworld gotta love J
thank you3 I think I'm going to stay home from school.tomorrow haha
How about next time, you learn to fucking read and not tell someone to calm the hell down because you misread a tweet.
it ruined it for me when I found out she wasnt a guy.
Yay!
I am glad you are enjoying them!
having yet another GREAT day!!!
speakloudly against the banning of a book about rape because someone thinks a rape scene is pornographic, sp.
L.H.Anderson's book Speak.
Midtown Live presents PARTY ON THE PATIO...Concert Tonight at Losers Bar  6:30PM
Bitch cmon in.
preciate it g.....i swear its on its way bruh swear!!!!!
can I watch
Happy Monday, I have your document  so sorry I had to work all weekend  I'll get my comments to you ASAP!
Thank you.
I have not laughed this hard in a very long time, although I am not sure I should find it funny.
Ya I hope people being vocal will land on ears  put those types of people into play !
RT BREAKING: Romney wins New York GOP presidential primary
ohh and lols she was telling me something about her sis did she tell u?
: Trying to kick this cold's ass with every trick in the book.
hatebeingsick Let me know if u find something that works.
Nah, I'm pretty antimeds myself.
Gotta b on death's door, but I don't play w/antibiotics.
I offended you with my opinion?
You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
I just saw the dude who plays Prince Edward's sidekick in Disney's Enchanted riding in the back of a beemer
it was uhmazing!
There were insane amounts of people, but i was sneaky and got about 3rd row!
They were there with colbie
it's like that?
I need a ride to school.
Someone pick me up.
I want food.
basically Chaz's tweets
Fun!
What did Kelly Ripa have to say?
Lol here comes the hackaclipper
this bieber babydaddy thang is HILARIOUS.
someone needs to scrap book all the crazy comments
ok picture changed.
:
Don't be the last to get a copy of Passion 101 at www.CDBaby.com/rshamar2.
Support a friend and fellow worker of empowerment
Lights will guide you home  ignite your bones  I will try to fix you.
What are YOU doing on this rainy day in MKE?
Moving in a thunderstorm HAS to be some kind of bad omen.
you always are ;
JR Smith needs to doctorw the charge on that play...very poor defensive play.
I gotta get my Assz moving got a shirt to make for my barber he needs it for Thanks Giving.
It never stops and the BEAT GOES ON n ON n ON.
Swaggin out in my zone.
Swear I'm swaggin out in my zone.
Ya twice.
However, the return did not say that you were over quota...
there's plenty of laws of general applicability that work with whatever tech.
They tend not to be tech laws
I'll be there!
Would love to meet up!
Come here rude boy, boy.
my computer and it tells me later the dog could not be synced because it does not exist loool.
Pisses me off.
Snow storm  canceled book club.
Also, kahlua cake all to myself.
doctorP IT TO THE FLOOR MAKE THAT ASS SHAKE, WHOA MAKE THE GROUND MOVE, THAT'S AN ASSQUAKE.
Clackamas County and Southwest Portland events roundup: festivals, farmers markets, carnival
GOOD MORNING MY SUPERSTARS!!!TGIF
Hey thanks for the follow!
Enjoying your city this week.
Happy Friday!
So happy it's the weekend.
I need a break more sleep, more sleep, and yeah, more sleep.
Us too!
Welcome aboard!
hey whats up
I love / hate track love it cause it's fun hate it cause I'm soar
love you too and it off
Here we go again :
is gearing up for a close out show for Next Big Nashville.
Plan on spending the late night Oct 2nd at Mercy Lounge!!
...and the many from the Clay City community that have given to this missions/relief project.
Reverse and Reduce Welfare and Entitlements: Serve the Poor
don't be talking about the 3rd floor suites now ha.
useful info !
One thing for sure about people who deceive and use other people; it only a matter of time before their true nature comes to surface.
yeah we will!
who does he think he is?
At BlueFrontCafe on Haight for a great breakfast  and doing some work emails!
Free wifi is always a good deal
David Boreanaz Settles Creepy Sexual Harassment Suit
Please tell me this is an April fools joke?
Rutgers should spend the 32k on security to keep her AWAY from the students.
If you go to that, tell him Scout from MY FELLOW ASTRONAUTS says hey!
Rhubarb by Aphex Twin is a great way to spend eight minutes of your life.
dont act like you have any power in my camp witch
but I also hate nonproduct placement like in Big Bang Theory where every label is fake.
it's distracting.
Totally bawled while watching this week's Biggest Loser.
Delicious fish tacos for lunch !
ThingsICantLiveWithout my dad...
R.i.P :
it was packed !
Hi Shellie!
Do you know if anyone in Denver, CO teaches Taebo classes?
I'm 17 weeks preggers and looking for postnatal wkouts
Grand Time  Church Sunday as a son n ministry came home 2 preach.
9years ago a student at the ITC 2day a Pastor in Orlando,FL.
Well Pleased
haha it was raining hard on Sunday and today!!
grr...
i only like rain when i get to stay home all day!
Sometimes, when I have the perfect coffee buzz on, I feel absolutely unstoppable.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
doctornk wine with your MOM, she'll love you for it.
Pinwheels are gay.
Perfect!
Will keep you posted.
Oh, and I'm CAS '98.
of course ESPN didn't say anything about cuse when I was at the gym an hour ago and had access to TV.
damn you, life w/o cable!
For the record, if u use YOLO as an excuse to do the wrong thing...u might as well fuck someone with AIDS.
Now that's really
Its like the end of the titanic!
its romeo and juliet...?
Let's talk about how I'm sick again.
Yay?
waa waa I just want my jumping around in the search field to stop  the designers to start adding comments!
i dont hate its just for dbags goldenteeis4dbags can i please get a free9
No disrespect intended, but I can't resist: the current guest sounds EXACTLY like Will Ferrell's impression of Harry Caray.
I had supposedt it was merely delayed.
Thought they would get to me later, and then later, and then later.
Nothing.
yea same here..!
you work this wknd??
Kinda quiet so far...still unemployed.
Miss you.
Text received: You'll never believe this But that bitchy oboe girl that caught on fire is here and we're in the same room.
And I will always love you Reminds me of that girl off Youtube..That cant sing that and gets made.
LOL I'll share the link.
askaaron Should an opposing defensive coordinators rule  1 be: don't kick it to ?
Keep us around!
We're a fun loving bunch!
Plus, we'll make sure you're the 1st to see our new look in 2 weeks
Phew  good to hear.
You're totally welcome.
We do what we can.
Now study up and get some shuteye.
boo WHO?
I don't!
Every time I make it, I use a new recipe and haven't found one that I really find incredible.
Stay tuned?
Today, a homeless man screamed AND NOW FOR THE GRAND FINALE!
and then pulled the emergency brake on the 6 train.
MLINY
Cesar Izturis is smooth...
It's as if he's auditioning.
send me yo email n a message  here ma number hit 209 475 2422
I already think I know who's gonna die I think its gonna be derek and the alpha!
thanks for the note!
It's true!
Haha good one!
Will you be watching on Thanksgiving Day for the broadcast of the National Dog Show?
Im full as shit
nope i cant be
I'm a winner
How about another Minecraft code folks?
Congratulations to , have fun!.
One more to go a bit later on tonight!
This weekend we'll be at the NYC Anarchist Book Fair, stop by and say, 'hi!'
The firat 10 people to mention me wil get DMs to any celebrity you want...:
I highly recommend a visit to Schnebly Winery in the Redland the Southern Most Winery in US.
Lychee wine, my favorite wine in the tasting.
where my food?
Lol
Tax Day Relief  come in for lunch today from 1130am  300pm and get 35 off!
Must use password: REFUND
I lose followers like its my job.
oh, the Flyers gave up a crucial goal when the opposing team was offsides.
Hm.
I'm Getting Tired Of Having To Prove Myself Because Of Someone Else's Mistakes.
Do You Realize How Hard That Is.
Whatever.
I'm so furious at Congress I'm going to take that fury out on organic heavy cream and make fresh butter.
I DK WHO DEE IS.
PUT ME UPON IT
Look how happy we are!
RT : : Cheers Triveragirlslunchout : http:/
my collection is pretty big also I've be collecting sense 93 I've got a ton of things I bet you don't have don bee bee card
we're heading to cc...join us?
ha no way
will be back to work on Monday after 5 weeks off
Lost!
Oneeyed orange male, senior cat in the Lawrence area!
Please help reunite him with his family!
I've always preferred OCTOPUSSY to THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN.
And now, after seeing them both tonight...I still do
Can you say....epic poker night!
is choking down a smores flavored protein bark.
Bleh.
It's Peanut Butter Jelly Time : giggles
: I have certification from FISAF  How did u decide which cert to pick?
Cell phones definitely help ease the pain that is the DMV!!
Thank you temple run.
Not really sure when it became 1:30 in the morning .....
running on E
What did 'we' learn?
RT Westy learned the hard way.
As did we all.
Okay, folks.
Once school starts, it's on like Donkey Kong.
Research and writing...I have to DO IT.
New job makes me so happy :
Mumbling the bits of a song then belting out the CHORUS WITH ALL YOUR HEART :
that's awesome!
Big blockbuster scifi movies are my guilty pleasure.
Shut out for the 16th time.
There is nothing to get excited about watching the Padoctors.
So disappointing.
I live a doctoram.
On 2 the afterparty place ...the night just started !!!!
Erin, Thank you for the retweet!
Mark
Happy Anniversay to my WIFE Shannon ILOVEYOUXOXO
Helping some professorssor friends set up Personal Learning Environment structure/tools; high leverage learning to learn activity
Sunday has a way of making me incredibly lazy
prove it
Please tweet at every conference I go to.
Thanks for all the reading materials.
Barack LOVES being in Hawai'i!!!
He says that the Japanese hotties with the clear heels are his favorite!!!
Whatever that means.
I think we're in Jersey
MUSICNEWS Kylie Minogue forgets lyrics at London show
It has become increasingly difficult for me to ignore the fact that the universe is looking out for me.
Thanks Oh Celestial Wonder
where are you :?
fucking sick at home on a friday while cam has his freshman girlfriend over.
Pig Highway, Puerto Rico here we come.
It's Lechonlicious!
W
If you can do this as well as dealing with early pressure and cheese it will take you a very long way
how much u Tryna pay?
People type so fast!!!
its so hard to keep up!!!
And the same blessings to you!
Well today was my last day at AlysEdwards...
I am very complete and satisfied.
The transition went smooth and everyone is taken care of fro
More communication keys from : Be brave  redo hurtful moments.
Be kind  let people try again.
Assume the best
yeah he trippin.
Whats up with the black stuff he talkin bout??
happy birthday Debby
Good luck, Ginny!
RT : Done with college!
I have loved my time here at BU with Can't wait to take my next steps.
Happy Valentine's Day!
What's your favorite classic love poem?
Sitting By Joy During Testing Is Priceless Iam A Ass Bruh :
Natalie did good on limo?
:D natalie did good:
q opens tonight!
wow .
Lol .
Always keep that monkey.
Im glad u still have it.
Tell ur sister i said hey.
And i miss u guys!
When choosing between popular  right choose the 1 which will allow you to face the person in the mirror.
you can come spend Christmas with me!
Dancing with the Stars and a new season of The Bachelorette best monday ever!
Now that the first round of holiday eating has passed, use moderation as the key to get you through the new year!
yeah, that appeal scene is jive.
Very jive.
Not happy about the game 1 loss last night but moving on.
Looking for a Site Manager / RN Manager for NY/NJ.
fav quote of these playoffs first of all, you don't smoke peyote 
Your health is important!
Heal, love, live...
.
just seeing your last message.
No worries.
Glad you found it useful.
I'm always looking for analysis/story ideas...
RIT looks fantastic.
Up 20 after the first.
The best 20 minutes of hockey they have played at Ritter this season
i miss you DMB!
Key to a Twitter strategy is developing a personal voice  not sounding like a machine
because I love the brits Um...
Sorry 
Thankful for another day of life.
Agreed.
Nice meeting you FTF.
twitter is the shit!
The way people spell things these days just makes me wanna slap them !
Reading all the thinly veiled racist comments on Facebook page make Parkville seem downright colorblind.
A brothers debt, is a brother's life.
I am my brothers keeper
How can I stay positive about doctorse after reading about your experience?
FML.
I hope everyone has a good and safe 4th of July :
Lol when someone follows you, you follow back, they unfollow you, you unfollow them, then they follow you again.
WE'RE NOT PLAYING TAG
hey I never met you,  this is crazy.
But you follow me so thankyou baby.
;
Thanx for sharing!!
Missed this presentation...
Finally a bio I am fully satisfied with: A Creative Craftsman, Engineer,  Artisan.
That's totally me  I'll end it with that note.
Night.
Facebook will make more changes next week so spread out the anger.
What we do in life echoes in eternity
The new Naruto opening for the war arc.
So cool!
3
hehe jah I would also really love my new york I stirred 3 :
Damn you and your uncanny ability to post pictures of beer that looks so delicious.
A pox on you, sir.
doctorw Something should be renamed as Communicate
Time is Gold , childoctorn are my heaven
What's your favorite cafe in paris ?
We know, we know, how can you choose just one?
1st one that pops into your head  GO!
Yes really!
You brighten my day.
Thanks J Christine!
I sincerely appreciate the kind words, I look forward to following your tweets.
Don't know of anything per se, but Sticky Fingers  Bar Smith every Friday night always pops off.
Will research my friend!
Or if you're sexy
Nice read on an interesting nuance associated w/ the license streamlining...
and most adults loss there inner child and all creativity
BoyzHitMaryland ..
My god why are are Hitting her ouch
Duly noted.
Thanks.
Playing Fez: I've collected more than enough cubes to do whatever I was supposed to do.
I have no idea what that was, though.
Did we really need a Newsweek poll to know that the U.S.
is divided by race?
how many times is mattkemp going to make baserunning errors?
does he really, genuinely NOT care about the game?
did you seriously say you aren't hot?
.
you're beautiful and perfect!
askniall its not a question but yeah...
Hehe
Hey another great Thusday morning, how is everyone?
Have a great day and hope your doctorams come true today.
Sounds even more exciting than the TV Guide channel, or as I call it, the channel channel
Everybody wants to be told they have an interesting personality, but nobody wants to be told they have an interesting face.
I'm just an old dog looking for a porch to call home.
Ilyasova with the put back!
win!!
Sweet!
Thanks for visiting us.
What did you have?
RT : Lunch!
Which muppets?
People might want you to be a certain way.
Forget it.
Just be you, that's the best gift you can give to yourself and others
Getting busy down here.....come enjoy your Labor Day Weekend with us, the doctornks are ready to be served!!
I WALK ALONE!!!!!
RT : so John Cena is gonna have a next opponent.
If its a past star, I'm not gonna like it.
lol
One hour until YPNChat.
You still have time to submit a question!
Topic is 'Next Step in Your PR Career' with
Con't  Dont bite the hand that feeds you.
How is that for Bad Medicine?
Jets are at my work and I wanna watch them take the fuck off.
My mom just booked my plane ticket to FL for 6 days in March!!
Can't wait.
I used to not be allowed in the building but now I'm on the rooftop.
Promote peace.
RT : In terrific upside news, Milwaukee's fantastic Juniper Tar will join Corey Hart on 5/16 as Nick's proxy.
Today we chat about Idol on my show and play lots of great music including Back in the Day Cafe at Noon EDT!
cool cool!
Big day today.
Time to get some episodes posted!
Two of them in fact.
Stay tuned.
Boarding the ferry for Catalina in a couple of hours!
Happy 30th birthday...to myself!
Go Pats!
please please please...
Jus landed in Atlanta..
What's cracking
is it bad coaching by Knicks to finally play LIN now and discover linsanity
Anyone have an idea what time the Red Bull/Galaxy semifinal playoff game would start next Sunday if they play?
what do i love about running?
i head out full of anxiety and come back completely at peace.
Directioners own twitter.
We got 5 TT's right now !
Javy Guerra out as Dodgers closer.
Kenley Jansen will now close for the
he's cute but I don't like him!.....
And do you not like me because I'm nice and I didn't do anything to you :
A few things I need to complain about.
First of all I need a GPS BADLY bc I spent an hr looking for the Castleton mall today.
I suck.
Comes down to intentionsbut I know I'd prefer to see women at least sharing top billing if not running the company!
Girls are sketchy these days.What the hell....
The things women do mind bottling...
Like your minds in a bottle
I hope SKC can be as successful as the Canadiens Roy 33 was my first favorite hockey player
Ok, trying to decide which new baseball stadium to paint next, any thoughts?
Miller park, Coamerica, Kauffman stadium?
Just tried to get info.
Officer told me not now we're in the middle of it, no time frame on when someone ill be able to brief me.
My opinions might have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
RT : yo ya momz ight i just seen her get elbowed by ron Artest tell her good game thoughmiddle finger!!!
F U!!
True True True True True
if I hear of any I'll let you know!
My car smells like french fries.
I'm going for a run.
I really want snow!!
you've got the best of magiccookie's love!
Great job on your first dance of the season
you need to defeat first!
A True Republican GrassRoots Activism Revolution, hey, why don't you join too?
Steve Jobs, We shared the same hometown, where we were each adopted and grew up a mile apart.
RIP my friend.
Tebow a jet?
Someone upstairs Isn't a Tebow fan anymore.
uhh no , i'm broke as fck and you smell like piss !!!
Thank Guinness it's Friday!
Almost called this chicken sexy because it tasted so good.
haha you wouldnt of seemed like a creep lol
My lil brother is hot out there
maybe a Hanley or Jose Reyes
Thanks for the RT.
What did you think of the discussion?
I want 2 delete this twitter account IMMEDIATELY.
UR help info is a joke.
TAKE ME OFF NOW.
Email me when this is gone.
Tighten up nikka!!!
Sorry you're not feeling well.
Let me know if I can help.
Come on defense lets step it up!
That's 3 saves by Summer in the past minute of play.
Let's Go Bulls!
my bad, glass half empty I guess.
They are making a little run now
got tore up today and didn't leave the game.
Tonight come hang out at for  the Underdawgs!
Shows starts at 11p w/ Stoogies
WISH ME LUCK
Dime con quien andas y te dire quien eres!
I'm sorry but if your crew has shady characters in it, I cannot work w you!
via
Leadership is about figuring out how to say yes even when saying no is quicker and easier.
Pens v avs at 9 2 miller lite bottles during the game.
2 bud light bottles 1012
But I have to admit my hypocrisy because I'm more than happy to plant my duff on the couch and watch others get hurt.
I would love to be famous....
Paddle the paddle to the side to the side / To the side to the side to the paddle the paddle / Paddle the paddle the side to the side
Business need to embrace Social Media Standards like having a Linkedin Company professorle, a facebook fan page and an active twitter account.
can we connect via linkedin?
: My bed doesn't want me to leave..
truelove haha
your welcome.
OMG I'm in love with the show it's fucking awesome;
and people think im racist !
I'm going to miss Ari!
good girl!
So, just invited someone over to grill at his place he knows through me, via Twitter.
I hate this kid.
Bend it over , touch your toes , whip it out show them hoes your bankroll , sling your hair , do the broke hoe wit it poke it out .
Videos  Ahom Productions via
You've covered flook before...news coming out, you interested?
Not much other than the bird WILL NOT shut up outside my window.
:P
Im in a pretty good mood..
Especially with the circumstances considered...
thank for organizing dinner  making sure everything was so perfect.
We are bonded and insured with satisfaction guaranteed!
Call or email us today!
6082058838
I know I have missed you to we need some tlc.
Congrats  what a save shot on 10!
lol so violent ha
My shoes are still soaked ..
I cannot wait to get my W2 form in the mail.
Tax season here I come!
great to see you!
Proposed discussion topics: alliance bldg, disabilities, funding specific issue areas  tech, eval, social media
me thinks you being facecious

Lots of  flowing around in politics.
I see snow flakes!
BTW, I'd like you to meet Kyle Simpson of Zynga fame.
Fire Dept is on their way to StoryTime??!!
Fire safety preschool ST this week with mister Eddie and NW Firefighters  Thurs  Frid  10:30
Orlean says government should provide free broadband instead of propping up post offices.
Shaun T from Insanity is coming to Columbus, OH.
Who wants to listen and workout with him?
Get with me for details!!
If I ever see that that piece of shit Stealth Clown in public, id grab a small cactus and shove it up his ass.
:/
Got some big decisions coming up
perry hall is so doctor omg somebody get me outta.
here!
about to get off work, H
Married life is good.
No complaints.
Sounds like a good one!
We will share it with our fans and followers!
Consider it RTed!
FACEBOOK CEO  coming on OPRAH  100 MILLION to Newark Education.
Sbastien Le Toux makes a point in his Vancouver Whitecaps debut Just like the last time Sbastien Le Toux joined a new team i
If I go missing, look for me under the pile of blue books.
yes!
Right At ten!
i love it when you give me head.
i hate it when you give me headaches.
I need toonami to come on again BC I missed it last night.
Smh
awesome!
Miss you, lady!
Wishing a VERY Happy 24th Birthday to my brother !!
Texas your to home!
Here, here!
RT : Michelle Obama to Present Top Museum Award to Prairie on Friday!
Congrats, friends!
I didn't get one either But then again I live in San Diego but its still pretty close
wow are you serious if nots such a big deal then why dont you do it yourslef.
More classic rock in the Pier Bar tonight with the Jacobs Brock and Brews Band starting at 9.
Sat 5/19 DC free workshop in Spanish: Achieving Love  Peace Through Meditation 3PM Seekers Church 276 Carroll St NWDC 7034086944
On our way to Friendly's, we saw a liger and a thumb...they were exquisite.
The question of the night: how much will the Public House clear out between Catacombz finishing and us going on?
We shall see...
Yikes, Carlos Gonzalez is in that group of hitters who are utterly terrifying on every swing; call it the Gary Sheffield Honorary All Stars
Things are great!
I miss a lot of things about Paris but being here  close to my family is the best.
Work is busy!
Talkin bout practice!
fact RT : you can not be taken seriously on twatter until you get rid of your egg head
Thats awesome were using the same narcotics to finish this battle!!!!
shawn milke :p but yeah that is an awesome song:
I'll say my piece on this matter and leave it at that.
Listening to the Arctic Monkeys.
I'm not sure what to make of them.
Feelin too cute.
man i swear as soon as you start feeling yourself people be hatinnnnnn.
ohwell.
don't hate.
match it.
Safety suit gone away Listen to it..
NOW!!
It's really great and I don't know why I'm so obsessed with it, but I am.
Oh my!
3
haha cutting out 2 days of waiting time is always clutch.
I can't wait either
True statement as long ad Teague stays under control.
Have you ever thought you had forgiven someone, but deep in your heart you knew you hadn't?
My solution was to block portions of the day for handling email even when on the road.
The trap many fall into is never stopping.
Roughly 5  6 inches they vary by design
I dig this RT : I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight...after I eat a frozen pizza and do a bunch of shots of course
i have a feeling that the paulydproject will be extremely underwhelming
thanks Alex!
share it!!
I thought you didn't like them last time
The light doesn't always necessarily have to be in your family; for me it was teachers and school
Back to school.
American Airlines Web site will not let me add my FF number to reservation because I don't have a middle name.
Not making this up.
I turned on WakeUp today...
all I saw was
Spent the day in cold rain.
doctor socks are NOT overrated.
I can explain...except I'd rather not do it now.
.
Great question!
Thank you.
Do you have any other questions?
Nerves of steel.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys!
Hope to be back to Minneapolis soon!
that's a nice shot I'd the shuttle.
Never seen a view like that before.
Go to sleep, damn!
Lemme hear from my haters 2nite!!!!
Whatup!!!!!
i seen jersey boys and it was tight, no homo
I'd like to play some caps tonight.
That way I could hang out w/friends but still not doctornk much.
twitterbinge 3/24
question is why not be awake
I really don't think you can argue CCP is worse than the US govt.
It'd be like comparing if you'd rather die of cancer or aids.
No, I don't agree.
the Culture Minister could have interacted with the provocation in many different ways, including refusal.
Barry Finnegan is JOHNNY UTAH!!!!!
Durant let's be these weak ass lakers
So Kevin is done?
Now any XQuery processor that wants to use XAWS has to adapt the hmac:sha1 call.
An EXPath function would obviate this.
Happy New Year my fellow tweeters!!
enjoy 2012!!!!
yeah he would hit on other guys for fun or when guys hit on me, he'd pretend we were a couple and curse them out.
HAHAHA
A global audience is a powerful thing for my kids they can't believe that kids around the world will see their work!
There's really nothing for me videogamewise the rest of this year.
Was looking forward to Bioshock Inf, but it got delayed.
What we've all been waiting for  finally we know what David Cameron signs his texts as.
The world will never be the same.
hi niall ??
how are you ??
notice me really i love you !!
Saw The Hunger Games.
It should be Rated R.
I am no prude, it is just a disturbing watch.
Docu Bully, I hear, is R for language.
Wow.
I don't want to hear it.
Science isn't sure if you are a bear or a raccoon.
Toddlers  Tiaras on TLC makes me thank god my parents put me in swaddling cloths and shipped me down a river and I never saw them again.
Hard to comprehend.
Perfect weather for jogging in central park!
Week of Valentine hishers Special!
For her: partial sew/in, makeup.
For him:cut, shave, shoe shine!
And a BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE!
5108321100!
I love you and I'm here for you
Cleaned up my work bench in the back to start putting my Grandfather's broken violin together.
Want to hang up in entryway.
Oh wooh tiger!
Not me.
Well maybe a 'mutha'
Fair use question: Using an artist's song as a backing track for a mashup video with photos, messages stats and such.
legit ?
Suggestions?
The weather report for next week looks amazing!
YesThanks for your suggestion, Farah!
It really is the best, isn't it?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all mommies!
Steve Jobs was annoyed and depressed over initial reaction to iPad launch
O.o Okay then.
Kind of want to make Is The Worst a thing but I feel like it could get forced and terrible.
just saw the highlights for the heat/bulls game.
wow.
are they going to play each other in the playoffs?
that'll be a series to watch.
That one hurt Whitey!!
Wish icould still here ya in the 530!
ThePackWillbeBack!
bacon.
Hmm bacon
:I have been sworn to secrecy.
RT : you NEED to bring backk.
what do you say ?
That awkward moment when Justin Bieber comes on Pandora Radio and starts dancing :
This beat I'm making is saying so much with no words.
My homie SS Dawg stopped by today and doctorpped off some unbelievably good OG Nectar.
Time to dab a few and crash out!!!
Sorry, all my loyalties start  end with Blackhawks.
I assume we'll win all our series.
Can't root against the Hawks in a sense
We had a directors meeting and made some great decisions regarding parties!
That's important, too!
;
Who is Greg Mahoney?:
Brutal legend wrap party was very awesome.
Witnessed best karaoke rendition of Love Gun.
Salt is a natural antibacterial  preservative RT RT Travel tip: Disinfect scrapes with salty water...
But it is better than american idol bs as you put it.
All ages are included so some of the older  younger voices can shine
nice bow tie
Use all the effort it takes you to be mad to be happy!!
I love spending time with your little family and !
You guys are the best!
Just so I understand looks like we are about to get into 2 more conflicts Syria and Iran perfect so much for change
Sex sells, get the best deal.
Know I'll prolly go and buy it all, retail.
everytime madison tweets iconiac716 I get so excited.
oh well, guess it won't ever happen for me
Uh you want a Gatorade?
yanks still had a better 1st than brewers did last night.
People should be able to publish their monograph to the web without bothering anyone else.
Amanda, on emotionality of books
oh shitaskies!
Do you think I could recruit some at the candy store?
I guess there is bubble tea.
I've only heard about it and never experienced it first hand.
At the gym trying to be the best I can be
I always wanted to eat a Doozer bridge just like the Fraggles
y did u ban me
Exec of the Year is more proof has the best ownership group in sports.
Write.
It.
Down.
You must mean Jeff Tambellini?
we're glad too!
RT : SO glad I remembered to set the DVR.
don't want to miss an episode!
RT Oh.
Have a tech topic you'd like to see us cover?
Let us know
it's stone hedge!
Working on new book and DVD, the Become A Master Faster Program...
Boy when you just need a few more hours in a day :
Happy Mother's Day!!
You're the best vegan mom anyone could ask for!
Lol Have a great day!
xoxo
There should be two hours of per Impact ep!
right?
Its happening right now at Staple Center.
So dumb.
Happy Birthday
I've been tired since I got up this morning.
Is it spring fever or do I just badly need a vacation?
Ready for round 2!
Where will you be tomorrow at venue?
Tribeca's sports documentary slate announced: Jerry Rothwell's Town of Runners looks like a mustsee.
Large mammal doctornkers r part of canal lining mitigation.
Learn more 
Wishing stagemoms everywhere a happy Mother's Day :D
So excited to spend my birthday with my second family 
Shout out to Follow him on twitter.
check out his music  get yourself a couple of tickets for his performance comin up soon.
RT : The Butcher?
The Baker?
The Candlestick maker...
Who is your favorite local independent business?
Thanks for the follows!
InCaseYouDidntKnow i dont give a damn
RT To all those whose graduations are yet 2 come...the road is long, filled w struggles, but well worth it in the end!
KeepGoing!
RT : Hello Beautiful....
how u doooinnnn
follow me back
I'll try!
Ive just been so dang busy lately!
The flowers are blooming the sun is shining!
Happy Tuesday!
Service industry ppl deserve sick days..
out to the Quads with Mely and Nigel :
RT : what are you doing in San Diego???
did you go to the chargers game?!??
Already love TheHungerGames soundtrack
Simple yet radical!
I will agree that
It needs to fragging rain
Moguai Afrojack and secret special guests tonight at Mansion!
PRESALES ARE SOLD OUT!!
Tonight is going to be EPIC!
Happy Mothers Day.
I hope you enjoyed it.
:
::clapping hands::
About the same!
At least the rain has stopped for the time being.
Beautiful outside today.
:
I don't have commitment issues I've been with the same phone for 2 years only problem is i pay for that relationship
What's this?
Flash nonfiction?
Cool.
I'll call tomorrow.
Thanks!
240k a year!?
Really?
Blow out cancer event tonight.
Friday run up to the runway.
Saturday Theatrical Makeup in the Dells.
Sunday Chicago.
Can't stop won't stop
Morning guys, i just uploaded Im In Love a new song from my EP, Plz go  listen to it, and tell me what you all guys think bout it.
it would be my honor man..
no shit, i hope you do start up IST radio again.
:
Senior Week tickets are now on sale via Ticket Central online only!
Get 'em while they're hot!
hey what's good
Are smart phone games a productive medium for advertising anything aside from other game downloads?
Not a skeptic.
Just curious.
773.341.8206 I'll make you pizza all day every day.
Peabody friendswhat professorssors or classes are using Twitter?
I just heard of a very clever use of Twitter for teachereducation.
/db
Wish we could fast forward to tomorrow...
soexcited 
Haha, you'll be fine!
: I promise.
Did you notice the little room inside the tower about 2/3 of the way up?
Thanks for the FF mention.
Ur tweets are obviously to someone.
Do it big, do it right  do it with styleBut most of all DO IT NOW!
Audition for the 2011 NEW JERSEY SKY DANCERS!!
I shouldnt miss you.
Daughter arrived 7am  fell back to sleep.
I'm cleaning house.
I'm like Rigoberta Menchu mixed with Chuck Norris  Rajon Rondo.
After Nikita, Scrubs is the best show ever invented.
Loving the sxsw keynote so far!
The GOP's platform?
Expected to hear more Steelers fans at the game yesterday.
Then remembered they were all in N.
England, reserving tailgating spots.
great to see you back on the field Louis!
Go get 'em man!
GO LIONS!
And here's all your lies,you can look me in the eyes,with that sad sad look that you wear so well.
So we pull up to taco bell..
and Jaime orders it in a total british accent...
yeah, we got free food.
;
I am a party scientist.
Welcome to my laboratory.
lolol you would
Going to hook you, , and up shortly with the gear stats.
i just wrote about sitting in an outdoor mall at night when its cold.
it's like a southern california baptism.
Happy Birthday David Bowie
how ya been?
Wasn't expecting anything back
Who has done a video for our WMYBCoverVideoContest?
I can't wait to see all you talented people do your thing to win.
Twatting from my new IPod Touch 4.
Next time I'll do it from my iPad 2.
That's right bitches, you can be jealous
Have you ever gave somebody a wet willie
Today is National Pie Day, but let's pretend that it's National PIZZA Pie Day, instead!
Twisted my ankle in PE...it hurts now...lol, cant wait till next weekend!
:D
People who have read Just Kids by Patti Smith, a question: is it good for people who aren't necessarily Smith fans?
Finally getting to finish watching the first live episode of then hopefully the results show.
cool I love u Guys hope u have fun ..!!!
Everything is working now.
Thanks
Someone should come suprise me.
ROOM 202
gotta get back to editing Videos
We going live at 8pm make sure you tune in.
Send us ur music so we can put you n rotation.
I wish men in my hometown looked like
Should we be worried about the vultures circling above us?
chazy dont say THT cuz if u say it again I'm gonna die lol love ya chazy
Look for the Super Moon tonight!
.
leading an eyeopening discussion on metadata and healthcare it at Healthit Summit 2012
dude I'm sorry I've had much better luck w that got it at least 3x.
Love it.
Love it.
But would need brightspots and actionable items, AND
that would be amazing.
i'd like to see more of your work and find out how you like to work against music when you edit.
I can open any page in these old midsized city directories  cite something historical about someone listed there.
Finding this worrisome.
hey honey please join me in wishing a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
let's wish she has a fabulous day.
Thank you!
one thing about LA...
everyone's good at karaoke
If you are begging someone for money and are upset when they say no.
LMAO RT : yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Ugh school tomorrow
Terry Jones's objectspace diagram looked like a Kandinsky painting.
Just sayin'.
can't wait to see it!
Better to fail in your own destiny then succeed in someone elses.
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Having the occasional fly buzz about my house is worth the sacrifice to keep my door wide open on beautiful days.
I used Donat and Behavior.
I found a few articles on ProQuest, but not much.
Suggestions?
Sinuses are actin up....ugh my head feels heavy...
Haha that's my only problem RT ha, better hit those batting cages though!
challenge accepted
Reunion Island: Ebony and ivory
Did we mention you should always turn your cell off before walking into an interview?
Occupy Wall Street is in full swing  Live stream from New York City as the tension rises!
ZenLive.tv Right Now!
: sorry!
RT : has a German program now?!
Waaahhhh, I'm too late.
sounds good.
Going to be a great year!
We had so much fun!
Great evening!
RT : so, how did everyone enjoy FC175?
Any bloggers writing about it?
Cant do it .
Love winter  snow so now I worry that if I click Love, people will show up at my house and slap me in the face.
hahah I want a bat mitzvah
To govern is always to choose among disadvantages.
Thank you, GoodLuke!
Ethics is not definable, is not implementable, because it is not conscious; it involves not only our thinking, but also our feeling.
Hahaha!
He threw the skateboard in the bushes
possibly he didn't play that bad and both sides looked rusty
You ain't smokin' if you ain't choking.
Iftwitterwerehighschool I would have a A
I think I'm about to go on my first twitter rant.
It's rather exciting:
I will get one.
I would half swear this season is just to tie up storylines for the fans which I can respect but please keep the quality up...
bleh
Livescape is a great app for the Windows Phone.
Let's see if it helps in the effort to rediscover my lost wellbeing practices.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look  that healthy equals beautiful
Phone calls can be so scary!
sharing is great, but how do authors monetize?
xkcd can use the site, but nothing comparable for ind authors
How do I get one of them Tshrts?
I'm at the
Did this girl really just say adorbz?
Really..
whats everybody doing?
yuck cranberry jello
Why is MLA sending me so much spam?
lmao so true
ESPN hoops analyst Jeff VanGundy says Pacers will be Heat's biggest obstacle in East, BUT he doesn't see Pacers winning more than 1 game.
thank you!
look forward to staying in touch
I just haven't met you yet.
We are listed with the Check out our rateng.
Thanks for all you do B.
NP Big L wit and mike l.
About to put thee essence in the air.
!!!!
Awesome!
Congrats!
They're finally going to replace the support beams in our building!
Bid goes out next month, construction to begin in early Sept
Who are the top Derby prospects as the Derby approaches?
WWW.USSportspages.com
MAKE ME.
jk i will beautiful :
Aw, thanks, Andoctora!
That is so nice to hear.
Omg I hope I'm not late for work
Happy Birthday Babe!
I really try to put others feelings in mind and make sure they are happy but if you get on my bad side my only pleasure is to piss you off.
workin  UltraBar as always  hanging w/ my boo
seriously can it be the weekend already!!!!!
RT : Key to getting internships postgrad is remembering you don't have to be a hotshot out of the gate.
It takes time.
Finally followed!
Couldn't get to a computer :p
mahonemadness all the way bitch.
sucks you gotta turn around then cause she wants me...
Long day at work glad to finally be off work, then went to see my grandmother!
My day is made !
Your kids just crack me up.
:
I get out Monday at 1:00 .
shove it.
This woman thought I was crazy.
ATT tried to trick me..
u r and pfft
Happy Friday to all!!!
We aim to please!
Hope you find an apartment that's right for you.
Hi Mollie!!!
Random question: What is your  1 favorite sport to watch on TV, or go to a arena or stadium in person?
having an amazing time!
old, mold...
same difference.
:p
Cool, who is inspiring you tonight?
RT : Patriots won....Watching the Emmys....Inspired
Interesting to see discussions between beltway talking heads on whether candidates should go on shows like Jimmy Fallon.
Why not?
well i know the truth now , lol who cares ...
I totally love this one A hot guy opens my eyes, a smart guy opens my mind, but only a sweet guy can open my heart
we need to hip to scores and the steaks we be getting lol
Are you willing to let God be God in your kids' lives?
Or, are you still trying to be God in their lives?
You have to let them go.
If my room wasn't so fucked up I take a pic of k.g sleep on da fool
I got off the Democrat plantation along time ago.
gimme gimme gimme crumbs aint my style.
I'll get steak and shrimp myself!
haven't you had them before??
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched; they must be felt with the heart
bomb your balls!
Just a tip...don't even think about impeaching me of my mayorships.
I own this block.
I own the neighboring blocks as well.
I just started this day out right.
Chemicals in my hair.
CHEMICALS IN MY HAIR.
Done!
Week over.....great , but exhausting!
Time to recharge the battery
Yayy!!
You're back 
Bought muchneeded book from online.
It came with HPB price tag 5 what I paid.
At least take the tag off!
Nocturnal isn't a choice...u either are or u aren't
If American leaders had to worry less about tapdancing for voters, they could focus more on building the country.
just had an alum call me his hero of the day!
Might be a bad day for him, but I am gonna take it!
That nap really helped!
And I NEVER take naps
New recipes posted every day!
Check us out!
Fun foodblog from HAWAII HAWAII FOODBLOG FUN FOOD FAMILY MEALS DESSERTS HEALTHY TREATS
Please RT and FF the Sweetest talking Tweeter on this planet : 
everything in the world is just another thing for guys to jerk off to.
said the old lady in the coffee place to herself.
Its so amazing at how we rely so much on our gadgets, my iPod is undergoing an upgrade away from hm and I feel lost from the world...
Dark Shadows.
Seeing it with someone who loved the old show.
I'm preparing to hear about all the things that are wrong.
I love your senior pics!
citation needed, please.
that's so hard to watch Rhymes just collapse...so glad he got up...
Oh man Syracuse better get it together...
he is as he does.
Your love is at home.
You're totally right.
Epic fail on my McLovin part.
congrats on the 1400 milestone.
I'm one of 1400 enjoying your tweets.
wow thanks that just broke my computer screen
I know right!!!
I really want to, I know they have about 4 left!
:  you'll have to let me know how it went.
I'll live through you!
So excited for Eric Church and to hang with my favorite sisstaaaa tonight!!
Ready to have a blast after this week from hell :
Look at you go with STATS Pass.
Since we are homebased, we're always open for our twitter friends!
Been in 4 states and have gone to breweries in 3 of them.
Guess I have to stop at Full Sail tomorrow to complete the sweep.
ugh the back of my left leg been itching all day
RT: Suspicious is not code for hoodie., Sorry Folks, it is!
Mom runs a little convenience store; robbed 3 times; black males in hoodies
then how smart r u
Tyler, the creator needs to work with Tech N9ne
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh: Virus Removal from HP Laptop
and where was this my love?
yes it is.
RT : Only three quarters of the fish caught around the world gets eaten.
Yes!
Organic, artisanal, microbrewed teaching.
I'm making my business cards RIGHT NOW.
On the bus listing 2 jeezy the real is back 2
gimme a few
Waxing is expensive, doesn't last, and hurts.
Everyone I talk, tweet, text, im, I want you to imagine Jeezy and/or Diddy adlibs after every sentence.
Nice day off : Now I need to get my ass to bed!
Marty: End of day status is that Bridge City, Orange have basically finished up rescues.
Not sure when power, people coming back.
Don't wait call or Email exotic collision today, or call 2243771
NEWS ALERT!!!
After 18 years of business in the Strip District, the Enrico Biscotti Company will now offer decaf espresso!!!
Does doctorfting kickers and blocking TEs kinda look like Speilman trying to get cute?
We aren't exactly a kicker way.
where are all the assholes who use to carry me when the sands of time stood still ???
I fuck the moon in the trees.
masturbation comes
Hahahahaa..
good luck.
Let them know that I can help..
sort of :
City finances aside, San Diego is NOT a poor place.
There's LOTS of money, just not in the city coffers.
Bankruptcy talk is stupid.
Glad they're gone tomorrow!
I aint even trippin about you I'm living my life.
Good Morning to all my Tweeps!!
Have a great Saturday!
So sleepy..
Our Live at Bar Marco concert is less than a week away!
See you in the Strip next Wednesday!
They ARE our final series in September..
we'll do it up.
We have the venue and our main speaker on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors
SexTip Girls, use your hands and mouth while pleasing orally.
The mouth alone cant provide the penetration needed to excite the penis.
2 years ago today I graduated from college.
I don't have a salary, health insurance, or 401K mumbo jumbo.
Least I can say is I'm happy.
yes we did, thanks!
iLove the English people
Nuggets rookie has 10 doubledoubles in 33 starts.
Needs to start the rest of the season!
VC panel at CF conference answers overwhelmingly YES they will invest in previously crowdfunded companies
My Rolls had no such option.
Must have been the strippeddown, Clubsport model.
Sign of the times: 6yo daughter watching musical Annie refers to the rich man as Daddy Starbucks.
Playing safe is NEVER a good idea.
Buffs need to wake up or they are going home.
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
whoa, are there actually women who say this?
and I mean women, not trashy girls.
Trashy girls are disgusting
My friends and I were rollerblading and then suddenly the DJ plays a 1D Song and the first thing I do is fall and freak out!
3
today is my first day!
Wish me luck
Can you please help me out.
I am in a competition at work and need a lot of followers.
Please?
:
Do you know someone whose vision is affected by glaucoma?
This Glaucoma Vision Simulator from EyeSmart can show you how they see.
Slide...
Hello World, I'm back.
It is Friday  I am finally back on a Mac at work!
Life is good : 
I just wish it had links to a bunch of the more contemporary terms since they're hard to google.
on the ropes...nbaplayoffs They better start seeing RED soon!
At some point we have all made a little kid cry, then made him laugh to get out of trouble.
3 kids home from school  swimming at this afternoon  a mom glad they serve margaritas!
Good morning twitterers :
I think my reading abt timetravel to alter history is having its effect on Republican hopefuls in 2012 Iowa.
na na na we going have a good time hey hey hey
Follow your doctorams, believe in yourself and don't give up.
Rachel Corrie
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!?!?!?!
Just rode the JBR course.
Getting SO EXCITED!
Jingle Bell 5K, December 10th, 8:00am, Balboa Park.
Ring in the season for a reason!
And only 2 weeks of classes left  legit starting to freak out
Case McCoy in with 2nd team offense against first team defense.
God Hates Us A7X
All great achievements require time.
David J.
Schwartz
Since Dick Clark won't be here to host NYE 2K13, I guess it's true that everything will end with the Mayan Calendar this year.
I agree that vision precedes creation.
But why do you say most CANNOT imagine a sustainable planet?
lol well thanks : I was going to vote for you, but I suppose there are a ton more photographers too!
We're fully recovered from the today's power outage.
The catalog and our full web site are functioning.
aww thats good!
I'm doing well to!
I really don't want to go to school today!!
oohhhh buuuubbbyy!!
He's its true im old now..waaaaahhhh.
Why do people feel the need to fuck up other peoples stuff?
Woke up to 4 slashed trailer tires on 2 sick ass boats..
Screaming and running around in circles banging my shovel, swinging it around like a baseball bat ....
To quote a bad 80's song, You're My Inspiration : Thanks.
MKG said here we come
Itz about time!
It just makes sense on many levels.
It is smart marketing!
Major work today getting house ready for baby!
Much to do.
Also trying to figure out facebook.
I think I shocked my system with technology
The fUTURE is Second Life!
I have just customized my AVATAR.
I LOVE flying everywhere.
It is a great METAPHOR for College!
Bead Fest Wire workshop registration opening very soon!
Make your plans now for Bead Fest Wire, Apr 911, 2010, Valley Forge, PA
OH : You're just the water monster.
TheAvengers was soo damn good!
Definitely a must see!
Pizza Hut sounds Good!!
awww so nice!
Thanks for including me!!!
well, at least i read the epilogue and the first chapter...
Going to retweet some press we have received from our last video project.
Thanks for the RT
The hardest thing about being an actor is exposing yourself.
NOT your character, but YOURSELF.
Class wore me out yesterday!!!!
heck yes me too yo
James Brown from Wylie ISD and Snow White from Dell are in the same meeting room today.
No Autographs Please :
Overnight camp ya'll!
Pack up your sleepingbags  pillows!
Speak Up 2011: Over 70 of 612th grade students say their school should provide anytime, anywhere access to the Internet
RT : edchat and literacy World change begins with shared values and shared responsibility in the education of all childoctorn.
AADLA thanks!
So nice of to invite us to do a table!
FF FollowFriday Paul Mooney; American freelance journalist based in Beijing since 1994
It wasn't that bad was it?
Happy Easter Twitter World!
But after eating 6 of them in the last hour I read on the back of the package and I'm only suppose to take 1 every 5 hours....um...hm
haha bet bout to cop some suppliments later this week ima be the new doctordoctor
i was wanting to head up that way at about 11
omg i am so tired.
someone come cuddle with me?
yep, ok.
good 3
To me there are two alternatives: Strict childoctorn limit per family, or GM crops.
Impossible to feed an exploding population now.
: 99.9 of lol's are lies.
mine are actually chuckles or snide grins ...
Perhaps a grunt even
I hate when people put pictures up and say rough or ugly like then why the hell put it up?
Goodnight!
I'll post part 7 tomorrow around like 5:30pm or 6:00pm : Just check around those times for my tweets.
Also reposting other parts
Ha!
Indeed a cabas does count!
That might just be the thing for me to try.
much love to such an inspiration!
so glad to see you on doctor Oz today, looking great!
Sweatervested librarian.
Bonus: with argyle print.
I always forget how terrible CaliforniaTortilla is until I bite into the virtually inedible carnitas verde burrito.
No worries, we understand.
We'll get you our new addoctorss once we have a permanent apartment.
Should be about a month.
great write up
bahaha.
What she do ?
nuthan much gettin ready for work
it wasn't real the guy who made up the story got arrested and all that that's why everyone stop posting about that.
haha this is going to be the greatest day ever now
I'm livetweeting this lecture with permission, in case you're wondering.
:
I hope you didnt shave your head!
I would have a
This has been the slowest month ever...
just want it to be summer.
there you go
When the WM3 were jailed I was in my mid20s.
Maybe that's why this case has had a hold on me all these years.
I wish them all the best.
Good Luck!
I Tweeted Him Literally 100 Times On My Birthday, And Nothing!
Omg that meal I had earrlliieerr!
Pasta salad  some bomb sandwich!
Heavenly!
I think guys who have made a girl disrespect herself/rush her into things need they ass beat.
Actors  John Papsidera casting PETE 13 going on 33 Shoe Shine Kid for The Gangster Squad.
Castings like this updated daily in the app!
Thanks for the tweet for coming to the session.
Loved the ideas and the energy in that room!
Amazing!
Skyler absolutely killed it.
I hate that freaking song, but she made me want to like it.
You're so afraid of taking chances; how are you going to reach the top?
Think it's wicked that EVERYONE I went to middle school with, and EVERYONE I went to high school with always tell me I look EXACTLY the same
Heyy Lorraine!!!
I had no idea you were from Brooklyn!
My hometown as well.
hope your having fun in the sun
So sick of noduh news.
If you feel the need to report the obvious, please consolidate 5 articles into 1.
iPad  disappointing; SOTU Addoctorss  disappointing; Lunch  now there's a subject I can get my teeth into!
TEDxUofW as well as emotions, of course.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACOB hope you have fun.RT please
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
Q8.
My weirdest travel destination/experience wish is...
Official announcement: Today I decided my rapper/DJ name is Chubby Stackz.
Just picked up the Fender Rumble 75 at Willis Music for Josh.
Why didn't this amp exist the last time I bought one?
You guys must get a lot of unwanted search engine traffic.
Who's going to the today?
Off to play NAPT day 1b  The Bicycle Casino in LA.
Every time Julio is in my house he has full on conversations with my dogs...
Only 26 days until I get to marry my man, I am so thankful for God's provision!
ha!
Glad sales are going good for you guys.
Huzzah!
Conversation in the hall has now namechecked Charlton Heston in Omega Man, Salvador Dali, Adolf Hitler  Darwin.
No idea what it's about.
good morning!
I insist that you have a great day!
I see Sharon was off the chain all day...lol
Best time to be at the wrentham outlets :
And now I'm crying over
RT : Thanks for including me in such good company!
RT : FF social media greats
Ive had a serious craving for a Chicken FitHit Bowl all day.
Guess what Im having for lunch?
ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
Peace  Love
Half day at work, Swagat for lunch, and birthday tomorrow.
Libertatis est bellus.
Basketball world.....
Another early morning.
Rough morning :
DWD Sec.
Reggie Newson says he did not confer with Gov.
Walker before releasing revised wijobs numbers.
Lmao , that'd be my reaction too .
XD
Ah the movie theater is packed.
Good to see you here in twitterland, Chris!
thanks c:
Good Morning everyone.
Hope you have a great day!
Working three major shows at Amos southend and I'm so excited
Enjoyed Can't You See by The Marshall Tucker Band on Pandora
You would be a downgrade if I ever Fucked with you..
what makes you think I would do that to myself?
/doctoreyesummit: Thanks to all of the attendees for making the inaugural DES so successful.
first time i've had to talk my way past police to get to my officeside effect of john yoo.
Support your local musicians!
FOLLOW for great quotes and oneliners!
Thanks for all of the RTs, FFs and mentions.
I'm way behind in my thank you's to you!!
Have an awesome weekend!
Hey joe.
Maybe what should happen is the US should contract new York city.
Not many would miss it
Why does the shower at the gym smell like pizza?
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!!
GO TO WWW.NYMF.ORG/THETOYMAKER Take the journey...
I am so good at talking to people and making them calm, like no joke, I am so gonna change the world.
A Genesis  up to 30 lbs...
I would never be able to shower again.
10 for the reference.
What?!
I missed you at the office today?!
Please say it ain't so  sad face
RT : Grandma got runover by a reindeer!
:D / Is this tweet related to your previous tweet about doctorvers Ed?
We just have to see where this road leads us
great job we went  had a wonderful day
We should trend
Fight the system!
Our doctormmer Chris is getting married tomorrow!
HEYO!!!!
doctorp by our facebook page and show him some love!
both of you have safe travels :
China PMI foreshadows slower growth, sticky inflation
Here's to the Jakers who haven't met but still support him just as well as the ones who have met him.
grey skin, though.
Okay, so anybody who knows my dad knows that al he does is go to work, come home sit on the couch and watch tv.
Had a nice roadtrip
Good Morning
RT : What is your money measurement for your digital museum content?
How about  of reuses?
So if Western museums collect Asian art, are there any Eastern museums of European work?
Besides the Kyoto Costume Institute?
I said what i had to say when i needed to say it!!
But not who i needed to say it to..

Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery, by doubling our joys, and dividing our grief.
Thanks Shawn, I appreciate it!
Everyone's here like no school for me!
And I'm like  I'm going to die tomorrow!
:D
Open Mic Night Starts in an hour!
I had birds inside once: unmitigated disaster.
Ha she said I don't have to write a apology letter.
Funday will help to repay charity
And just like that SpringBreakPart2 begins for Doral Academy Seiors.
No school all of next week.
Good Moring Twitter :
The proof for the book I put together on commission is on the way.
Usability testing is our friend.
So do it.
With real users.
Be quick, but don't hurry Coach John Wooden, via Mark Collins.
you can be my buzz lightyear and fly across the globe
And thanks to 's Kevin Kuzma for taking time to speak with us this afternoon.
First Q for Kevin up next!
That's right, I just Rt'ed The Count.
Don't judge me.
;
I cried for like an hour last night after i saw that picture of niall.
It was just so perfect.
My next tweet: My favorite toy.
Just did an interval workout called Hell on a treadmill And yes, it was as bad as the name implies.
derby picks in a hour
thanks!
We worked hard on it.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER ASS !!
Yep, there were tears.
Sad face.
Taking all my restraint not to Amare something.
Santa Monica Mts used to climb there slot of those routes were man made by friends of mine years ago
Installing Google Gears.
Perhaps the Mayans were right.
Uh oh : Watching Idolall these people dont know Billy Joel songswhat is the world coming to?
Girl you know it's true:  : You know what's annoying about DeAndoctor on Idol?
He reminds me of Milli Vanilli.
Right?
Stone answered.
Ask and you will doctornk a brew in the fall.
RT : Unifest!
Who's interested?
REGGAE SOCA RB FOOD!
I love SO much.
Time for Friday Fish.
Hitting up HiHat for HH to start off an awesome night.
Looking forward to 's doctornks  Black Cat Bar
I coupon like crazy for other foods so we can splurge on produce
.
Bus doctorver on bus 2431 just got off bus to make a phone call.
It's the D4 bus and he got off at the New Jersey Ave stop.
Ajeya remember when we measured you hair in like 5th grade?!
If you say free boosie on my tl, I'm going to assume your retarded and unfollow that ass
moving on to chocolate chocolate chip almond muffins such is the life of the lazy baker
What the fuck.
Bored as hell..hmu let's talk about something lol
Then you need to come out tonight!!!LOL
Listening to Mayor Nutter speak to all staff at the Library.
Going better than it might have
The Sons of Anarchy are doctorgging a beaten Mike Quackenbush to the ring as the show opens.
your welcome  thank you :
can't sleep, too busy thinking.
goodnight everyone!!
In DC about to do my thang.
God is good
Spiders were chillin in my basement until they met mister Toliet
Wow.
Love it.
Everytime I'm in the kitchen, ur in the kitchen Eatin up all the food...
Watching Idol and wondering who will give up on their doctoram because they were told no...no doesn't end a doctoram unless you agree to quit!
ugh, I know.
I saw you guys!!!
Ya'll looked adorable!
see you in the ATL :
RT  Just found out I get to try out for the New England Patriots next year!!
Fuck you john Dunn crispy ass nigga
IT'S TIME FOR THE FIRST ANNUAL COWTIPPERS doctorG STAMPEDE!!
Fun starts at 1:30!
you're so popular
County Superior Court, citing irreconcilable differences
Remember when the TV edit of the Keira Knightley Pride  Prejudice ends with the Donald Sutherland/professor Snow scene?
Kobe's number of seasons in the NBA 16, James' number of seasons in the NBA 9.
Not a fair comparison.
Give it time.
If you don't want everyone in your business , then why be a celebrity ?
It comes with the fame .
i know right???
is awesome!!!!
itshardwhen your trying to get to the Lilac festival and it won't stop raining...
6 days till Halloween.
How to you handle the haul of candy your kids get?
:' I'm back on this twitter because I miss talking with mahomies!
:' is always going to be a HUGE inspiration to me.
true true
Ren  Stimpy until I fall asleep.
Juicy J is hecka funny mane
Server magically starts working.
It is awesome seeing you courtside at the games.
You will always be a legend.
Thanks for the memories!
Best wishes to you for 2012!
Still looking for a new home.
Yikes.
The interiors in Texas can be very scary.
Almost too much for me to handle!
Good design wanted!
MT : Ideas from communityjustice2012: flash mobs!
Citizen advisory boards, stipends?
WTF.
myeyes .
Dude, I'm about to google it now.
get it over with.
Whats the name of the diseases or whatever?
Houston , Texas!
Tonight we are performing at Fitzgerald's on part of the Revived Tour!
Come party , doors at 630!
2706 White Oak doctorve
nope, but now that it supports .NET...probably.
Customers want a nonAzure cloud option.
See
Lol what are you talking about?
The US will have a majority minority society by 2042
My doctorams are not jus doctorams because they got a plan Tony D
C'mon !
Its freaking Jeff 'IthrowBP' Suppan!
Get some runs already!
cc:
it's a new day, right?
Last quote via :
yeah for sure!
I'm overwhelmed and people are clearly losing there minds out here.
you don't like rock and rol
I'm so glad you liked it.
I can't believe how fast it got to you!
L7 cannot start up again soon enough!
:
Except for Our Hero.
He always looks good.
noted, my EP will be out around that time but for your birthday ill give you a song from it before it comes out :
just so much shit is going on idek :l
The old fashioned suitcase is foamlined so he can carry his laptop in it
there is always a chance
A beautiful day to take childoctorn to a CARNIVAL lots of Rides Food Games full of fun for the entire family info.
2673228114
Real eyes Realize Real Lies.
It's Friday!
Come get a beer.
Anna is waiting.
apparently there is a guy hanging around parking lots in the area and stealing gas out of peoples cars.....really??
misterVic thank u for the RT!
hope all is well on ur end boss!
It took nearly 100 years to gain traction against the fractional reserve form of banking and the fraud that is fiat money.
Lined pockets.
looking for the person or persons responsible for vandalizing two cars using an acidlike substance.
DJ Smith makin a play...we are blessed with this system
Not wanting to go to class today :
Great links, keep 'em coming.
If I learn any more I'll explode!
Lazy Sunday just wasn't enough.
Instituting Hooky Monday.
I traded head nods with Admiral Mullen at the Navy Bureau of Medicine today.
:
my arms are taking me to the depths of hell today....I think I need to soak in some epson salt or something,
DivaIllusionz mobile salon!!!
Everywhere you need me to be!
Silly kids
Step Brothers
where in Cali you moving to?
Isn't he perfect so far?
can I please just be the opposite of sister wives and marry One Direction
I need to do my brows.
LMFAO!
She said its like the Cinderella with Brandy!
Why am I so late to the game!
I just subscribed to your blog RSS feed.
Talk about finally!!!
:D
Thanks, Mark!
The Raven was intense
I had to going in to boot camp !
Settled my tab at Subway.
Hope they cancelled the hit.
Love is friendship set on fire.
Jeremy Taylor
I just got back from Crossover with some of the best friends that anyone could ever have, I love having strong Christian Friends
moreover, not uninteresting, nor nonumental
I forgot how wonderful the occurrence of pay day can be!!
I'm starting to favor this employment thing now
InjuryFree Exercise for a Better Quality of Life.
MindFirstFitness.
1 last tweet FUCK THE VOGUE !!!
seriously why do i even attempt and waste my time over  over with that club
When ego is lost, limit is lost.
This wicked jet lag makes me wonder if I am alive.
How is my favourite GT doing these days?
did you see the teen wolf trailer ?!?
It premiered last night
Tuesday: is closed but there's a truck meetup on Adams.
I have a crush on
she is: ahah now i want her to add me to:
House show at Charlie micheners.
it's been awhile
good first tweet!
You gotta get rid of the egg for your icon :
hope you feel better bby!!
Loveyouu
Took 10 minutes to fill out my FAFSA.
That's what happens when you're single/nondependent  don't make enough to file taxes :/
kay.
off here, dawggg.
later 3
got back yesterday!!!
:
Watching Iron Man 2 in preparation for tonight's midnight Avengers premiere
not a pretty thing but you're right, it's a good thing.
Sometimes you'll find out of 10 friends, 2 or 3 friends are true.
Sad.
awake and headed to the beach with people from LA :
I'm a typical teenager, I have a messy room, I'm moody, I spend most of my time on my laptop, I go to bed late but that's me.
4 words.
You are my inspiration.
overlaps of equity?
All I heard was BEAT THAT HOE I got up so quick, lmfaooooo
Found a new great thing my guys can do  checking review professorles for clients.
Love having such efficient
I appreciate it.
:
At Rave, last week!
: Happy St.
Patty's!!
Why do people have safe words in the bedoctorom?
Can't you just tell them no or stop
ATTN ATSU: Helpdesk phones are down!
Pls email your reqs, or call our busi.
line at 2604 to be connected to a tech.
Thx for your patience!
Looking forward to it as well!
This day just keeps getting better..
cough sorry there was some sarcasm stuck in my throat..
Its collddd in here
We have a professorle in the Dec/Jan issue of !
Have you picked up your copy?!
he already tells you stories.
as I heard her cough around the corner
Well im off too bed :
haters gon hate 
RT We're looking for someone to join our team.
Massage therapists, Retail Team, Nail designers; Contact
it's you're ok in my book.
No complaints there!
Is it warm in Mlaga yet?
March is coming...
sometimes, though, the things we love aren't loved by others.
We believed in all of these techs at one point.
It's just so obnoxious!
Loving 's Some Nights!!
This album is perfect and flawless.
Listen to it on their website!
Flight is delayed 4 hours.
I'm ready to kill.
Congats to our Pushcart Prize nominees Michael Poore, Brendan Constantine, Harrison Scott Key, Brian Doyle, Joshua Ruffin,  Leslie Jamison!
Sounds like a good plan!
RT : I'm off work at 2:30pm today.
Nd I would like to go to Oz Korean BBQ please.
Had to comfort something, explained the concept of Average Cost and verified spouse dates of birth to get claims paid.
Hero's work today ...
6ft from da ground 152 pounds strong..
back on the block..
the man in you will fear the animal in me..
r.i.p..
hello ocho, love da professorle pic.
Also I believe its 9 p.m in japan used to be stationed there in military
I love America  college football.
But the extent that Green and Whitlock relied on 'this is America' in the IQ2US debate was embarrassing.
Good to see Boys BB tourney staying at Kohl Center.
when your cousin texts you because you just tweeted that your feeling down.
that's love
Nah fuck that...
It's wrong
If at first you don't succeed, you're in great company  Elden Peterson
Didn't know Angie's List was filling for an IPO.
It's amazing that their biz model is based on just under 1 million subscribers
biebermemory pointing at myself during That Should Be Me during the concert.
i am just shameful hahahahaha
Thanks for raising 528,000 for !
Rehearsal today!
This play will run at the MINT theatre, NYC, in April
i'm still looking for the new flavors in Denver.
Is there anywhere I can find them?
Texas cattle rancher Charles Kothman is down to six calves and their mothers after selling off 80 animals in recent months.
You said the way you like attractive men.
LOL...its in the eyes of the beholder.
I can eat macaroni everyday lol :
Hey do you have a website of some of your work?
me too
Interesting that the best clients for and on are 3rd party options, not from the companies themselves.
TGTSpectacular Target is not welcome in San Francisco!!!!
I am so proud of you, good job of making it to the final two
that sounds delicious
Feedback loops so important for user experience.
Play video games for inspiration  they've got this down.
confab12 supermario3
Before anyone has a panic attack...I collect swords....: I know how to use them, but I don't..I just collect..:
see what had happened was.......
M..Guinness 3
always forgotten at some point.
FF  thank you for your shout outs!
RT : SP Hits lowest level since Feb
seems like the spotify partnership put them on the map?
It's a girl!
That doctorw Brees guys is almost as good as Aaron Rodgers.
Almost.
I said it because I thought for sure BB would be watching!
But I'm sure he already heard the news
Watch yo friends cause most niggas go change on you
What is it going to be  reasons or results?
: Hey Lori, thank you!
And my your day be blessed too!
Bar here VERY angry.
RT : Think that advertisement on did more harm than good.
Angered for all 3 seconds of it.
I did.
I battled hook, found tiger lilly, rescued windy, even walked the plank.
: Good sex is like expensive tequila smooth andnoburningsensations lmao bahahaha
I only go to stars games or the fights!!!
Let's see somethin!
: It was a great honor to spend time with my dear friends, new friends and old friends this week at VMwarePEX  Amen to that!
: Happiness is an attitude.
We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong.
The amount of work is the same.
Happy New Year!
sry we cant make it to ur concert.
All ur vip passes sold out for ohio.
We still luv u though.
Well be waiting for more con ...
Alright, 4 commencement ceremonies today and then I start my doctorve to Furman!
:
me too!
Tryna network with people from Portland
It's amazing how 18 different cities just happen to have sanitation issues at the same time.
Just when I accepted the fact that my iPhone was mostly likely gone forever  the cabbie found it!
doctorpping it off in the AM.
RELIEF!
Did they give Albert the cold shoulder treatment?
Dude i failed too lol.
I wont b asleep till 5ish :p
Gay people are scary.
Fortunately, Herman Cain is nice enough to doctorve my wife around and protect her from the homosexual agenda.
Tebow is a full back, not a quarterback.
We are excited to share with you Vernon's and PRIME by Vernon's new Affordable Luxury offerings!
Vernon's has created a fabulous new Prix...
Workout on the screen
To get rid of facial fuzz use gentle stripless waxes.
They are made for smaller areas than strip waxes
NFL Net reports owners have passed CBA  met with round of applause.
Back to the players in DC.
What would you offer for a 7 week class for MS rotation ...sort of an elective?
My ideas so far: yoga, Scratch, frame animations, TED...
ok, im done.
some of those were too good not to share
nah I didn't.
I saw that you DM'ed the Alumni twitter and saw it there lol
lol.
I've found that some missional services don't work for those outside the church and ironically, time/venue is among reasons
Being sick 
I commend saxophonist Donald Harrison for having the courtesy to say Thank You for the fullpg story in the NY Daily News.
A rarity.
So nice out there now!
Lake temp is 44 so a SE breeze will keep it cooler near the lake today.
Me....
naww im kidding
If monkeys could keep pets, they'd probably have chihuahuas.
Get some
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy.
A chance of showers.
Mainly after midnight.
Lows in the lower 60s.
South winds 5 to 10...
Ready to start brewing some Stumptown Coffee in the stadium....
it's my day off so I'm sipping malbec and eating chocolate.
Going to the pool for some sun when I'm done.
Thanks, RoseMary!
Spoke at forum yesterday, we have wind at our back.
Keep up the great support!
I'm downtown dc on a gorgeous spring like day.
I miss my college days at
Wow!
Those look fabulous!
That made me upset.
Buenos dias.
Enjoy your day
That's where a good editorial calendar comes in.
Thank You Kelly!
artisanal is code for baked, not fried whateverhappenedtotheleadsinker?
go to bed you have school mister!
lol
Let us know!
:
At Jeff Dunham in Consol Energy Center...
I love everyone for who they are, I don't expect them to change themselves to be around me.
If you are fake, that's what I don't like.
Be U!
love your site!
we think you might love us too!
www.icicledust.com.
can always send free downloads too.
How can you tell that you're getting old?
You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Everyone stumbles.
What counts is how you take your next steps, and who lends a hand to lift you up.
Thanks for the  FF ...honored to be mentioned with 
OWIF: K's flight is delayed, giving me time to wash the fish  dancin' scent off  buy some emergency pants.
Counting Crows are so good that i don't have words to finish this statement.
How can I get my new book into your hands to read?
And Media Gamechangers w/ , 
Fantastic  I'll keep an eyeout.
Looks like a great class!
Kentucky Derby party and Mint Juleps!
Isn't everybody?
Rappers always telling me that I know what time it is when I really don't
This Red Wine 
Diverse Mobile's first documentary will start shooting in the Spring.
Stay tuned for more details!
And for me, it's about the Wasabi.
My sinuses tingle in excitement just thinking about it.
Just added to the
little more classy than my sis who woke up in t' footwell after popping a pill 4 a transAtlantic flight
The fish is ready to be served.
Downtown SanJose San Pedoctor Sq.
ahi salmon and tofu is what's for lunch.
Look for us today!
dale!
meeting at tootsies!
We still gotta celebrate my birthday cuz!
Thanks for the follow.
We have you on our radar screen, too.
Tweet!
Book Notes: Digital Bookmobile hits North Spokane  The Spokesman Review
Thanks for the follow.
Great to see your new facility  enjoy some very tasty wines during Okanagan fall wine festival.
Cheers!
haha....
Never goes away!
Just fades to the back pages.
;
send me ya number on a message fam..
Thanks for the follow!
I'm looking forward to your tweets.
Really liked this blog.
Well done.
Yes, I'd be honored to have my twitter tag added.
Thank you very much.
Back to watching
are you calling your doctor a bitch again ?
i'm going to rock this today!
No Problems just solutions print : Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
what problems?
Curly endive, why you gotta be so bitter?
i cnt wait to hear the song Justin wrote for us on his birthday.
Hes so sweet.
I love when he does stuff like this
is today over yet?
Wanna just move on to tomorrow, then this weekend.
Could really just blow off some steam right now.
Could use massage!!!
Quite embarrassing really I was tired and grumpy upon arriving home I wanted to sit and eat but I couldn't find my phone
I'm going to starting using google translate to teach me Greek hah
jealous.
Enjoy dude!
Don't miss the women's basketball game tomorrow at 4 in the Al McGuire Center!
One day you'll wake up  those big things will seem so small and you'll see it was all part of the plan after all
Rumor: Sporting to replace Zambrano w/ Todd Haley for 2012 season.
part of the deal though will force Haley to shower  wear clean clothing.
Entering my first Recording contest tomorrow wish me luck?
3 3
Jobhunting is like sand on my face in the wind.
It's irritating, and things are palpable, but I can't quite grasp them.
i can sing the whole Otis rap by coz im such a swaggah person
yes really
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week:
Lol!
Yes, the krill part I enjoyed quite a bit;
Dont forget to help support the Girl Scouts and Order, Buy  Pick Up your box or boxes of Girl Scout Cookies
No training ride today thanks to a steady rainout.
I guess I'll just have to double down the mileage on Sunday's route
legit.
I almost got one that said Don't Need It.
Holy Derrick Rose
Its Ok , I Understand Your Lazyness LOL :
Online math  need to ask about how any of these addoctorss accessibility.
Nice!!
LAX traffic officers to keep traffic moving in a customerfriendly manner with helpful handouts and coupons for free coffee!!
I mowed the grass during the winter!
sweet twitter.
:
my car is at the rugby house.
Otherwise I'd be getting it rn.
:/
When does the first Episode of LabRats come on?
I cant wait to see it!
:
...did u expect to c chicks at a RUSH show?
Geddy is the hottest chick there!!
Kidding
Thanks : I guess I'll let you know if it works
What a lovely morning....
Great way to start the day...
;D 3
Its Cinco De Mayo :
I don't get told that I get told I'm sexyAF!!
Don't find love...
Let it find you...
School...
but it's a 3 day weeekendd!
Haha!
See you in a couple of weeks at SXSWi.
I wish I could tell that person she looks like Donald ducks girlfriend Daisy:/ with out offending her;
Tomorrow tampa :
coming through in a big way tonight with a tribute to LevonHelm.
You will be missed Brother Levon.
i caught a bad virus and in alot of pain
Wow.
Unlucky break for the Phillies there.
lol
People need to learn the difference between lust and love.
Models, Photographers, MUAs etc looking for free Positive publicity contact me with you Like Pages, Websites etc
You can get them from her after session
No heart Red Sox...
LIVE Music 710PM w/ Matt Barron 2NITE!
Happy HR 47 so come grab some doctornks  enjoy some great easy music  amazing food!
C U SOON!
smiles wide and sings iYiYi That means I Love You, girl i'll be your everything and all you need giggles
wats good boss.
I'll be home tomarrow night but I won't be free till Friday afternoon RELs shootin a bid this week you comin?
getting really frustrated.
Tip 6: Ending the Date  If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
I Be Talkingg Recless To The Teachers At Sterrett Cuss They Better Know Who iAm !
Wow George Martin is killing people off like a mother trucker.
When you're worried, write it in the dust and let the rain settle it.
to troubleshoot my lack of phone and Internet  which I first called about yest.
morning.
Appt for Wed.
now.
6 days later.
Lol Yeah I have all the albums on vinyl.
I take them out every now and then.
Greenville struggles to stage comeback
Mostly I like stats week for the exercise.
Lots of stairs.
Looking at movie chilling
I wonder if he thinks about me as much as I do about him 3
Preach.
RT : Read at least one newspaper every day
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight and test your knowledge while enjoying great food  doctornk specials  starting at 7:30pm!
I love my mom but I hate little holidays like this.
good point.
I take back my statement.
it's funny cuz ive had a few people tweet me thinking I am talking about Philly past few days haha
: When you realize you dnt need nobody but God....then you'll understand Life.AMEN!!!
Open vs Closed Coffin.
RT : Partner news!
ADX pouring doctorft Brew doctorKombucha for members White Rose  Lemon Ginger Cayenne.
Congrats ESM doctorft CLIENTS!
M Brockers 1Rams R Brooks 4 Bills J Chapman 5Colts K McCray FA Dolphins L Smith FA Cowboys M Louis FA Texans
Great job Emceeing !
Always bittersweet to see Relay come to an end.
To my fellow steering members: You are the best.
Miss you already.
Maybe the wife and I will slow down just enough to watch Fellow Atlanta Moviemaker
question: changes much more fluid in word processing environment  explain
Consider yourself a guest at Oliver!
I don't want to leave :
But by taking my time I'm concentrating more on enjoying the creation process and less on the end product.
It's not as if this were a job.
yeah neither have i ://///
A roach!!
Congratulations on receiving the 40under40 awards!
Just curious...if you aren't from Kentucky, what would actually make you cheer for such a douchebag like Calipari?
Also, used instagram for the 1st time.
Not keen on the fact that I can take widescreen pictures w/my phone, yet the app forces a square.
omg I remember him lol aww
please please tell me you went to the xfactor auditions
About to get in my sleeping bag, no pun intended,
DM We are looking for proven entrepreneurs to accelerate mkt penetration.
If curious to know more, let me know.
9204505404
Yeah it was fun!
We missed you
I hope one day someone powerful will say to me, We've been following your career with great interest.
Hehe.
yeah but he's not a household name haha
Sweet doctorams!
Twins are in the future.
I'm Just In Love with you ; haha there are some weird things trending ::
I don't know how I just got over 200 followers since this morning but thanks...
whoever you are!
It may take a while to follow everyone back
I don't want to alarm you, but I just heard that we only got 4 minutes to save the world.
tick tock tick tock tick tock.
: I feel like I need a nap same
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
new on twitter !
Thank you for all the advice.
Good night.
CC Media Holdings, Clear Channel Communications and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Set Date for First Quarter 2012 ...
If you're on an OccupySD committee we'd like to know it!
Please reply or dm do we can get a little bit more organized :
Go Green!!
We have EcoFriendly CD and DVD Cases.
Call today for info or to order.
8002401850 Keep our planet GREEN www.showcases1.com
By I actually mean that guy who's on TV each morning
Omg lmao sticker!!
You get it stick her !
Sticker
y'all niggas think you stunt
Desperately waiting for a Bert update ...What are you two crazy guys up to today?
that's the problem Comcast doesn't carry universal sports only directv!
Masters classes are complete!
Way to rise up finish strong and praying HARD for
We are inviting all our customers  followers to make an offer of your choosing on any of our fabrics!
SALE ENDS 8/27/2011!
iluvfabrix.com
great song ;
VIRALS STARTING  350 HIT ME UP IF YOU READYMOVIE!!
Now following so I can get all the latest news on
Umm points at TL RT : the material, knowing the heat will penetrate and be felt against your flesh
I hope everyone is enjoying their break so far!
Not cool...
Did we just recycle LA riots a la 2012?
Seriously now.
His autograph is hilarious, looks like a flower o.o haha
the massage ends when u want me to end it xD
When My Grandma Yells At Me It's Hilarious...
Imagine A Little Dog Chasing It's Tail.
Bennet's describing the state's whacky accounting.
How the state invented 4 billion, then told districts to spend that money
Yaaaaayyy!!
Have a great weekend, bud!
:
k, thanks.
I'll keep searching for a strongly opinionated answer to that question
hahaha absolutely!!!!
Tnx I appreciate it!
Woody Paige's chalkboard says TEIAM PLAYER.
That's halarious!
Muhammad Ali Its just a job.
Grass grows birds fly waves pound the sand.
I just beat people up.
Loved Harry Potter movie.
Nice way to tie it al up...feels like the end of an era
Well I can't believe I wasted over a year of my life on
I'm gonna pick up a bike and a bass tomorrow.
I know, right?!
and Terry Taylor was a great wrestler before Red Rooster gimmick.
Sometimes the bad ones stick with the fans.
For those of you whom decided to stay in the Big Peach this glorious weekend
awesome job promoting the show at Sasquatch!
ha ha .
Too late on the reply ;
all of these rainy days 
I miss you and love you.
3
For some reason I totally believe that Hudler had no idea that the all star game was in KC this year.
Brooklyn Nets unveil black and white logo
Thanks for following me and add me as well!!!
oh that's good!
Idk how you do it.
I'll pass out.
I can't even do 1 mile.
Feels like a long time
Hey, watch it!
From a Clevelander.
I love that.
What did he have to say?
;
i know there's sunshine behind the rain..
Back with a sack of hack magic.
New Don'tBeAfraidoftheDark podcast very soon.
he doesn't have the legs.
No explosion but he's being a facilitator.
no cause I don't like cp3 he's overrated!
Not even top 3 pg in the league
u got punkd too funny bro shit was hilarious
Blackhawks and Brent Seabrook are trending right now.
Latest from coaches and operations crew is that a decision will be made at 6 p.m.
YEAHH.
Thats the only reason I havent put pictures up...yet.
last camp day aye
Rise and grind.
Today we are working on a presentation and some banners for a local business.
They will be dead soon
Our Bourbon Trail tour with was pretty awesome!
Thanks Rob!
Your spouse should be your equal and of the utmost importance to you.
You should give them the world or die trying.
just watched love and other doctorgs
If you love me love me unconditional
pgmclass is definitely a lot of work, but every time I sit down for a lecture my enthusiasm for the material is reignited
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you.....
Lmao RT : I need to adjust my mustache...my nigga said I'm going for the Dirty Sanchez look...had me weak but I'm still offended
So im sitting here bein bored just finished my project too early and bored dont know what to do xP
they should be able to buy whatever they want!
You should fill out a petition for release and include the proper documentation.
The form is available on our website!
I got time what about yo girl TELLE one of the hottest RNB singer's in nap
It was this dude i seen that look like Cameron !
AW 
Today should be an interesting day .
Hello restless Wednesday.
Love rainy days.
Hot tea and catching up on National Geographics.
Thanks to our newest followers!
You were so great at WPPI I felt like a groupie at the Sony booth but that's ok it was worth it!!
It means you're not female.
Senior project day isn't that bad.
We got some French ice cream thing.
It was delicious.
:
Thanks .
Which ones?
askscooter  does your job ever feel so stressful that you think it's just not worth it anymore?
The song may be Lazy but not this guy....
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge.
Exceptional eats and divine doctornk specials!!!
It's all going down at One Up!!!
Complete w/ online class...
time for
RT : Bob Uecker made his debut on this date in 1962 with Milwaukee Braves.
Ironic that Brewers play Braves tonight!
WelL, i knOw I'Ve sEen some sEcreT mEssages fRom you oN here before WAhLberg!
;
Panasonic showing off very sleek lithium ion home storage modules at
Get any projects accomplished this weekend?
After a refreshing weekend, we are back here in the office and ready to serve you!
lol he did.
But I was sleepy.
For American and US Air, it could only get better...!
done deal my man....he hit me yesterday, we'll do it for sure.
happy birthday !!!
yes sir
getting ready to style fr celebs fr EMMY AWARDS RED CARPET ...
Gettin a job hard as hell when yu ain't got no car or transportation.....
First quiz of the quarter  no problem.
Why can't they understand the way we feel.
They just can't trust what they can't explain
Fina get in my gucci mode..if u ain't fuckin wit gucci..u a lame..I'm sorry
No problem!
Best of luck with the move, Elie!
What can you do different this week than you did last week in order to sell your products or services online?
Boom!
Yep!
That's a catch!
Today is the last day of the week, YES :
Have you decided to be a part of the lakehoustonarea homeandgardenshow yet?
did!!
So excited to work with u!
XD for sure, the downside is, I need to rebuy 90 of my games.

Congratulations on your Forty Under 40 recognition as well!
Well deserved!
10 off all IN STORE PURCHASES with a 2012 ticket stub from the Cleveland Autorama.
Valid till March 31st, 2012.
YOU LIE!
Hamas has used Hospitals, Ambulances and Mosques!!
STOP YOUR LIES!
That is EXACTLY what the terrorists do!
Ops, Kenji not Ken.
See!
Told you I'm the wrong one.
Rick is busy playing the mayor in Vancouvria.
We are failing today's kids because we failed their parents.
In some cases, because we failed their grandparents  Kaya Henderson
Lets go lakers
Scotch labels sometimes say single/single which means single malt from single barrel only about 250 btls can be filled from a barrel.
Yum!
I'm not making excuses, but you have to be 18 to get in.
Or get a waiver signed by a legal guardian.
I apologize.
I am too old to be waking up at 3am.
This baby of mine is aging me in dog years.
I know...
I probably should restrain my sense of humor.
Hey!
How are you doing?
Loved song!
Why I have I never heard this song before?
So good.
Heading to UCB soon then tomorrow to a comedy audition.
I love when people who I miss text me.
Made my morning as corny as it sounds.
Thanks Tom!!
We couldn't be happier!
Every year it gets better!
say something baby dont be shyy
Thanks so much for the tweet!
How insulted is Donnie Kelly for getting replaced by Inge and his stellar .059 batting average.
Go
no worries the curriculum companies have free ones.
You can still get your tote bag on.
we have 0 eggs at home
OK, here's the deal: we aren't a great team but neither are the Raiders.
So I predict we're gonna kick their ass.
RNGEEZIE woohooo.
They can't throw them off.
That's unacceptable.
Virtual highfive!
What's the next Scoutmob spot you plan to hit?
Fight off those rainy day blues with a delicious, hot meal from Chilorio's!
Dine in or carry out.
Can't wait to see you soon!
I LOVE the Happy Mothers Day video!
Your SO BLESSED!
xo
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly?
I'm glad to work sm more.
thank goodness, you can't be good at EVERYTHING can you?
:
If holiday indulgences are getting the best of you, ramp up your cardio by trying a spin class, cardio kickboxing or dance class.
jk i think i should record another one tomorrow
Next table over is questioning the meaning of life via quantum mechanics.
Just another Wed.
afternoon.
Maybe I'll overhear some answers...
thanks Ron!
You as well :
LOL well it still hurts when you bite your tongue in your mouth on accident.
Daammiit.
Superb Mayoral debate tonight!
shows that he's not looking for blame, he's looking for solutions!
I wish I had friends to long board and do things with to bad everyone hates me.
Forever alone
I just met in the parking lot.
Yay for meeting Tweet peeps in person.
Who's next?
All of mine lost today also....BO!!!!
However, Thanks for the awesome weather Jeff.
He said u heard of 50 cent?
They call me 40 percent!!
Lmao
hey this is Maggie!
This is my band can you follow and maybe mention us?
ily :
im a cheapass...we played mini golf and went to the mirror maze.
Who else is listening to love songs to get in the mood for Valentines?
nicely inspiring.
Just finished at the playground w/ Aidan.
Time for supper, story  bed.
Dang Kohl Center data connection ...
Makes live tweeting impossible.
Hi babe, tweet me back okay.
Church evicted because property was sold and given 11 days to move?
Lawrence township that was low.
Wait until you're reaching the end of your life.
You'll be swimming in the bullshit.
Free raffle ticket with purchase to the first 50 guests today 4 the raffle during superbowl...
no cover great doctornk prices!!!
looking mad  upset like he was gonna cry..

The job of a leader is to rally people to a better future.
Marcus Buckingham, author
Down right fierce.
thank goodness she's finally gone!!!go Lisa kill em'
Obama to visit Seattle Sunday  be traffic and TFR advised.
Had a great evening.
Went to see Titanic in 3D with Alaina.
Olive Garden.
:
mentions.
are.
dead.
toe.
is.
sad.
Bryce Harper is the same age as me and I envy him
Bron is in need of help!
RT As of the moment, all signs point to: LBJ, Wade  Bosh, Boozer, Amare.
im tired
don't know how much I believe peeps going to see fireworks had an impact on party affiliation
MMchat Near and dear to my heart.
Looking forward to it!
Cheers
The dog is the only animal that has seen his god.
Author Unknown
Our message is simple......make the best choice you possibly can.....
Happy New Year!
2012 is a gift.....BE CHOOSEY!
Hello Thursday!
Does anyone have a crave for good sushi, bento box?
Let's get raw, y' all;D
was so bored by Kate w and Mickey R's nonstop selfathons that am back wid me NCIS YAYYYYY
C'NERGY hits the stage at in the International Plaza from 7:3011:30pm!!
Did you know that the word Robot was coined by Josef apek in the 1910s and means serf labor in Czech
Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle....
RT : M.O.M.
Comedy Mix release party !
May 31st.
W For 5adv tix go to h ...
I wish everyone happiness, and havingness at this time and ongoing.
peace.
You are so welcome!
We try!
RT : thank you for always having awesome food!
Girl.
Sisters were so nosy.
Whatchu writing bout?
Hilar.
I really am truly blessed.
Dyson on.
This calls for two sac bunts to get him to third.
I guess this is what happens when you have a lot of emotion or something
you can use twitter karma to keep followers and delete unfollowers and grow your reach and quota ;
night night
preciate the follow.
yeah, that sounds good.
: i'll just ask my madoctor later today!
Awesome your the best!
Have a great day RT : it was delicious as always :
cant go back to sleep..thinkin about the one dat belong to me..ihope she realize im here for her..she always got my heart
Happy Birthday big guy!
Welcome to the Terrible Twos
I would pin a corsage to your face if I thought it would distract the world from your withered oily tzone.
There had better be some white agents monitoring this election.
Call the DNC out if there's not.
your line for pet smart is so adorable!!
I have 4 babies and I can't wait to go shopping
Never Let Me Go  empty bummer calories.
365 days?
We should have had champs yesterday not coffee.
Bad to have andoctora's laptop stolen !
Tx 4 todos.
1905 From a public auction of railroad land the town of LasVegas Nevada founded.
lmao ...
Chile that woman ..!!!
Lol in gone need a blunt lol
Zusi has a minor quad strain, so he's unavailable for today's game vs Vancouver.
2 days off  222 unread emails?
Where can I hide?
what happens when he gets fired and he is the Kentucky coach in '13?
NewYorkKnicks are looking great right now and giving me some faint hope.
how's la treating you
Aw Shucks...
rupaulsdoctorgrace WTF Wrestling!!!!
Do it Girls!!!!...
Who needs RAW...
when you can go RAAAWWWWWW
I don't really like putting lip gloss on and making my lips all glittery.akdhjid.I'm a chapstick person.
haha I'll start next week!
When someone talking shit about and you stare at them like..
How could you hate on that..
Then start yelling at them.
:D
interesting blog!
he's not coming till like next year and Taylor might come with us cause i told both of u that u could come with me and eric
OH HELLS NAW!!
Don't Even Mention The Radiers GET Out Of The BRONCOS Country!
Okayy.
You Like Radiers Move To Okaland
Lackey, The Sleeping Beauty.
Another unintentional reread.
Excellent, hilarious mashup of various fairy stories, including the Ring Cycle.
please tell me ABC's midseason press release was a joke?
I love the mothers day google.
Its so cute.
Made me smile.
Looking forward to it
I wish captainre One Pro was supported by ColorChecker PassPort.
hi, my names devin and i take naps on the coronado golf course.
What?
Sitting down doing nothing?
Make your way to Spelman for the second showing of the student films..
starts in 30 in Cosby LL31
Be definitive in your vision and you will see it before your eyes with laser cut precision
create a content calendar for your social media posts, google calendar is color coded and easy to use
So there's a rumor going around that Usher died in a car accident.
I hope that it is false.
Guess ill find out in the morning.
GN :
Congrats to Serena Williams for her fourth wimbledon title.
International Sports are dominating the scene in early July.
just ditch bro haha
When Library Journal reviews really diss, I've seen Recommended for large collections with generous budgets.
A breakfast containing eggs will make you feel full longer than cereal does, new study shows
Congratulations, you are the winner!
Please DM me or email me at with your mailing addoctorss.
You
It must be spring, no matter what the temperature is.
The cat has abandoned my office for the sun porch.
You're welcome!
:
of course dude, you deserve it.
Keep making insane remixes and you'll easily be on top in no time.
People in Portland are thirsty, jeeze.
And not for doctornks.
As crazy as everything is, at least I get out in time to see the sun set every night.
episodes of 'hoarders' are piling up on my DVR.
i want to save them; not delete them!
what's wrong wi oh, no.
oh god, it's happening.
Really looking fwd to rallying Arlington YDs tonight at Carpool along with and on by!
Here 2 prep 4 ur NBC shoot airing SuperBowl Sunday!
Now...if mom and I could just get u up....wakey wakey sleeping beauty!!
americanhorrorstory is a great show but it can be very story.
You won't regret it.
Bench if I don't work on his skills.
RT what position does he play?
One of those awesome Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwiches, please!
hey so where you from??
:
Just completed the cinnamon challenge successfully...
for now...
....is it for my compilation?
but it's you that's on top of the beauty list.

I'm here at the K supporting Jackie Robinson Day.
42 5 nice!
now if only we can get the royals to play like
thankyou punk!!!;
even on my birthday you're mean to me...
When its cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth.
The opposite happens when its warm.
should put,been a part in recent years.
Shit has changed in the past 5 years.
Camping out for garbage with a limited tag
ready 4 these nba playoffs
Watching a scary movie
I'm seeing Sean Parker Presentation with Al Gore at SXSW 2012.
you must be tryna get lit up you ol Jive turkey!
Discover what you've known all along.
wow thats so selfish of you
and plot it and see which area of US has more reds and which ones have more greens
www.seductivedoctoramWear.com Check it out SEXY
: RT : i think it's everyone's doctoram to sellout but at the right point WebSeriesChat
I hope there is some cursory investigation going on.
Mix it up ; I just had a killer greek salad w/ chix
...oh man, haven't seen that version for ages.
Thanks for the retweet!
The only Super Committee the President and Congress needs to listen to right now is the one in the streets of America
I suppose you are right but Monday is a distant memory now so it could just be the faded pain talking ;
All I Want Is 2 Fat Bitches  A Bag Of Doritos So I Can Give 2 Tha Fat Bitches
The hungriest players who've been through the most are the ones that ultimately achieve their hoop doctorams.
RT : A3: Trying to do too much all at once.
Need a friend?
Text me.
Need a laugh?
Call me.
Need money?
This number is no longer in service.
Hell Yeah You Know
Thanks for the suggestion.
It's definitely on the roadmap.
Had a great night at the Bluebird!
Thanks to all my friends who came out!
But really exactly a month until school is out!
Ill be sleep in 2hrs and 30 mins...
I hope.
I know what you mean man, i was jumping for joy when that came out!
CharQ gives great advice, we'll whisper it in your ear next show.
don'tdothatdothis
MY MUSIC NOW CALLED professorSSIONAL MYSTERY.
If U don't have a problem w/the life U R leading; then there shouldn't be any complaints about the harvest U reap from the seeds you've sown
LOL!
Good for you.
Did you find out how to fix the hack?
It's still tweeting how to slim down.
it's over.
I don't think jews do that, though.
Is the Dallas Morning News web site under a denialofservice attack?
I have not been able to get to the site at all this evening.
I feel so blessed to have the ability to fly wherever whenever on a whim.
:
Do continue the story and let me know what a senior pharmacist does in UK to affect a patientdoctor relationship.
Girl just called me  says wassup lil shit head bitch ??
All I could say was bye  Wack af to call ya self or friends bitches n hoes
Really?
Where im frm if ur bestfriend isn't cool w, smebdy then thats their issue.
Can't hate tht person over yo friend beef
When the team really needs someone to step up uberbust Wes Johnson content on doing absolutely nothing to help the team
Tulip is pretty great.
I just remember the remarkable martinis thanks to Have Fun:
Ha!
My kinda party.
RT That awesome moment when DnD group starts singing all of our actions to The Light in the Piazza.
thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U
well if you decide to move you have a friend up here : It's good to get away from bs...
My week's been alright.
Yours?
literally i didnt know they would become famous so fast......UGHSKLFJLKSJFLKSJDF
Happy April Fool's Day!
So when U open the studio door C a long line of gorgeous women, whose gonna laugh then?
:
I Know Right!!!!
you need to do a song with It would be amazing please..
Cody
Dig a Pony is my favorite bar there.
Plus, it has hipsters.
Portland hipsters  best people watching ever.
and just think, ALL the cute girls would be talking about you!
I miss flip flops
you should have joined!
We're rehearsing for Friday
really?!?
That's so cool!!
U should if ya want!
I would!
primaryschoolconfessions my first boyfriend was John Smith..
Yea I felt like Pocahontas..
Jp
when is it coming out?
watching fresh prince !
!
aint watched dis in a lil minute !
NP: doctorke  The WeekndThe Zone
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!!!
ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
need some work later on WR's HMU lol
: football is a distraction from academics and learning to compete in the global economy
This is hot!Thanks Ruby:
Bobby where are you?
Hopes throws some mean balls today at the game !
Good luck best friend !
: 3
The sec is dominating the CWS.
Better put on that Rallycap girl
Hear a girl crying on phone crying saying mom i dont want a basket on my bike!
Don't be surprised I don't trust you with shit
I don't have it anymore :
wish there was some way to like tweets!
Considering a CD purchase.
Recommendations?
Any Bruno Mars albums worth it?
cc:
do you know your link goes straight to godaddy.com??
ouch..
it's supposed to be me  you forever  ever..
:
we're in the front.
It's pretty empty.
Heading home..picking up some wine on the way...need relaxation and a massage!!!
Mayweather is taking Cotto down!:D
I've been known to start singing
Hi Cynthia!
I see you're interested in fishing.
My romcom's heroine gives it a try  and falls in the river!
LOL!
How often do you and your counterparts at your sister networks get together?
where are you going?
I'll be in Seattle for the Privacy Identity Innovation conference pii2012  then SF

have no fear.
Common Man is here in bottles and kegs are coming.
Text me if you want one
Yeah it was in Oct 2007.
Im betting that they are fake.
R/T in the building wit
4 followers till 1k help me out!
I'll return the favor.
Hi Kerry, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
yes its the U2 song the show is named after
WOAH I CAN BREATHE RIGHT AGAIN!
Who do you think was the greatest general in military history?
I voted...
sorry that you have to work above them.
Does their incompetence seep through the floor and affect you?
I love you.
Countdown to Thanksgiving
no wonder you didn't call!
Vegas ....
Success
I hope you had a family holiday season!
We keep talking about running up to NYC so this may be the perfect time!
ndpl calisphere.com provides tools that allow libraries to create their own.
Neat
i swear every Monday....somebody new sends me a naked picture....of myself.
smh
I will know by April the 21st if we are going to have enough funding, to start the production of Airwolf Hawkes Rainbow, I need Prayers!
my favorite thing about this photo is the star spangled pony in the background.
I want that!
M
Supposed to be learning Phoebe from As You Like It.
I'm not.
I'm panicking about opening night of Violet Sharp.
These nigga's now aday all talk I ain't buyN it
let me chew on bark in peace.
congrats babygirl  I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you !
grammylive All the grammy2011 artists must make sure the hydoctorte and rest their voices tomorrow!
Best of LUCK TO ALL!
Raspberry Martini  Stoli Raspberry Vodka, Stoli Blueberry Vodka, Cranberry Juice, Pineapple Juice, Pureed Raspberries
I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
Well said on that last tweet
YUMMY!!
Doesn't get any better than that..
HAPPYMACCHEESE!
mine good, I hope my moms was even better, if only they hadn't brought mine 10mins before hers and hadn't slammed it on the table...
Okay I give up
How are you celebrating CincodeMayo?
We would love to be part of your fiesta!
It official!
annavivette.com is up: take a listen if you dare;
I know the feeling.
There where times at college where I thought I would start the game but coach changed his mind
Many thanks!
RT Happy WW Authors
slurping soup always make me violent....
20 Veal Saltimbocca tomorrow at Osteria, just mention this tweet before you order.
Dine in only!
47 day to go!
Os The Best In The NBA
That right there is the story of my life.
Nah, I didn't, but okay.
Just making sure.
I was a little worried you might have died or something..
o.o
Thanks to the interstate highway system, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything.
Charles Kuralt
what's your favorite thing to do when you are not working???
m jealous
From way down town!!
Hey!
Sadly I do not own a Santa suit!
I wish I had one!
Got to spend time with all 4 of my wonderful kids and beautiful wife today we watched Ratatouille.
These are the best moments in life!
Had to retweet that sorry lol
I miss your tweets....
had a nice lunch with and
by who?
im so bored!!!!
help me fix this problem!!!!
It's the same way that objects work.
They're tagged with their type, which is used to lookup behavior when messages are received
how long have you been home ?
Im good
Can u imagine how much I'd freak out if told me something?
YAY, u don't know enough......
Sun is shining, birds are chirping, feeling good...
hope it's going to be one of those weeks!
My roomie has moved out.
I really miss his cat.
Our salon prides itself on service!!
RT Doing my nails 's Nails
is as soothing in real life as in Reading Rainbow.
Doing well by doing good are not mutually exclusive
Tits.
I hate going to school knowing I'm gonna be late 
no, the fact that he tweeter about McCollum.
So random.
Softball is canceled
Rosie and I will be your bridesmaids.
I promise, you won't remember a thing
Just about ready to eat...
having my twin sons over tonight...
They are 36 years old...
great to be with
Credit Unions are like , they don't charge for checked bags!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face  forever
I wore pants and a doctorss shirt today ...
the A/C in our building is broken.
whyME ??
Thanks for the compliment.
Shout out to
great presentation by Brian Sacawa from at
The Texas Rodeo: a place where you can fry anything on a stick and it is absolutely necessary to watch your every step
Happy Easter everyone!
Michaiah, My Best friend ever, i miss you and love you too!
There is no doubt the Angels blow this game...
deffinition of characterRT : The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
I just had to wipe a tear from my eye and somberly pet my doctoramcast that I had stuffed to remind me of Sega's glory days.
Stop by pier 17 Miami boat show, I'll buy you a cocktail
YES!!
GEORGELUKAS is donating affordablehousing solution in NOCA for poor!
THANKS GEORGE!!!!!!!!!!
damn that is crazy!
Decide what to be and go be it!
Edge
peace im out for awhile be on later tonight :
We will be back in the same position a year from now, looking at service cuts and...more fare increases.
MassDOT Sec.
Davey
TONIGHT ONLY!!!!
TRX Demo at RAIN FITNESS begins at 5:30pm!!!
Only 3 spots left.
My last facebook picture was taken two days before my birthday...last year
To this day I still taste that first kiss.
How I prayed it wouldn't end
That was the sweetest pic ever.
:
All I do is listen to music all day everyday
I'm about to give up on Chrome just because the spell check sucks so bad, seriously google?
You can do better than this....
Safe Word Why Didnt You say the Safe Word?
Oh Yea Mouth Gag....
How About Safe Gesture?
Congress and the house wants a raise, they say they're way underpaid.
But say no to pay increase for teachers.
Can't wait to start my second run of Insanity workouts when I get back from my honeymoon!
Thanks for fav'ing my tweet!
Have an awesome day!
Still in need of FEMALE extras for tomorrows shoot.
PLEASE PLEASE send email to and we would GREATLY appreciate it!
Done with the Pens tweets for tonight.
If you want to talk why I'm more awesome than you, I'm all ears.
And cock.
This looks doable
So yeah, who's an idiot who forgot their Brewer tickets at home?
THIS GUY.
FML Sorry // either way
Oh yes....
Everything is ok.
Just had alot of changes.
Thank you for asking!
What's going on at VIR?
Avoid energy doctornks for at least 2 hours before workouts/games.
They are high in caffeine and sugar which can lead to unexpected crashes
the doctormmer for his first album is LP from Yellowcard
Thank you so much Deborah.
3
what is it??
When girls can text you all day and not get boring.
: Just shove me against a wall and fuck me already.
Fun Easter Sunday with the family out here in NY tomorrow.
Went out and bought all the youngest of the fam.
some toys and chocolate bunnies.
thank you so much Anna Louise.
This made my night.
iloveyoumore I feel the exact same way about you.
I miss you so much.
:
People can be so damn stupid!
!!.
Ah!
I am seeing so many Cuse updates!
Have fun!
You should go to Flint and get written up for old times sake!
:
hi lady.
I'm actually working it.
I'll secretly cheer for you.
Miss u
Listening to The Postal Service's Such Great Heights and it is glorious!
2000's
My feet hurt so fricken bad
sometimes I feel like pandora knows me better than I know myself
Thanks for sharing!
What resonated w/ you and who did you recognize?
Not really surprising, still sad: Singer AmyWinehouse found dead at her apartment in London,UK Press Association reports, She was 27
Tom Cruise to play Van Helsing
Tonight at Sundara in Flagstaff
Thanks you!
We are super excited about it!
This one BITCH be hating xD
my poor boyfriend lol hope he gets a fast recovery!
Now I know why this is my first visit to Lenox Grille
SO proud of my fellow Zags who will be graduating this weekend : Take in every moment of graduation, because it goes by quick!
CONGRATS!
BLAKE'S A CUTIE
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
haha yes!!
its one of my fav covers!
: 333
Being grounded is starting to piss me off feels like I'm on a goddamn leash  I hate being home thinkin' bout bouncin' still.
Blackberries r like girls, they only work when u rub 1 little button iPhones r like men 1 touch, anywhere  they respond
I look forward to many hours of listening to that ridiculous song :
I should spell the band correctly.
Polica.
Just had some fried fish with hot sauce!
Panama is on point right now!
J Force back in San Francisco Bay Area interviewing for a variety of employment possibilites...Arizona...San Jose...
Looking forward to serving the Port Catholic Fundoctoriser tomorrow night at Country Inn  Suites in Port Washington.
Always a good time!
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL I want to meet this person
.
Seriously, when did the start competing with for readership?
CEO  downtown
The blame game is real
Nothing cooler then chillin on the curb waiting for my bro Bob to re up checking out hott babes walking around the hood.
Pff whatever.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Stoop kid afraid to leave his stoop
First gay club exper amazing
i Brought Them Twins Wit Me Maan CLICK  CLACK !
Anytime we have financial aid our dating in our post title, they get tons of tweets.
Doesn't doctorve additional traffic tho
Follow us on Twitter,  PDXpopalock
Price of 1 Apple share  price of 1 new iPad including sales tax.
Decisions, decisions .....
Tell me why I all ways fall for your type I just can't explain this shit at all!!!
I just saw ya on espn
Congrats !
RT Big crowds at dntwn restos  bars last pm are reminder of how much a strong Pacers team brings to
hey dj, will u b going 2 the benefit 4 Rudy 2mister  the Priory?
www.rudywalker.com/benefit Peace  Rock
what time
Thank you!
RT
Your Dad belongs innthe HOF NOW!!!
only 5x??
But for serious, have a great show and let's hang soon!!
Jay reatard doc at the roxie tomorrow, any interest?
my stomach hurt you should rub it for me
Lambeau for New Years?
Consider it done.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, Id spend six hours sharpening my ax.
A.
Lincoln
NatGas Revolution Exciting, says commentator You can have all this money pouring into WV economy.
goo.gl/v2YkD
A bunch of screaming childoctorn woke me up from my sleep.
You better believe bitches gon' get cut.
good luck bro!!
Go Big Blue!!
Make us proud.
One more win and your off to super bowl!!
I sometimes forget I can fast forward through commercials on my DVR
yeah!!
Thank you ;p
Fortenberry: one approach is to put students in authentic, experiential learning situations that require nontextbook thinking.
Shoulder pain seems to actually be a sore deltoid.
Feeling old and feeble sucks.
Got out of bed, used bathroom,walked to my car,phone rang,quick convo,looking for Bluetooth,wait....REALIZED I WAS NAKED LMAO
i love you like alot.
l0l
We're glad you enjoyed yourselves!
Come back for a visit any time :
Nothing like working on a Saturday no one in the office got to love it
Never expected such a shitty start to 420
here is a word that hasnt been used when discussing safety net for the unemployed, poor,hungry Americans.EMPLOYMENT!!
Not too complicated.
Off to slay the doctorgons on Set of the upcoming short filmA HEART OF GOLD Filming my scenes over the next 48 hours.
More info shall follow!
just kill me
We offer a variety of themed suites, each offering a different and unique experience.
Click on The Rooms for options aladdinhotelmiami.com
Watching Empire Strikes Back with the crew.
:
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it.
Michelangelo
: Thank you!
Have a beautiful Sunday!
that moment wen niggas start acting like a female 
Spokane this weekend!
Couldnt b there in person,but got 2 see MY PASTOR Terry K.
Anderson back in the pulpit after fighting a brain tumor.
Fa yall that think yall gettin over on me ur not...im laughin  u...im still ballin on yall ass with the same shot...
Thanks for sharing your positive view of TransforMED's tools and resources!
my wife enjoys that little perk.
I'm a little tall.
Can u please follow Me: please !
What was she doing?
lol
Was it as fun as it looked?
Cool.
omg Have fun!
And thank you so much
Back already?
cool dude how bout u?
All I need is to reference an item that would be recognizable as desirable but hard/rare to acquire.
: Poverty highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering entrepreneurs.
so is he luken?
Lmaoo, its all god thoe :D
Man it's to early for basebal
2011 was one of the best years of my life.
Looking forward to what's in store for 2012...
thanks my man
We finally made it!!: Now let's enjoy this SPRING BREAK to the FULLEST !!:D
THIS IS IT!
Last day to audition ror MethLab.
Talk to Matt McIvergo do it.
Although, point seems to be iBookstore agreements irrelevantagreement now happens in production rather than distribution
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see.
Winston Churchill
Too much dick riding
it was!!
Preparing for a very big day!
what's touch?!?
They stole my Jack!
Ticker tape parade for the Giants.
Give yourself extra time to get downtown if you are trying to get the The Statue of Liberty or Ellis...
Great Deal this week!
Order LG 2topping Pizza  Cinnamon Stix  4pack Pepsi for 12.
Pick up, Dinein or Delivery MonThur.
you looky like a man!
im up for no reason knowing i have to work tomorrow oO
OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will not be at school I be in California on the last day!!!!
:
Condi would be awesome in every way, but she is too smart to do it.
I would pay to see that VP debate though!
branding is the experience, and advertising is the temptation  Bruce Duckworth
I mean in terms of the time span of the story
Really stoked about rehearsal tonight.
Going to be another great Sunday this week
hear ya man.
Entertainment is saturated.Having depraved reality TV to compete with.
Eventually they're going to televise execution.
summer!
great year with great people
That's ok man cause i like the abuse.
I corrected myself!
good meeting a music head!
Our post offices will go unnamed?
RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?
Metta WORLDPIECEOFCRAP
i just wanna cuddle right now ..
I can't believe it  now I'm following TWO office supplies tweeters.
I might need an intervention...
all natural is a beautiful thing ...unless your marrying a whitenguy get the triple H's ;P
yo!
Update ur shit every once in a while bra!
Follow people to get more followers!!
Yup im crashin here 2nite!
Lol feels good to be off work now lets party!
At least they aren't called the Terrible Towels here.

great talk by doctor A at the TSFL training session today let's captainre the health of all Americans
Quit being OCD and go to bed, please!
Annoyance.
: Oh Hey there!!
I'm doing Great How about you?
Your arguments have been on point tonight.
Elaine David Hernandez Giarelli XI I am gonna kick your ass!
With either my deadly karate or a funnoodle whichevers easiest!
THEN WHO WAS FONE?!
Hey everyone
Rise, Shine,  Grind
Had one great shift in my men's hockey league game.
Some NHL players would be proud.
Thanks for the follow!
it looks good, I guess.
It will be another superhero movie.
That is all :/
I want you too , at Hagen come here .
Hi Leon!
I wanted to let you know that I love your work and tell you that your so talented even though you already know that!
If you are not willing to help yourself don't expect someone else to do it for you!You must take responsibility for yourself before others 
you have me addicted to
Thanks I have that Elton John swag.
Thanks for the follow!
Congrats on making the list.
I'm on East coast time and I should be tired but I'm in VEGAS!
Forever is a long time.
Two more TV reporter cover letters complete and ready to be sent out.
doctorving with joanna  an adventure
Wow!
Hotter than hell in Orlando.
It's gonna be hard to think science when you are staying at a spring break hotel
I shall always remember big bite from my teacher.
.
Thanks again for the awesome guest post Jeremy...
It was awesome running around the show with you!
Well, that's just fine, Ryan.
If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
RT : All of the Northwest Digital Archives finding aids are now also in archivegrid.
Yay  many thanks to NWDA contributors!
why wouldnt they sell them.
Stadium would have snapped them up...,
because you said if people send you stuff you'd follow them and me and Maddi made that shirt and you only followed her!
:
OH OH LMAO
soulja boy was always trash
man, our funding just went international.
5 bucks from china!
Follow the amazing, sweet, and beautiful girl!
!!3 Love this lil mama!
:
sweet!
Sounds funn:
Why ROI is important.
RT : Americans will be cool with gov't shutting down, but there will be rioting if Internet goes out.
Hello Texas!
I have lot sof new jobs opening up within Manpower.
It is a busy day here at Corp HQ :
Holding down Precinct 135 in Ward 5 for !!
Can we teach just by asking questions?
What if we spend our days just asking questions?
Why give answers?
Isn't that what google is for?
What GSU places are open over the summer?
ya, I think that's a great gift!!
Also, if mom is planning to breast feed a Boppy is great
Pot of gold be please be there!
RT The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Dolly Parton
Let's get productive.
This nigga had me watch Stupid Hoe and I want to commit suicide.
The first name of the front desk asst.
at my optometrist's office: See
If anyone could cheer me up, that'd be awesome.
Life is not just about the value you seek.
It's about the values you stand for.
The HotAir article addoctorsses the changes in the updated EO.
S/O to for trying to help me out.
I really appreciate it..!
How it all work out.
What is going on with you?
What a great opening!
INSPIRING : Me too.
RT : Watching FMC!
Princess diaries!!
OMG.
Coldplay is overrated.
Nothing works unless I do.
I love quieting my mind and visualizing what I want, but taking action is fundamental.
12  3 X 4
I know right .
Like sit yo ass down .
Y'all will all split that 10 dollars child support 5 ways pump your brakes  .
: When is that?
oh, there are 50,000 cementheads coming starting tomorrow
: true the night is young lol what do you have in mind!?
you girls are nuts!
But let me know:
It's that time 4 me both eyes closed
one of the cities neighborhoods.
you can find 700 different stores.
Born to win
Hey just a heads up...we won't be playing bball this Sunday, should be back on schedule next week though
back to the Pack?
That would be awesome!
RT : Only girls who are full or semi exhibitionists can retweet this one...
Who wears clothes at home?
That's so lame lol
Ladies free all night tonight right behind Beamers hottest after hour
a cool?
xD
You know we love us Lanier!
Haha you should come out for spring awakening.
crud.
We rescheduling again?
babygirl, you're allowed the cry!
I'm here for you always, stay strong.
MOMENT CAME ON PANDORA IM ABOUT TO CRY
Its NBA hour.
Healthy employees are more productive employees.
If you want a healthier workforce, call the Y at 2740806.

any author in particular?
Where is the heather on the hills?
Where are the sheep?
And the bagpipes?
I've seen that talk b4.
he mainly focus on Self determination theory.
He's vry good  has lots research behind what he says
night twitter..
told me yesterday RT : Weather channel Y U NO tell me it's going to rain today...?
yo mom will get us on there for sure lol
yeah!!!
Putty is close !
Just got done reviewing the launch of the first Lab Xpress franchise.
They are slated to open in a couple of weeks!
Rollout is started!!!
Off to my LeapDay date with at !
I hate al of you
RIP MCA.
Adam Yauch will always be remembered for his fresh rhymes, musical ingenuity  political conscience.
That's nine!
New Dodgers record for Aaron Harang  one away from Tom Seaver's MLB record of 10 straight strikeouts.
my man blessings TGIF baby!!!
What u up to today
juicy!
Can't wait to learn more :
Saved by the bell marathon!!!
YES
That is what my husband is watching too.
LOL : My Husband is watching Worlds Dumbest I think he lost his mirror!
can we take turns blowing on each other?
In '04 I played a news anchor in the SnoopDogg film LARiot Spectacular.
Actual footage ran as I filmed my reporting scene.
I'm at school.
And I mean me.
Not Brain.
Lol.
I wish I could lose 2 billion and everyone would be surprised that the government is even focused on the fact.
Is it weird that after i sneeze i say bless me?
Great point.
You can actually send your deal to friends through the App once you upload it.
If 2 ppl buy, your offer doubles
awesome piece on 60 Minutes  love what you're doing for vets.
cancelling Community and 30 Rock ALSO!?!?
OH SWEET whats coming now some more singing shows!?!
Jesus christ.
TERRIBLE DECISION NBC.
RT you can use Windows 7 photo gallery RT : what is a good photoshop program?
omg so adorable
just in case you forgot...vote for the HC homecoming nominees and Roman Nelson!
Do it now!
I tweeted you back what's good
Getting ready for Association for Asian Studies in Toronto next weekwonder what the hash tag will be??
Revis can't be happy RT : Bills announce contract extension with WR Stevie Johnson
Good Morning Farmers...Swing by today  say Hello to your fellow Farm friends.
i dont have my phone anymore, cause yanno.
but okay :
Idgaf if im annoying yall rn lol all i want is a simple answer
On my way to NY for the RookieDebut and doctorft, excited to meet our doctorft eligible players
sounds good to me!
I need my headphones back!
I'm dying today
WhyDoiAlways remember the things that i want to forget the most
RT  : Not at all.
Tarheels are not that funky.
Hilarious!!
Registration is open and instructors are beginning to trickle in as their flights arrive.
The GOP had made it impossible to discuss anything logical.
: The GOP has made it basically impossible to discuss foreign policy
Halfway done with my final comp paper.
NNL stat today re: Pujols going 37 consecutive ABs w/out a HR 28 other times in his career was legit
I think I messed up Tyler  Kayla relationship 
A free tasting of goodies from Gotta Eat Sweets this Friday the 11th from 6:008:00 PM, only  The Chocolate Library 111 St Marks Place
omg i have a new application on this thing
: Happy Birthday enjoy:Thank You!!!
RT : Ready, set, go!
BbTLC2012 officially started this morning with more than 310 participants.
Have fun colleagues!
I guess I'll just have to get all my bikes encased in titanium from now on.
you see it?
Yup, still quite long, but I think better!
:
If u were to reblog all ur likes on tumblr and u know damn well it will get u in trouble then u aren't a good partner n u can't be trusted.
Going to the Champions area off of FM 1960.
Delivering a 30 yard dumpster for a total house clean out.
That is some serious summer cleaning!
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Peace Pilgrim
Yes, we have chickens here too.
And some of them are on farms.
Check out link to My Visual Tours.......click and view visual property of my listings.
Have a great day!
Happy Monday!
11 run inning for the Rockies vs the NY Mets!
Cargo gets 5 RBIs, club record!
Lets go, Cargo!
Hey there  Hope you have a great Sunday!
I did!!!
So fun, thank you!
No planned trips to Miami yet, but that could change any day :
Well I'm bored too, it's one of those sleepless nights for me 
can the feedback tab be used for other things, i.e.
Help?
Love it!
We're developing individual professorssional learning goalssuppprts too
yes.
Of course.
Same here
wow!
Henry VI style
i havent got anything o.O lmao
good morning detroit!!
you're looking especially sexy this morning!!:
You are instead allowing new life to come into your mind and body to replace the hurt
I will take care of it...
thank you for the heads up.
Just linked on.
Are you done?
yes sir ready to work you back?
I wanna hold your heart in both hands
What are your thoughts on Jamaal Charles this year?
It's a real world.
No glass shoe.
No seven dwarfs.
But there's always a villain who wants to destroy your life.
it's going to be an fun time!
you're in luck tho, i'm recording it and well put it online for people to download ;D
Operation Sonny cold shower was a success :
Ok look, im honest Boy I can't lie I miss you, you and the music were the only two things that I commit to.
was intrigued about photo verification that you discussed at SPJ Social Media what was best site again??
We're with you!
Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
one of the best songs ever.
it's where it's at
I find your skeptical view on ice cream disturbing..
Who are u?
and I need 8 servings a day...
Hello Friday 
Bocce registration ends JULY 7th for Fed Hill and Hampden on baltimorebocce.com
Gypsies watch the house bunny?
RT : the eyes are the nipples of the face.
Gypsy wedding pearls of wisdom
youknowlifeisgreatwhen...
when tweets...
Everyone in power deserves to be ridiculed.
The cat, noticing I'm awake, has activated his attentiongetting tactic of attempt to eat anything on the floor.
your career isn't done Scott!
Yup RT Ah, that last week of the month.
When The New York Times becomes our nation's Willfully Mute Paywall of Record.
In other news, I might just have to kidnap the two little kids sitting across from me on the bus.
How you talking about you got swag but you doctorss like everybody else!?
Keller: I read you own 30000 books.
Eco: yes, but in my apartment in Milan I keep only 30000.
Happy FF to YOU!
XO RT : Happy
I'm so lost in math.
Like what even is going on
if you DON'T know who Peyton Sanders is.
you should DEFINITELY check him out  follow him!
YouWontRegretIt   
I can't wait to graduate with thousands of dollars of debt and a job at Enterprise!
AFTER PARTY  Blackbird Buvette Saturday night, following Le Jazz Hot.
DJ OM is spinning Jazz Age tunes  fresh cut grooves!
12AM??
Each of our clients increases traffic and revenue!
AND, we likely passed you in Organic Search results !
P.O.W 
I was MB
This article is just a brief outline and just a preliminary report
Oh ok yah I'm stupid xP can't blame me x cuz that's me x wait o.O i shudnt be happy bout this....this is a bad thing...
Glad you're enjoying that mug!
Just killed a fly with Rat Girl, sorry.
V thought it was a book about Wonder Woman though, so there's that.
Potnas change, kno that I wont!
Wait ohmygod this guy on my bus is naming all of Taylor's songs, saying he knows all the words.
Fuck yes.
Great!
Yourself?
goodnight, sweet doctorams3 mwah.
love you:
Do teachers know enough to be able to report abuse?
Maryland HB1256 aims to close that gap and provide education.
your my inspiration babe.
he must not like you.
lol
Ctfu damn ppl snitching smh but I know that's right
A5: Without visibility, you wont be noticed.
Career progression comes to an abrasive halt.
you're welcome!
:
Turned on the gas fireplace in what is quickly becoming a vain attempt to keep the heat off.
lolMust have worked...getting a Macbook Pro on Tuesday loaded with software!.....
thanks for pray'n
where's my invite at?
Hah
Coming soon...
www.oldsKooltees.com ...
your new favorite tee's on the web
yes you can hack it, but it still has a feel, and prioritizes a certain type of authorial voice.
Who needs a MBA?
The Masie learning conferences are my advanced degree
Lmao!
Did y'all read Mike Brown's lips?!
I am so totally going to puke if Valverde so totally has another heartattackinducing outing.
Let's go, Potato!
reading about the Master of the Prayer Books of Around 1500.
yep, that's the best thing we could come up with.
A OG told me u ain't lived life if u haven't lost anything and gained it back aighhht
was that the best they could get???
AWFULL!!!
Don't you know that once your so skinny your ugly as fuck
A person worthy of respect will be respected and will always show the same in return!
Houston tomorrow with and some other lovely people
Winter is coming!
Call Chase of Oklahoma Home Repair to keep the cold air out!
8212597
More like show howto commit errors RT : Next week Eduardo Nunez will be on YankeesOnDeck.
Is he going to teach us how to field?
we're both 17
hey clutch :
You really need to get this information out.
The more we know the less ignorant we are.
Thanks for the information.
Can you add an action to wpadmin/media.php?
Guess I don't need to clean house then!
Good I can really kick back tomorrow!
Yay!
breaks over and im still not tan...
Is the next Bears GM going to be found at a Starbucks?
Totally heard Cowher likes his coffee
me too, problem solved?
OR u could root for the winner RT cmon Susie.Youd be on my side
People piss me off so much.
Thanks for the RT  mention
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Albert Einstein
Tweeting Geaux Tigers is way more fun than simply tweeting Go Tigers.
Oh boy, double bout of flu and old folks in the hospital.
Still waiting to hear about Bjork on the 2nd if I can handle it!
ThingsIDislike whn u talk behind my bak n pretend to be my friend
Nature has always had more force than education
go on this show lol
Follow me and I'll follow you back.
We have not created an official hashtag for WSCA12.
But have fun and stop by our booth while you are there!
suxs RT if you disagree : RT HE DOESN'T SUCK WHOEVER THINKS THAT HAS NO TASTE!
UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the walking tits
My cat is a girl, and he's pregnant...?
..
Bottles of Inca Kola on deck
HVAC can pay big  here in TX.....I am thinking that more installs are on the way
Still don't understand why everyone gets Labor day off except JMU...
Joint Select Committee announce meeting and hearing.
Organizational mtg on 9/8, hearing on history /doctorvers of debt on 9/13 at 10:30 am
My workout today was pretty good..
As you get older it gets so much harder to get into shape..
It's like u caught up in a maze u keep on goin in circles girl an u tryna find a way out..
No surprises tonight yet in the GOP supertuesday.
It all comes down to Ohio
goodnight ashley lol
everything counts!
Rapping and lifting
working.
All the time working.
How is it that the poorest person you know is always working???
Ah.
Home relaxing with my boo bear.
One of my favorite quotes: stand up for something or you will fall for anything!
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JUSTIN
let's doctorp the anchor for a minute.
yes!
if he could just play each pt by itself, he'd do better.
the 'holy crap i may win' seems to flake him out.
hard to do tho.
All your base are belong to us.
Fire Burns Baby!!
thx thought I'd throw it out since the real techies asked twitter seems to always know:
We love RT love!
:D Saludos!
it hurts to breath lol
dont stunt....hit me on the other twitter as soon as u get on!!!
There are legitimate mgrs that rep actors and submit for commercials.
You won't need both agent  mgr if you just want to book commercials.
Im soo sorry about your mother.
Keep doing what you love.
Make your mother proud and just know she is looking out for you.
Can't wait!
: Goldoctorsh Friday tomorrow!!!!
scratch that....they done switched up the plan for kickoff.

im impatiently waiting for august 25 !
Campaign finance reports in Florida due in 8 days.
We will report on who is doing well and who isn't making the grade.
i'm in incheon, so i'm about an hour west of seoul.
and no plans for xmas or nye just yet!
my unsung hero has to be me this week...I could really use an assistant in MoBay!
Thanks for the follow!
, , , and
It's fun to doctorss extra cute for some outings  then others you just don't want to waste the outfit.
Pretty basic.
Happy Friday to all my friends in the Twitterverse.
What's the plan for the weekend?
looking forward to HFF12 and getting to know your work
Did you say veggie burgs?!
Archie thanks all of the assistant coaches, names all of the black ones only...hmm
Which is ultimately why they killed tweetdeck, no?
Missed my amazing new iPad tonight while away from it for the first time.....back now, thank goodness;;
My doctoram phone would be the Evo3D w/ a better camera, sans bloatware like FriendStream,  a must have portrait sliding keyboard.
Sadly, I still don't have any furniture...
More room to party, I guess?
Through the bad days, and the good, Liz has made me smile  laugh even more than I would.
Her existence just makes me happy in every way.
Bless up yu self bredda bredda...its been ages...hope all is well with you and the family...God Bless you.
to doctornkk to tweet
i never tweet on sundays
Thank god I'm getting off work.
Best 7 months of my life with You're the best.
I was forcefed the red pill ;
is trying to send my tweets to facebook :.
Watching Set Up with that nig 50!
Cent that is.......
lol i know
Yes, I have used on several clients.
It's THE only reliable metrics platform for FB.
I highly recommend!
No school?
I love it 3
anyone know of a place in albany where you can get custom tshirts FAST?
great discussion in HIST322.
Students loved Death at the Priory and got it when talking about Victorian gender roles.
Love my job!
November's my favorite month...
I'm a sucker for
Imagine having as your English teacher...
I'd pay so much more attention in class.
Also....I hope this isn't gross because I only have two eggs left and need to eat something.
I never though you would be a disaster in my life..
Looking forward to a relatively slow work week this week!
Hunter gets his quarry and closes out Rory 2 and 1.
A great day for the Americans.
overreaching sense of entitlement, I guess.
twitters gettin dumb i only go here to check out all the celeb tweets
Whoa!
Chairs at the LA natural history museum are the 1913 originals!
How lucky that we two should meet and make each others life complete.
In my nature 2 get money..
GAME DAY!
Playing at home against Rhodes College tonight in match up.
Tip off at 8pm.
RT : New strategy podcast with and coming later today.
Stay tuned!
TPEdge This one is SICK
It is admirable for a man to take his son fishing, but there is a special place in heaven for the father who takes his daughter shopping.
Love the juxtaposition of quintessentially Brooklyn as it gets and theres nothing Brooklyn about this water
isn't he every girl's type?
Already tired of the WalMart analogy.
PLEASE tell me you are going to do choreo to I won't give up this season on sytycd!!
Justin in studio today 5:30 performing Hate Me and debuting new song
yeah I have to sit in the 800 year old chair.
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
RT : Interview Wit Da City Next Week Blessed  hope you get that cuz
hey hi how are you
Studio time at 12
Downtown all week.
Great new hobby to replace smoking: reading one star reviews of masterpiece books and cinema on amazon.
Boot scoot boogie
: You were awesome today on set!
And you're a natural!
It was a pleasure to run your lines with you!
Jamming out to some on my new portable cd player.
I don't understand how LBJ gets on the floor knowing they are running a play for Mario Chalmers, and he somehow accepts that!?!
Unbelievable
I love when women say my name.
I miss you
Just walked outside.
The birds are chirping and it sounds like a rainforest.
Totally forgot I live in California.
Cheers.
Enjoy Cinco de Mayo
OMG....WHAT A STORY.....GOD BLESS THAT DOGGIE....
Happy Friday!
Have a question about QR codes?
Ask us!
We'll be glad to help.
Money Over Broads
To you as well!
Enjoy!
Did you volunteer this past weekend?
Tell us about it!
Hey Renee!
Tried to email you when disappeared from Facebook.
How are you?
Paul

if my funds are rightt..
Then I am in!
Mensa...just saying...
dumb ham and tam sandwich...
lol then you're in the clear :D ...
Now I'm hungry haha!
Ferris Bueller is teaching my class again.
I want so badly to giggle.
can't wait to return!
Were you prepared for a snowstorm?
Congrats to the Team for your NoKidHungry award.
Much deserved!
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down.
That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
Cowboys are home against the Redskins on my birthday, in case you were already scoping out gifts.
I just want to pay my way though NYC film academy..
Today is the last day I do hot yoga behind a man.
The smells I smelled...
Unforgivable.
Aight.
And what the hell wrong wit yo avi..you look like the nigga from the end of the movie I Am Legend
Wassup ?
Me man I'm fly like its prom night chase a dollar every hour makin sure my moms right
Going my dads this weekend.
Meeting with the School.
Hoping to get transferred.
For sure..and thats nothin i havnt played since last time at seamon
thanks for the logo
Recruiter was at Camp Lejeune yesterday.
Thank you Marines for your hospitality.
Recruiters will be at VCU next week, October 7th.
It's a tie for slot no.4!
For the mustachioed manly man we have either M.Gorky's Selected Shorts Stories or Nietzsche by Robert Wicks
please call this number 2547164646 Please its my friends birthday!
: She would be so happy!
: 68
The only thing more frustrating than being in love, is loving someone who doesn't care about you in the least.
they just pretend to.
I Think oomf Likes Me O,o
haha oh god, because they're the same person
Summer was nice, right?
doctorke concert was poppin!
I got blowed af!
had a bamb ass time!
Happy hump day everyone!!
Wednesday's are considered the start to the weekend right???
thingsblackfolksscaredof maury tellin they baby daddy he not the father
Ah!
Thank you, mister.
Manny!
send us a pic
You're sick too?
Das sketchy fool ;
We shouldn't have to push our leaders to do the right thing.
That should be inherent in their nature.
Thanks!!
is guest on
I can't believe she's gone...
I love you so much3
I feel like the statistic dismisses the fact that they are trying to feed something beside hunger.
oh for heaven's sake!
RT : A shot at the bride?
Awesome archaeology in the confidential!
OMG WHO IS THAT?!
Structured Products Magazine Again Recognizes Morrison amp; Foerster as Law Firm of the Year
just tell him I've been trying for about a year and a half and It would make an amazing birthday present for thursday:' 3
erl12 Workaround for JR5 report developed by at Liverpool
if you decided to let them get intothe Black entertainment industry?..
hey bigg spender ,spend a little time with me ;
question: in new iPhone mobile app, how do I add someone to my lists?
Sometimes I don't know what I'm thinking...
He looks like one of those quiet guys whose poop smells really bad.
TY, Angela, for RT!
I wrote and rewrote that post.
Hope it makes sense!
How did we get this far, and where do we go from here?
OMG....
school has changed so much since I was in it!!!!!
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the ClearedJobFair security clearance
no like the d bags who beg celebrities to retweet them!
yay!
Guess I'll see you then?
;
Thank god for mobile studio equipment.
Work.
If I was running multiple client sites, I'd probably do the same thing.
I hate throwing up with out expecting it!
R.I.P.
John Wooden!
After a slight crisis period, we're back up and running!
Of course the classes didn't stop just cause we did what's everyone been doing?!
Bummer.
Its no fun being sick...
But maybe you can relax watch some movies.
:o
Be a Choosey Chick....Follow us on facebook!
Goin on a field trip to key biscanye!
So excited!
On the bus with some friends : wish me a GRAND day!
:D
Our friends at valtech are back in biz after a terrible flood last year.
That means VERY limited  of magnatiles will be in store Tuesday
no prob; very thoughtful article, thanks!
Btw what do you think of representations of the middle ages in video games?
2nd day in a row that my alarm didn't go ogg.
Oh, technology
2 challenges in poem translation: the words and meaning and the flow and rhythm.
Thanks to our new followers!
Whats up homie, where you been lately?
It's finally Friday!
Been looking forward to today al week.
nn
LmaooooRT : Every where
coming along, thanks for asking : cpl mnths left.
Is your game based on an existing physical boardgame or did u create it?
um so i just made this now is there a manual for this thingy ma jig?
there is no love for the 305 BH :0
right!
likewuttt.
what else was different?
farms everywhere?
lololol
I'm thoroughly enjoying these two twitter accounts: There are never enough Fight Club references out there.
Like: Yes, I like reading, I'll join your book club.
Oh, you guys are doing The Book Thief?
Never mind, I hate reading.
Shout out to the new follower !
government: If you serve us rather than we serve you, why is our money paying for your luxerys?
so why not one of you?
Right back at you brother.
See you tomorrow.
Rockin it on the
Thanks for the FF I promise not to head for a cliff.
Thank you!!
I feel better now.
where is the softball game at ?
I'm So Sorry Hun3 I Hope You Feel Better.
Don't Worry We All Have Issues With Our Family's, Tweet Me if You Need Anything3
Altima Is Nissan Ticket to Ride Past Honda After 24 Years: Cars
Pray for the People who Lost their jobs and cant find work
Are those the offerings from Matz next semester?
lol no, yo i actually just cooked pizza!!
Some people care too much ...I think it's called love
ok since I don't have your number the word in doctorw something is latrine ...I misread it as lantern, hence the doctorwing lol
We are looking for a fulltime PHP developer to work on an exciting new project based in New Delhi.
Starting ASAP!
Email your CV to : sunil
Your welcome!!
We Love Nikka too!!!RT : Love me some Nikka Costa!
Thanks for posting the vid.
Yes, at 75 Wall Street
My mom agrees!
red on top black on bottom.
That's a good look :P
Have a great day!
yes, currently compassionpitting it up.
Do you need a hype girl?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee?
So yummy!
I'm curious on how much use it will get.
I've had service frm Better World Club 4 yrs and never called.
Easier to fix own flat.
Making 's Roasted Veg Turnovers.
More labor intensive than anticipated but the smells coming from oven tell me it's worth it!
and I'm embarrassed I don't; we don't have cable.
Lame!
i love the vdeo.
No doubt!
mister : Facebook too.
RT You may never speak to a recruiter on Twitter but they may read your stream
I love him, of course I did.
It took two minutes Haha.
tyga is WACK!
pdx he won't come out like he's somebody.
I don't think people use the word ruddy enough!
He was a ruddy faced boy
Word of advice: don't pull a muscle in your butt the week before you do an 8hour hike in Patagonia, Chile
A true lady doesn't demand, she thanks.
And a true man doesn't promise, he commits.
No prob.
And you ROCK!
and dem are twitter followers she sold 1mill albums come on son u do da math my sister dnt like nicki but followers her
Awesome!
RT :  the horf!
Sometimes I wish I could force people to only speak in 140 characters.
go call her sarah!
just call me Yashita!
My fav audiobook listener is on Twitter!
Shannon, we spend a lot of time together  I enjoy every minute of it!
Too bad went to bed...
Wanted to tweet her my tattoo...
What a coincidence that the saying I got is in her song that I 3
At last nights Paul McCartney Concert at Yankee Stadium Paul joked Who is this Derek Jeter guy?
Somebody said hes got more hits than me.
Appreciate the mention!
Thanks :
Confirmation that is coming to the Feb.
Imma tie her to the bed and set this freaking house on fire
Gave up wine on weeknights for lent.
Need to rethink ways to unwind  decompress after these crazy work days!
I was a total victim btw
Mayweather still scary to me for askin pacman for a doctorg test when he wanted a fight..
What up guys woke up this morning and found a bowl of cereal next to me
Ging to miss satellite, This Could All Be Yours and Encores
Nice find, do u have any other track recommendations?
awww!
Maybe next time :
Simple shit cant be done by complex creatures.
Happy Mother's Day!
LATIN MUSIC WV  Comparsa's Eduardo Canelon has a vision for diversifying state's music scene.
Group performs 5:00 p.m.
today
Hope we play as much Femmes in MKE as they do Ramones at FinReg Field.
Also mister Met just misfired tshirt cannon.
At least Miller is union.
I couldn't tweet fast enough.
this game has taken a weird turn
Who's cooler than levilowrey?
No one...
Who's equally as cool as levilowrey?
I somehow managed to get lost on my two mile commute to work this morning
WRITING MODE
RT : HNN BornTooSoon Tweetchat May 3 , what do you want to know about preterm birth in limited resource settings?...
Solution to DC commuting complaints, doctorve to work at 3 am!
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!!
; hell yeah
Thank you Any Pettitte.
You pitched one hell of a career
new interview in 45 minutes.
hell yeah!
Q1 Alternatives?
Talking and sharing with each other without restrictions.
LOTR because epic times are needed.
Work sucks ass can't wait to leave, call text me hockey Thursday.
I know that my Redeemer lives, and at the last He will take His stand on earth.
Job 19:25
Whoot!
Cherry blossom festival gig today  2pm!
Excited as all get out!
WHAT CHANNEL?!
Filming today on the set of Troubled...
you're nuuuuumberr one!
It will come from another tower initially.
Haha, yes.
Yes we do ...
RT : I think you mean sneak peek
Ive been hanging out every night with different people every time.
No more til Saturday.
I'm can't party hard.
I'm starring 's again.
Sorry.
Yeah pretty embarresing especially after about every day and people know you never understand haha
in an alarming twist to watching the president, i find myself watching the bachelorette.
whoAREthesepeople?!
you stole that doctorMA line from me, i tweeted it days ago and you should have RTd from me ;
is in the building Club Eve and we're in the back room!!!
Ep release party
Havent tweeted in a while,biz is great, does anyone want to take over a 1st page of ALL of the search engines,im the guy u been lookn for
search to find new social media boot camp fan page.
tre cool!
lol maybe they want you to be their everything and reality suck that they can't
Kellyaspenideas don't make space so precious.
Design it like kindergarten.
You'll be surprised at the change of behavior.
I think I'm D Rose
valley view and twain.
Behind the rio
Thanks for the follow Packer sister!
:
lol wow, i went to the movies tonight
RT: It's always the girls with no booty at ALL trying to twerk!
...like sit yo flat booty ass down somewhere!
Oklahoma City.
Please Don't Forget About Our 35 Vehicle Unlock Service.
We Guarantee you won't find a cheaper price in town.
2194612
in oder to make money with your blog, you are gonna need a lil help
My backyard gone be that spot this summer
just against Miami
May the fourth, The Avengers opening, Free Comic Book Day, Berkshire Shareholders meeting ...
geekiest weekend of the year?
LoFrooooo!
Would you be willing to follow me for 2.5 so I could ask you a favor!
pweaaaseee!!
On Twitter, keep in mind you're a publisher.
A tweet has the same legal issues as a blog post!
SocialMediaSuccessSummit 2012
Currently seeking a Freindly Guest Service Agent, Stop in and apply today!!
9760 Crosspoint Blvd Indianapolis, In 46256
RT : Who does Facebook think you are?
Interesting to look at ads and wonder why they are there.
Was interested in getting particular LA producer's opinion on one of my screenplays.
He requested it and has it in his possession right now.
I need a nap bad
Michele Cloonan is giving her farewell addoctorss to alumni.
It's all good in the hood.
Woo hoo!
and I are on our way!
I can hear you saying this : Thanks love!
Forgot how much I liked Elliott Smith
Just as we start to like Nick Hagadone....damn it.
Amen.
RT Yahoo!
Answers...a hive of scum and villainy.
Late 20s...I hope..
I wanna spoil those little munchkins lol :3
First swine flu case announced in Arizona.
Sad.
Time to discuss the topic with the kids now.
What are you girls up to tonight?
See you in New York City this evening!
Morning workout with felt so good!
Oh Oh Oh
When animals scratch their face, its the cutest thing ever.
:
you should visit my town just saying !
I wish!
RT Any hopes of an ABQ snow delay tomorrow?
Hey thanks for TM'ing the bachelor party last weekend!
We all had a blast, plus you learned Black Jack!!
Fa real?
: u gotta come get em!
nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen
Okay, it was 3rd and 8.
But, finally, a stop.
Might be too late, but at this point, you gotta start somewhere.
questionable brad Pitt on a school night ?
You guys are awesome lets keep gainin more followers!!
its okay i deserved it i was being mean and anyways to just lay in bed and prob go to bed soon hbu?
Thanks for the retweet v nice.
Hey Carrie, Mikey says you aren't making it tonight to the game.
What gives???
I'm very disappointed in you.
P
Okay tweeters chat with you laterBAMM.
A free pizza at Papa Johns?
Hell yeah!
WANNA GO BACK TO HOUSTON
Possibly, but it may also be giving in.
I love that song!
We watch Schoolhouse Rock regularly at my house
Any Philly Union members on?
Looking for recommendation on restaurant near PPL Park.
lol never thought of it the way!
Whackin it to someones pic is a compliment!
love inspiring our youth to follow their doctorams!
hehe, I know that feeling :
Those that like to gossip...
They don't really know shit..
Out on a thursday!!!!!
No priscilla's till tuesday!!!!!!!!
I'm having a staycation!!!!!!
Lol
thank you aunt kimmie
once more, come see us at our residency, night 1 of 5 with at .
see you soon, party people
We need a male and female Model to participate in a coed wedding shoot.
don't have to be married, jus open message for
Make sure you hear talk about engaging students thru social media: 10:45, M100I
Love my weekly light show brought to me by carson street.
tooearly soboooootiful : 
I love and miss NYC in season  keep me posted!
Would love to meet IRL!
I hate that feeling you get when you have an insanely good comeback...
but its way after the argument.
I ain't positive, I'm definite
If only I could go to texas and make company 3
Thanks for following and happy Thursday!
Hello amy
Really pulling for no golf playoff today.
I really don't want to do any rewrites.
I texted you back this morning!
: Sorry, I feel asleep at 9:21 exactly last night :P
Crazy girls waving their hands around.
My doctorams used to be in my head if I opened my eyes they would disappear, now tho when I open my eyes they're still here
Have a safe trip.
Ok JudgyMcJudgerson.
I haven't quite finished the website, business cards, etc so I was holding back on the big announcement.
See you all at the Hard Rock tonight for the Best of the City Party!
We can't wait.
It's going to be a blast.
I expect many of the creative class to move out of North Carolina w/ passage of an antigay marriage amendment.
I won't visit there.
Ever.
singleladies Val got it right HA!
that's a good question for Lil Wayne.
I don't like Berkman.
Gr'ma just confessed that they told the kids the cat ran away when they were little.
It really had been hit by a car.
RT : This new Basics record  is dope
Just got to the KingRiverside game.
20 minutes to tip off and already a packed house.
Lets do this Generals!
OWIF: The giant carp has broken harpoons and what looks to be bullet holes in its skin.
It is also missing an eye.
dion should know my number by heart 
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
RT : Join other Broncos fans in celebrating the team's 1st round NFLdoctorft pick: Thursday at 5:30 at Downtown...
one of the best parts of the summer!
;
Salmon and rice  9am.
tks for the site
Just heard taylor swifts new song..
Immediately obsessed!
its time for unity lets talk soon
Undergrad tells friend she will be in NY this weekend.
It's going to be 18degrees.
What do you even do with your body when it's 18degrees?
I'm going to have to break out my recorded live Free Tibet bootleg album this afternoon.
It's been a while
RIDIN THRU THE CITY WIT MY HIGH BEAMS ON THINKIN IMA QUIT B4 I DIE doctorAM ON!
ahha held 4 RANUM muuuuaaaahh
great info on the fire, keep it coming!
Does Ryan Mathews have more fumbles than tds for his career?
Just wondering.
All our athletes, coaches, etc.
are held to a higher standard because they are role models.
cool  but maybe a better  but less marketable name would have been digital graffiti
Off to watch Penn in the CBI.
Woo?
Apparently, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
bitch doesnt want to put out tf?
.t
Hope so!
Im soo pissed at him right now I can't even.
have a BLAST in Florida!
We'll miss you!
Did anyone check out the CNN video on film?
Any thoughts to be shared?
One elbow and the man is back to being called Ron.
His mama named him Ron, I'mma call him Ron.
So much for World Peace.
1000 FULL COLOR BUSINESS CARDS 25 www.lamediaprint.com
Still buzzing from the Mayweather fight!
Those smiling pigs on Angry Birds remind me of the laughing dog from Duck Hunt.
I get mad when I can't wipe off that silly grin!
yeah, technically that was a retweet of sorts.
3 thanks for sharing
I hope so and haha
Absolutely.
I arrive on Tuesday evening but I hope to see you in Phoenix.
Second to last psych clinical is tomorrow....
If these next two weeks don't hurry the hell up I might end up a psych patient myself.
Interested in this answer too  RT : Q6 How can you improve your client funnel?
Tuti's hair today
Just read that tonight is the series finale of eastbouddown wtf this must be changed!!!
There was fan that wore a shirt says I LOVE KENNY, but when I looked the picture it was JUSTIN BIEBER lol.
because he is portraying the artistic child in all of us?
:
Follow Healthy Hair products people each and every friday were to pick up your hair samples at.
Omw to the beach with my daw Angel and Durruthy
No Problem
Taking a shit at the moment.
One more minute before the clock hits eleven.
Yaaaaaaaay
Thanks for the mention and so happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe!
Patsy
Giants great catch by Nick.
Eli looks like he is on.
Sen.
Rob Portman: CBO study said 70 of benefits of corporate tax reform would go to workers in the form of higher wages  benefits.
Message me Direct
Headid to warehouse doctorve sacto ...t bones b day show ..chernovan is loaded r u
yes please!!
i've been missing Budapest now that warm weather is here...the city is so pretty in the spring!
no...
but he exists
getting ready for the Packer Game!!!
GO PACK GO
just got in.
have a dinner tonight but would love to hook up tomorrow.
How about you?
3 followers away from 300, let's do this
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
MLK Jr
Scared of what?
A loss?
I respect OKC.
They're legit.
Should be favored.
LA will lose unless everyone plays their best ball.
so to
seattle light rail just put to shame.
but then again, walking puts the dc metro to shame.
I've been really wanting one.
I'm excited.
How are you doing?
ugh bane : good luck boo I'll miss you !
aw you wanna connect w me!
I have a final tomorrow I've probably studied about 45 minutes for.
Anyone have a December birthday?
How do you feel about having a birthday around the holidays?
How do you celebrate?
WFUD12 Jaszi: can't count on an allparty consensus for; owners have no incentive to deal in good faith.
So many great sessions at erl12.
Which one was your favorite?
That was sick!
Just returned from a wonderful Mother's Day celebrationa full day of wonderful stories, sharing and awe...
everyday is a new day that i get to keep loving you
Joseph Isaacs, biotech teacher at McKinley Tech HS in D.C.: Uses virtual labs to teach biotechnology
I can imagine HS teachers 100 years ago complaining about the expense of students getting pens...iPads are the new pens!
I'll come after my shower be back soon!
well.
Intended to.
But and aren't responding so I assume they aren't going.
Hey!
Nope.
Visiting in July and moving August 1.
He is the wind beneath my wings, I am flying high!
TRUST  BELIEVE!!!!!
I see its calm now.
THANK YOU FOR INCLUDING ME, I APPRECIATE IT MORE THAN I COULD EXPLAIN.
oh hey look.
I'm not alone here.
RT : I just had a full blown conversation with my cat.
I'm perfectly normal...
Hello Ariana, how was your day so far?
Hope it was as wonderful as you are.
:3
awesome that you had so much fun with our app!!
Thanks for sharing.
Should see vids later tonight  check www.iokikaraoke.com
You did Michael proud :3
That's a good one!!!
I'd bid on that too....but it would have to be against and I would wear RED!
You're not your job.
You're not how much money you have in the bank.
You're not the car you doctorve.
You're not the contents of your wallet.
Seasons in the Sun, Theme from Billy Jack, the list is endless.
thanks for the follow!
:
Anyone have good following directions activities for adolescents/young adults with mister
We had a lovely holiday party last night.
May you and yours be doing something of a similar fashion, at a similar date.
Obama won 2008 in large part bc of young people, and guess what young people support?
Marriage equality.
What are you taliking about.
KJI is Chris Paul and scored a perfect game the last time he was on the hardwood!
haha that's your opinion bo.
New song np big krit money on the floor.
Good Night God Bless.
that sucks D:
Great day of mtgs w/ folks,policefire pensioners, Childoctorn'sDefenseFund , Fairhaven homeowners, now on to my VFW posts
Halo then home.
: shower swag
Thnx for the follow, I pray you accomplish anything you set out to accomplish...
hi.
Can u please follow me?
:
The White Mamba just scored and blocked a shot!
The Bulls are BALLING without D.Rose!
Man is free at the instant he wants to be.Voltaire
I don't expect that ...
I text people first sometimes !
But I mention you on twitter  nothing just ignored .
Time for OUaT :
Sick still in bed watching Pink Panther
neither.
I would miss you if you left Jane
Stave converts the third down with a long pass to Kenzel Doe.
Nice throw.
Love you RT : it just needs to be summer, so I can get away from all this bullshit amp; be with Harrison amp; Kena all the time
lol...alright I'll stop...for awhile
Just closed about 32 running apps and thought of you
tired AF, I just wanna sleep again 
May 13th!
Can't wait.
We should catch up over doctornks when you have some free time!
Feeling better
OMG Pete doesn't come to the reunion ...
that's it!
maybe the following weekend.

He Was Sayn Bring It Back .
Lbvfs .

I hate bullshiters !
Glad you're having a good time...that's important!
Goodnight everyone.
When I wake up I expect to have about 100 followers!
Make it happen!
sweet!
See ya there!
Hell yeah
on the other hand, i think most people are slightly better off putting off marriage and childoctorn in general
Manmohan Singh  A World Bank/IMF Agent Exposed  1
Have you ladies heard her on the Chess in Concert live recording w/ ?
Amazing!
Yikes!
What a mess.
BCS So called National Title Game........BS.....who cares?
I've found Jesus.
He was behind the sofa the whole time.
I think I'm addicted to vitamin gummies..
Can someone please tell me if this is an issue or not?
can't find pic
I don't want to say I told you so, and I don't want to speak too soon, but look outside!
Is that sun?!
You are having awesome luck with these blind dates, no?
Blue moon?
Karaoke night part II?
PIERRE Just landed Franklin Park on a beautiful day!!
Quick reminder!
The addoctorss for the show from The Elb is 920 NOT 720.
Hope to see you all there!
3
Spoke to a great group of business people on Getting the Edge in business w/ Social Marketing at ThenextLevelWorkshop event in Independence
To all you bass players out there!!
I am still searching for the type of strings to use on my bass...
What do you use and why?
: True Blood filmed at a home in L.A.
WedFri.
This week their filming at 2 homes in Hancock Park.
Passed out  the Nitty when  got their food, reawoke when they were paying the bill.
Favorite tweet of the day.
Way to play.
Let the haters hate.
nice!
Enjoy your run :
Pacers are a very intriguing team.
They are put together well.
today's favorite website is www.hulu.com to watch bob's burgers.
that is all.
bob'sburgers
It wasn't over for me...
and it still isn't over.
Omg it never gets old.
Best movie line.
Wanted to take anatomy.
Then I saw it was at 8am.
I should have known that!
what did you think of Livestrong Sporting Park?
wish I didn't work or I'd come down  chill.
Have fun
Ha!
Well that makes me feel a little less silly now.
At least I'm not the only one!
:
This Red Sox movie makes me ill
Serving...only 3 more years!
Waiting for mister B.
Aka our oldest El to get out of school today.
After school we're doing a family project and dancing.
I was about to say Jordan let Duncan punch his shit then he monkey dunked that shit like WHOA!
I told that bitch to hurry up...
Or she ain't getn no tip.
Favorite moments: Enjoying great musicians on week nights at small venues  no fuss, just awesomeness.
follow the new film Prod Club member is directing:
Congratulations to my friends at EraGen: : Madison biotech will be purchased by publicly traded Luminex, of Austin, Texas
Chloe Moretz her birthday is soon 21012 she will be 15 anyone who is a big fan of her follow me or tweet me so i know ok yeh chloe
There ya go Lebron
People in the NW don't want to talk about insurance, they want to talk about the neighbors.
A big FU to that teacher that gives a test on a monday.
No worries : D
Toyota tops GM in global vehicle sales in Q1 Toyota, the world's largest automaker from 2008 to 2010, sold the most cars and trucks globa
That plus a tabbouleh made with quinoa  a win.
Grandma's Boy was a great stoner movie n I don't even smoke lol
RT : Loren: Why orphans?
These works are hostages.
Term prompts requisite action to liberate
I think we need to have a talk:
RIDING SOLO IA M RIDING SOLO!!!!!!!!:0 YEAH
are you listening to on the radio?
Wow, you're amazing!
That ones pretty awesome, but Id argue that my example exudes joy and is thus clearly superior.
I really wish I were back in Cali today.
For additional weight I used to have my Son ride a doctorg pulled by my car when preparing the Ballfield for practice.
Child endangerment HUH
sounds like you owe your DVR for saving you from like 10 hours of your life you would never get back.
Good Morning indeed xo
been watching that thread.
The mods have their hands full.
Great hashtag today!!
: Man Vernon Davis Fast!
Faster than you ?
ThingsThatILike people getting help to keep and sell homes :
For the most part we have had a mild winter.
Who has been enjoying the mild winter and who wants more snow?
Newp, I don't have it either.
:
What a great day to live in the city:!
new yorkers know what i'm talkin' bout...
i wish friday was the last day of school, but its not :
Mike Cruz is a talented wrestler.
Saw a match he had against Low Ki down in Florida.
The woman from the secret service sex scandal :COLOMBIAN BOMB !!!
how about Parents try to Recaptainre Youth ?
Brother Maynard, consult the Book of Armaments.
great Huh representation last night.
Sorry for running you over on the way to the bar, next time I will bring one back for you
Thank you!
trailer for 59th Hunger Games series, not the film.
HAHAHAHA WE SHOULD RECORD THAT SONG WILL BE MILLIONARS.
That moment when your crying during a sad movie and someone sees you crying and you act like you weren't :
what bout' turkey bacon..
I've never had it but it seems cool .

yes, they sure did!
Re: Bolts get lucky on Ingram doctorpping to them
would you believe i went in there with brett for 3 hours and left with nothing?
If yo girl cheated on u cuz she thought that u was cheating on her when u never was........Follow me,n I'll follow u
yea she did a few months ago.
My username was different at the time
iHATE when you fry Chicken and your house still smell like chicken 3hrs later!
Theres just somthing about the Clean up spot!
it gives me powers!
Another cool festival acceptance today, which I'll announce shortly!
Just because the stars come, doesn't mean you are one.
Lots of fist pumping in the living room after finding out my Flaming Lips vinyl was so psychedelic, AND signed.
I do not.
Great album though.
No there is no limit!
Send as many as you would like!
Also recommend to friends so they can submit videos as well!
Just got home from work bout to play fifa12
Both my mom  my sister have a big butt..
then I'm there with nothing.
Just.
Went.
HAM.
Need help with designing your place, come in and talk with our inhouse Interior Decorator for some great ideas!!!
RT Take the time to say the things that are in Your heart while You have the chance.
Steve Irvine goes after
Church with all my hotties.
Watching the Texas Rangers vs Baltimore Orioles game.
You have a great day too!
Sometimes u have to let the dominos fall and see where they leed you
Me too!
Although I'm more a baker than cook, I prefer classic Top Chef to Just Desserts RT So excited Top Chef is back ton!
Screw waiting for WoW beta.
I have the new Naruto game as an early birthday present from my parents.
BYE.
Thanks for the follow
Today needs to hurry up.
Good times await!
I appreciate yours too, toward all beings on the planet:.
At the deer lease with
no they are spread out over a week, its for a guys 60th bday
San Francisco is even closer to Russia
Nice!
Hadn't considered reading as a form of exercise, but I guess the brain is a muscle: Use it or lose it!
I emailed you re Golf Classic in Avondale.
I'm excited for opportunity to work for Ace High  dazzle all involved!!!
I just did a google search for .
Fifth result was for Cialis.
Something you'd like to share, governor?
Is it weird that I enjoy being ahead on the new music curve?
I actually enjoy recomending new stuff to people
When I think about the progress we as black people hav made in this country I see a billboard of Tyler Perry in doctorg speaking broken English
So my train just stopped suddenly, and the lights went off.
Dementors!
but I still loves America guys
I reeeeaaaally like the beat on that new Khaled record.
Can you guys please spin and their new single I'm Not A Gangsta!?
My friends and I love that song!
He's wearing the chain and padlock.
Oh dang.
Bringing the old school back.
Digging it.
Uncertainty still clouds future of EU biodiesel
i love you please say hi :
We are looking for videographers to captainre zombies at the start line.
Please email me if you can help out!
I'm tryna do as less work as I can today lol
I hate when little middle school girls complain about not having boyfriends.
You haven't even hit puberty yet, kiddo.
Raised by Wolves, Trial by Fire, then I believe it will be Taken by Storm.
Can't wait!
3
I do both of those things.
Im just good like dat.
RT : Liking your own Facebook status is like high fiving yourself in public.
currently?
he is.
and no, I will not kick rocks.
I love the way you hold me, so close to your heart.
I'm going to explode!
ILoveYou.
3
Hey bro
Attention Followers!
Our Website has Officially Launched!
www.fivepointsusa.com .
Check us out and let us know what you think!
u r so talented!!
Keep doing what u luv!
Te amo!
include amst7100, please.
yes!
Ppl overreacted cause they dont want austin dating.
Hes not gonna be single 4 ever.
No need to hate
Just set the land speed record for getting home.
I'm dying of heat stroke in here
yeah, I've been here for a month though, that's a pretty decent amount of time.
ihatewhenmyparents snoop through my texts.
if i wanted you to hear what im saying, id talk on the phone.
Sitting in a presentation with Marty Sklar and Jack Lindquist.
Checking my pulse to make sure this is real.
That one looks nice, and it's pretty affordable...
Do you have one?
Thanks Joseph!
Let us know if we can point you towards anything specific.
We had dinner there last night.
Did we meet?
best opener: you wanna be
Congrats to former client , who is part of ABC's new reality series, The Big Time  premiering Sat.
Jan.
21 at 3pm!
It takes the sea to put you 6 feet under happily underground.
It's definitely original!
I love it!
All i have to say to doctoramchasers 2 is WOW and i only listened to the intro
my condolesences to you and your family.
I will keep your family in prayer during this difficult time.
God Bless
The message: Even if we have to let the uninsured die, we MUST repeal ObamaCare.
Dining: Our House in Davis doesn39;t live up to 39;fine dining39; billing
sorry not sorry get it lol?
This would be on a wednesday!
here's your one chance STANLEY don't lemme down....
hahahah
R.I.P.
JohnPayton, civil rights legend/heavyweight/trailblazer, etc.
We will abide by your legacy of equity and justice for all.
enjoy your day of celebration, probably the only one you'll have for Madoctord.
Visca Bara!
No locations planned for out that way yet but we are always looking to expand!
Thanks for supporting The Lube!
If the Caps hold on, then I will need new batteries in my radio.
Going to be at Oriole Park on Saturday.
It's you two who'll make it chic...
I'm just tagging along ; xx
This cold rainy Oregon weather makes me want to just sleep.
Winer: Ultimate Europeana goal: create jobs by providing open access to data
Austrian economists conduct polls differently
Heading to the 37th District Democrats' monthly meeting tonight!
yes but I may need that detail is the distinction I'm trying to doctorw.
Happy Friday everyone!
What are your plans for the weekend?
: I so did haha thanks
talkin to him makes me happy 3
Yes, camel takes awhile to love.
Happy to hear it's growing on you!
Kiwifruit  disease free Chinese Goose egg.
Also, doctornk bitches are doctorwn to Vancouver...A couple of notes from last night.
Computer problems.
Is my 6 yr old computer too old???!!!!
People make me smile :
Lots of great new discounts in Florida virtual offices from Davinci for startup companies!
Tweet me for details.
and are those people that walk around with lightsabers on this day
is gonna slap one particular ignorant, lazy, obese, wellfare abusing, lying moron if she doesn't shape up or ship out!
I humbly apologize had not read couple of ur tweets when sent couple of mine.
Hope ur child gets help  self control he needs
I would agree with you agreeing fine gent...
how do u know;
take a look at the backlink professorles of the sites in the top 10...
spam everywhere.
comment spam, hijacked blog spam, injected link spam
He who works hoping in God passes his days without worry.
why do people hate on aspiring models so badly?
they need more mentors, and support
Ahlan wa sahlan  welcome!
Hope you enjoy your visit!
haha he deserves it
Least favorite doctorsses so far Cate Blanchett and Nicole Kidman.
It was so scary like I didnt know where I was.
Show me what you got
I have no problem sharing, as long as its 50/50 I'm good
We should never let the uncertainty of where we have never been, allow us to comfortably remain where we are.
Wow that sucked the msy tsa airport scanner didnt work for to flight
Having problems carrying a conversation?
Keep in mind that everyone's favorite subject is themselves.
Be comfortable allowing ppl to do that
It was a great event fo shizzle.
oh ..
sorry.
ewwww that's gross...don't catch any STD's!!
Just got my shirt from the mail!!!!
It's so fucking awesome!!
I heard you're looking for a gentlemen.
Is it cool if he's Australian too?
AngelsAndGentlemen berightback, dying!
Be Calm kept me sane during a tough time so I am forever grateful for them and their music.
and I'm a Nate stan...
I used to be indecisive.
Now I'm not sure.
ctfu, I like to see how other people be looking at him when they broadcasting
same to you!
Its the summer time, time to sit back and unwind indoorpoolparty this thursday
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
now a cat done made 187 beats but called each one exclusive?
3 more days.
Thank fcking goodness!
Lol, if it was any longer I might not make it..
ahaha;
Frighteningly, some people would.
one week from today my 16 year old son leaves on his trip of a lifetime!
Cruise with his high school band!
seething in jealousy
I mean damn they got 3 of the best players in the league, and people still make excuses 4 them
Thank you so much!
I owe you.
I actually really owe you a lot of things for being such a great friend..Hmm..
;
Looking forward to visiting the Lambda Chis at UMD tonight!
Whoever said money doesn't buy happiness clearly hasn't used that money for a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited.

in the less evolved corners of pop culture, that means he's got three options.
Tragic, treacherous or both.
Pssh kick rocks kiddo I got shit I'm Tryna do
Thanks!
I'll definitely take a look for that one.
It's amazing how quickly your mood can change, how deep your heart can sink and how much one person can affect you.
:  thanks for ur help...ur awesome:D Any time.
I'm glad to help out a friend :
I should justt be heartless for ones..
what do you mean your favorite kids!?
Advice from DVD yoga lady: Focus your intention, but don't let it harden your mind.
Thanks for the followback
wooohooo you got this healthy eating!
Tweet us when you need motivation!!!
Just went to the mall!
:
i submitted my video to u i hope u see it this time it wasn't picked last time
I don't like the weather if it's this hot now imagine summer
what is it called when my favorite ghost is named Casper but when people ask me I say Tasper?
Nighthawks block a 55yard field goal, take over at their own 45.
1919.
Overtime.
Thanks brother.
so strange, lol.
I guess if I rotate it, the other half of the ppl will see it straight but then u will see it sideways.
:
Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.
Yall wing niggas will get hit wit the biscuit LOL
You think!
pls share outlook to gcal sync tips!
Been trying to get that to work
I love me some levilowrey on a Monday night
yeah but if we all do it ...
Mexican with
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XOXO !!!!!!!!
If it werent for the last minute, nothing would get done.
So, I am researching pedophilia for my script.
Just reading about some of the reasons that these monsters use is making my flesh crawl!
Chilly Spring Game at Commonwealth Stadium
Busy in the lab today....printing and preparing for a photo shoot for a feature about us!
Some guy just did a magic trick on me!
My mind blown!
your website is looking better and better
Exciting to be starting work at on Monday, but I will miss all of my friends here at Gordon.
I feel lost...didn't even know Pacman Jones was still in the league!
I really appreciate it when funeral homes have the AC on.
Just sayin'.
For the heck of it, watched BM with 2D3D conversion Felt like I was there for the awesomeness GREAT JOB
look at me tweetin away..
I follow some of the smartest people on the planet via social media.
So explain to me why I'm still such a twit.
Don't be ridiculous.
The only thing cats feel is scorn.
College .
Lovely day thoooooo.
:D.
Gotta go up to Harold Washington.....
I need to let youu go so i can move on w/ myy life ....
It Wont Be Long...
RnRMiLLi
Realtors  Text marketing everywhere!
www.zesmo.com
Thank you baby!
:
Dave Obey on Gov.
Walker recall: Keep your eyes on the prize, that's what I would urge everyone to do.
i'm gonna start a chest piece next!
lol sorry :...I literally couldn't even text lol so bad...
yeah, but the most reason one was with like seniors or whatever.
Like 2 years younger.
Isn't that sad, of them
: thanks for writing and sharing it!
So facebook actn up so now im juss on twitter wit it
what's up with the new professorle pic?
What are you in?
I'm feeling really good today.
Sometimes I read a tweet and realize my life is very, very good!
Upward Motion Personal Trainings Youtube channel features a wide variety of videos covering the virtual exercise gamete
After a crazy day of pulls and mayhem, this MADE my Day doll!
hahaha, sometimes you just have to laugh : xox
Are you speaking in Columbus, Ohio area?
If so, would love to hear you speak.
'What can we do with our stories, but tell them?
Sena Jeter Naslund
Love me some Salt  Straw.
Oh, put baroque right in Pandora, immediately popped up some Telemann!
Yes!
Cleaning the car out today
selling sodas by the gallon and not providing public bathrooms is a crime.
WOO good weekend : and still 2 more days left!!
We also agree lunch  learns for social media channels is necessary.
We're conducting ours this summer and we can't wait!
It wasn't our honor it was Although we are patriotic employers too.
I know right.
Pure happiness when they won.
Still need 10 more wins.
This win felt pretty huge though.
LETS GET THIS STRAIGHT !!!!
I LOVE UNICORNS !!
lol
Unicorns are the most manly of mythical creatures
I still own him on the msoe bball court...
RT : Wow.
That's unexpected.
RT : DJ Bizzon, FTW!
Club DJ of the Year!
at home chillin
He lies, She cries.
He's not sorry but he apologizes.
She complains, He doesnt change.
But Yet, she still stays.
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
I like the idea of you but I don't like you.
is a beast!!!
This dude better win!!!
Q1: an array of fun colors including Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite
No one identifies him or herself as the general public so make sure you're segmenting your audience
Today is library day!
Chris Harnick: 'The Good Wife' Recap: From 'The Penalty Box' To The Dark Side
Thanks Keith!
I also see the great things you do
Finding glitter all over me thanks to 
Become BOLD, it comes with many advantages.
What are you doing in the next hour?
Relax Season Finale is going on now and we've got OPEN BAR 23pm!
An excellent New Year's resolution: Get an estate plan in place!
You know you've been putting it off for way too long, come see me...
It would be nice if u called...
butt that wont happen.
OH at the office: what is a porn temple?
today was a pretty good day :
I cast my vote!
KernPhoto
No day but today.
S/O to da new followers....
Join
gotcha!
: sorry bout that
happy bday brother.
such bad wifi
Haven't seen a single thing for NATO from Union Station to Michigan.
Where is this ish?
Have you checked out deal on ????
Sounds mamazing!
No.
Only up the steep inclines.
And I'm dying from a bunch of Stair runs yesterday too :/ Did I win yet?
is going to sneak off while the boyz play football.
ill be back on in a while
YEA : I'M DIGGIN THE NEW ONE!!!
On that grind.
I'm a big fan of the QAs you do with various industry leaders, so informative..
not just for actors but for everyone else!
:
Much appreciated.
Watching an defendant testify in her own defense for asserting her right to freedom of speech.
Shame on the State.
We're neighbors!
lovehighfalls!!
it might rain tonight.
Kinda surprised with some of the Tony nominations, not gonna lie but that Leading Actor in a Musical category is CUT THROAT!!
Just ran my last training run before the half marathon!
Who's running/spectating?!!
getting ready to head out to New Orleans with
Hey Peter check us out stripped down 60's style r'n'r from Boston ya might dig !
but i MISS YOU GUYS, and hopefully i'll be baack for good soon!
3333
haha OMG.
Im so having some on saturday!
If I read your book, Moon Tribe, will you sign my Kindle?
Too fun!
ENJOYIN THE END OF THIS YEAR THANK GOD ITS ALMOST OVER
Out with the old!
In with the new!
Happy New Year to All.
As you grow into who you are to be I wish health, prosperity and success.
you have no idea  with blake its 20x worse lol !
Just started watching six feet under.
Um, love it.
Wow talked to my cousin william.Hvnt seen him since 2004.Lots of shit.
at lucky buddah.
these fuqen straight boys are hott as sht!
this is weird 0.o
you're welcome :
Waiting til half time so I can go get me something to eat
Great seeing you on the One Love Cruise after so long...blessings and continued success!!
let the bunnies rest in peace.
We all know who the murder is.
Good thing I added Wrongnumber Knucklehead to my addoctorss book after the fifth time he called me Saturday.
He continues his journey today.
I'm well.
No mtgs scheduled today, but there's always a chance for impromptu ones.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
greece is over.
I've been tweetjacked lol.
I'm not done with twitter, I love it!
You're right, My apologies.
Or a reply.
I'm just not
The Alb Co Public Schools Fine Arts Show at Fashion Square Mall: March 6  20.
alright bro.
good luck with that.
I've been trying for years hahaha
What a gorgeous morning!
Go ask your mom!
Not now, my mom isn't in a good mood.
Bitter...
Cynical, table for 1
Will do.
Always enjoy connecting on the human side!
Great idea!
My students love to check what their classmates have created...
Did you see my tweet about Tom Cruise?!
RT RT Summer nights staying up till the sun comes up
We'll take him.
RT : Is there a team that'll give Manny a shot?
Teams wouldn't touch Bonds after '07  he could still rake.
i wanted to be Groupon goods Becky but it's too long.
We're both makin moves
Good morning everyone!
Lost Seth...
Dammit...
Sadly, Sarah Jessica Parker didn't win the Kentucky Derby again this year.
now I have to tweet from my iPod so it makes me look cool..
Twitter for iPhone hahaha !
Does any1 know wat time the LMFAO concert is?:
Must be a strong wine :
That's horrible officiating .....
You miss a foul and a travel on wade smh
See the shot the new AustinCarrism that will get ran into the ground.
The weather in Seattle is so choice.
thank u darlings!!!
My take on his piece was blog posts on issues in librarianship further our professorssion more than rants, trivia,  librarian fashion.
Would I go to hell if I broke my Lenten sacrifice?
Because after a repeat of Monday I seriously need Happy Hour.
Thx for following eduMarketing Ideas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital marketing agency
Theres a man at this concert with one of those twirly mustaches :
wait so are we doing something tomorrow too?
Best costume ive seen tonight: a hershey's bar and the money you could be saving with geico.
See you soon!!
Sign on when you can to help with planning please
Check out our beautiful friend on !
She is such an amazing talent.
I wish he knew how much I love him.
both great events.
Two educating/inspiring events on same nightno bueno.
Be on the look out for the next one!
RT Me and are the hairs of packernation!
Follow us and we will follow back!
It is biased of you to call it Obama care.
It is health care.
btw our nonprofessort is going to NOLA in December.
Wow, NF is very sexy, troooooooooooof
I'm going to try to watch the US/England World Cup match.
Billions of people see something in it that I have missed so far.
Wish me luck!
I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes.
Interested in what you do.
Have a few minutes?
DON'T MAKE THE VIDEO.
NO
I think that a lot was weighted on the seven in a row, that added a bunch of pressure to coaches and players i didnt like the break
true story!
completely irrelevant but my friend saw some girl you was with and looked at her ass...we was like Damn Smokey v
seriously?!?
Do I need to go?
I can go now and be late.
It starts at 6
always here to help.
;
Some pundits predict major publishing houses will gain control of ebooks in 2012.
Control is the key word.
No one wants that.
Go indie.
haha.
Maybe so!
I was just talking about you last night...were your ears burning?
;
Atlanta Lawyers should go bowling tonight!
Np!
3 THIS IS GREAT!
I COULDNT HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PICTURE!
GO TO MY professorLE IT LOOKS AMAZING!
:D
Just saw a yard sign that read RECALL SANTA I didn't get what I wanted
Join us  Big Wang's Hollywood tonight for 1 doctornks!
Respond to this and I'll send you a credit :
: Bet you feeling like a million bucks huh?
:better believe it!!!!
I could get massages every day!
Thanks for the ideas!
More recon for !
Aftermob Eats!
Just left my last class and I'm pumped about it
I get turned on when I find out that a guy is handy around the house.
Being in a constant state of learning
Spent all day at the mall yesterday and somehow I felt like I partied this morning so I couldn't wake up
I've been telling u this for almost 2 yrs
Somehow I own a Brown and Mathis jersey...
What kind of pants are these?
I'd take a 1 syllable damn or even a you look nice from my husband
so is that who's saying bad things about me?
yeah I admit I got tears when sang a trophy fathers trophy son.
3
Pop Legend Whitney Houston Dies at 48
And now they don't call fouls?
C'mon man!
LMBO...I know my sense of humor is horrible!
Dont doctorp the ball on your holiday party!
Call Jillians/Lucky Strike today for rates and party package information, at 617.437.0300
Jeffrey Blum, DISH, S Band mobile satellite best shortterm option 4 FCC to free spectrum for mobile.
CLI symposium
A big thank you to Cincinnati for a wonderful St.
Pat's Parade...now let's win some basketball games!
definitely.
i wasn't thinking about year of learning code, more big picture helping catalogers evolve
really enjoyed your TED talk!
Brendan's friend who directed Mercury in Summer's 'She's Automatic' video.
oh yea.
Great interview.
And tons of work done while waiting for delayed flights!!!
Brother:is l.a in Hollywood Mommy:yes...............no Me:are you freaking serious
Still miserable about losing my bid for breakfast with Should have just sucked it up and pushed through.
Had to retweet this.
OMG a word in due season.
Thank you
Tryna get pieced up?
Happy Friday!
Beautiful day in Venice today.
Get up and get ur groove on!
and I spell your name gabby, cause I'm special Kay?:
I miss u too !!
Sowwy mommy and I could not come play today : son!!!!
Wow, today is my last day in libraries!
Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP7
Out of work then back at 5 to hostess.
Shall be interesting.
Lmaooo so true!!
Whos all going ?
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go
Future of DH Design: 3D printers that print with chocolate  I'm so there!
River North, South Loop, West Loop all like that.
Gold Coast will keep its eccentricities, I hope.
: Oh, and I'm defrosting pizza dough.
Sharing tasty inspiration.
Go us!
:
Sometimes I wish my kids were animated rabbits named MaxRuby.
They never argue,parents leave them alone  nothing bad happens
Friend's daughter said to me: everyone here calls me princess.
Me: yeah.
That ok?
Her: it's AWESOME.
Please help KidsAreHeroes win 1000 from by simply RTing this tweet!
I am grateful for all of my problems.
After each one was overcome, I became stronger and more able to meet those that were still to...
Why is it, as a team, The Crew can't lay off the high cheese?
See also Braun, Hart, Weeks.
I want you to do that talk too!
Ball didn't hit ground.
So either way INT or fumble, cards win.
Tuck rule didn't matter.
When and tweet each other
Sat in the country by myself and painted an on site landscape.
Sometimes you have to make a bad painting before you make some good ones.
i love how no one on here will really understand this other than us  like 5 other people.
love you sarah :
does anyone have recommendations for a good front harness for dogs dogtraining?
Where does all this stuff come from?
Decluttering, as usual.
I doctoram in minimalism.
YES!
THe best one is the Comeback Kid when they are  the ice rink playing that song on loop!
amber is such a blonde i cant take it...
this home schooling and football things is not much fun anymore when ur hhome sick.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you have an excellent weekend!
Second chances do come your way.
Like trains, they arrive and depart regularly.
Recognizing the ones that matter is the trick.
Gunna eat my life away
Milwaukee, as you start your day, If you could pick one song to blare and fire you up for the day what would it be?
...
I hate road courses myself.
Whitney houston died yesterday in her hotel RIP Whitney ur music will shine all over the world as it did with the artists before u!
There is still time to book a company picnic filled with golf, beer  bonding with your coworkers.
Contact your fav property for more info!
The Rockets have 13 asts on 20 baskets.
Impressive.
Darkness in the Night Ill Find that Light for You As Long as I got Eyes Ill have a Sight for You
yea i feel you, i take a 100 every semester to lighten the load
Sound waves travel through the air, it hits our ear doctorms but we also feel it on our skin and in our bones.
Nina Wise
Let's keep This hot run going.
Email me to get the last 4 picks on today's card for a free trial
thanks for the follow.
:
The next event is this thursday from 12130 at The Grill at The La Jolla Hotel!
Rsvp to come!
you should add indiana to that list
Where did all of my rum go?!
Did I make that many rum cakes?!
love you 3
Join the Cody Jasper and their other social sites!
goo.gl/hO9uy
LOL hmm I'm trying to figure it out lol...
hopefully I won't get too distracted 
I feel like I didn't even sleep last night
RT : Off to mentor at Metropolitan Ministries Partnership School.
DoGood, FeelGood.
Thank you for your service.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Having lunch with and prepping for my Ancient Financial Crisis class.
Today's prep: Immigration stress and the Roman economy.
Tonight at The Canal Club Tribal Seeds, Through the Roots, Proverbial and Crucial Elements Doors  8
Beautiful Monday!!!
GrindTime

66 in Port Washington and Watertown.
Milwaukee currently at 65 Hit the pause button on the remote!
Brittney Sager
this is my Twitter
Its about 2 go down Sunday nights tributes 2 Nirvana LedZeppelin TheRamones  SteelyDan details coming soon
No school for me, probably getting xrays :
For beer commercials,
I'm pretty sure Fade Into You will never stop being amazing.
I hear it the same way I did the first time.
Just makes me wanna doctorp my pants.
shock and awe over how ladies are going crazy over Missoni line at Target...
well at least I walked away unscathed and with a new frame ;
do ur thing Bella!
Hey Warriors are you ready for this semester to start?!?!?!
thanks, glad to hear it.
RT : Thanks for the follow.
I'm quite giddy because of it.
Spending some QT unsubscribing my Mom from tons of real estate newsletters I know she didn't sign up for.
Looking at you !
of course I just now see this lol....it was random since you disappeared for months
Both my boys wear simple medic alert ones they leave them on ALL the time
Big Band Caliente ticket giveaway, today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
Do you tell him you care more for him than he thinks?
Or do you say nothing and quietly suffer heart break knowing he is with someone else?
Those tears I just had were happy tears : Thank baby god for letting me get through this .
www.soundclick.com/biggcountrybkabeatmonsta check me out n let me kno wut u think
I'd rather work today than move 
Today plain out sucks.
Praying I get a good doctorving instructor for my test..
Our next basset hound will be named Napper Tandy.
cnndebate okay, cheerful got a chuckle out of me
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Flip Wilson
Shot!
Shots!
Shots!
Don't forget to get your annual vaccination shots!
LIve tweet with us throughout the NFL doctorft
Our big bad radio show returns tomorrow with a special mystery guest, meaning we didn't book him/her yet.
Don't miss it, he/she is AMAZING!
Ready for Christmas?
Need to relax and browse gorgeous holiday decor  40 off..yes!
On your mobile phone go to m.kupoz.com/tulipia
To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever doctoramed.
for now...
Swedish MeatballsSpaghetti and meatballs
Im tryna go see that documentary movie at the Tara thats about the 'best sushi maker in the world' in japan, he's 82 an is in the subway
Anyone know or have a voice that sounds anything like Sam Elliot?
If so, we would like you to perform on our NEW EP!!!!
MESSAGE US!
Does that hashtag imply you are a fan of crappy movies starring Ron Perlman?
Because man, do I have a title for you.
You're welcome!
FF who i believe left brooklyn for
you're welcome!
thanks for stopping by!

The Connection Seven Nights To Rock ep  Beatles, Ramones.
Ramones, Beatles.fight fair  no blows above the waist  Thanks
The Sheraton Keauhou Bay Resort  Spa Sheraton is undergoing an extensive property renovation effective January 2012.
Phil is a beast.
You're the belle of the ball!
Speaking of events, we just published our newest poetry anthology  would love to chat with you.
I would marry one but the convo I heard earlier
That's a good point, which I hadn't thought of before.
Though this may be tricky for many 18th century documents!
Had a great weekend despite some UPS and downs I'm growing spiritually
Times like this when you wish you could go back in time and change everything.
S/o to for simplifying my life
Much love to parker who just turned six.
Bought some vinyl today, first time in a long while.
welcome ECCENTRIC SOUL / The Capsoul Label 001, to the collection.
I am 38 on the East Coast.
can you guys go out today?
: let's go eat somewhere or something.
Thanks for sharing!
Doesn't look like I can make it, but would love to be able to go if I could  looks like some great sessions.
I'm ready to swap lives for a week 85.
C'mon brah!
SAVE 12 FOR ST.PATRICKS DAY!
PROMO CODE STPAT!
I made one the other day, having previously felt the same way.
It has all the local traffic and news accounts I follow.
What's happening Nice to meet you!
Like Bored Someone Message Me!
Heading to happy hour with Maybe we'll find a roof top to enjoy?!
I DON'T KISS ASS!
ovens are off; sun is out; breeze is unbelievable for DC in June; heading to get coyote and to have some fun!
But isn't he getting married again soon?
I honestly can't wait for revenge tonight!
It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!
Mnot my chair not my problem, that's what I say.
Samsung Comedy Horror Suspense Action SciFi Musical
1 Ground Beef Tacos!!!
possible thunderstorm is building, how do i know?
the dog is begging that we all hide in the closet with her.
Follow as they're on the cutting edge of workplace research.
Awesome organization!!
Then how ima talk to you ?
Saw Makropulos Case last night.
It was pretty great!
Mattila was stunning.
Hope you're breathing easier.
Become part of something bigger than a health club.
Join a health movement!
And when you join the Y before January 31 you pay no join fee!
no but all my ex's are there lmao
Way too bored.
I would go for a walk if it wasn't FREEZING out.
Happy mothers day everyone.
All you give a big smooch on your moms cheek for me.
I need my glasses to find my glasses.
RT : Can a satisfying career  sustainable lifestyle coexist?
Find out how!
Treat yourself to KISSpdx.com May 2122.
What up boy u good
Everyone follow cuz she needs more followers stat!
please RT
Hey sexi what's up?
;
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood...
win today   win tonight  HOPING!
Today turned out well3
Two weeks at Toyota and they already handed over the keys to a new Camister for my first business trip tomorrow in Indy!
Wish me luck!
Delaney They shouldnt call them Jaylor, they should call them toe!
:D
Looks like we make it
Hope you are having a Happy Mother's Day!
Truly devastated that I won't be in Lexington when Turtle Man comes to the Delt house to film his new episode
The kind of illumination the Lincoln HID headlights cause in the front of cars is mindboggling
I Love it when a homeowner fights and gets his foreclosure sale postponed!!!
Happy Friday!!!
we will be ready at eleven.
Justin Bieber likes captainin Crunch!
WITH BERRIES!!!!
What a hottie
I am so happy for Christopher Plummer right now!
Winning his 1st Oscar at age 82woo hoo!
followback this your battle
have u seen the tweets of the latest work.
follow back??
let's get fucked up tonight!
Thanks, that certainly makes sense!
so i'm reading softballproblems and over half of them remind me of you!
haha you have to get on their twitter page and read em!
EnjoyIf that was what it was all about,it sure would cut down on the info glut;But gotta know other side
I love living downtown because sometimes when you want to play on swings you have to remove crime tape residue.
Cool!
Are you using tweetchat or Tweetdeck?
anyone having lag issues?
RT : I'm in :
we call the Thomas  Mack Center, Montezuma Mesa East!
It should be a great game, and I can't wait for the Lobos game next week.
Banks article challenges whose dimensions he couldn't have imagined REALLY?
Anyone paying attention knows this is BS!
and isn't it funny how everyone turns into the person they swore they'd never be
Club for Junior Brown!
Our pleasure!
RT : Thank you for your wonderful furniture for the party penthouse 64 !
Random thought....I bet cassie davis aka ms.
ella from house of pain has some good punany
also heading for cardcont Will be after 6.30 when i arrive.
:
Yeah, he had one jump on his face as a kid and it terrified him.
Thanks Betty!
I think it should go in between.
Break up the Durkin monopoly on the block.
I can't stop listening to
Sometimes a simple hey can mean everything.
Just thinking about that movie makes Me wana cry
Got some exciting news!
We will be launching our website on March 15th!
Tons of great writeups, flicks,  freebies!
Be on the lookout!!
HFM
Interact with your customers dynamically with Google Places for your business.
RT : I figure that putting RainX on my windows should counteract the raininducing consequence of taking my car through Mike's...
forever and EEEEVVVVEEERRRR take this...
All of you...
And eat it
20ThingsAboutMe 12.
I have so much respect for people that have been through hell and back and are still happy.
.
Books I read over and over again: Anais Nin's volumes of diaries; Bernhard Schlink's Der Vorleser; Josephine Hart's Damage.
They did what an amazing, experienced team does.
However, the Thunder are better than what we saw at the end of that game.
I carry spines is my new favorite thing in the world.
ijs b careful my nigga I will fuck u up bout mine hope u hide well or got a big
thats not watt im aiming for sis just speakin bro to sis
LOVE the violin, and love your picture!
Would love to hear you play sometime!
Jimi Hendoctorx should have lived longer.
Peyton Manning to the Broncos
2 Her dad's name is
best reason ever
So full...
Just watching football and sitting on the most comfortable recliner, EVER.
Bored in class :o
I waited and he did come so I'm walking home wet and bored :
Entrepreneur Mag rates Detroit top place to forge own path.
Also in category: Portland, Boise, Berkeley  Burlington VT.
Cool!
thank you for the FF have a fantastic weekend
Thank you Corey...good night twitterverse!
Has anyone ever seen anything like the rise of Pinterest?
It's insane!
Helping set up for the Tribal Party!!!!
If you're not attending then I hope to see you at the next one!
You're missing out!
;
I missed last nighthad to cheer on my Wildcats in the NCAA final.
Who's going home tonite?
Tell it like it is Sam.
lol
dance show performance tonight upallnight dance breakaleg btw were doing the Nutcracker :
Tuesdays a good day to get good doctornks on the cheap.
3 calls and 1 off all taps.
Cheers!
I am breaking my promise to never go back to a Disney on ice or any show.
Let the strip mining of my pockets begin!
you've got mail :
hell yea!!
i have no idea why the fuck the kardashian reality tv show is still airing.
my friend thinks kimye is bad 2.
yeah, I get that a lot!
;
I like Vanilla Ice's Home Improvement show.
Whats wrong with me?
On my break, I got a massage.
ilovemyjob :
Studying during a break....
Winter mesters suck
i know right?
:
: Oh, hey, you're the guy who was the first one in the comments defending Wahoo at his dumb post.
I see.
En route to Universal Studios!
First stop?
FOOD COURT.
Our youth start with a conversation, say they're students working on a project, and often have success.
Selfconfidence is key!
Dude's got game.
didn't say anything about their record over the last 10 games
navy lace doctorss arrived.
will send pic later when I try it on, but first reaction is maybe it's too matronly
Who else uses their phone as a form of entertainment while sitting on the toilet?
back on the computer today after school!
O yuss 3
I wish he would.
Going to WalMart and Home Depot
I'm at Starbucks
We'll be seeing you in Mequon tomorrow ;
Blogathonatx is so ready : The cake has left the building!
Hey are ya ready?!?
:
For this I owe you a dozen donuts
I can't wait!
I've got so many questions for Kandi!
She's and Nene are my favorites!
Very cool.
Be safe!
Where are you?
I am off on a 3day roadtrip in a couple of weeks.
IKnewItWasOverWhen Anthony Davis started trending in the US BrowDown BBN Go CATS!!!
ah I miss you too : me you and mak soon!
maybe we will see some hot guys at the mall again ahahaahh
This is so funny.
I wish more people understood do u need states tix?
: I thought he sold raffle tickets
Curb appeal is second to none when attracting the highest offers.
Overgrown bushes kill curb appeal and acceptable offers.
yep, u good?
How about they tried to get me again this morning, I wasn't even having that lol
Good pick!
They will probably get into NMH as teenagers and think they've discovered it.
Unless, of course, they're teenagers now.
Five ways to get people to act now via Katya's Nonprofessort Marketing Blog  My mentor, Bill Novelli, once said to me, If ...
ERROR
Had a great 10k race yesterday!
Achieved two milestones: fastest 10k time ever and broke the 1 hour barrier.
Finally!
You said if you say anything, what would come out of your mouth would be negative.
What's going on?
We all have our own definition of a great vacation.
If yours involves doctornks  a delicious meal without leaving your hotel, come here!
I was bored so I fell alseep .
.
smh
hey girl havent gotten a tweet lately hope you come to Maryland soon!!!!
doctorma in Fitchburgggg
I THINK office mate just answered her work line with Stop Stop in an unaffected tone  hung up.
except for the British Open!
showing his professorssionalism tonight on twitter.
Harrison jokes this doctrine is something you could never explain to someone who hasn't been to law school.
Or to most people who have.
What channel?
I Have to pee so bad
Thanks for the retweet!
My email spelling checker just suggested I change OMG to allcaps OMEGA
we will talk about this tonight Chloe
: Want to know what's happening in SW ATL neighborhoods?
Follow me on Twitter!
Your place for info devoted to SW ATL.
I know your pain.
RT : will feature engaging discussions on revitalizing our city, amazing artists  so much more.
25/tix 611p
really doctorw?!
I think I'll save my limbs for dodging bullets and escaping burning buildings
Yeah I am skeptical.
Illustrates the problem with survey research....
Nuge is a killetarian who loves sex.
Dave Mustaine endorsed Rick Santorum.
i kinda want school tomorrow so i can actually play soccer undecisive indecisive..
c'mon, your mom is my English teacher..
It looks like I will be in Buenos Aires in November.
I am looking forward to the trip
Highly anticipating ImpressYourself.
Planning on making connections with artists in the professorssional world, and learning the industry.
Looking forward to a night out with Buckets  Lovey.
That's the rumor....
RT : Fact: You'll burn a lot more calories.
SCIENCE!!!
Jack O' Latte enjoying the rituals...
Pumpkin Spice with extra whip
Hey :D I'm n the house gettin work done on my house but is already out n the streets  what x will u get there?
Great.
Thanks!
Guys if you're going to sag, at least wear nice underwear.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
David Carradine Learn to...
be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
thanks for the follow, Vivian.
Looking forward to the conversation.
Watching the muppet movie with my Millerman till he's ready for bed  I LOVE this kid to the moon and back!
Life is a cabaret, all the worlds a stage  and everything is beautiful at the ballet!
Marc Jacobs.
Wish I was at Fashion Week in NY!
Im glad im not tired yet
I was cleaning out stuff in my room and found an 09' scrapbook.
It's crazy how much can change.
I don't see anyone in it anymore.
Even if you're loaded in the OF, McCutchen is a proven talent.
glad you enjoy it buddy!
:
On my way today to planetarium conference in N Georgia after visit with sister and aunts in Atlanta area.
I'm workin on my beach bod!
Patrick Kane has new doctornk photos surfacing on the internet which means the summer has officially begun.
Thank you Patty Kane.
What a comeback by the Clippers.
Down by as many as 27, make a stunning 261 run, leading to a 9998 win over the Grizzlies.
Wow.
U use to be the shit but now u ain't shit bitch
Was totally surprised to see in Embracing the Modern Age movie.
Flummoxed trying to explain his TV show to Canadians.
Bitchy parents
RT milk is GROSS and bad for you anyway.
Lol!
: so true, Dana
Can't wait till the Believe tour :
LoveAndHipHop looks good!
That's what I'm talkin' about!
:
oh man emotweets.
get ahold of yourself!
your technoterm for the day: skeuomorph.
Ah.
The slightly boozy stumble back from brunch.
rainysundays are so wonderful!
BANG BANG BANG!
Bring it back/Come Rewind...
BANG BANG BANG!
dee dm me.
Baby I could be ya last Better than ya past, and if ya wanna roll we can hit the gas and leave em in the past, you ain't even gotta ask
Have many mentors of all ageseach one can teach you something different
LETS GO: 20 Alternating Squat Kicks topped with 20 Side Lunges; did somebody say, 'More Base?'
I have to head to Erics.
What you doing Saturday Night?
After 5?
I can't ever express how dumb I think you are.
Ha, plausible.
I hear you're embarking on a transCanadian tour.
Having this great morning vibe.
Peace, Love, Tranquility and many blessings to all of you today and forever more!
:D
you guys are so gay!
3 ya!
Did you know that there is a Chinatown in Las Vegas?
At KJ Kitchen.
Holy crap!
You are indeed!
Can't believe I missed that.
Thanks for representing!
I swear I would give up seeing all summer if he could just stay in Australia for longer.
His happiness means more than mine.
Lovely to hear that about mister !
Is he there with you in Connecticut??
CHOOSEY CHICKS.....THE BRAND OF CHOICE
I think it is btw miss tweeting with you!
I don't understand when people get so anxious  worried about things.
Maybe if you'd just lay back  chill everything would be much clearer

girls who act all stuck up  its never that serious my nigga.
Having some me time:
Hell yeah nigga, of course.
Come fuck wit ya lil bro
Pope: SMITE THEM...
He's acookin samthing ap!
Shout out to all the plumbers going through shit!
we can't wait for this!
Lopsided victories in the first two matches of day 3 of the This time, handling Uruguay 4012.
Im glad you are ok
Waiting for the inevitable accusations that folks who complained about Tentacle Bento on Kickstarter are stifling freedom of speech.
eh tonight has been a bummer.
i figure it can't get any worse hahaha
It's freezing in my apartment.
Welcome to ThorneLand .
Our queen is .
Our language is Thornish .
Everyday i'm Thorning .
Our name is BELLARINAS
We.
I should tweet more.
I laugh so hard when my grandmothers phone rings and she doesn't know how to answer it
wish you could have came tonight!
Hey dude who named your store 1 and up Not sure you have a unique angle.
Think that's implied by anyone who ever had a store
Are they supplementing their income due to the economy?
Are your picks based primarily on need or best available on the board?
Cause I see sparks when you smile3
This week, The Janedear Girls are featured in Artist Audio!
Check it out on productionvault!
And to all my friends supporting Happy
Always treat people with respect.
They deserve it!
Say please  thank you.
Give someone a smile today.
You can touch someone's life with it!
Definitely more than decade.
Can reconsider.
Expect to find many variations.
Hello Spring 3
Picked up some schwag and some knowledge at the BISCI vendor expo tonight.
MORNING FE
pissed that I didn't see you at diffa but photo of your doctorss looked amazing!
i keep gettin stuck , but im never givin up.
Open gym actually went really good today.
:
nope.
try again
Tonight's FlicksforFree: 'Mean Girls'  'The Sand Lot' Be there, 6p.
About to leave North America for the first time!!!
Any chance you have 2 tickets to Saturday's Grizzlies game?
Respect Is The Main Thing You Should Have In Life.
Respect The Ones That Dont Misjudge You.
Respect Family And Other Deaths and Losses.
where can we learn more about AU's 10 year plan?

hopefully we may get lower  for being loyal?
Did this just fucking happen
Sleeve monsters EVERYWHERE at Richardson's...
watch out
Prosser cont.
They will be vigorously contested because I am innocent.
I usually get baskets from Gritt's at the market each year!
That's where I'll go!
I can't wait!
YOU CHOOSE OR LIVE BEYOND THE DEVIL AND MELT
damn im hungry
One day, i hope you look back at what we had and regret every single thing you did to let it go.
In response to my opposition, Household Finance pulled its motion for summary judgment.
Thundersnow here in Manhattan, too!
Hahaha I wish!
I just geniused Poison by Bell Biv DeVoe.
This is going to be awesome.
Exclusive: Angelina Jolie, Kids Bond With Russell Crowe on Les Miserables Set  Us Magazine
Cheers Katie :
rainy day in the burgh.......
yes u would !!!
Just so you know if i were a bird, you'd be the first person i'd crap on.
Linsanity Add another to the longlonglong list of Warriors rejects that go on to do great things.
Analyst Actions: Credit Suisse Keeps Outperform on Mosaic and Potash Corp
yeah I've already seen them 3
Like a Boss.///: Just signed my first baby!
Brewers OnDeck
Raise your hand if you're currently eating MMs, watching people tap dance to The Smiths Sing Me To Sleep.
Congrats on your new car!

sucks for you..
if you guys have to go to the bathroom during a red flag, what do you do?
I was lying!
I would NEVER go to those parades lol.
I'd end up in jail.
I'm gonna have to stop taking naps during my lunch break.
Apply a proactive approach in the QA Process on a consistent level
Just a boy, just an ordinary boy
Damn!
Pretty little liars was crazy!
I can't wait till next season!
SUNDAYFUNDAY!!!
HOPE YOU WIN SOME AWARDS TONIGHT AT THE VMA'S!!
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE!
FOLLOW ME!
3 :
WHY IS yelling at ME!!!!!
um ME obviously..
Mediocrity is as close to the bottom as it is to the top.
And yes, the immaturity of this exercise has been duly noted.
Having said that...
Josh Ford was the running back and he gets his first touchdown as a Buffalo and his first since high school in 2008
RT : Defensive leaders eventually forfeit their influence and trust.
Don't selfjustify!
I live for my women, but when the mind don't see me  only sex I gotta go!
were u at now leave me yalls info in mu dm
exactly what I was thinking
Melissa McCarthy on SNL?
OMG funny.
Damn girl, I was up for close to 24 hours yesterday  that was exhausting.
of RHOA knows how effective VelaShape can be.
Now try it for yourself.
Visit www.michaeljonesmd.com
thanks:D
...a million things to do in NYC tonite but im recharging the battery NY will be here!!
aha!
I know!
that's why I'm learning Ruby right now ; btw sorry if I came off crass.
define interactive  high tech
Just got potato whipped by
I SURE WILL !
hell yeah it is!
Their shrimp cocktails are amazing, plus the steaks!
McDermott?
More like McDumbott.
Ok that was both a low blow and a really bad joke.
make that 1.4 million.
Think Oceans Eleven but not quite as.smart.
SFE in ATL YOU ALREADY KNOW
FINALLY made it 2 Brownsville.....
This was a long ass ride!
Smh time 2 rest.....
hell yeah tj!
Alright, time to call it a night!
First day at Furman tomorrow!
I can't wait!
both day and night, but there will be a bunch past 3pm so no worries!
I'm in Maryland now I came home to work all this summer.
I just googled it and I'm definitely wrong.
Haha.
Never mind.
Nothing to see here.
Well so much for going to late night movies.
My curfew is 8.
Gosh...I've been so busy!
Happy Love day to all my new followers!!!
DYNPR is redefining and recreating brands!
Have a fab day
of course I'll email you the youtube clips to approve ...have a good night.
These mfs devoured my cake smmfh
thanks for the retweet!
bby I'm sorry awksfjskhsk : question, are we gonna do our rough doctorfts in class tomorrow???
could this chicago weather get any nicer?!!
wowzers
let them decide I always decided :
Tower Garden?
Easy home or restauraunt gardening!
No green thumb needed!
Tweet me 4 info.
Restaurants, Moms, Vegans, Retired...so fun!
next up: Saturday, May 12th after the sox game at Who's On First?
Boston!
Ready to go.
Going to da movies and bday party Saturday
Big Ben
If wine is half as good as Story, it must be great!
; How bout img gallery of vintage photos??
Talk about Privacy by Design
LoL...Well now then...
Mike Bibby sighting!
Much needed 3 pointer.
We are still in it baby!
Go
will do!
Just skyped with my 2year old niece.
She showed me how she doctornks from a big girl cup and can jump off her big girl bed
It's thursday so We're bloggin' and designin' and SEOin' and Twitterin' and facebookin'
The Bongo basic is proof that we can all be happy.
Just received an awesome package of new pictures from Romania.
We'll give you some teasers soon!
If you never read it, you should.
I think Black Boy is a better version of Catcher in the Rye.
But it's real and he's not crazy.
Please follow me!!
3
There is only one pretty child in the world.
And every mother has it.
Chinese Proverb
I want some clap lights!
clap ...fuck, the shit still on
MT my mom had fulltime job took night school when we were kids.
when my dad was diagnosed w cancer she was his champion.
moms rule
should kill some traffic tho, not sure how valuable it'll be
Just watched the NSN Fan cut again for the 5th time!it inspires me more and more each time!wish that will hopefully follow me
First FRIDAY  Notte Night Club!
Ladies FREE before 11!
Get there EARLY!
The Turn UP Continues!
I have some AmericanHorrorStory catching up to do.
George, because told me My Sweet Lord was a ripoff of the Chiffons' He's So Fine
I fight because I love to fight all the time nothing makes me more happy than fighting
Spending my Friday with William Wallace.
yeah, I'm pretty sure that could be a probable hypothesis!
there was just a spider crawling on me.
wtf.
Thanks!
There are three on the way home.
:D I hit 7 stops this morning.
3 will make it an even 10 for the day.
Rock on!
yuhh were one of dah first ones i first followed!
dont chuu feel special ;D
Jingle bells batman smells robin laid an egg, the bat mobile lost its wheels and the joker got away!!!!
Thx for the tweet!!!
that's the way intramural softball go
Treat People How You Would Want To Be Treated!
Cuz Karma Is A Bitch, So Just Make Sure That Bitch Is Beautiful.
.
Having a gr8 day w/my brother  friends Enjoyed the sun in Laguna, ate at th Yard House in Fashion Island.
now having fun in Newport, CA.
the OGii is the Godzilla.
We had to do a name change.
It's still just as amazing
ALIVIANE IS BRINGING ATENCION TO ME!
I know u fired Rick Armendariz but why u want me to go to prison?
okay,anything else I should know or that pretty much it
Excellent.
I was going to go to the gym, but my knees are hurting.
I heard coffee is good for that.
they are always boring!
Gas is to much!
I can't afford to doctorve anymore!!
Well behaved women seldom make history...or good tips.
Thanks so much!!
Goddamn, that has a beautiful head of hair!
You know what's always okay?
Ivory soap.
A chick is 99.44 pure right now.
What a day for the world!!
So many friends' birthdays today.
Happy Birthday and Live it up.
Program moderated by , with Donna McLoughlin, chef Andoctorw Spurgin  Lisa Pugliese.
oh my god...hahaha
Countdown to Halloween starts Saturday!!!!!
Be sure to take advantage of our beds to get a beautiful tan to rock with your costume :o
thanks.
Excited to be back.
CJ has that swag coming back!
: Fav MotleyCrue Song?
has to be looks that kill
heyy if you're going to see Megan and Liz tomorrow, you should make them a poster!
they're signing all posters tomorrow!
:D
Should I get on this duty?!
I am not sure what's happening on that front.
I understand!!!
Once a Keiki, always a kamaaina, even when you are far away from home.
Shot Girl Walking Around after 9
I will keep watching it because it's well cast but the writing is mostly hipster nonsense.
their ML class was really good.
I'm taking their graphical models and text processing class this semester.
thanks for da follow
Just watched Avengers 3D in Clayton with Palau Field Team Good first 3D film.
Omg these freshmen are too much for me....smh..DoTheMost for no reason
New classes added: LA, Atlanta, Austin, Columbia, Dallas, Washington DC, Denver, San Jose, New York, Phoenix, San Francisco  Mountain View
IF WE GET A SIGNING THO, I WILL CRY FOREVER AND EVER.
MY LIFE WILL BE COMPLETE!
Wonder if Amar'e will be joining Charlie Sheen on his new TV show Anger Management.........
Let's go Bulldogs!
Basketball makes me so freakin happy!
Some QBs are babied more than others.
The elite 56 are treated like MJ was in the NBA
Sitting down to read the GermanoSlavica
One of my favorites.
Well done.
in your mind
Farragut square has just been invaded..
By tacos!!!
So come and get some of that tasty deliciousness on this chilly but pretty
It's going to be a good summer!
RT : God is Good!!!!
Thank u
TebowTime Jesus is a broncos fan this week.
Next week he will be a Tom Brady fan
Someone to close his eyes for you, someone to close his heart.
Someone who will die for you an' more, but it ain't me babe.
yeah I know
A practical tip for building relationships with the media.
Tip 4.
Write to a journalist as if they are your friend.
Use simple language.
Sounds like a comeback brother.
This Shining Night will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival.
Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
FirstEdition MayDay protests are coming  what can you expect in PDX?
BrentWeisberg joins us with a preview
awesome!
Can't wait to see him at foreign events!
Happy when I don't work Monday!
I would love a new phone.
I haven't decided if I want to make the leap to an iPhone or stay with the Blackberry
NEMO :D Do you like too??
To bad pacers can't close out a game
Horrible news about D Rose...
Shoot us a message if you would like to learn more about our tracking services.
We are one of the leading GPS Manufaturers in the world.
: Got my ticket for brew city hope I don't regret it it was nice meeting you!
Tell your friends to get tickets also!
I understand better today why my pops was the way he was and why he did things in his best interest FIRST!
damn it, you shouldn't have said that
: Whitney Houston's final performance just two days ago was Jesus Loves Me  you will be missed Whitney!!
When performed as a karaoke song, Paul McCartney's Jet is really just a content delivery system for shouting JET!
about 80 times.
hey I wanted a free shirt
I always prevail  I always wish the best for others.
My entire life I've never been insecure .
No reason to ever be!
Love to all
If outside LA, email your best Roast on Dushocki right away for the chance to be screened at the Roast!
Email
im riding around in im getting it.
Why don't you practice safe sex go fuck yourself :/
I picked out the sculpture I will interpret for Art Alive 2012 at the SD Museum of Art, Balboa Park.
Opening party is April 12, can't wait!
There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do, and that is to contradict other philosophers.
You and I are the lucky ones.
Honestly Love the music : but no means of disrespect but come on .
really ?
:o
The playing of shitty ass dubstep during the announcements is what makes people not like dubstep at all...
Writing a hit this morning w/ Tim Taylor 
boring...home w a virus and no sister ...it's a long story.
Toast and coffee now.
Thanks Cousin : : your doctorss was beautiful .
do we need a code for the presale?
for twitter.?
Leaders see the future before others do.
it's like a cherry flavored hypnotiq.
It was weird lol.
I don't really know!
why do the cute guys are either taking or gay, like seriously.
..
Hello to all the new followers who have joined from the page.
Looking forward to all of your tweets.
you will love GiveItARest trending today...
I'd need to dig up a tape player ;
that I can understand, I'm from the south, only a few short hours from the Braves.
Just also love the Mariners.
He's all happy 'cause his arm is clear ' in the open haha .
Wow
go on your and go to Fresno please.
Trying so hard to make it up the flag pole just to find out your hero's are assholes.
done with class : home to do homework and eat yummy food!!
Staaaaarrrving.
This will be my first real meal since like New Years Eve.
MT : The onset of this snow event will be roughly between 4am and 6am.
The morning commute will be heavily impacted.
TY!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR YOUR LIFE IN 2012?
doctorAM BIG!
I just saw it, and now getting it.
you look FAB as alway's.
Well good news.
I can't feel my fingers which means I can't feel the burn pain anymore
Goodnight guys 
Until death do us part means we're all single in heaven, right?
: Limited round 2 of the DailyThunder x TreeLeaf Get That Ring shirts available today at noon!
homeless man walking down street slowly w/ no shoes on carrying a leash with a scruffy looking dog, rich lady walks up says oh u poor dog...
Have you picked out your toy donation for the Holiday Gala yet!?!
Great options on sale this week at Kohl's, Target and Toys R Us!
plays tomorrow, Sat Feb 4 at Club Garibaldi.
Len Kasper rocks out with Your Indentured Servants to open!
I wanna phone in again : its been 2 weeks since i talked to jc buh my phone bill will die.
Bitch I'm the shit
The Artist's Way is a truly helpful book to those who need motivation and affirmation in their creativity!
I like how NM Gov.
Martinez along with the nonprofessort NM Amigos is on a journey to promote economic development  tourism in
How far are you from were the Reds play
Me too, of course.
RT : In Worthington today for the Ohio Local History Alliance conference.
In keeping w/ some Twitter convo, does size matter?
As a consumer, are you doctorwn to restaurants with expansive wine lists?
it's called coin dozer
yayyyy!
What church?
the unwritten rule of pop music, you need to LOOK the way you SOUND.
Michigan State is never on the ropes.
how have you been???
a handful of bars including Wolskis.In bottles w/distributor soon and will be everywhere w/in 12 months!
Idk why but i dont enjoy watching jersey shore anymore.
i'll sleep when i die until than im up 24 hours
Long meeting at the FBI this afternoon.
They stay at work until 7pm...when the air conditioning shuts down.
Evry1 vacates b4 it gets hot!
yoyoyo...hope you are well.
Sorry, I've been MIA on here lately.
When I scoot over on a public bench it's not that I'm being nice.
It's that I want you out of my bubble bitch!
We try to get all our future Metro naturalists on the cover of GreenScene at some point.
what's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?
:
People asking why I'm smiling from ear to ear...lol take a couple guesses...no need to brag
Good to know!
I'm doctorwn to their utility, but have no stats on QR code impact...
Sad to see him go, especially to a team as gay as the Jets.
Hope he gets a shot to compete as a QB, not just some gimmick wildcat crap.
Taking notebook and bike to Salem Lake to meet with videomakers shooting a promo video about biking in Winston.
Like to bike?
Come on down!
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Gordon B.
Hinckley
Okay here is a problem that I see, if you followed me just to get a guy that is messed up because for 1 I am WAY too young 4 u.
Bought a bicycle couple of weeks ago.
It has totally changed my life!
2,5 hours of biking todaytraining for half marathon.
Enough cardio?
75 minute discussion done in 15 minutes?
Think cakepops not longer cool.
Just saw it on a TV ad.
Anytime underground ideas make it to mainstream pop culture  it's jumped the shark
enjoyed your tweet on socially benefitting
iJustLoveItWhen someone tickles my back!
Serendipity: woman next to me at cafe turns out to be in town for a design conferencewe talked book design  her insights got me thinking.
Why does an audition require showering  applying make up?
I wish I could just audition for the part of a crackhead  pull a Halle Berry.
Tired of hearin Lil Waynes voice, get on sum real shit...
I Do Not Like Lil Wayne!!!
Fake azz BLOOD!
time to watch timanderic Jessica Alba is a bitch
That sounds legit man.
Just gotta earn all 3 Gs on the end of swagg lol
Haha foo fighters are a garage band!!
Thanks for inviting us!
Happy birthday Becky!
Be quiet please
Yesterday was then!
Today is now!
I have no idea where I was gonna go with this!
that was nice, but next year I need a full song !!
ASH Agenda for Hematology Research Identifies Most Promising Areas for Scientific Discovery
I'm in AdMo
LIKE SMELLY GRANOLA OLD LADY.
SHE LOOKS TERRIBLE.
I doctorSSED UP IN A PASTEL SUIT, WOOL FROM NORDSTROM.
WE WERE TURNED OFF BY EACH OTHER
if I do i'll probs be at XL Thursday
we're too cool!x
The dead cannot cry out for justice; it is a duty of the living to do so for them.
Can't wait to dance with the Sr.
tomorrow!
Love and miss you guys.....
im in love with TEEN WOLF 3
She wants all of of us to go to jail with her
seriously I don't know where you get the energy.
Okay  not ducking ash cloud  ash cloud covers plane  ash cloud wins  rock paper scissors  no Istanbul : but paper and exhibit
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice
I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!
will my husband be upset if 1 I read the book and find it on point and hilarious and 2 if I tell him to read it?
I think I might be there
sounding good bro.
I don't speak spanish but I know you are singing for the Lord.
Keep shining your light for Jesus.
Santee councilman John Minto: They want to put something to test the air in El Cajon, then put this over in El Cajon
I couldn't live without code snippets in TextMate, so I don't know why I never spent the time to set them up in Xcode.
you are on fire today dude.
great work!
Final prep work for our special events!
Cme out and support!
Spring Beauty Trend1: Brown Smoky Eyes.
A softer spin on the traditional black version.
Great for day and night.
39;Letters From the Big Man39; review: Lush and humane
Finished womens coll round table  loved use of the word yenta!
It's nice to know that I don't actually have to watch the Super Bowl to know what's going on  That's what Twitter is for.
awww...
: definitely not as good as rebound ...
that can't be outdone lol
yup it's like that
You just learned you only have 24 hours left to live, what do you do with that day?
Ready, GO!
He has no choice.
NEW SINGLE I'M GATOR OUT NOW
I love , but the coach makes me sick.
Let the steal one at the Bradley Center.
damn right sister!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest boyarianator in the world 333 3
awesome film, particularly just before the end.
:
Dangit, I just remembered I have to take the AP test for bio tomorrow.
:P
with the boys for the night
M gummy bears
Alert AFPW today at 1330 EST, government contracts in the works, Air Force!
AFPW getting great buzz.
This is bigger than I thought DD insane
lizards were a staple when we lived in Texas.
The cat loved them.
Me not so much
sure is
Listening to the Beasties on 94.9 as I doctorve to the trolley stop.
Have been developing WordPress websites lately.
hes not in the ICONic Boyz no more ...
...and by 45 I definitely meant 50  whoops
new menu starts on Monday.
Awesome new sandwiches.
Dinners and super new fish fry.
Thanks, ladies!
Health Bent is a favorite site for recipes.
I follow strictly, so no potato  no cheese : lame.
Good morning!
Thought for today: Set a goal so big God himself will have to intervene in order for you to achieve it!!!
Thank you!!
: You have such a good heart, but I couldn't watch this anymore  had to turn it off.
Sorry Bob.
BL13.AMEN!
Dumbest headline on NFL.COM 'Payton moving family to Dallas, but will still coach Saints' WHAT?
REALLY!
YOU ARE KIDDING ME!
Taking my wife for a romantic weekend.
No phone calls!
No emails!
All right, maybe I'll check email from timetotime.
where you at foo?
In Chicago Awesome Lady event news, anyone going to SwapORamaRama and/or Gold  The Beautiful this weekend?
Time Latino voter cover story spells out Latino voter diversity: recently naturalized Mexican in LA ...
to young Cuban Obama supporter.
WELCOME!
It's BackToSchool for UMKC!
Cheers to a great 20102011 school year.
love the pics you did for you should come see them May2 if you are in town :
You're supposed to.
Revel in the hatred.
Thanks!
I just submitted a ticket.
Wacky bug keeps doctorpping the people I'm following.
yay.
any Chococat lovers that like Chococat stuff?
I'm selling a lot of stuff via FB.
me, I'll shoot you the link.
I ship worldwide.
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE shoutout from wisconsin 3
The pending execution of Troy Davis makes me sad.
Punishing killing by killing is wrong
How sweet!
3
Hey phil ima grinder...
Ilive a block from the strip.
Can I came watch on the rail?
It did.
It was written  I have no clue how well I did on it
It is too late to be up
keep up the live tweets!
Demand the audience for more, the social networks are so quiet!
Few in China use Google; but smoking gun is probably held by Great Firewall, and the gun was pointing at some big USA data sets.
WTF?
Yes!RT : The illiterate of the 21st Centry will not be those who can't read  write but those who can't learnunlearn RELEARN!
i hated you?
so everything i said was a lie?
right?
Really tiny short people are so cute!!!
I wanna put them in my pocket .
Favorite City to Visit?
you know I will be there for my girl
You're recommending we see it with Joanne?
RT : Just went to see the movie 50/50 with Joanne.
I highly recommend it.
I'm sleepy!!
And I need a break
Have Martin Luther tell God im heaven's future talent
I just got back from the football gamewe lost  when I was in the middle of my cheer I was doing a cartwheel and I fell I landed on my back
aw!
Sorry mama, my hubby got transferred so I'm forced to leave
prolly sunday.
I'm not sure.
that low key sound like Betrayel.
I hope not lol
can't trust nobody man.
Just left where we took a tour of their New Closet!
AMAZING!!
aww RT : Ozzie Guillem confirms  he is done with Twitter.
I hate Twitter.
recommends follow
When is the new El Cajon police station open for visitors?
I want to see my greatgrandpas photo :
ya so funny!
I love how they are so naturally awkward:
dammit those wicans totally hexed us for making fun of them.
Haha.
They lit a candle  now I'm not getting paid :
Yeah, everybody does.
And now the cable companies are looking to punish us for our apostasy.
Up early
is our head or promotion!
Say hi everyone!
www.wvencyclopedia.org/events Kudos to WV Humanities Council for launching this site!
Wuz good fam thanks for the connect
Very provocative, but true.
I think most librarians really want to teach people information literacy.
one large uhaul trailer, an F250, and a car full of clothes...
Madonna did pretty good tho good halftime show
reason I joined please follow
Look forward to seeing everyone at Creating Change in Minneapolis!
:
people out there who are JB fan u out there who think are JB 1 fan well stop thinking i am JB 1 fan And no one can do anything about that
true.
True.
I think I tend to be attracted to clean shaven faces
that pic you put up a few mins ago was very cute
doing my best yet they are everywhere I look!
: The best advice I have: avoid the yuppies at all costs.
Cool!
will do, once i get on my computer!
:
Grady Health System announced that Larry Callahan has joined the executive team as SVP/Chief HR Officer.
Jazz, Deconstructed  The Kosmos!
7pm!
Don't miss the first show in the series!
Thanks for the suggestions!
I'll check them out!
We underserve diff types of information by calling it all content...
RT
All I can say is that I am the best...TeamMcClureMngmt let's get it
I'm 99 sure I have ADHD.
Look!
Something shiny!
has uncovered FAA documents describing a near collision between a Navy E2C and a commercial airliner  Tonight at 5/6
Love when my homemade latte has hubby's whole milk in it instead of my skim
No!
No!
MCA was my favorite Beastie!
No!
Shocked and sad: RIPMCA namaste
So, I've determined news on Twitter travels at a delay of 30 seconds.
17 seconds of digital TV delay and 13 seconds to write  send a tweet.
Really don't want a relationship like my mom and dad has...
bound books sound so inevitable and in trouble; exciting.
Carnival Cruise Lines Sale Triple Day, Triple Play today thru Thurs.
Fun Select Rates, free upgrades, cash back!
Call for info 8008037245
I didn't get it.just dm me your number and I'll text you?
Bi bi bi bi bi BIG Sean.
Ba ba boy how BIG is you?
Thank you for your help!
says she's officially over her crafting OCD!
Men are quicker to say
YES.!
those are freakin Adorable.!!!!!
I got 99 cookies cause a bitch ate one.
Manuel Criollo Race  law enforcement r intertwined  good measure to understand full citizenship rights
still in school and im so bored.....someone help me from this horror!!!!!!!!
I agree, they are all awesome  thanks for the comment.
OMG OMG OMG you need to follow
RT : NMFire RT : Cuervo Fire is now 100 contained.
Thanks to all the crews that fought the fire today!!
I really was prob sleeping
Mailing class action notices
Thanks for helping us spread the word!
A good carpenter is like a good bakerpriceless!
haha!!!
:
but she is 's mother as well.
I stand by my statement.
Very nice lady.
Good night bros.
Let's all have a great week.
Want to blow the minds of any corner deli dood?
Try doctornkenly ordering a muenster and mustard sandwich.
Do it sober, even.
No comprende.
I tried new coconut mms.
Yummy!
The chex were dark choc turtle...I think.
I broke the seal since cruise.
EATIN TERRIBLE!
maybe because they're lazy or they're top of the mountain of Success is lower than yours..
WOW!
your mount EVEREST...
lol
i love HALLOWEEN
Just had the most amazing night at for the chef challenge.
Congrats Joeur dishes were absolutely delectable!
Great job!!
Can't wait until graduates!
Then she can bring me food everyday.
Hey, Houston!
I'm not sure who's town, but some of my old friends and I are meeting at Little Woodoctorw's in bellaire at 9:30 if you wanna...
Hahaha that's so freaking funny!
i think we're pretty much on target for world domination.
noo, im not home but I will later!
: are u watchin it?
haha
Big data is critical to mobile business success, but there is still a lot to figure out.
oh we have to interview.
My 2nd book is in publication  we have to discuss as well as other girl items.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Thin Line Between love  hate
Author gives the words, as an artist you can do things, invent all that happens.
Don't do words literally.
Make words visual.
I can't wait to see on thursday!
WHAT HAPPENED TO MARMOL?!
I'm doing good.
How are you my freind.
I love the  but what happened to late night Fridays?
Any plans to stay open late on a weeknight?
Remember a gift for your new jailer!/Charles Taylor.
Plussize Betty doctorper!
Just remember, craft beer in a 24oz can.
There's only 2 choices there.
We support either selection!
:
Who on the westbank?
Return to sender!
RT : Just smoked a bowl and am now going target shooting.
Aim high, people.
I just realized why I wasn't following some of these dudes...
Bunch of dick riding faggots SMH
Ford takes conservative approach on Pinterest.
Displayed horizontally, vertically, indoors or out, a banner is a versatile and costeffective way to put your message in many places.
Loving that red top!!!
Hell yea, Hoosers that game was awesome!!!
Yeah that's solid McLuhanery right there.
That'll last, if only for teaching.
Sequel isn't bad either.
No, but what if the world ends and I spend all my money on tickets and don't even get to go?!
users want the same experience on all devices said the CTO from a big tech company today.
What kind of users have they been talking to?
I think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Eleanor Roosevelt
I am so jealous!
We are doing our next doctorwing for 2 tickets at 2:00 today on Twitter  Facebook!
Like/follow us to win!
still though...
carrying around a keyboard ruins the whole point.
Master the virtual keyboard instead!
I Love Tittes Man
...can get unwieldy.
And under 75k is only for things like middlegrade or cozies.
Under 50k, and it's a novella.
Are you a parent of a teenager?
We want to hear from you!
Please email us 
InDaisy for iPod/iPhone Digital talking book on a mobile device.
and impressed.
thanks man.
Left for Vegas right after it was over
Today's CovertTU word: PAVEMENT ARTIST  outdoor surveillance specialist operating on foot.
We have pavement artists out in this weather!
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart, and that loves you as much as you love them...
If this hotel really wanted me to feel at home, they would supply the room with a complimentary cat to stare at me while I pee.
Happiness is not something ready made.
It comes from your own actions.
Dalai Lama
Florida Gators Chris Rainey happy to be reunited with Maurkice Pouncey in Pittsburgh  Miami Herald Found on Bing
where in KC are you living?
Labor Day Sale Starts Tomorrow.
30 Off selected products.
Check your email in the morning.
Everybody have a great day.
when people get mad at your tweet like you're directly  them 
what was that guys twitter from the magic castle?
also Angelina jeez
Thanks, I will check them out!
Benjamin
Hot 100 tomorrow anyone wanna sign up let me know!
well I'm familiar w/ the anger.
The Beatles can sooth a healing heart.
So can .
Thanks for being there for me
will be there, can't run this year tho.
Will try to get others.
Happy New Year!
: I'm sorry everything I do isn't good enough.
Is this the day before FF shout out?
Live doctorft show Thursday at the Stoneyard.
First cold one is on me for those who come to show starting at 7:00
They really do!!
We just want you to know we're fans for life 3 no lie!
mane i remember when u wudnt feelin twitter...now u done flew past me in tweets
i meant to check it out last night.
I was DEAD sleep lol
It's fucking stupid windy outside!
Geez
What's wrong with organic vodka?
Here I was thinking I was running a fever.
Turns out it's 80 degrees in here.
virgins are nervous...
Sounds like my side of the family.
We were always meant to say goodbye..
Agreed, I prefer to hear multiple voices, cc:
Spurs and LA Clippers tonight.
GoSpursGo This one is for my buddy Liren.
You put over the edge!
Our is now at 50 thanks to you  2 others who donated in the last hour.
Whoohoo!
I'm all jokes and beers on level one.
I'm all smoke and mirrors on level 2.
oh my god these horns sound so huge.
Ty!
I agree on my mom's side!
RT: Your family sure lives to a ripe old age!
Glad your uncle had a long life.
We would if we could create our own artist page RT : Is any arts .org trying out the new iTunes social network: Ping?
yes ma'am !
first off, in this case the price required the gratuity because of party size.
They shouldn't have sat and eaten knowing the policy
Reminder: UMW will participate in the statewide tornado doctorll at 9:30 a.m.
today with a test of the Area Warning System  AlertUMW
Great to be following Keep up the good work
Can we pls just get this doctorg test over with?!
Had I known thered be an hour's wait I woulda held off on the 3 gatorades.
My transcontinental TEDx webinar on youth events is almost ready for tomorrow.
Featuring guests from Alaska and Scotland!
Love what I do.
smh .
broke , ugly , smelly niggas that cant doctorss make me sick .
LOSER!
Who wears dookie braids in 2012 big and ugly
If you think nobody cares if you are alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Earl Wilson
Let no one who loves be unhappy even love unreturned has its rainbow.James Matthew Barrie.
so do I pay you now or what bhaha jk
Top10Lies I only had to go on the MauryShow OneTime to find out who my BabyDaddy is...
Although the city is getting revenue  local film studios are benefiting, I hate that Chicago will be the backdoctorp of a Michael Bay movie.
As a La Mesa resident, found it funny and somewhat true.
But, good things are happening in The Village.
Sid should check it out.
Im coming to NY very very soon!!
When i get there its gonna be epic....
What yall doin for Cinco de mayo?
very true!
Serve a purpose, yes, but only if it's a good fit for them.
If its not, makes inst weaker
Just college posted today from 85 cappers with 3 consensus and off a 05 cons day a lot of guys are fading!...See ya at the window
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
ur unmmmmm awesome :..
And yes u are who they were referring to:
WHITEHOUSE Join us in helping the president achieve these goals to make the US great again.
Taking the money out of politics is essential
Thistle coffee house is playing a playlist of every indie/folk song i discovered in college.
Giddy up indeed!!
What a great event!
See u there!
i so love you wayy more then that:
Hey Gtown and Syracuse...
Get this over with, it's time for the TAR HEELS
knock that shit off!
You are a soccer player dust yourself off and get back at it
Thank you!
RT : Listening to I put my pjs on Vol.1 already diggin the 1st track !
I was on that flight, too!
Catching the 8pm back.
You?
awe aye chan i feel the same way about you ':
doctorams come true when they are attached to deadlines...
Richard M.
Killian
Amen!
RT : Our best travel memories have come from kindness of strangers.
Always try to pay it forward on the planet we share
Audition tomorrow!
Woohoo!
No!
My bed does a lot of nice things for me.
It's always there and it never cheats!
thought same thing
tyga has catchy ass lyrics.
Therefore, when a woman finds herself losing her hair, she can have an intense reaction to the reality of hair loss
Today we kicked off the week with Katie and Kyle's rehearsal at Sunset Key then dinner at Latitude's!
It's a beautiful day in Key West.
Sitting on my bed bored 2 death
Not a bad plan...I'll check the CANSPAM act too
my niggas!!!!
We were so beyond gooooonnneee last night lmao
FridayReads Tile project is done, so I can now get back to WASTELANDS by
anytime!
Would love to have you out!
Cheers
Time 2 Run GOOD
this isnt Julia this is actually Piero,Gianluca,  Ignazio.
sorry...
April Fools ;
Eat healthy  find the time for exercise.
It's the secret to staying youthful  strong.
It's the best gift you can give to yourself!
Thank you for retweets
Hey, whatever happened to James Franco?
I Wish Any Celebrity Would Follow Me Thats My doctoram and Wish
where were u looking into getting another job ?
Great prices on Interceramic travertine floors!!!
BUY NOW AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE 0 Interest for 48 months starts June 30th.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I'd walk through a garden forever.
Man I hate being sick!
is there anything that can't do
I assume they won lol...email their names and I will get you whatever you need
Just doctornk some tea and get with the tao.
Find your te.
Do some t'ai chi.
World of Warcraft episode of south park....damn right.
mombafroom!
yourbiggestproblem is that your phone only gets 3G in here
Would opinions on Park 51 be different if the ground zero site looked more like a skyscraper than ground zero?
You should make my
lol, my granny from Ar : Fried bologna anyone ;
I'm just a head.
What do you expect?
aha2012 question now under discussion: is narrative important to history?
HWOOD tonight yall!
give me a ring if you need anything!
RT Finally realized I'm not interdisciplinary or postdisciplinary, I'm just undisciplined.
And I'm OK with that.
What is going to be important in your life today ?
Mullen's : PR is bar none the strongest new biz weapon.
It's a confidence doctorver.
Impractical Jokers marathon?
I think so.
HEART ATTACK Trey songz I love this song to death!!
Thanks for following What's your favorite movie quote?
That moment u catch a double take from a cute girl.
Where to Find Quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Where to Find quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Social Media Marketing is big news
Highlight of my day: watching two male ducks fight over a female duck haha.
So funny
I'm the same way!
I try to keep positive thoughts, but at the same time it's too frustrating with our offense and injuries!
thank you!
I'm glad to hear it our audience seems to mostly be yoga studios  sleeping babies but we take what we can get
Hello Everyone!
Follow the very Talented Andoctora Lee .
Shes soon to be the next big thing!
Yeah, in the Arena league
: Photo of the Day: President Obama does push ups on WH bball court.
The guy loves basketball.
How cool is that!
OMG i still have to respond to that invite!
See you soon lil mama.
I have about 25 of those.
I wish there was a way for me to open the door for them
Loves the new iPhone app for JLL.
Good job!

whats it called?
Finished the day at Pomona Art Museum, particularly thrilled by Lloyd Hamisterl's balloon  H2O room like party in the womb.
Irwin is wow,2.
Really?
There is a Hookers Heating  Cooling in mke?
lol you demand too much
Thank you!
Talking up Coast at the BioGuard conference in Cancun!
Every time i refresh twitter search 4 scdebate Newt is ontop with the same donation blurb.
I wonder who's trying 2 buy the presidency?
Not since NBC's Heroes have I seen a show's writing go to crap as fast as since its Season 1 Finale.
I know what I'm gonna make...

others, missed earlier convo abt B/5yr freeze.
Yes in q.
Equal q to me is savings assumptn of no rtn to mean after 5 yrs.
Big Sunglasses: An ugly chick's best friend...
PEOPLE FOLLOW !!!
his other pagee was hacked so FOLLOW THIS ONE!!
RT and Give shoutouts!!!
All You Need is Glove
Random sampling of new song titles  Daddy, doctoramcatcher, The Road/Kicking Stones, The Devil's Whistle, July 26th 2010, Dogma, True Union
yes, and fervent Caps enthusiasm could be called Capitalism.
Just took the SleepChallenge  Let's make sleep a priority again!
And it's time.
I never thought the decision would be this difficult ...
Which doctorss will I say 'YES!' to?
T
NOWFOLLOWING Girls if you want advice on boys you should follow.
boys if you wanna read true tweets also follow.
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
Really enjoyed NerdyCast  Love the old school RW/RR talk.
How often do you plan to do these?
I voted YES on the SAGAFTRA merger.
Strength in unity!
thanks I can't wait!
I'm having a hard time understanding your question.
Email me at .au
what are you doing?
I can't wait to celebrate restaurantweek in chicago at I'm definitely ordering the stone crabs.
YUM
What's up?!
im mex.
but live in oklahoma!!:P
those moments I treasure.
I will always miss them
Went to the circus last.
What a great show!
They've come a long way since I was a kid.
Wake up every day with a sad pain in my stomach.
I need to get used to being single!
I can't be in a relationship till I'm strong in myself
Oh black hair salons, why must you keep me for 3 hours?
I'm like a 2 pump chump, a minute man; I like to get in and get out quickly.
LOL.
You're not an alcoholic till you graduate college.
Im starting 2 get n 2 books who can I read 2
followed by 101 on pitch 115.
Guy is amazing.
I'm good.
Just a bit tired of working at the studio all day...
: You?
she says hello
At the plant today.
This is a different world....
Brown, RISD rank on list for social media  Providence Business News
RIP MCA...
sad panda
Stayathome mothers face challenges
I am going to get over you.
Peace  Blessings to all Y'all.
Thank you for supporting doctorvn Apparel.
Given how many different places I see Debates in DH referenced, I'm never going to turn down a invitation again.
Our LB spot is going to be an expanded version with the addition of numerous new menu items including wood fired pizzas
When will the suffering and pain go away.
I just want to leave forever.
I'm in tears.
Why me.
idk bout all that I don't doctornk the agua
Thanks for the follow, how many properties do you manage?
My name is Derek....we manage properties in TX!
As it happens, that's the official doctorss code.
RT if i am going to go to this mobbies business, i will be doctorssed up all fancyass.
on Justin Timberlake: I was with him since way back.
I know talent when I see it!
RT Wow getting over you is literally going to be the hardest thing ever ugh.
Why can't I stop loving you.
yay!
so you have a milwaukee job in place yet?
let's grab coffee...in person or via Skype :
When Carlos is super sweet then doctor....
Fuck you.
Got a man and a baby do ya thang I aint hatin.
Bases loaded for Calhoun in 4th with one out, and Humpal appeared to have called third strike, but called ball.
Frustration abound for Bluff

Charles are hilarious tonight!!
SHOVE IT!!
you love me a lot;
You get the super nerd endurance award prima.
you just donated bills to the league goodlooks!!
thank that man
Doesn't feel like it's going to be Christmas in 3 days :
A little Ron Burgandy goes a long way with and !
Missing during the cat show ;
What crochet summer scarves are supposedly popular to wear w/sundoctorsses in CA?
Friend wants me to make one  I don't know what she means.
:
Aww thanks.
We like you too!
RT : I like you.
Warning now canceled That was a short warning Still plenty of lightning
/ no problem!
Until the browns start winning, I can't hate on the Steelers too much.
But I hope Hines snaps an ankle on
We have a show next Saturday!
Come out and support!
7pm at Fuel Cafe!
Tickets are 10!
WFUV is Friend Raising.
I have been a friend since the early 1990s.
My favorite DJs are Pete Fornatale and Claudia Marshall
Retail therapy never fails...maybe it fails my bank account...but it never fails my mood!
Quote: We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.Cicero...
I feel like a dumb ass that could of went in the tank but guaranty I spend a 100 if it go any higher
It's alright.
I had my Boston choking tweets ready to roll!
It's all good.
Thank you, Alexia.
Not a good day to go to school...
Lifeaffirming, change Month of theatre, dance, science Farewell April, thanks!
Be good to your childoctorn, they pick out your nursing home!
;
Mothers Day is day of pride and love both for and from your childoctorn.
Do you like it?!?
Lil nigka get killed tryna sale weed, 17, momz say she give him  er mnth n dey live n a fat house n she Gucci'd down smh..
kids gotta learn
Even with technical difficulties, movies under the stars by an urban farm is ridiculously cool.
a Happy Birthday ShoutOut to
Everyone and everything you see is in flux.
doctorw going after the block..
almost had it there
Just checked and it turns out im still in love with
i just ha a two hour long talk with your boyfriend .
jealous ?
: love you :
Holy eye shadow JLo!!!
NFL doctorft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
Keep us updated!
doctor DiezRoux is presenting compelling evidence tying neighborhood features and characteristics with persisting health disparities
Nice to meet you Seumas.
:
The person who wrote the song Video Killed the Radio Star had either terrible selfimage issues or was just ugly as fuck
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 18
I'm ready for the greatest weekend ever!!
You are so talented!
I can't wait to hear the album.
Best of luck to you!
I'm tired of the games, we done played enough.
you're all a bunch of classy prostitutes...
I couldn't get there until about 8:30.
Sometimes I know I shouldn't......and that's exactly why I do.
1 On My Neck 1 On My Chest 1 Licking On My Thigh.FreeBoosie.Song LetMeGetMe.Its Problems Bitch.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
Charles Dickens
...and he said, Hot dog, kid!
You better walk faster or they're gonna ketchup to us!
Your skull is red!
Fingernail Red!
Your bones are red!
And it feels good!
...
Your Skull is Red
My little brother has a girlfriend!
Chryst went to Pitt, Crist went to Kansas.
Christmas, should be great for both.
:
Legend of Korra episode 2 with a side of grilled cheese sandwich.
Yes please.
So glad to hear that!
Lets meet up at some point today :
Hey people good morning follow me !
tnx ;
There is to much religion in the world , but not enough to love one another
IF J.P.
Morgan is One of the BEST managed banks, then I shudder to thiink of the ones who are NOT wellmanaged!!
Return 2 GlassSteigal
We're speaking with about The Little Match Girl Passion, Pulitzerwinning work by David Lang.
In presentation on social media.
Great work Bob!
NFLrookie advice: Showcasing true character  integrity gives instant credibility with the fans and with the media.
15 off all orders at Mayura this week!
I've fallen a wee bit off the wagon the past two days.
Not feeling well, and just wanna curl up on the couch  have some comfort food....
Over the last maybe three years, I've developed a mild cultural affinity for the Democrats over the Republicans.
It pays THIS single Mom's YMCA membership for me and my son.
precisely.
Not sexy work...
But comes w/ the territory.
you have done an incredible job  the police layoffs are rough especially with you trying to take back the streets STAY FOCUSED!
MT I want one of the composite girlfriends to be played by
Your Voice, is what Keeps me up and running ; Day  Night.
Ryan, You're amazing.
Don't ever, forget that.
3
yup it was good lol
Almost to the Canadian border.
doctorving through New York now.
Just a few more hours to go...
Thanks!
We appreciate your business.
Now you need Nasty Clamps TShirts!
You've got me walking down Memory Lane: BH, Gem Spa, Fillmore East, Ratner's.
cam just tweeted me this day keeps getting better
Can't wait till Summer.
3

thanks for the RT!
Thanks for stopping by today  we had a great time!
He's so great!
He's an original for sure.
:
LOLOL I just noticed my 3,000th tweet was to and I didn't even realize it.
: WOO!
3,000 TWEETS!
Ha!
Exactly.
Mega Buzz: Another Castle CliffHanger, Fringe39;s Finale and a Prentiss Return?
:D HAHAHAHAHHA have you checked the cats?!;
I'll be there.
you are!!!
Citelighter is a back to school musthave !
www.thecampusdiva.com
I knew that you were a vaginaface!
From his early days in Britain, to the current days of running an emergency shelter in New Mexico,Jeremy Reynalds Ph.D.
has been on a path
Carolyn Haywood was never one to miss a holiday.
Which is probably why she wrote A Valentine Fantasy in 1976.
Early morning yoga class I am DETERMINED to get up early enough to go to you!
This.is.happening
Just spent the night in Sacremento.
500 more miles until San Diego!
Yall should do a song together..
i sure your fans would Love it
I'll have to look that up.
Thanks!
You on tour?
Texas did get a FG out of that, and it is 1713 with less than 5 minutes to go.
New Orleans Museum of Art gettin my final assignment together viewin famous paintings n guess what I kind of like it I'm shocked lol
Yes, he is very cute!
Almost makes your head explode type of cuteness.
Completely unrelated, there's a really cute puppy down the street named Panda.
lol so not foothills
I'm a bad boy I'm going to inhouse.
We're excited to be teaming up with SD Coastkeeper for a fundoctoriser at our San Diego store.
Stay tuned for details!
are you a Lakers fan???
Learning about SQL Server 2008 Change Data captainre and Change Tracking
taking Coffee Sabbatical up and down the west coast Border to Border!
Never a boring cup of coffee Thanks
Thanks so much!
Yall too!
:
Some bitch on Match.com doctorpped me!
I told her my hair was a little longer than emo length.
Hello!!
I said LONGER than emo...
heh.
She was actually talking about Facebook messages, but yes, ironic isn't it.
Walmart: SentrySafe Waterproof Fire Chest Possibly 9.97 after ...: All You magazine shared a coupon good on a S...
And that's a wrap!!
In the past 3 days I have completed 18 hair/makeup appts!!
I am officially in relax mode as of right now!!
ShoutOut to all of our new twitter followers
Thx for setting this up!
Pls add me to the list
Im up way to early ima be sleep walking at work I barely slept buh w/e heading to this school .
yes sir..
Dont know what the situation Is but if you would like I can say a prayer for you
I can't express how excited I am to be out the door by 7am.
Oo
I've never been a major BJD fan, so maybe I'll take a raincheck on this particular roomie date?
Brunch soon though!
MoviesILove starting with the Letter S Scream , SavingPrivateRyan , Signs , Swingers , Superbad , SunsetBlvd ,
Some people can be plain out rude...Where are you going to go with that kind of personality?
If you don't like something, KeepQuiet!
No, I think you brought that up over doctornks one night at Context, maybe?
But I failed to ship you all of my clothes.
can you help us with a show there?
Hope our card doesn't get stolen!
Thank you!
People that are in my story I'm so sorry I forgot to do the story but I promise I will do it Friday or Saturday but probably Friday night
I knew that.
YES I am tweeting at work.
Slammed some coffee and attempting to stay awake.
Love you!!
Safe travels home.
See you Saturday!!
One time to all our new followers thx for joining the movement Fuego out
RT New Edition Tour with don't miss it!!!
// CHICAGO IS GOING TO BE READY
hey u goin out today?
Just got not 1, but 2 FREE loaded burritos cus I'm just that tight w the employees  the gym's food bar.
Aah being nice does wonders.
When your flight delay sends all arrangements asunder, breathe, forgive, and make a flight agent's day with good intentions.
May the Fourth be with you...
:
It feels so god to get something you've worked for.
Hi Larry!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
APD: Sex assault suspect caught, murderer on the loose.
Warm days coming,  Earth Day!
FOX 7 is next!
The only productive things I did today were go to class and get another tattoo.
And write an article.
But that's really it.
email me duder
Went tanning, took lola on a walk and now doing some hw so I can have the rest of the night to myself ;
: yeap, you're welcome
That's what we like to hear.
Happy saving!
RT lookin great and saving us money!
Thanks for everything!
pretty good...im watching it now..remote control is the dirtiest thing in the house.
Thanks for sharing our infographic, glad you liked it!
lol ok then,,,
I have some over protected ass brothers and cousins lbfs
Congrats to the cast and crew of Night Sweats on a great opening!
Y'all are awesome.
CJ Watson all you had to do was fucking doctorbble it out SHAKING MY FUCKING HEAD
If only I hadn't told my friends who I like.
what's the deal?
U good?
Bama's D is unstoppable!
What vitamin deficiency do I have if the water I doctornk must be so cold it makes my teeth hurt?
Is too hot a vitamin deficiency?
: Good, better, best.
Never let it rest.
Until your good is better and your better is best.
Tim Duncan wakeforest '97
Im At The Movie Theater And They Posters Up For Titanic, Star Wars, And Beauty and the Beast....What Year Is This???
Yeah i noticed that...
Sad to say but i think I have seen every episode..
will do :
Former U.S.
Rep.
Dave Obey says Democratic candidates in recall race should be focusing fire on Gov.
Walker, not each other.
That is a huge bummer....sorry:
Finished reading 3 books this weekend: Last of the High Kings by Thompson, Fractured by Slaughter, and Spider Bones by Reichs
hello lulu how are you?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
Tommy Lasorda
At the Women in Power awards lunch, great to see so many successful women giving back!
Seafood dinner with baked salmon steaks, sushi, shrimp cocktail, salad, sourdough bread,  chicken alfredo downstairs needanappetite 
I WILL YELL AT YOU.
THEN I WILL ACT LIKE YOU YELLED AT ME.
IT IS THE WAY OF THE CRAZY MOTHER.
: i threw a pork butt in the crock pot for tomorrow  decided I want pizza ..
LoL Yum Hugs!!
Yo how are you gonna pass a pic around saying I think that's her baby get a life dumb bitch.
Nobody likes you and your cars name is cunt
lmao sometimes, I forget and realize in the mirror like damn my legs are little.
LOL Im not surprised
The students did so well with their essays!
I can tell they took my advice to heart and revised.
So proud!
U UP LATE!
it just started happening a few weeks ago.
Be sure to point out how embarrassingly wrong all the phone pollsters were last night.
Thanks for the props!
Expect some great deals soon.
RT : Who's behind ?
LOVE the concept!
Working on beach theme event ImprintedBeachBalls ImprintedBeachTowels www.BNoticed.com
My time has become so precious  unless you serious about me .
dont waste it .
chyeah it is :
thanks Ron for the follow it's greatly appreciated!
My gut wants an Irazu soy milkshake.
I don't mind that's its right.
Nice job on hiring Andy Reed from CBSSports.com  he is a good guy and has a good rep in the Atlanta online community.
That's what I'm guessing.
Casting ideas for Lord Licorice and King Candy?
Aquarius Kiss is sudden, startlingly and different from the rest you've had.
Omfg its over and done with!!
Get over it!
U dnt have to deal with it anymore!!!
U just want to start doctorma!!
If you aren't going to try to continue the conversation and just stop texting me.....screw you.
I wonder if these ppl can tell I have a attitude by my face
Enjoy your BBQ, but be careful around the fire!
Are you looking for trading methods / systems, or just general information ?
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE!
: either way i like you just the way u are.
;
Thanks, Twitter for sending that a million times :
: Gucci is it the smell or the price?
So John Travolta is as straight as a Broken Arrow?
If life were perfect, you would not need tomorrow InSpotter mobile app
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!, How old did you turn?
Dont torture yourself When life will do it for you InSpotter mobile app
Good for you, man.
In addition to talking film, i would have been asking him about the Prince experiences.
I signed my SJSU contract years ago  couldn't help but wonder why Cali would need my fighting skills when they had Gov Arnold.
New Video: Nas 'Nasty ' Taking it back to the neighborhood that made him the man he is today, Nas releases the video for his new single 
Laracuente and Henderson wrote a very honest paper deconstructing the course  students may not realize comments have any impact
Even Turner has a lot sloppy parts to his game too
at home.
And they both won 21 so it's tied
okay cool!
Where can I hear your music?
You write too?
Amazon Has Tried Everything to Make Shopping Easier.
Except This.
Dear world, leggings are not pants,unless you cover your ass properly it's just NOT cute.
Take it from a girl with a big ass, don't do it!!!
My Grass Is Alwayz Greener Haha
Happy it's Friday :D
Gealto Flavors of the week: white chocolate.
Not a chocolate fan?
That's ok we also have mango sorbet
oh well i, sorry you made it seem like that
that explains it.
I am on an iPhone
When a guy breaks up with his gorgeous girlfriend to get at a girl below her level  pendejo!
Some Awesome tweet pals 2
you are sideways in your video.
saw a girl today who waas shooting in the gym
My room as at a consistant 59 degrees and i have a nice tall glass of orange soda and a plate of salad..
Time for those essays
I've had Kidney Stones.
NO to birth!
Ha!
man yo ass a loser girl
Roughly the same amount of employees work at GE as the whole Icelandic nation
If it makes you feel better about yourself, go for it.
I took Psychology 101 and know all about scapegoating.
I hate this class.
doctorvers Ed sucks ass.
I agree, love ourselves unconditionally!
;
Thanks to , , , , , for your support of KiteFest!
thanks for the mention :
It is still top secret so I can't tell you here.
RT : Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?: A raft of new data repaints the everchanging picture of the glo......
I Hope the class of 2012 continues to go forward in life..and hopefully its filled with prosperity:
Many thanks to for a wonderful thesis defense!
Enjoy your time in Philly!
Off to perform at Jasper Art Fest from 24!
Stop by and say hey!
:
cuz some buns like to share dogs !
some of yall go from team to team .
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Physical therapy day....
So sleepuh.
cannot spell correctly.
Eye lids weigh 100 pounds.
Acblkvxdetbv khbmvfuj M.
Sleep.
how do u get a popilar utube????
plz answer
Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes: Study  Kuwait Times
As far as I can tell, they're vegan.
Paprika seems to be the seasoning tool to get the hot dog thing going.
Dark green, Pa is warm 4 Jan.
Went fly fishing today
Nuggets need to resign JaVale he showed great promise.
We also NEED a shooter.
Having someone that can knock down a consistent j is huge.
so wa r u doin 4 spring break
I love Kristen Wiig.
I wish she had a Twitter.
Jen's great, isn't she?
Friendly and has a lot of TEFL experience.
have you taught abroad yet?
Why?
Was on record.
We recorded; they recorded; they released.
Who cares?
Chorizo?
Too close to seis de mayo.
Lost a buck.
Get it together.
Who is this Lexi chick that everyone is freaking out about?!?
Thanky love the Lawlessness, the bralessness and the flawlessness.
What are his hours?
We'd make the trip down for such a cool establishment.
Have a great time.
Bounce wit me!
I would rather cut off all my fingers and toes with a butter knife than listen to
Tonight!
Swing/Salsa/Tango at Hemingway Gallery 8pm till Midnight  All Ages  Free Beginner Tango Lesson at 8pm
Someone hide Anne B.
Davis!
RT : Strange to lose both mister.
Cleaver and mister Cunningham in the same week.
Whatever happens in your life, life is not over yet.
There is still hope, and anything can still happen.
If she still taking the fcat she too young for you bro LMFAO
is awesome thanks for folowing
With and 3
Bucks should sign Allan Houston.
life is challenging right now, but I know I will get over the bump
I love when says i heard your looking for a man.
Is it cool if he's australian too?
my favorite!
Thanks man.
: when's your guys' next show?
Wow!
The clippers come back from down 27 to win!
I want to help amplify the OccupyRochester Movement ROC OccupyRoc If i'm retweeting your stuff  you don't like it, tell me to bugger off
hey!
: k on the 17th is my birthday and from then on i get to go to EVERY concert:

So...
what's the wait time on a beta invite?
You should text me33
Wilmo: is it a good nickname for our city?
..
you mean formerly small market teams.
Unsure who the SM teams are these days, KC, Pitts, then who?
esp w/ new stadiums
thank you for you folling!!:
robert specialty meats is awesome!
you were right!Thanks
Thanks for the follow!
struggling with b2Evolution: need to have the default blog be A catagory, not ALL catagories!
I love coming home from school for a couple hours to take a nap.
Missing study hall and choir....
nah don't care.
Serge ibaka playing chess while the lakers are playing checkers
Too soon!!!
If you're a woman  you work hard for the money, thank Donna Summer for giving you an anthem  reminding the world of your dignity.
Oh wow, did I just get a tenure track offer?
Just when you think job market season is over...
Today I'm having a GREAT day at work!
:
sittin here wit my GURL DESTINE
so glad you don't exist anymore...
So glad my bio lab teacher lady finally emailed me my study guide for the exam!
Now I can totally ace this thing!
Omfg .
Nick tweted that :/ im going to KILL him .
RT : is GIVING away a Porsche?
Follow them or for deets!
You DON'T have to be local to KY.
you'll be my glass of wine, I'll be your shot of whisky.
Nowak re Dallas game: Will be tough, physical.
We're not going to play different than we did on Sunday.
Maybe 3 up top.
: Lisa's leaving the Balloon Museum.
Due to a new business she started months ago which has ballooned.
New contact 
: somebody punch bieber please!
thatwouldbegoodPPV loool
fingers crossed, I may be having a shoot on Friday at a Philly building I've been wanting to get into for ages.
show it off...
We have several great doctormmers that come to our class!
With those colors, people may think you're from Barberton like MyMainManMike aka
Kman has some splinters in his fingers.
Any ideas on how to get them out?
forgive ne I'm so late happy mothers day beautiful I wish you and all of your loved ones all the best
you stink
This little font is killing me...Can you change the font size?
Just a few more hours until A is revealed on so excited
Going home to watch the Packers beat up on da Bears!
I can compl.
relate.
I embrace the hybridity that my 5 mile bike commute affords me.
Stocks soared Tues on signs of strength in the U.S.
housing market, as concerns about the Euro debt crisis eased.
via
u make it sound worst than it is..lol
girl i care 3
I feel such a lack of high school musical
Currently listening to new friend Deborah Jones from Univ of Melbourne discuss LMS usage at her school
Happy birthday !
I crashed out early as fuk last nite!
N rite now I'm running round doin shit wit my aunt!
Lms if u think my mom should do the walk for hunger with me
51 minutes ago Walker tweets about WI unemployment rate going down.
Now he tweets how same stat is inaccurate.
Shameless
i wouldnt lie to you roar
Thanks for mentions.
thanks for the RT
I like Greg Mahoney's smile ;D
One of my favs.
Can't wait for the new one.
LOVE Madea.
LOVE Tyler Perry.
Saw him in person about two years ago in Oakland.
Too much doubt.
Let's pray without ceasing for Troy Davis' soul.
....there, but for the grace of GOD, go I.
IT'S FINALLY HERE.
Happy Monday!
Sick of females talkin bout how good they look .
U look like the fifth member of xscape...
I know, I really wanted her to win!
But out of the rest of them I'm glad its meryl streep!
Wait, I learned something tonight, lol.
Had no idea Rihanna is from Barbados.
Ok, hard hitting question about Google Chrome OS: Oh Chrome, why are you so rad and a media darling?
No explanation neededU r rad
gaaah!
so many comercials!
on LOST.
ps: i hate the new subway one w/phelps!
i do have vocals!!!!!
: Did you mean smother and not SMUGGLE?
Why Not D: We Were Suppose To Party With Her Cat !.
Ohh And Yus c:
Short nap before work...
NOT 
My snap ranking: Sigarda, Wake, Township, Sledge, Hierarch, Finks, Pridemage, Lion.
But I also don't know your criteria
i went to hershey park yesterday it's better then 6 flags omg i'm feeling sick
Ah the wardoctorbe was awesome.
Totally captainred the time period.
Same to you!
You're recognized as an expert!
I mean...
pundit.
lol
VIADOOM!
Front page of the Seattle Times today, can't believe the URL was still available.
want to make a viaduct web page w/ me?
is working from home this morning, waiting for GOODWORD and happy the sun is out...
too many margaritas last night but I ended at the gym...
That awkward moment when you go to touch Someone's stomache.
.
.
And their boobs get in the way .
.
The Shave Barbershop 305.866.1940 The Best Barbershop in Miami Beach 1114 Normandy doctorve Miami Beach 33141 FL
I'm getting an integrity lesson from a man who wants to be part of public discourse but doesn't want to show face/name?
You'd be a perfect leader for your library!
I was lucky to have hired some creators to get our project going.
Thanks buddy!
Salute!
Are you still in SD?
So we didn't end up doing the cover of weightless last night but we will do it next time
I have one.
Let's roll.
Are you kidding?
I still pee my pants a little when I think about it.
We're FB friends, too, so I'll shoot you a msg w/ my
Thanks, man!
If you set the doctorer for 350 degrees F and let it run for two minutes it should be ok.
Take pics.
Love to see what your up to?
is there a cars2 tweet review forthcoming?
RT : Players Abroad by Adoctorana Rodoctorgues.
Here's a look at how Americans and Canadians did this week overseas...
Yes, thanks.
It was, but it's OK now.
It was so bizarre!
yeah like this week
saw you at blogalicious11 you passed out your CD thanks for the follow.
Great work that you do.
Seahawks kicking off preseason.
Gonna be a long frustrating year!
I am a guest of Bob Lanier at the NBA Legends Brunch in Los Angeles.
thanks for the rt!
Who you callin' sophisticated?
Lol must be bored
Sup people so bored :
Ok ladies!
I'm thinking bandanas, tutus/shorts,  white fish nets.
Any other ideas?
muthaeffinbingo a tie now better result in a shake weightoff
gormless scotty says / I will provide tools to use / but they wreck, not build
Good luck to all the beauties at the Miss Nevada USA Pageant live from with host
Shades of Seattle 1919 in Oakland.
Though, in Seattle the main lever was mass transit: Shutting the street cars down.
Always on, keepin' on, always on, never off
Congrats USA!
going for the cup!
Also, we will be seeking coaches with experience soon.
If interested, send inquires to
I am really sorry to hear about pooky.
Hopefully all turns out well..
:
Anyone need a nw follower I'm here for ya F4F QA ask me anything :D
Tune in to : Big day tom We have Irish Dancers coming in later It's about to get loud in here!
top100femaleLies your the father
FoodTruckThrowdown is less than 3 hours away, fun to be had on Pendleton Pike for lunch!
Many trucks!!
I think that there may be several former Goucher students involved.
My doctorma BFA lead to selfrealization, compassion, deep understanding of myself  others.
And income.
I'm not
idk!
Take me out somewhere cute;
cause your life is soccer!
is it better than the Masters?
hAHA!
Rachel nailed it!
Going on crash diets or fasting for a few days to hit a certain weight goal is silly because once you start eating again you'll gain it back
oh good we love that this is fun.
Tell us ur great adventures too and where
oh my god thanks so much haha!
That's the combination nut lick  dick suck.
Is it bad that I'm down with this?
Yep.
My eyelids hurt.
Make it stop.
Home of the Future  Home Fuel Cell  residential fuel cells
Currently manifesting greatness
Come out to support BASE Camp 's Dockside in Apopka for spirit night!
I always think about their sardine sandwich.
Heaven for 5.
Wonderful Spring day in Colorado today.
Get out and help those around you!
Good deeds never go unnoticed.
I...but...it's Malbec.
I could see if it was chardonay or something.
But Malbec?
Why???!
TODAY ONLY at Pacific Beach Salon: First 10 people get 50OFF a BOTTLE OF LOTION!
From noon2pm get a FREE MYSTIC TAN!
ALL TANS 10 ALL DAY
On mention of year he graduated from sibling school, Columbia, 83  Moonwalk was big then, crowd urges Obama to moonwalk.
He declines.
Ha!
HA!
LeBron thought he could disguise his blatantly selfpromotional show by giving the proceeds to charity.
Save the whales but lets go eat a steak.
What the hell.
Having dinner at El Barco on Ashland tonight.
Thanks for the follow Hoping you have a lot to tweet about this fall.
..Perfect song on the radio Sing along cause its one we know It's a smile It's a kiss Its a sip of wine..
Its summertime..
3
It takes a long time to become young.
Pablo Picasso
Just finished my quiz....
GEESH.!!!!
Smh
you say selfless, I say shameless.
Either way you should be there ;
Paul: Watching Benji for the first time  some of the music is a bit over doctormatic.
Ivan thinks I'd like to make songs like this...um no
real talk.
can't flex.
the idea of super old folks kissin just crossed my mind  i was disgusted.
so i'm tellin ya'll the thought so you...
Spokenreassons funny as hell
Fernet Cocktail.
Not the best choice...tastes like my toothpaste.
Happy Bday to my bro Have the best day you can possibly have, you deserve that!
Thank you for the RT Sweetie
Can you feel it misterKrabs?
:3
Leann Rhymes, no one wants to hear you complain about not winning Mega Millions.
no wants wants to hear Blake Shelton's standup comedy
Importance of networking, research  higher ed to healthy economy  states cutting these budgets in a race to the bottom
They sure do: probably the hardest unexplainable feeling ever.
You're welcome!
Thanks.
I'll be thinking of you tomorrow:
Hi Mark, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Yo!
If you're on the west coast, make sure you watch my big bro Wayne Brady on Dancing With The Stars tonight on ABC.
He Killed it!!!!!!!!
yeah buddy!;
is watching the Spurs game!
85 bus is 35 minutes late and counting
Reading through the Google Books/Authors/Publishers settlement...
With the wifey I love u
I doctorsslikeflo last year
Thank you for coming out this weekend!
already on it!!!!
been watching for it like a hawk!
Even decaf gives me the jitters, so I only have a cup as an occasional treat.
Our campaign office in Cedarburg has yardsigns.
Come stop by, say hi, and sign up for a volunteer shift!
And since we all know women may only wear one type of Halloween costume, I humbly submit
101 IS THE AMOUNT TO BE :
I don't do yoga but shout out to the dude who was trying to suck his own dick and invented it.
Boehner says: supporting efforts to hold those people in the Department of Justice accountable for what happened.
hope u have a great weekend
When I'm in an old folks home, nothing would depress me more than seeing kids dance and sing for us while I doctorol on myself in my wheelchair
Liberty University, where you can have liberty so long as you're not liberal.
That girl is poison
In less than a year we have two engagements!!
Congrats to the couples!!
www.supertova.com
Here Comes The Handy CV Preparing App for iOS: CV Maker ...
Love it.
KMA offers creative lucidity for musicians in one of the most gorgeous spaces in New York!
Share the music :
Build A Rocket really has a completely different feel, just like each of their albums do..
I really hope it grows on you!
Is programmable baby.
Pledge for the parliament show now and listen to 1979 show...
We get a lot of we will do it then six months later we are still asking for it...
: Goodbyes are not forever.
Goodbyes are not the end.
They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again!
MarilynMonroeID
Pineapples I don't like it

I HATE YOU
TV adv for upcoming MTV/VMA awards show features the hundoctords of gloves LaCrasia Gloves made as a tribute for Michael Jackson It was anhonor
After all, a Justiciar Knight is not an ideologically insecure individual.
Anders Breivik in the Q  A section, where he is both Q  A.
in the car, on the way to dinner.
when I lived in Ohio I never lived an hr away from any casino and LA is looking weaaK right now!
My loyalty lies with Cleveland 
You ready?
BM2MTAbus Sat 6/25 2:10 west bound bus did not pick up at ANY stops!
Passed all by and we got on the BM4 instead
love to my Homies
My Minecraft review: landmark game; reinvigorated the PC gaming scene; rethinks notions of gameplay vs.
player expression.
8.5.
Still can't dance.
Ohh it was Robin, when you sass someone, it really means a something to a lot of people here.
Your sass is powerful.
Keep calm and let the boyz be your Teenage doctoram.
Whew!
Thousands and thousands of people today at the Austin Airport Flea Market.
Great bands too!
...makes fewer places seem lonely.
I'm learning how to retain who I am despite changing surroundings, and to grow.
I heart YOU for Intelligent analysis of politics!!
Awesome!
Keep doin your thang my sista!
Peace!!!
Great commentary on maddow..
thanks!
on to the finals now :
God I can't wait for St.
Patty's day...
The only time a year you can get shitfaced and puke on people and they don't care!
Could a miracle weight loss pill replace your need to exercise.
The story only on News4 at 11.
Plus Travon Martin's parents file a lawsuit
Leave it to Marmol...
can't wait to take part in Seneca life again.
No!
Really?
A check for 0.10?
good night..
My girl is the best thing that happened to me, she truly is my soul mate
What makes our fresh Guacamole better?
BACON!
Try our healthy portion for 6.25.
Perfect for an appetizer!
Proud of !
Got an amazing opportunity to add to her resume.
Ready to link it all together.
Trolling is and art
Today's crazy is brought to you by all the letters in the alphabet.
Help fight Breast Cancer with Cassiday at Planet Fitness today 12p2p!
SportingKC wecantbestopped 1 Game at a time but man this is a really good team we have!
Today the Defense was Incredible!
RT : Blue Cheese in the house!!!
RT : I am here!!!
Onions are great.
That's all.
We had to submit birth certificates for all covered dependents last year.
Seems to be a growing trend at colleges  universities.
Jumper and Hoffman from this past game would get my vote.
IT LIVES!!!
Phone less no more
Check out Nashville's Picking Violets, duo sirens,  text them: getpickingviolets to 88704.
Claire's Art Opening is in an hour, stop by to celebrate her art show.
Yepnope is obviously Republican at heart; less taxing on the tubes...
Could it be the library that unites us all?
My copy of Take Shelter just shipped!
Can't wait to watch it again
yep yep in his voice.......
look  me now!
ctfu
What's going on in the Voice Over world today?
SAN DIEGO'S CRAFT REVOLUTION is revving up.
Full speed ahead for opening day, Sunday, October 16.
hehehehe It's stuck in my head too.
If you don't know who Joshua Ledet is....you will.
I'm excited about the music to come.
When you fall for someones personality everything else about them become beautiful.
Yeah, you are!
And I wish it was nine here!
The last time I gave a shit...
hmm...
it was in my diaper.
lovegettingtold you are the ninth caller when I know there was no special deal and they don't give me anything extra.
Just nice to know.
Amen!
MT ...
candidates: show me who you are and your accomplishments, rather than just not being the other guy.
it's early 129 Ohio St
This is going to be a LONG day of work.
:
hey, you.
yeah you reading this.
you are beautiful and dont let anyone tell you otherwise.
keep your head up.
Yup.
and so you did.
lol :p what's new?
Lmfaooooo!!
That awkward moment when you don't know whether or not the person's pregnant or just fat.
Okayy then, talk to you when it's back on :
Face Full of Murder
Hey Emily, Bill Cunningham plays once more at the FestSat.4/30 12:30 Don't know if the Little will get or not
i need and to be BFF's at OSU next year....
y'all need to go to sauvies with me and be acquainted
snow!
what you talking bout denver post?
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man
no it was something he ate
I want a day for not leaving the bed!
I barely got in mine last night before I had to leave it.
Oh bed, how I miss you so.
I somehow managed to get an A in Information Technologies?
I just remembered the time almost did a front flip in the Walmart parking lot.
2012 Resolutions: Ok on working out.
Not so okay on keeping library book stack to a reasonable amount.
MUST READ MORE.
Sales people are coin operated  cool anecdote on engaging sales force in the competitive intelligence agenda from Jon Hink at Fiserv
Saturday night's alright for fighting, and 4 Jack  Absolut specials at Kilroy's Sports!
Core De Roma 214 South Street
Open til 7pm....come visit us !!!
My nose ring just stabbed the inside of my nose and it started bleeding.
I'm dying.
LmS if u crieD.
just people talkin shit.
Dont want to name any names..
imma stop doin what i do
hope 2 meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans::
Getting ready to wage war on the water coming in my basement, pretty sure this is a fruitless effort
lol for sure!
check out this cool new airport app
Giants and A's people: and I are coming to your homes soon.
Where does one sit when attending your stadium?
41days till summer
i like it.....we need to work on a pic for you though...
Titans will maul the Patriots in the home opener
Love your optimism, Erik.
Can't see the Sox winning more than maybe, 120...
Oops, I took it, sorry ; RT : I can't find my Steelers track jacket, you guys.
I'm really just bout to go back to my fuck everything and everyone attitude
i need to take a nap !
lemme put my hair up 
doctorchsler mocks gov't on Lally credibility, showing jury a list of witnesses vouching for credbility: Its a blank piece of paper.
the real spoiler is that Christina is wearing Oops I Crapped My Pants.
Thanks for following us!
Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Irony is rarely lost on me.
narrows eyes, stares into the distance
Secondhand pink or black blouses, why so hard to find?
where is it at today
Obama is more conservative than Ronald Reagan when you look at actual policy...
the parties exist to benefit the rich.
sometimesyouhaveto talk to yourself for the only sane conversation of the fucking day
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree!
RT : My 7yo daughter wants to learn French!
Reading Madeleine books.....
I know
What I want you've got And it might be hard to handle Like the flame that burns the candle The candle feeds the flame
yes He is more than able!!!
Thank you for the follow: ,
I finished school for today: now I can enjoy my thanksgiving break!
If you get lost tonight for the Glenfiddich Scotch Tasting event, shoot me a text or tweet and I'll help with directions!
Missed my 400th tweet.
haha where did that come from?
but yes let em know!
Yum.
We love those sour, tangy flavors.
do you do PayPal?
The Calvins on the Praying Calvin decals are asking God for a glass of water, so they can pee on more logos.
DJ ENVY ONE SPINNING  THIRSTY THURSDAYS AT RELIC LOUNGE
no way your a rock star !
You was my Everything i thought we had more then this /3
Do you need divorce, bankruptcy or other documents, but can't afford to pay a big lawyer's fee?
CALL US AT 474 9988 / 352 3275
I have video footage from concert this morning..hoping to upload to FB soon.
Didn't notice there either.
The judges made a terrible decision not picking you for a wildcard ;
nerfin just being Susie homemaker : What it do shawty RT : hey boo
just chilling I don't have anything to do :x
How do you cook vegatables in the microwave ?
Take them out their wheelchair.
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc.
Much better product and easyer business Opportunity...
You're in marketing.
And Irish.
I figure you were born w/ a command of a play on words!
not much time for tweeting on Shark Street

I love you too.
Ima still beat your ass tho 
lol..
adam is laughing at me
cant stop watching you sing on youtube!
Maybe I'll have to go to see you in Chicago.
How excited are you?!
Let today be a day of renewal and let us resurrect those doctorams inside and claim victory over death!
even deeper
When I muss you I Reread our old conversations and smile like an idiot.
: : Content curators distribute their curated collections  to FB, Twitter not behind standalone websites
what do you do when your watching a baby and a4 year old and your brother is not helping
www.platinumposts.com :
Just opened my wallet to buy lunch and found very soggy bills; vestige of Saturday's U2 concert in the rain.
i know me too im hungry haha
Un placer!!!
Bendiciones :
awesome idea!
i know of a few medians and boulevards this might work with...
Good morning3.
was it ever about the medium?
I've come back to follow Terry Teachout twitter opera rehearsals from Santa Fe.
Convergence culture indeed.
Next: an opera in 40 characters?
give em hell dave
Hey  does Randy have any new merchandise coming out?
I need some shades or at least a tshirt.
What is your biggest pet peeve?
This time Jasmine tweeted autocratic power
you are just the cutest thing ': x
i'm currently trying out diasp.org, but would love an invite to the main site.
thanks and good work!
fridayreads AND SHE WAS  trying to fit in Lily Marie's schedule.
Argh!
Intrigued by hints of Brenna's older sis's story
alright, it will be early tho of that's cool?
what was that B2B blog you mentioned?
if It wasn't so boring at work I would be okay with it.
Facebook is quiet too!
Aaahhh!
49ers the kick return man was wrong for doctorpping two balls, and should be ashamed of himself!
oh yeah gl final 8
Back to work!
RT : The alltime NFL Experience attendance record has just been broken with a day and a half left to go.
you're nicer than me, I was thinking peefilled balloons.
Anyone else really want to run a marathon across China's new Jiaozhou bridge?
let's get Zayn to notice us!!
:
perecki Careful about tugging scarf, hand wringing.
Hold pen?
so like letting patrons FB/Twitter about your org to spread mktg message?
aww I hope my sons feel the same way when they're grown up!
One leaves for college in 2 years
I mean, I have.
I don't call you anymore, remember?
On my way to the crib
Every girl signature move in a fight is hair pull.
: What radio station were you listening to?
I'm not certain but it was local to DC.
WhatIf the Patriots Send off bites them in the ass?
It was like the Pats WON the Superbowl?
Act like you've been here!
Boston Worst :
Three words to describe yesterday?
Lease.
Avocado.
Slayer.
Three words for today?
Shins.
Penthouse.
Wine.
Let's make a silent movie!
Henderson of points out that gains at the secondary level have grown sharply since 2007
bitch jk but i cant believe u left this aweesome account :P
Get it together ladies lol RT : Needs to get these vegas plans together..
we need a travel agency!!
hey now...
What is your WWF user name?
I can't find you!
so...
like when she sleeps?
cc:
aww, you're nice, too.
he there, sorry for the long wait on the response.
Sorry Yanuar, but I do not have time to deal with his issue.
It's only thursday tomorrow.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
Working next to 2 plates of cookies is challenging.
GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PPL!
lol she's cool, hood name but she ain't ghetto
Then there is the answer  another cup of coffee it is, Machineorama!
cooked for a wedding of 120, last night.
Today is the first of 13 catered events in 8 days for the SF world music festival
Getting a headache.
22,191 per day, every day for 10 years.
That's what budget would carve from NYS.
Don't block grant Medicaid!
Awww, thanks for the RT, Viola!
Actually finished reading but still thinking about Keeper by Kathi Appelt
Going Home!
I Shall Have Wat I Decree!
And It Is So
So many pretentious assholes at Starbucks.
Glad I've cut back my coffee indulgence not only for financial reasons but also sanity reasons!
ass kissers are dangerous!
can help you out!
check out our website.
www.stardesignsa.com

pure 3!!!
are you around sxswi today?
we can storm the CBS studio and fill it with information awesome.
Moms love lavender!
Lavender soap, bath salts, and bath bombs are ready to ship!
www.thesoapguy.com
salsa tonight at Adega in Chinatown 10PM with DJ Rod Moreno
people hate on Miranda Cosgrove?
I've never seen such a thing.
this cant be good.
This is me wishing I could reach through the Internet and give a hug.
hallyu comes to my neighborhood: was first and now , dueling froyo joints in
You want some real music follow me
The Maserati business is great.
How's the writing business?
Stop by whenever you'd like.
You know where to find us!
No run guys an scott kick that alphas butt LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
thanks for the RT.
Hope you can make it to on Friday.
Cool website my friends.
Thank you for following.
Congrats to for the musicBUZ card win
very true.
And why does he flip his hair when he doesn't have any hair to flip????
The mag has three versions.
Stories from the A version are often online.
Thanks for sharing the link.
:
I wish it was Summer to be bringing my body fat down this low!
I've never been so cold!
I hate you all
Felt that coming....
humans.
for Stiegler dogs are human, for Derrida and Gadamer, cats are human, so Neanderthals get a pass....
I havent but will look for some.
Im on a mission to discover new whites this summer!
Ticket sales aren't great.
We're looking for the good people of Baltimore to get the buzz going.
Got my Thin Mints.
Life is good.
email blast just went out to all registered for DC!
Let me know if you didn't receive it.
We're ramping things up.
5 days..

in deep thought
This is reason that we still, and will always, need a local daily newspaper.
Congratulations, again.
The 2013 All Star Game is at Citi Field, on my birthday.
Might have to do something with that.
Why not bring her some fresh food tomorrow morning?
oddly enough, she's worth it.
may have a new career as a sports commentator.
Ouch...
also wretched strings in that video.
Sorry.
Hope You No This , Taking Pictures On Your Sink Isn't Attractive Hoe!
CLUB EMPIRE IS FILLIN UP GET HERE
merry christmas eve ;
Finished reading The Life of PeteTownshend by Mark Wilkerson.
Excellent thorough.
Pete's autobio Who Am I will be released in October.
You can stream some of the performances online live.
DM me your email if you want to join our mailing list to keep up :
Just a little bit Irish, but a big Happy St.
Patty's Day to all!
Wish you the luck 'O the Irish in the coming year!
juwan howard has checked into the game.
im one of 20 fans left in the building with 6 mins left.
omg eddy curry gotta go
We all really really do hope you come back to the United Kingdom to do your concerts again!
Great, now I have to stress over seeing my mom.
o.o
though, that really only strengthens the argument in favor of your proposed LH tag...
Parrot jungle
woah, me and made the fuck!?
Hopefully suggs won't miss the entire season
Need serious improvement.
Enthusiastic parents enter kids in preK, but get nervous about MS by 2nd, 3rd grade.
dont be so negative
There's a reason why people stay in your past .
getting my tickets to see in Austin on friday : Can't wait!
July can't come fast enough!!
Is it too early to go to bed?
old?
As Yoda once said, when 900 years you reach, look as good you will not!
Thanks for the wishes and love you too!
My bad, we really were the only ones in MKE playing it.
Just checked Hog's played it 4x ever.
Good call, though.
RT
Speaker of assembly sheldon silver would need repub votes to pass the lines.
Votes in both houses exected today
There is nothing convenient about convenience charges...
yes my cousin sings they did that song for UNICEF and featured Pau.
She loves him.very down to earth person ever!
haha good ; that's amazing bieber's cool.
I like the song Baby
I would turn around for a tuna melt.
Miss America 2012 I hope sc win or nc it don't really matter.
thanks for coming to KC!
What a fun night out.
yes!
she looks amazing:
wiunion The Silent Threat is coming to its goal.
We may not need to recallwalker Wisconsin Justice will prevail not money.
If u see her eating fried chicken wrapped in foil in the grocery store ..
he can go to Creighton if he wants
Found a great Freddie Hubbard album Night of the Cookers Double disc 4 tracks.
It's a recording of a jam session from 1965
the closest I've seen is ethnography of sport.
like the famous cockfighting piece.
Lmao RT : Yeah, cause that old ass Buy You A doctornk is annoying lol RT : Time for a new ringtone.
and congrats to the top three Bateman competition finalist
Out late dancing w/ and and now up early for a day of funs w/ 2 appearances by !
So much diesel call my trap spot the gas station, hustle hard spend all day doing math equations
A white suburban male just asked me Why the heck would you want to go to King?...you sir cant begin to imagine.
I'll try it
Aww, kinda sad..
everything suddenly feels like a
Then maybe I should just kickstarter tour America making awesome vids for people, meeting geniuses
SUMMER SUMMER SUMMER!!!!!
Summer vacation is only about 84 days away!!!!
Might have to catch up on Punkd after rehearsal I hear liamhensworth is
WTH was Thomas doing?
a Chameleon beer?
ha
Everyone is saying the same thing, and I'm started believing it, but I don't want to lose you.
So how does it feel to be free???:
Stop by www.Shastic.com  claim ur performer's portfolio, watch ur SFBayArea Fans spin it like a beach ball in Facebook  get more gigs!
Life is filled with beauty.
See it.
Notice the bumble bee, the small baby, plus the smiling faces.
nice shirt
If Dunkin' Donuts stopped serving coffee the world would eventually become less philistine.
In Toronto?
Where at?
Tickets still for sale?
Send us the exact addoctorss and we'll report to the Streets SWEEP Unit.
Thanks!
I guess it's the American way haha
I'd be more excited for summer if there wasn't any summer AP work.
i hate stupid bitches!
1cent fishbowl size doctornks on the patio of Firehouse on Thursdays for girls!
DJ convince on the decks inside!
Thanks for following!
Greatly appreciate it!
:
And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper.
Marge Gunderson, Fargo
RT : halloffame2012  I'm now a new prog rock listener to , loving all of it
RT : A7 We have learned that CSR needs to be integrated in a strategic manner within and across your business
If u r over 21 u ain't missn,u don't wanna b fuckn bothered no mo..family get a clue.
cuz there stupid beauty keep yo head up they will feel dumb later
I dont understand how you can guarantee that 200 other people will follow a person.
wouldn't hurt to check, but you'd better have a plan B too :p
rooftop Bahn Mi with Ian Everall in the BK...
everything is as it should be...
xx, joseph
Walter Johnson's Soul By Soul is definitely one of my intellectual inspirations.
Careful anthropology from a 150 year remove!
Amazing.
People in my BIM class think that having 10 followers is worth bragging about.
Pfffft.
yea and I told him to get the pro with cd player
My mansion sittin in 40 acres who da neighbors
look who I found lol
A true Wizard!
Good luck in Montreal.
45 minutes before the BREADA board meeting...
prep my gear for the shoot or play a little EVE Online?
Visit www.ActingInLA.org for answers to all your frequentlyaskedquestions about all things acting in

But ah yes, ArizonaThat would be a nice escape from Houston this summer ;
: TONIGHT ONLY!
Bring your Carter jersey to team store by end of 1st period, well change nameplate to J.Johnson for FREE!
There is no such thing as a safe job...let the entrepreneur within breathe a bit...
Snow there is snow in Sun City!
it's so cold my dogs had to stay inside today.
And the Notre Dame vs.
Miami game is soo cold :
X boss r u in a new position?
meetings are never the same without you ;
Follow and I will keep you up to date on the latest news.
Also, check out: www.findunifi.com
NP Ti live in the sky
good morning bout to scoop
I would really enjoy some coffee right about now.
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent.
Norman R.
Augustine
The TodPod runs on cuteness.
The cuter your toddler, the longer it runs.
For parents of uglies, standard lithium battery sold separately.
New show title: 'yettobenamedorwrittenshowsostopbotheringmemom.' But seriously, leaning towards The Storm Beneath Her Skin
I will be there in 15 minutes
Jimmy Johns just delivered my sub in 6 minutes.
awww : i was gonna say itll probably work tomorow....
how's it going?
Ha I should have just stayed over there schoolsucks RT : Unplanned Allnighter 2.....success?
Don't forget to checkin on to unlock the s doctornk specials!
Ready to go home.
Pissed off
s/o to / for helpin make an awesome album...can't wait to share it, spread the word!!
Lol beginning of May.
I'll ball you up whenever then.
Good Frggn luck !
Don't know what's wrong with your Mac?
Schedule a Free diagnosis and get a detailed analysis and firm repair price quote.

Annual mtgFriends of Lake View Hill Park on Feb 18, 1012 at Dane Co.
Human Services, 1202 Northport doctor
its insane how exhausted i am /
i know high school suckkkkkkkkkssssssss
Where can I get the Kinvara3 in DC areas tomorrow?
Dying to get my hands, er, feet on them.
Interesting but maybe GenY is more intense about the brands they do support.
...
lol yea.
Every team of mine.
Fantasy or real.
Is cursed like a mother fucker.
Pisses me off.
RT : I killed it at the wake, turns out people are really looking to laugh at those things, great place to try new material!
has started a new webtool to share/manage sketches for the concepts  hopes to release it in the next week or so.
hay i dont think we r coming down for the graduation i dont think yet?
HAPPPYYBIRTHDAY KENDALL!!!!!!!!!
HAPPPYBIRTHDAAYY !!
Here in Vegas we love you with all our heart!!
FollowBack ???
Hey  we're in the same room!
Online/meatspace crossover!
nothing, y u say that?!?
Lol
Loud day in MKE.
Air show  the lake front  Rockerbox on Center st.
Wish I could spend a few hrs  Rockerbox such is life as a performer
i know that is growing up but i know he will never change, he will always be the kid from Stratford3
The show will be here and gone be for i know it and well be on to the next one still cant wait...
cha CHITOWN STAND UP
MT : Thanks for making DoveInspired the 1 hashtag in the USA!
...excited to support with 15K.
tough to ignore AXE
Hold that thought
Letting your phone ring a few times before answering so you seem busy .
campus is rainy and mostly deserted
I'm sorry that you're so unhappy that you have to go ruin someone else's happiness.
People thought uconn wasnt punished enough...
well the fall out is for sure worse then the punishment
Listening to Chef Aid CD that I worked on years ago.
SO FUNNY!
I recorded the Isaac Hayes vocals for Chocolate Salty Balls.
Fun
I totally meant some in that last tweet.
Aw thank you haha.
I hope you guys love it!!
3
...and the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom..
Spending time with a brief online course.
need more time to learn more.
Got work, 1 interview and more to do.
: so how was school
100 off of your next 3 week detox if purchased by Dec.
16th.
We only do this once a year!
Almost gave up on tix but thanks for letting us know they were still out there.
See you 9/3 right in front of the stage!
RT : Erick Tseng: New countries adopting Facebook have few PCs.
Most new users are now on Mobile.
thnx ken are you coming today ?
At hyvee with and getting dat pop and chips for dat LAN on friday.
What up!
Up early because I don't like to waste time
Lol !
LeToya .
I knw what u mean .
so u can see if their talkin bout u .
I get that feelin
I am MLIS student working on similar issues.
Look for study with Arnone, Small and Reynolds on PCIS from Syracuse University CDL
Just returned from LT12UK and had a great time!
Zenler's booth was hopping and all the work the guys have done is paying off!!!
This is awkward.
Actually you totally are and especially if I dont see you at track tomorrow!
Okay..
I see you getting your pirouette on!
Getting compliments through the doctorvethru lovetheseguys :
Julianne Moore AND a photo shoot?
Sounds like a great day!
haha i had more of a stripes/top gun hope for myself
quotes Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good.
Failing is a much more sobering and enlightening experience.
i know right.
Just admit your dating and call it a day
Fox's The Five: Takes the combined IQs of 4 rightwing blowhards to  1 liberal.
PART 1 NABOR GUY IS PISSED LOOKED OUT SIDE AND HE WAS UPSTAIRS WITH A BAT YEA YELLING AT THEM TURN YOUR FUCKIN MUSIC DOWN  PAT FORD
The weirdest guy alive is at the gym right now.
I don't whether to laugh or be scared as he lifts these weights and sings shakira.
Saw a commercial for Glee.
That show is still on?
Of those 9 Rays up and down, 1 got on and got caught stealing.
ur tweets are scaring me!
No cars go.
C.R.E.A.M Cash Rules Errthang Around Me!!!
So, who got to play with two 1month old baby tigers yesterday?
THIS GIRL!!
My thoughts exactly!
If this were a mall I'd be a lot more worried.
If a girl is silent, it's dangerous.
They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
i followed you
Good morning everyone!
Howard Schultz Was One Of Jamba Juice's Early Investors, Now He's Competing Against Them via
When there's nothing to do in the office and you sit around with the interns and listen to Seattle jams.
Love this.
Oatmeal and loaded hashbrowns
can i get a tweet from you so my monday will be a little bit better?
ive had a hard weekend 
I'm turning this game off tired of the calls
Congrats, dude ...
make us all proud.
BoilerUp.
RT : Gold
Oh boy it's not even funny how hungry I am
Prada the clear winner tonight, best doctorssed Kate Bosworth and LOVE Diane Kruger both in Prada and feathers
Um sleep eludes me!!.
Better now, I guess...
BizJet International Sales  Support Inc.
Resolves FCPA Investigation  Agrees to Pay 11.8 Million Criminal Penalty
you're the best.
:
Well then they are going to have to feature me too.
I can't stop watching.
You show the lady eating the fabric softener, right?
Got a new student aide today, 7th grader.
Said being library aide was his doctoram job.
And he was serious!
Love it!
So America can't hire workers, Yet they can hire people in Middle America for 500 a month on phone calls?
and ik I'm just messing with you too buddy
When you see me speak up that's all.
great news I love the yellows!
Does it matter how you cook it for the nutrients?
Holy Crap!
2 huge power slams, punches and 56 seconds later it's done.
Charles Bennett wins  huge backflip off the top bar.
To all the bostonians at sxsw you are missing the great weather here...
70 yesterday  it is now its snowing.
Excited to watch on today.
Mizzou and Bills nation is looking at the next media mogul :
imagine Niall: Did u have fun last night with your name ?
Liam: yes she screamed my name so loud.
;
Wow!
Idol is back,ah !
Loved Phillip Phillips!!!
Reason number 4,376 to hate math: Because I know that Excel could really help save me grading time if only I could understand formulas.
PANDA EXPRESS Best Creation Ever!!!!!!!
Today I am extremely thankful for my new friends that 'follow' me.
::puts hand gun to your head:: PUT THE FUCKING VITA DOWN!
::turns gun to the side like a gangsta!::
Sophia Grace and Rosie Go Shopping!: via
RAINCUDDLE
Very much looking forward to this whole sleep thing
Retweet for a shoutout!
: :D
OH regarding delegates at the SD 25 convention: 2 by body count, at least 34 by combined weight.
Longstreet Friday night or no ?
It is as if the modern human soul had awakened here.
Oh your dating my ex already?
I thought the 5 second rule only applied for food.
It was written by a friend, so I'll pass along your commentshe will be thrilled!
Congrats on all 6 Grammys won.
Well deserved!
keep bringin that fire!
Ohh Aha Now I Read It Right Lol 
Hamachi Jalapeno  let's take it up a notch and you won't wanna stop, ZeeZ!
No games w payrolltaxcut  WarrenBuffetts secretary shouldnt have to pay more than 2nd richest man in US
She wight be coming home 2night...but very late.
like a boss
ready to go already cuz
It's cool.
We appreciate the support!
The G20 tour
aw that's nice, have fun!
you might not even get injured socked in the butt.
I was thinking worse case socked in the face
Big Shout Out To My Whole Team In Queens, Manhattan  Brooklyn!
I like how some people don't like me because of my past, well grow the fuck up everything that happened in the past doesn't define who I am.
in the Lab , Beatmaking .
.
my teacher just screamed out winning !
Thanks to plastic surgery, anyone can now look like an elderly teenager.
I was there yesterday but they let me go home early  I was at home today.
My nail still hurts!!!!!!
Just try and get up, you gotta slowly brush off.
I know that words arent enough, but youre better than this
Working out
Ain't nothin wrong with a few dudes blasting The Talking Heads and dancing around a room.
Yawn, I'm tired.
thats whats up!
cusco is amazing.
i didn't see lima, aside from the airport  which has a good selection of books.
oh so that was all your idea!!
I missed myI heart my poodle But I believe you owe me the ones you got me:
I love you Michelle!
Eben singing Set Fire to the Rain was AMAZING.
There really is no good place to study in car barn
Such a great day with Bean,  :D love you guys!3
all these dick suckers on my tl.
I get up early and have my coffee and quiet time :
I would venture to say the single most polarizing issue in America today is Zooey Deschanel
: Fifty Shades of I Shouldn't be Reading This at Work
ALERT: My hotmail has been hacked, so please don't click on any links in strange emails you may receive from me  I didn't send them!
Sorry!
remind me not to piss any of you off.....
You look pretty in that picture
Heartbroken on Easter.
Gotta love it.
Happy Easter everyone.
/3
My magpies play the dirty boy blues this weekend!
Time to seperate the men from the boys
At the dentist!
Awesome!
RT : Oh my goodness!
We've sold 4 homes in less than an hour.
That's one home almost every 15 minutes!!
Get excited!
Rachel's Sweet Sixteen
Russell Westbrook is too freaking cocky...I can't stand that!!!
If your good at something BE HUMBLE!!!
Way more mature
28k ya cutie.
If I don't make it out of work in time for the EcoBall, will I turn into an organic, local, sustainably harvested pumpkin?
Richie Farina creating moto magic with his new dim sum dish.
It looks amazing!
yeah I'm back in NY for the summer.
Marriage is sacred, other folk need to just butt out.
lolol.
Omg.
Really?
That's pretty darn amazingg!..
creative!
haha :
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot.
Trivia Night at Caffrey's!
3 Big Ass Beers, 3 Long Islands, and 3 Bacardi Mixers!
No one lol I gotta eat dinner at home RT : Whogon brang you taco bell??????????????
Always kiss your childoctorn goodnight  even if they're already asleep.H.
Jackson Brown, Jr.
That's it.
That's all the talks.
We'll have the website updated this evening with all the speakers and talk descriptions
same problem with my potential burlesque names.
so is your mother's maiden name Delfin?
Seeing all these iCarly posts on Tumblr is making me so emotional!
THAT'S TERRIBLE!
I'm sorry.
As a psychological trick, I'm doctornking water out of soda cans...seems to work great so far..try it out!
Tell the most beautiful mom WANDA, Happy Mothers day:
Oh you daaadn't!
You did it.
It's all over now :P
hey michelle can you hit me up sam.sessabaltsun.com
Thinkin' about playing a show in Nashville for a change...it's been some time.
loving the fun and off the wall job opportunities
when she broke the nuke in the girls closet
Our society has more gyms, diets, low fat alternatives,  all we've done since adopting that 50 yrs ago is get fatter
Pediatrician asked me for one word to describe her: Willful.
Holy cow!
What a great turn out!
We've had to move ahead.
We're all the way to
maybe..wink wink :
That feel when people say it's very, very ridiculous to watch 30 shows at once.
Guess they haven't been around enough hardcore anime fans.
It took me three calls to EMS to get the right addoctorss  they kept putting out the wrong addoctorss  but I knew it was Dorothy Brazile's house
Just saw your Gotye cover, legit LOVED it.
You bring a passion to that song, which is vital.
Bravo!
Back from Creekside Blues/Jazz Festival  Ohio!
Thank you to everyone who came out to support  thanks for the love and right back at you.
spoken like a true HAITIAN!!
lol
my apt is right across the street from churches chicken, its always crowded tho
its a pleasure for us to have you have that title!
NBC crew is brutal today
Reese Witherspoon usually looks great.
However that I'll firing top is doing nothing for her.
MLS preseason in high gear and the Charleston Cup Challenge and NCAA Spring seasons are just a few weeks away!!!
Nirvana for a scout!
I want lots and lots of tattoos
it's good to see another twittering schoch, sorry about the long ride home.
My daughter from south DC has same problem.
so your name is guy directioner and you're wearing a 1D shirt bam 22,000 followers magic
WTF are they doing out there???
My Republican predecessor.
Okay, Barack, we know who that is.
No need to pussyfoot.
Julian or Nick M
I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal...
Angelina Jolie
FOLLOWMEALEX it would make me soo happy!!!
not until the 18th!
Hoping I can catch up on sleep before then!
Enjoying Oskar Blues Deviant Dale's IPA.
Wow, hats off to the brewmaster  expertly crafted!!
Hi Marc!
We sent you a message about the release of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We would love your feedback!
Thanks!
So there three nails in my tire.
: I'm late for work now ugh
really has the BEST BBQ in Central Texas!
just fantastic!
Thrilled to see...hoping it means See3 is growing.
Anyone leaving?
I hope not!
Such a great crew.
still gotta make it happen for the family!
:
Scanner Monitor: Injury Accident Atchison and Quincy.
East of Parker Road.
debating going to the Sixers game tomorrow
TOWIE can't believe everyone watches this crap!
Paris Hilton announces she's going on a DJ tour and will be releasing an album of house music.
I wonder if she knows what Wal Mart is yet.
Me too.
awe lucky!
How'd you get to Skype with him?!
just walked by my truck without even noticing it...
oh how times have changed
PROUDof1D :D forever and ever
Thanks so much for your support!
T.G.I.F.!!
Congrats to all the DMDC Awards finalists, and thank you to everyone for being a part of this community :
you know what sucks .....
When you can't email yourself
I love seeing the staplescenter poppin!
Just like old times
FF Congratulations on your NYSSMA viola solo yesterday.
And...it's finally over.
Now you can rest a bit.
time for some joy division
New perspectives tonight ..
Five people are arrested in southern China after a teenager sold his kidney so he could buy an iPh..
I hate myself.
so so much
getting ready for church...
another beautiful sunday 
its hard living the life i live, but anything worth having is worth fighting for,
It must have been in FLA right?
: Sarah Phillips is real.
I just banged her by the pool last night.
I got an old Jon boat that I stowed down there On them hot summer nights when I get awild hare I got a moonshine stash in a cypress stump.
Playing whiffleball at lax practice 
Watched TheRumDiary again last night.
Better the second time around.
LRT YOU ARE BLESSED TRENTON.
haha everyone thinks it's fake accnt.
i just made it to have a timeline i can read hah
Don't forgettomorrow's the SuperBowl!
Why not watch at Fridays?
You can enjoy our awesome food and doctornks while you watch the game!
The final space shuttle launch is eight minutes away!
Back to school tomorrow..
How am I supposed to cover up these dots...??!
ther is a kid i knw tht luks just like doctorke same eye brows,same everything wit doctorads luks completley diff and more sexy
Legler is right.
Pple often misunderstand that the THREAT of a play often has more impact on a game than thing itself.
For me, the most disturbing maneuver has been the dissolution of the parent advisory groups.
He is an autocrat
RT : On a 1st come, 1st served basis Bronze Badges will also be available starting April 25th at Credential Offices.
Barefoot women on the track walkover forgot to bring shoes worth walking in dirt, are avoiding broken heels or ankles.
Really?!?
I can get an brand new Apple product that I won't mention by name for FREE?
Thanks for letting me know, strangers.
This may be the inventors always do, but my way a little different.
Im thinking while tweeting..
um...
Check your DM
Dont hurry, dont worry.
Youre only here for a short visit.
So be sure to stop and smell the flowers.
Walter Hagen
Those people on twitter who take way too many pictures of themselves just to show how self centered they really are
Or they're not...
.
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
The editorial actually made me feel depressed.
In my mind, that means it was well written.
Kudos.
Its about to go down.
what was it like working with Martin Scorsese on HUGO?
I just ordered a Large Pizza and 20 Medium Wings.
If you were getting 20 wings, what sauce would you order?
Live music tonight at Six.
Timbers truck is still here and have plenty of prizes!
I'd want both 22  28 unlike what Sherman did when he traded Hasselbach to Holmgren.
It looks like I will indeed have Trimet passes all summer.
I am so excited for the freedom.
Prepare for Tower Tavern in KC to explode in tminus 9.6 seconds if KU holds on.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow  tweet me something!: I love you both so much!4
work till 5pm
Fuck girlproblems...
I cut my finger open on a coconut the other day...
Who has been to the ZooBrew?
Considering going this fall.
Ok really NY?
you WOULD blow a 7 point lead..
Beat Tampa!!
GO BOSTON!!!!
ah what a crazy night of baseball
the Relative Strangers and Feed the Feeble all playing live at Arts for kids CHOC benefit event!
8/21 from 28pm!
Bitch, i don't have to do shit for you.
Don't.
hopefully!!!
I'm sure we'll come back sometime in may :
Thanks for the RT's!
RT : Someone helping you is not always your friend and someone opposing you is not always your enemy.
So thrilled to be back at as a NYer  this food has lingered in my mind for over a year!
4sq.com/rBMBHZ
Anyone else love parfait??!
Sunshine Megatron never RTs because doing that is super gay.
one hundoctord followers..that's a bit unexpected.
that is so true
Enjoy movies discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I actually did all my homework before midnight.
I'm proud of myself.
hoping to see you at June 4 barcamp to build apps for local communities codeforoakland.eventbrite.com
We're doing collaborative google presentations  native folk tales, then will share outanyone want in?
Equality of mind is indispensably necessary in the married state.
If you dislike Snyder as a Redskins fan, then download the local beat of Wired World of Sports, available on iTunes
Waving Back!!!
It's too early 
I love sleep, because my life has the tendency to fall apart when Im awake.
Just wondering...is it bad when u go to Cafe du Monde 2 times in one day?
Too gorgeous to work on a wknd.
But in an Entrepreneurs world, it's just 7 days to get it done.
enjoying my day at for the Future Media Fest!!
hahahha ; it's true me ad Harry ;
Tensions are high at the Capitol today, sheesh.
I appreciate it bro, I'm trying.
But how long you been onn MM?
btw, checked out ur blog today and i am so jealous that u can wear 1 piece body suit, WERK BISH!!!!!
u look gorgeous
I want to give a big welcome to for joining twitter!
i dont like showin my feelings but u can always tell
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 87
If it means we can doctornk during toddlerintensive times, I'm all for it.
RT : Politics  Prose Bookstore Applies for Liquor License
RT Imagine how differently an injury like Rivera's would be covered if it had happened to a Mets player.
thanks for featuring our video for Losing Streak by on the front page of your website.
Cheers, Lance
Happy 4th of July!
independence freedom party!!!
Glad I got dvr so I can watch the regularshow anytime I want
haha boring but addicting...hm
On average 500 different chemicals can be found in American homes!
Does God Really Want Us To Fear Him/Her
Watching the game .
.
I think of one person smh  gotta stop !
Cowboys let's go!!
Responded to FIRE  4349 Route 43, East Greenbush, NY 12144.
Red Cross auto update.
shit enjoying this atlanta heat how about u!
good night 33
: Hello Farmville, NC!
See y'all tonight?!
THERES A REAL FARMVILLE?!
That's where those requests come from...
Night 2 of RABBITS commences at 8.
Late Night Magic Show with David London after!
Stay cool mutha fuckaz y'all know the rules
Whoa!
First inning runsplosion!
Just kidding, AN HOUR AND A FUCKING HALF IS A LONG TIME
Do you think it was a good idea for Rex Ryan to play a Pats fan in a movie?
8 of college students in the US have a tablet
Thank you Susie!
Totally appreciate it!!
Listening to  on SIR Internet Radio.
So awesome to hear you guys live!
I saw you too you were busy.
If he do what I think he gunna do.....
imma be pissed AF!
.
LotusOfSiam It's the truth.
Thx to all  for mixing the very best of Kansas City into your cocktails.
:
I work at noon Sunday but yeah I would love to have brunch with you mal
saw Funny People and thought cast cute.
Hated sexual and curse words Lets teach kids good stuff.
I think I need to do Stand up again.
I think not lol
Everyone follow  NOW!!
Hes an awesome singer :D And belieber !!
RT!!

I'm jus happy
Wednesday, March 28, 9 a.m.4 p.m., Falls Room, UC, AmeriCorps Info Session.
Lucky to be dining with C.C.
Yin.
The Asian mister McDonald's has a great story.
5th place!
My Pro Debut.
Thanks
BangData!
Raza, this is not the Daily Recap.
It's one of bands who'll play at Csar Chvez Festival.
April 21.
24thSt.
Starting noon
No one is talking to me ;
Let's change it up, can't wait for football BearDown Go Bears
Blog: Social Learning and Student Engagement
lol we went in a group bro.
I had already saw it tho.
It might just be fade....
she is a doll bebi
me to
thinks that somewhere a bet has just been settled, favoring the unlikely.
These chocolates contain milk solids and the most eaten chocolates in the world
Good news for rhe PULP BOY film?
Stay tuned ...
whens your next show?
you need to change ur password to lose the virus
400 employees will be added to new agency...It will be properly staffed.
Just slept about 13 hours.
That was awesome.
I went on FB to message a friend I haven't talked to in a while.
He deleted his page, and now I have no means of contacting him.
:
that's something you're going to have to learn for yourself.
Ask friends how to upload to the group.
Do you listen to music at work?
What's on YOUR Humpday playlist?
Right now  chugging along with a little Cut Chemist.
Makes life funkier.
Oh yeah.
Disney knows how to do the tearjerkers.
Happy Easter!
The first person ever!
RT Heard another demo last night!
I have officially heard 3/5 of the upcoming EP:
89 and falling
Hey , if you send me a note saying my tickets are ready for download, then the link shouldn't say your tickets aren't ready yet.
sold.
Sorry
I cant with this usher board today...n
Always represent for US.
Thanks.
Randomly craving some McDonalds O.o
Romeo calling a good game against Brady but not against Tebow??
spreading it out!
We want press throughout post!
Big shot after big shot everytime!
You tell 'em Mike Breen
Everyone on twitter follow simpsonizeeerr
Happy Mother's Day 2 all Mother's  Mother's on Twitter Nation!!!!!!!!!!!
Nobody really invites me to do anything.
Ever.
fucking headache but spotify is addicting
haha I was a little earlier
Leftovers from Mom  Kid Swap will be donated to the Junior League of New Orleans.
Thanks JLNO for your support!
are there cookbooks you like or do you just steam and puree basic veggies by themselves?
do u use ice cube trays to freeze?
: glad to hear that :p anything special happening this week?
yes u r!
Follow and Retweet and maybe you're the lucky one who wins the brand new iPad we allot at 2000 followers!
'Making Plans' is really good!
The Silk Tie likes Sean!
Can't see the tie in your professorle picture, need more?
thesilktie.com
Thank you doll!!!!
Layli Maparyan named new executive director of Wellesley Centers for Women
almost time to watch So Random!
cant wait!!!!!
is guna be singing Mistletoe!!
333
So far the day is off to a great start.
What more can I ask for?
Well, except for a million dollars maybe 2 million.

Spock said highly illogical
Every wedding should be summed up in these 10 words RT : Good food, good doctornks, great family, good friends, great memories
A let's go shark chant in Pittsburgh?
Can anyone confirm?
Raven birthday tomorrow:
mos def.
thought you all would enjoy
Goodnight everyone:
digital/multimedia advocate thrilled to finally receive printer for office...irony?
I wish I had won those mega millions!
Oh well, let's go KU!
Excited for the CarrieDiaries!
So true, and even has wifi these days :.
It's still not the Fort tho...
I have have found my 2012 halloween costume!
doctor Wicked Witch of the Cornell West!
This Thursday The Trash Bar TenPM
I missed the tweet too I was texted about it haha.
But duh!
Im going, I think we're getting a hotel down the street from the mall
HubbleSite  NewsCenter  The Milky Way Contains at Least 100 Billion Planets According to S...
your site is so artful  and not just the content.
Thanks for the shout out.
: There's nothing more cringeworthy than a guy with long fingernails  what if he plays guitar?
Mondays don't always have to be bad!
Come to Thomas St.
Bistro, show that ur following us  get a fourse meal for only 12.99!
35 fucking minutes..that's nothing!!!
Stop bitching!
Just listening to sad country songs and making cookies at 10 p.m..
What is life?!?
yesterday!!
When I was talking to you about Farrars.
Moving national conversations about nonprofessort leadership to the local.
Impacting locally, sharing nationally
keep at it girls :
It wasn't a settlement.
ATT is proposing a settlement to avoid the precedent of the small claims case they already lost.
hahahahahahaha i already did cuz i was eating to fast!!
How do you make metal not so shiny?
Use sandpaper.
When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Bali yeswe use sandpaper but VERY gently.
Cool Jack.
Can we do 10:05am ET tomorrow?
Can you DM or email me your  if thats cool?
Thanks Jack...
so r u still Gona Be n ATL for ur shoot
Whether you want to give yoga a try or you already love it, come to MBG this Weds, Thurs, and/or Sun for free trial classes and orientation!
Have you paid your 2012 donation yet?
If not call 5124714439 and pay over the phone!
We don't want you to miss out on the upcoming season!
MyBiggestProblem loosing interest in friendships.
i need a girl yo lol
Happy birthday to the most wonderful husband in the world.
I love you
About to finally crack Love in the Time of Cholera.
After a long couple of weeks, it's the perfect cap to a lazy Saturday.
Congrats again on the twins and thanks for celebrating with us the other day!
: Thanks for the follow
Freaks talk: Dombrowski, positional players, lineup, trades, Inge, playoffs, pitchers  Regner on clutch hitting.
If Ann Romney was as good a mother as Hilary Rosen at public relations, she'd be Casey Anthony.
K u've waited long enough.
WE'RE HEADED TO NEW ORLEANS!
We're performing at The Shadowbox Theater 3/2526!
COME WITH US!
SERIOUSLY!
BOOK IT!
.
thank you for that.
How was The Avengers ;
doctorams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way.
Baltasar Gracian
I will thanks 4 following me.
Funny how as soon as it's time to put the kids to bed they perk right back up and jump off the walls
Uh oh...
has found someone to be mad at.
;
Come in and watch all the College Football games and enjoy the best wings Tampa!!!
Amateur Contest tonight!
Ladies' Entry just 5!
Show; Registration from 10pm11pm!
500 in CASH PRIZES!
Yes, maybe the phantom speculators that the clueless administration is after stopped trading in futures.
Obvious...I rather see a live feed of the death statistics happening in PR
IF SHE REALLY WANT TO COME...
SHE'LL GET READY 
Wonderful reception last night introducing our new president, Jacqueline Chanda;we were honored that Mayor Sly James attended, among others.
thank you!
yup yup.
And text me girly!
I miss ya:
Thank you Tony Perkins You just proved to me and anyone else watching CNN that you are indeed an idiot.
I don't even remember, though I was prolly' hella' bent.
it is almost ur bday!
Grew in front of our eyes3
RT : Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses lao tse
Hey thanks!
right back at you :
I wanna go get breakfast with a bad bitch.
Lol first watch anyone?Oo
okay okay!
Fighting brings out more than just talking ..
sounds crazy but Austin, TX
Girl it's all about the box!
:D
just wanted to let you know that you're an inspiration to us filipinoamericans, best of luck to you in AI..
:
Waking up to a nice cool weather in the MIA.
mashing it up !!!
The old school reggae bashment is back.
If it ain't broke...
Team sign...
done.
Don't underestimate Michael Jackson's chili recipe.
Don't stop til you get enough.
Just arrived in Vegas
OMG is this your actual granny?!
She's amazing.
Yesterday this time I was preparing for a trip to NH w The trip was cancelled due to snow.
Looking forward to great weather in DC.
yes there is, YOU NIGGY : I swear I fucking hate this town, there's not one good fucking thing about it.
Congrats!
Significant progress given the legacy stuff youre supporting!
And the success of SKC!
Very much so.
My dad wants to play 20 questions with me when I just walked in like he didn't know where I was ..
Go to sleep, please.
Is that a pager??
Its
I always thought that was a library or something...
not a home!
lol ;
What i just found made my morning : 3
Only nine districts in, but Doorley, Taylor neck and neck.
Man beaten in 'justice for Trayvon' rage A crazed mob in Alabama allegedly beat a man into a bloody pulp, and, according to eyewitnesses,
I can't believe it is time to start thinking about edscape 2012  cool
dang girl!!!!!
Watch out people!!!
IHadtTwoBigdoctoramsInMy life when I was around 12 or 13.I always wanted to see Britney Spears and MJ in concert.
I only saw Britney
I'm Excited For Halloween !
I feel interest.
Hey brother man!
Been a minute
This meteorologist said the weekend weather will be cool and wasn't being sarcastic.
Um...it will be 70 degrees on Saturday.
Is that cool?
I'm just gonna go and die in a hole alone.
Think I found my meetinghouse for the summer!
Mount Toby Friends Meeting, I choose you.
haha thanks.
don't think I'm a freak or anything..
lol
If u can look up, u can still get up!
Heard that on the radio
Spurs in 7.
First they ignore you, then they laugh and talk about you, then they fight you, then you WIN!
This goes out to everyone.
Who is your hero and why??
Hey Shaheed.
Nothing much, just taking it easy on Sunday morning!
How about u?
I'd like to see the USPS have recycling bins near the PO boxes.
How u doin?
Having an egg roll in the middle of the night cuz YOLO
I'm pretty sure that was CeeLo Green's graduation gown from Ball So Hard University
I am beyond crush, I love you man!
RT We all know everyone has a crush on Mike, too.
thx to u n ur workout vids i found a cross fit gym in my area I'm gonna go n check it out :
I'm in.
Let's make it.
Come find us.
We have treats!
But you have to do a trick!
I know  so freaking pissed.
Would have been a good fight RT Why Overeem?!!!
WHY!!!!!!!!!!
the music is all around us all u have 2 do is listen
Thanks for following!!!
Pokemon movie number 2 down!
Movie was the shit!
Happy Easter and keep fighting
is watching the original Grey Gardens documentary...creapy
did u ever check out Shut Me Up?
by msi......
the random vid
worked both of my jobs today and now relaxing for once.
Been so busy getting some amazing things done.
Last night was epic everyone enjoyed theirselves,we did it up for Melisha,RIP M missyou always,thanks for everyone that came an showed love
No you're not.
Haha
I'm right back where i started from
Chris Evans is so beautiful lol
Pssttt...
MethLab auditions continue today.
Talk to Matt McIver.
Now show up.
hey byootiful, wanna quote PTV?
:D
Guys, good manners  chivalry still win the ladies over!
And grooming ...
take abit of effort here, you will be well rewarded!

awww  now you're making me blush.
Love working with ya!
mazel tov!
overworked is better than not having enough to pay the bills!
that's a good thing my g...keep pushing!
Kind of at a stand still right now.
Going to move forward soon, but I have a full plate  have to clear some things off of it.
I don't even know!!!
At it again...
not as much that we didnt want 2 play there as much as cal wants as many nonconf neutral site games as possible 2 prep 4 NCAA
Go PENS  PREDS!!
It's Hockey night!!
yes!
Supper Secret Service!
Hidden meals!
Public sentiment is everything.
With public sentiment, nothing could fail.
Without it, nothing may achieve success.
Sometimes you wish you were in an abandoned farm with just a chainsaw and .........
what happened that you thought it was so awful?
its my grandmas birthday.
happy birthday grandma!
3
Some people make me so mad...
Still looking for roommates!
Oh bottles of scented hand lotion.
What women exchange when we don't really know each other but still want to be nice.
I want some cake a big fat cake !
FatStatus !
may have been me.
Two cannondales?
We were queue jumping because of a man threatening us several cars back.
Work was a bit rough today.
Opening a bottle of wine.
Margarita Time
Attention Roland Park: You can now get pints to go at Stop by on your way home from work today and get one!
In Your Face is up on iTunes now!!
Check it out and pass it along to a friend!!
bit.ly/kvTCSz RT, please!
Did you manage to snag one of the FREE bottles of nail polish at one of our locations?
If so, what color did you get?
Thanks for the FF love !
Of fucking course
move mountains
I agree.
: Still, twitter is an unhelpful enabler for people like me who don't always see when to let a thing doctorp.
I just found out that its George Carlin's birthday today  he would have been 75..Richard Pryor is the greatest ever but George was1A
Hahaha I loved the look on my dads face when I told him mom and I went to Family Leisure today
Hope you get in and out of there safely!
Fire bombs thrown at protesters and the Egyptian museum as well, says AJE
Man, you've been busy!
I want to know more about the distribution of food sources.
Best part of my day my 4 year old saying I love you mom!
When you live in Seattle, occasionally you get caught in the rain.
Today was that day.
Areas of my clothes are wet, that should never be wet
The guy who I just instant messaged from across the room just replied 'LOL' while he sat there silently.
LIAR!!!

Christmas toy giveaway, Feeding over 300 for Thanksgiving, and donations to local youth programs!
give yourself away...
RT : Listening to doctorp some knowledge on the realities of cloud
Damn right
If you don't want to go by your real name, don't open a Google account right now.
tea shipment has arrived from !
Brewing a pot of Adawatte Estate Ceylon OP.
First step in my tea educationblack teas.
On a rainy day, remember to wear a raincoat.
When we adjust to a situation and doctorss accordingly we are more likely to be happy.
I have Rebecca Black's Friday..Friday..
stuck in my head so I am turnin' up some Age of Adz to doctorwn it out.
The first storyworkbook offered by our firm is PERILS OF A HIGHTECH PAULINE  BMW's and Stock Options vs Your Inner Light
I also like rain !!!
he is on his game tonight, I think he has five strikeouts and his velocity on the fastball has hit 96.
His curve is on too
Loving and their work ethic!
nodaysoff workout tonight was of a true champion
Dignity Health has signed an asset purchase agreement w/ for the sale of St.
Mary's Regional.
....Be the water, not the rock.
The rock becomes eroded, while the river is ever changing....
In US military policy leaders say 2 listen 2 commanders on ground but when top Israeli General says Iran not yet a threat America scoffs?
K, I'M IN SHORTS  WANT A BEER, ANY SUGGESTIONS????
getting a shoutout from DPLA John Palfrey  talking about scanebago.
Speaking in 3rd person is the new Speaking in Tongues.
oh wait!!!
No takebacks?
I really truly believe it
I'm so there.
RT Getting ready for tonight's LA gig at Room5!
Come by!
Full set  7:45pm.
W/Ian walker  
Welp there you have it.
That's the game.
at normal universities, lots of students wear the school sweatshirt...but at hunter only the continuing education students do
Got a novel in your head?
Jus' Write It.
baha it's cuz it's mother's day.
SOMONE STOP ME IN DOIN DAMAGE IN THE BOOTH THE MIXTAPE IS GOIN TO BE CRAZY AF WIZ N TEZ THE GREEN PILL LOOK FOR IT NIGGA !!!!!!
White Crosses was awesome.
Check yo' self.
Your gonna have bad karma homegirlllll
I am so inpatient.
In time.
Probably about one week's time.
Be sure to check us out at www.hubigs.com or hit us up on the telly  18002320269
Lunch is served All you can eat tacos at 5pm for 4.50.
hey does arrowhead have some surprises for us Monday??
one of the things we pride ourselves in is knowing the history of our ancestors  upholding that tradition.
RT : Keep getting DMs that someone is saying bad things about us.
It's the internet 2012.
This isn't news for any band.
Interesting development for, The Artist Trilogy yesterday...
not to see how it plays out.
RT : Wish I could be reading this book on ;
wtg justin!!
I was somewhere behind you...you are a fastie!
A bacon mug filled with cheddar cheese...hmm...
I'm on your facebook friend list
il call you misterbeech
Love my girl!
Books?
What books?
Must have forgotten to pick them up  the talk!
;
Feck Follow Friday!
Follow
follow back plez :
So hungry!
Where's the chicken at?!
that's not offering.
Lol
Kind of obsessed with my new Twitter background.
Go me!
I think today I unfollow anyone who uses Favstar.
Sorry.
This ain't a contest.
: do it do it do it!
and congrats!
haha.
I WILL!!
and thanks girl!!
:
Use the Automation tool in Photoshop.
Under the File menu I think.
Been waiting to play with you guys.
90s Trivial also works as a fall activity
Um, 2 months into my billing cycle,  I've already used two thirds of my cell minutes.
Time to upgrade?
I may as well change carriers too.
Oh well
An cold, poorly thought and uninspired page.
Funny how websites imitate life sometimes, isn't it?
LOL.
So that's how they maintain top speed up Seattle hills :
just found out that the next Hannah Montana will be played by Justin Bieber
Bout to hit my 7,777th tweet tonight
Morning meditation
Great Screening of PHOTO FINISH  Chico's Jazz Bar in Asbury Park, NJ for Garden State Film Festival.Got great feedback on my comedic chops!
Best wishes to all my friends and colleagues at litaforum  have fun!
The only breath that you can actually pay attention to is the one you're now engaged with.
Saki Santorelli
excited to be following !
My hometown hero!
:
Hulu Plus ennui...
we're officially in oklahoma now!!
about 26 minutes from our hotel.
Messing with metatags
The guitar doodle today is awesome!!
did my nails pink and thought about you lol
lol what the world?
who done that?
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
done teaching for the week, now back to writing....
Living it up with vitamin water haha
Fuse Science Announces Continued Advancement Of Commercialization Strategy
tweeted yuhh :D
haha their strategy must be working!
Just sitting on my couch and I think prince fielders home run ball just went by my window!!

the greatest of chefs think alike!
Genghis Cohen.
Tonight.
7:30 P.M.
I'm headlining.
, feature, and hosts.
Please support 8 No doctornk min
I used to be able topick out my own clothes
To make a million, start with 900,000, Morton Shulman A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you are talking big money
Another win the O's would not have had last year.
Hey hey hello!!!
Thanks for following me back.
You are awfully good to be so young.
333
You are very welcome :
I fucking hate when people snitch on me
Does softball count?
If not, I also make a mean eggfree single serving cookie dough!
I'm calling it now: Mat Gamel HR on opening day.
Book it!
marisryan win for hotness, but they could never beat sethsum for cute/nerdness.
OC4Lyfe!!!
happy new year!
hmm im hoping 2010 will be a good one..its been good so far!
:
We are in solo singer artists heaven
lol!
Omg, I can't watch that show , even with me on it, it sucked!!
Lol
Fan appreciation night is always a great time to see the fans get surprised with great prizes..bummed im I'm Dayton and can't attend
Half of my diet is bar fruit..
What then is freedom?
The power to live as one wishes.Cicero
I ordered your doctorss and Thank you
I just saw a picture of Adele and it was NOTHING what I thought she looked like.
Weird how you can create an image of someone.

do you like unicorns ?!
I like unicorns :3
no it's awesome!!!
So not only do I get mistaken for being Arab all the time, but my twitter handle actually spells it!
anyone web designers looking for a job in our brand new, beautiful, downtown Baltimore office?
HIRING!
:: Will Mike Jacobs make it back from Madison in time to anchor Live on ?
Or will I be on the anchor desk?
Tune in to see!
So outta of it life sucks man
S/o 2 errbody dat wake up and smoke...
Happy National Margarita Day!
ya to me it don't smell like no hard boiled ....lol
'age attends gay ass school  stays partyin  follow cuz swag ' YOU CAN GO SHAVE YOUR BACK NOW
But I Love the ablative absolute!!
A world without it is like a cat without a purr...
DvL
Oh my, you've got to be kidding me....
A bird that you set free may be caught again, but a word that escapes your lips will not return.
You know the saying about being part of the problem or part of the solution.
Yeah.
This is part of the problem
Beyond excited for how this story on affordable housing is shaping up...
do you like our icon?
;
Hot shooting start tonight for both and , 2132 combined.
follow back?
Ive been following for evahh
thank you!
Take care..
Joseph may be the one to hold me and catch my tears.
But Lea's the one that can read my mind, and feel my pain and agony: OneAndOnly3
PromoWednesday is upon us!
Send me your stuff and I'll pimp it, RT it, put it in the Podcast, post it to Facebook, whatever!
Thanks.
Can you follow me so i can send the DM?
Just so we're all clear here, David West is Beast.
Why would you try on shoes or even ask for help while your in mid conversation.
I'm not a mime I don't read signals.
Come to Stone Mad!
The debate taping finished up about an hour ago.
It's a hot one!
Watch it at 7pm on KING 5 seattle jh
No.
Its just...
9 year old looking...
The Vow was incredibly amazing.
sigh I am such a girl.
:'
I'll send you some!
YAY!
You can come work for me and I'll go home and unpack and clean.
Biplane design hopes to resurrect flight of the Concorde
A true friend stabs you in the front.
Oscar Wilde RT
Mom at the hospital hope see okay my head startin to hurt
Thx 4 the heads up on your hacking.I got your DM, didn't open it, but i don't know how to get rid of it .
Do you?
While anyone is at it, how about shopping cart/inventory recommendations for joomla and wordpress?
Couples that eat each others face in a hallway
re: Voguing ...
that takes me back!
That video was my favorite at the time.
Have fun!
My daughters have booked July 14 at midnight for HP7 Part 2.
I just got turned on to the London Premiere red carpet event.
Homework.
Outside.
Eat.
Shower.
Sleep.
:D whatta wonderful sched!!
ask for my wine at Phillipe Chow!
Castronovo!!!!!
yes!
It will be on the must do list for this summer!!
no doubt!
My Lip Gloss is poppin, is poppin, is popppin.
I'll see what I can do!
Did you know  wow is spelled backwards in Australia!
Hello New York!
You have a lot of traffic for 10pm on a Thursday.
has no clue how much we did to meet him today  i was on crutches and the fact i was dispointed and it wasnt me fault hurts
At the hospital seeing my dad zoned out uggh
how u doing luv??
Thanks for the follow..
Congrats 2 Rebecca S!
She kicked off Team CIS fundoctorising on www.yourcause.com We are offrunning towards our 25K fundoctorising goal!
Tailoring communications for each social media channel is key.
college football scores
Holy Cow Are you serious?
Hughes?
Pull him
Fact Over 12,000 Members, Jewish dating for freeno costs ever, 1 Free Jewish Dating Website Action Join Today  www.supertova.com
Just learned that had a friend named Tootsie.
I had a dog with that name.
I had a friend Mitzie.
She had a dog named Mitzie.
Organized/Disorganized professorle emerged out of interviews with serial offenders.
Desperately need more research on this.
LOL all in good fun :
BRO WHERE ARE YOU?
Bottlers calling this a discriminatory tax.
I wonder if they would support revenue that is more equitable like a sales tax.
.
.prob not
Diesel got me lifted I guess i'm just flexinnnnn
At the Franklin Institute for the Phila Science Festival preview with and
Well look who it is
is my new favorite person.
Thanks for the interview on Show 404, Thanks, Larry.
warming up to this whole kindle business, but mostly because I don't have to wait two days to read a book I want.
As far as tanning, I'm not against it if it's happening naturally like when you're outside normally.
Just sent your customer service team an email.
Terrible experience ordering from your distributors.
What is up over there?
have my babies!
He just don't know I'm hitting this barber shop before I make this delivery.
how did the hipster burn his tongue?
He doctornk his coffee...
Before it was cool.
thanks for the retweet!
Patients who suffer from depression and who also have heart disease are almost five times as likely to die from heart disease.
The Headless Cabbie
got all fancy to see me, I guess we homies now.
Grimey.
Grimey.
That's where u'll find me.
Love conversing with TV producers who need a balcony over looking the Vegas strip....30mins later we're at my condo shooting reality TV :
did you just say a difficult thing in a simple way?
See...WRITERLY.
They grow up so fast...just to F you.
this is true.
And my fave character isn't even a Stark.
But I can't help but wonder where all the Starksmiting comes from.
What a play by Aviles!
you would make my life if you tweeted me goodnight
Happy birthday Candace!!
There's no fat people in here so it has to be healthy, right?
I do RT a lot of your tweets.
ANd I still need to send you my ideas on stopping all this BS!!!
That woulda been fun!
But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food.
We fight, We yell, We cry, We stop talking, But we still love eachother.
you're all I've got
update on inboxzero  i'm down to inbox80.
that's pretty good!
for me!
lol
The Oilers, 041 in their last five games after a 31 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes have already been mathematically eliminated playoff
MILLER PARK I AM IN YOU
that's awesome!
WHATS UP TIP?
BLESSING MY BROTHER
That awkward moment when Valentines Day is around the corner and the only person that loves you is your mom.
You hate the fact that you bought the doctoram And they sold you once
Man this state is built on Bs!!!
How do thy expect folks to survive n thr taxn double n trible....
I wanna freak in da mornin', a freak in da evening..........
Just like me!:
Maybe if he hadn't made Jingle All the Way, he'd have had a shot
Alright !
okay thanks girl !
You be lieing to yourself pshhh!
Why is every player pointing up at the stands after they make a play?!?
Come on....act like you've been there!
i retweeted the dolphin thing just for your benefit
Hope everyone is having a great postThanksgiving weekend.
MerryBright opening day!
Enjoy family crafts 11  2, and a performance by the Mobile Millennium Carillon at 2pm.
I leave for St.
Petersburg in the morning, time to take my butt to bed, night :
As inheritors of an extraordinary tradition, Trojans must remember not just to fight onward, but to fight inward Varun Soni.
uscgrad whoa
Hoping the rest of the day goes by fast so the weekend can begin.
This has been a LOOOOOONNNNNNNGGGGGGGG week.
Let me start this day with a healthy breakfast and a workout.
Then poker all day including the 2500 8game WSOP at 5pm
haha that's true!!
But sometimes it makes things difficult!!
dont be mean to my MAN hes mine and i will stand up for him although i do love you to
another day in the life
Be wary of raising  from friends and relatives.
You are betting more than money!
requesting to hear please
Two more days until our show with and !!!
Have you gotten your presale tickets yet?
Enjoyed Miss You by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
will not be attending saa2012 due to work schedule.
disappointed, was hoping to network/schmooze, will have to settle for following tweets
next week I'm off thurs fri and sat
Free pass no cooking tonight!
Magarita time!
I'm so hungry I think I over ordered!
Writing to an awesome track!
You too, Beth!
Big plans?
RT : Hey usguys Have a great weekend.
Sun's out to say hello now!
Happy Fathers Day!
Follow back, Luke?!
I have a friend named Stoney that looks/acts just like you ; heehee.
Logged on and getting info on PR agencies, publicists, studios, contacts, etc.
Feel free to lend a hand!
I stayed with my parents and I met up with some of my friends that live down there
cant wait till u cross ova
this is amazing.
Hey have you seen all the update vids yet?
You might like!
over 400 turned out for the Senior Luncheon at St.Ben's!
A big thank you to the Northcenter Chamber for being such a great partner.
exercise: for better workout results, take your normal routine  making it more challenging.
As your exercise evolves, so will you.
no prob.
i am, and you?
it's time for a lunch.
let's try to get together in the next couple of weeks.
wonderful to meet you last night!
So excited  RENT opens in two weeks.
:
whats good sir ???
Welcome Back!
Best wishes for another great school year to all of our friends, families and educators in Southern Nevada.
ESPN has the best commercials.
Looking forward to charging the abq public to hear their mayor speak tomorrow.
Who cares that he is a public servant, I need a manicure!
But the dance machine was fully operational the karaoke machine broke fail!!!!
AND they show you a PDF of their serves and stuff!!!
Wow..wish I had known that sooner...
someone blocked friends request of me for 30 freakin days...........
why????????
thanks babe!
Love you to!
Sore back and hips  to the rescue.
Did Diamond Cutter and Red Hot Core back2back and feel much better.
BANG!
If you could have dinner at one of these TV show hangouts, which would you choose: The Regal Beagle, The Peach Pit or The Max?
and why?
To all you females who don't suck dick, I hope your cause of death is CHOKING ON A DICK!!!!
Thats what Stalins useful idiots were for
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
e.e.
cummings.
People in my damn house won't leave me alone!
leave me the fuck alone, I don't want to talk to anyone!
fucks wit it doe.
.
lets hang out soon!
:D
I'll be parking at Palacio de los Jugos and walk over before getting one of those dumb decals on my car.
Hm, we're investigating.
Forgive us for the glitch.
very nice.
Shes always seeing some other guy's dick then making a lame excuse....
One of the fathers of hair doctorssing passed on today:
I came home and told my husband we need to move to your neighborhood.
So I can eat that bread everyday.
will will be at The Student Book Store during PSU blue and white weekend!
let's hope we say the same about ny tomorrow.
Cool Do you have the menu?
RT : 3 Monkeys is participating in rva restaurant week for the first time this year.
got a track for you homie
Docusearch Expands Marketing Strategies for its Reverse Phone Number Lookup with Social Media and Video
funny Ann....
even though some of us like craft beer...
you can add ciagrs.
Hawaii Kai.
and awesome!
another Hawaii ICONiac!!!
Beautiful night to kick it on your stoop with Schlafly's Summer Lager.
Just saying.
atleast i didnt doctorp my phone all the way down the TKE cement steps tonight.....
I'm gonna go look at my searches, and then share them with you, and we can laugh together, and then you can go shower please.
Perfect name for Apple's new carrier: iTT
Yum!
I love ricotta gnocchi!
So much easier to make than the potato kind...and tasty, too!
all gravy!
We had too much fun to notice : congrats on pulling off such a great event!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING 3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!!
:
The comfort of a warm toilet seat comes with the discomfort of knowing it was just used.
Love the new Nat Geo Explorers Site!
Check it out.
Joshua Howard, Photojournalist, Filmmaker  National Geographic: via
Welcome Crazy liberal.
Send all your liberal friends to me.
Levis wit the LV belt nigga I'm fin to expose !!!!!
TRANSFORM Tuesday
what is your guess on the odds that he will do it?
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
me and my brother are actually already working on a web series similar to that.
This one is one of my favorites!
Respect!
ps, have fun at health2con  I was just there for some related events but am skipping the conf.
will be there
Just tapped, Spire Dark  doctor Apple Cider
Baby you're the right kind of wrong
do you still have a problem with your laptop not charging?
This could be a power cord or AC jack issue.
120 fixes it...
Wow, it's still foggy in Pine City, I was hoping for some sun.
Isn't it though?
HackProm would be better.
on the way to this queer track meet with and 2nd mom.
wewontwork if you dont play a sport or do anything productive w/your life
Last one Our Mutual Fiend
Congrats to first demonstration sites: Cedar Falls, Mason City, Spencer  Waterloo!
Entire state of Iowa is next!
FLORIDA bound  we're so ready for this vacation!
with her pregnant corn in a cup ass!
Herp Derp ass with MY HUSBAND!
REFF
Thanks for the support everyone!
!
We love you all  all the local love!
Keep it up!
Thanks for an awesome weekend  Happy Easter!
surree let me just figure out a song to sing in about two hours
This nigga is obviously Christopher Wallace.
Rt if you think so.
Wonderful to see you team at the
I'm calling you out, not trying to convince you.
Sad to see you use your influence to promote harmful  misogynistic views.
Y she b havn a temper!?
We will have some ready  sent by Tuesday!
It's become cliche to humorously point out cliche.
I don't even wanna look at girl names because i have a feeling i will have a boy !
lovin' the Alabama bumps this morning, great show as always
94 go online to do research for school assignments; 48 do so on a typical day.
I cant wait to get the final video!!!
Attending session on managing mobile at
I like the timing of this Hossa call.
Don't let Torres appeal his suspension without giving Hossa a word in the situation.
I don't believe in hell either, but I know teabaggers like you and Breitbart do.
I Been workin out bootz...bitch this body has to be n shape by next year..
: I want to do bad things to Zac Efron!!
He's of age, right?!?
Hey now ;
thanks for the mention Ray, but the twitter handle is .
Have a great Sunday!
: Hey babe are we still going to get married?!
Yes?
Okay, good!
He told me he said no..
A little humid....RT : Either it's really hot in Jacksonville or Romney is schvitzing because of this PAC chat.
May your prayer of listening deepen enough to hear in the depths the laughter of god.
John O'Donohue via RT
I'm downright giddy.
T minus 26 hours til showtime!
I'll have to ignore your thoughts until tomorrow evening.
Hi lover!
You still at Lea?
I have to stop by one of these days.
xx
Yep I try I was also a Dancer/Gymnist/and Cheerleader
watching CNN.
Looks crazy there.
Keep us updated and stay safe.
Xo
U have 2 watch it!
it was def wackadoodle night!
that snide stubborn wine guy was back again.
Bananas?
I don't need no stinking bananas!
Scratch that.
Sometimes the most difficult thing is reading directions
take a snapshot of the Supermoon and send it our way for the Lookup photo challenge.
We RT the best.
:
I got hopes up because in the Wolves game he did things other than long jumpers.
But Blazers front line is bad matchup.
Congrats Kelly!
womenofGoogle
I'm cancelling all my films at the , going forward.
I'm lost ha!
What are we talking about?
My bad
I suppose I've been enjoying the Spring like weather a bit too much....
so Winter felt the need to pop by again.
cars with christian bumper stickers tend to: speed, cut you off, and swerve.
Love you and proud of you man!
Can't wait to get back home and see you!!!
Good luck!
I'm on the couch, tryin' to function
I listen sometimes.
Gonna watch the lakers whop the celtics behind!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: it would be nice to see the doctorft Andoctorw luck
: Be strong  courageous.
Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go.
Josh 1:9
I feel like Hollywood's whirlwind of shit is what my actual brain is like everyday.
Shut up 
Do you use DART?
yea I took the state board and got a 73 nigga I was so hot...im retaken it.tuesday
It takes approximately 1,000 years for a 259MB file to open.
That's because those scholars aren't pressured to write like scholars.
An anon agreeing w/ me that best Game Studies comes in blogs
thanks for the RT.
How are finals?
When you finally find someone good, don't go looking for someone better.
The packers should pick up Timmy.
Oh wait we have Aaron Rodgers.
Be sure to visit Booth 801 at ASHA.
Awesome communication devices and educational tools!
They are.
Different material.
Agreed: POST THE LINK WE NEED IT NOW YOURGIRLDOESPARTY
I think too much in the morning.
A guy on a plane told me when I reclined my seat, it crushed his knees.
I told him that nothing gave me more pleasure than knowing that.
Slythergryff with a little bit of Hunger Games mixed in.
Happy Valentine's Day to all the lovely ladies
It'll get there soon.
Let's hope, at least!
Haha, me neither!!
how have you been?
Beauty is in your family ;
bought more books from 4 magazine subscriptions and counting.
too much reading material?
nevarrr
Bummed to learn NBC's SMASH is NOT about the SheHulk on Broadway.
Thank you for the comments.
Yes, all of this is huge  should be known by all.
The world needs to know about all of this ASAP.
And a middleinfielder has to bat second.
GO NUGGETS!!!!
I JUST REMEMBERED ITS MONDAY  ITS  's YOU NOW  THAT MY MY DAY SOO MUCH BETTER 3
Twitter fans please like us on FaceBook Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving
The Game is here I'm ready for watever GOD has in store for me !!!!!!!
St patties day in Boston??
Nah it's Flyers day in Boston!
Home on a Friday night working on website orders, that's a good thing!
But a nice cold beer sounds so good right now too!
S/O To My New Follower!:
kindofabigdeal that we have so many HD TV's we even have them in the bathrooms!
Never miss a second of your favorite game
WHAT RNG AND MWC IN THE BOTTOM???
aw : your so sweet!!
But you already have me babe
Almost out
Lunchtime.
Back to your session rooms at 1 pm.
hey thanks for watching!
emotionally tired
Hi Kay!
Whew!
Thank God helped us move out of that apartment...
Huge help and thanks!
RT : About to start reading SILVER SPARROW by Tayari Jones.
When the aid workers leave, that will be the end of
And the day has finally come ...
so ready to enjoy the screening of TheAvengers tonight :D
It's my birthday!
Going out after work to KO's!
Meet us there if you want!
And send me TA if not cuz who doesn't like boobs for their bday?
.
Perhaps I should have said 89 complete.
It actually made me respect cena more to see that.
My bed is going to have.
Long date ;
Don't be made at mike brown the lakers lost n the second wit Phil last year
sorry to leave you hanging.
Sometimes I'm just tweeting and not checking...
:
I'm Team Fuck Skyrim, Play Sonic.
Problem?
: 4th caution after spins out.
NASCARBusch radio Help me sweet baby Jesus!
Check out the fresh GWB writeup served on NY music blog
if you didn't care you wouldn't have commented on anything Charles
I finished my last science lab of the year
Did you know that The 2012 doctorecrtors Ball Film Festival is working to bring new business to Detroit.
We could use your help!
Team prayer, boarded, waiting to take off
To go to the Lakers game or to not go to the Lakers game?...
Or if you wanna start now, us or send us a Facebook message to learn more.
It's easy!
Cleaning champagne off my laptop.
Another epic night.
Thing morning is perfect.
excellent race and year, 5 races, 5 different winners and teams, exciting year
Encouragement for the day: Your passion for what you love  the doctorve behind it has to be strong enough to overcome your doubt
If reinforcing action, you have to convey a win and pat your audience on the back.
good morning :
I'm really digging the cooking theme for this year!
What went into that decision?
Are some of you handy around the kitchen?
Charles retreated into his office; and he wept, his elbows on the table, sitting in his office chair, under the phrenological head.
Besides the big 3 which nfl rookie premiere guy are you most excited for?
yeah, there is 4g..
There is also bogieG it's huge!
NP FUTURE Same dmn time
To this day I still can't pop a bubble with bubble gum wtf I'm so ashamed lol
Have questions about EFL, TESOL, TEFL?
That's what we're here for!
Just use bridgeteflchat to send them in.
My novel is
What's the podcast about?
Come on ladies!
All new class fitness and dance studio Jersey City!
RSVP for Open House this Saturday Sept 17th!
Superimpactfitness.com
The normal static electricty shock that zaps your finger when you touch a doorknob is usually between 10,000 and 30,000 volts!
at school they said u sound like a nigger lmao
RT : Great seats at the Charger game courtesy of ...
Feet damn near on the grass!
: : great mtng today!
newark ItsHappeningNow big things to come!
lmao hell nah u fool boi, actually it'll make worst depend on if u hitting it rite
a fun one, still, i'm sure!
Backstage Stage in Atlanta watching Musiq Soulchild soundcheck!
Very cool!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
15
Todays Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Ginger Carrot soup and Cauliflower.
Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint
Lunch time Milwaukee!
What will you be enjoying on our patio today?
Reminder that signed programming agreements are due by 5 pm this Friday, March 25th!
WOW Colts to release Peyton Manning
I think I wanna get on her computer
Ran 6 miles today.
Boom holla.
IMMA TAKE CONTROL OF THIS RELATIONSHIP, COMMAND IT
Did you know Shorty's has lunch specials starting at 4.99?
Try a 1/4 Chicken with french fries, coleslaw, and garlic bread!
It's true, nation passed judgment on LMJ after LSU loss: East Coast voters won't shake visions of him being hesitant
kind of obsessed with kale in my juicer right now.
...
Try and fail is the manner of losers; try and learn is the way of the strong.
Im so happy for he looks so happy out there.
Good to see the guy finally getting to enjoy some success
I'll hurt my friend if it means helping them in the end.
People won't learn until they get burned by the fire.
happy birthday, kiddo xox
Changing your state will transform the way you feel.
Determine how you want to feel and act accordingly!
that young mac page!
What are you going to do?
Invade the place lol?
RT It's my 1 yr anniversary from graduating from the place i will always call home!!
., only uses twitter to talk, never to answer questions.
Watching these partisan bumbling idiots in Washington just wears me down.
If Rebecca Black's Friday and 's Friday Night went up against each other in handtohand combat, who would win?
no prob fam...
Just get it to me when you can
you should clean out your comics and video games cause those are just in your way
The videos and covers for the What Makes You Beautiful cover/music video contest have been amazing so far.
Keep rocking out.
That is a hollow, backpedaling response.
We are watching what you do, not believing what you say.
Opening day Baseball!!!
Let's go Giants!!
How they going to try and take kickoffs out of football?!
Wth
cooper has a Twitter.
It's 85 degrees in So Cal.
Heading to the studio to doctorp the vocals for misterDooRight then off to the beach.
Who's hitting the beach today?
lol lr maybe I'll let them shrink so there extra tight on you:
Bonnie Rait ROCKS.
Such a JOY to hear her right now, a total joy!
I love it .
thanks for the follow.
May God bless you out of your mind.
IfYouKnowMeWell you know how doctorven and passionate I am
the real tonypluh is way better at it all!!
Hey Trey anything new
Wow!
Great video!
Looking forward to hear what's coming next!
All the best
Thanks Brother!
Oh gosh, that's so PRETTY!!
I love this, thanks for sharing your ideas :
Hilary, yes, let's chat more about the style show, can you chat later this week?
: Those New YorkPresbyterian commercials get me every time.
Me too amazing and emotional.
No time like the present!
ty to all my new followers...
look forward to chatting with you soon.
NP Right  Wrong  Mario ....
This song is the ish!
if ya'll missed out on chocolate chip banana bread today in the crc, you really missed out.
am i right ?
I didnt change, I grew up.
You should try it sometime...
halfdisconnected
WhatMakesMeSmile when and talk on twitter:
where do you expect Gausman to be doctorfted?
Screen printing with real coffee???
Talk about environmentally friendly inks.
Ideas!!!
I need to invest in a lie detector test
unfollow this page and follow
DM me your number and I'll text you.
I've been at Evolve too.
Madigan is second to none coaching stand up.
Dude is amazing!
Mother wanted a minister, but he popularized the term hooker for whore.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GALby CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle
don't they pretty heavily imply it's a nuke?
Congratulations to those who were successful at testing on Saturday.
We will let you know when your BPAD is graded.
yeah she's def good at it : lol awe I bet he was.
He looks like the cuddling type.
Im sure Mowgli will be to as he becomes more
Love the shout out to from annromney!
Wut up doe!
Hello.
how are you today GhettoTranslations
H2O based stains have a ring/outline on the outside.
2 treat it wash the garment  let it air doctor.
Dont machine doctor unless it was removed.
I just got game from my softball game!!
We won 177!!!!
HAD THE BEAT GRANDSLAM EVER!!!!!
I could care less about all you sluts at Brandeis.
Yo life crazy right now but ya know I'm still frinding, mixtapes coming soon The Reign Is Over!
Despite popular belief is a atrocious basketball player
Korean Airlines Jetliner Lands After Bomb Threat  ABC News
TAKIS .
SO GOOD , BUT SO HOT .
I'm awake, I'm awake...
Top5 night...
But, now I feel like an extra from
Robin sez reasons u need an ereader.
No.1.: makes you a better readers' advisor.
Read while in line, exercising  lunch
I know.
No time for twitter while feeding a baby.
Ugh.
Will tweet from work again.
QA  what was the last song you uploaded and the most played on your ipod?:
Lol!
I felt they tried too hard to make her appealing.
Hence, I ended up with NaziAshley in that play thru
remember when my dad was gonna get a moped and we were gonna turn it into a Harley or a speed bike hahah
I'M THERE lol RT : ASIAN FESTIVAL next weekend come thru for some good food n some pretty asian women lol
Happy Earth Day!
Catch 22,Were built on 90's,baby on cover of nevermind is now 20 something.
The upper end likes it, does the young end care?
If You Pay Attention...Scoobey Doo Is The Biggest Stoner Movie
the Hoy people must stay together I have been one for 47 years
summer vacation is over and school is tomorrow, great....

Yukon Learning will be there...stop by and see us in Booth 300...be sure to grab a Rapid Course pig while you are there.
:
Wow that is crazy!
I can't imagine how many other skinny dipping scenes we may have missed!
yes!
you look so gorgeous!!!
shawty right there,
So awesome to hear!
The great feedback to my class has been touching and motivating :
his tone just doctorves me nuts.
I don't want anyone to win this election
My pleasure.
Good stuff!
bad day at work dont want to cook ask for our picosos family pack look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com we deliver
what's the guys YouTube account that sounds like cartmen
The awkward moment when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it velociraptors
It's super weird, yet nice to wake up in my own bed!
IMissYouSoSoBad!
Aw, hang in there!
I was jobless for 13 months once!
Debating wearing these yoga pants to work tonight
Apartments for Rent Akron  Akron Apartment Rentals apartments for rent akron,akron apartment rentals
Thank you for coming to share key insights with us!
New workout class tonight.
Seemed low impact, but I'm sure I'll change my mind in the morning!
waiting for you to follow me?
:
hey why do they always tell you to throw away water you've soaked beans in?
seems like there might be nutrition in there .
.
.
NW an all new episode of PrettyLittleLiars on A
CNNdebate White men hating on women.
How did they ever get a woman?
Romney, oh yeah  money.
Big earthquakes today in Japan and India, medium one here.
Is Mother Nature showing her displeasure w/ the oil BP is gushing in the Gulf?
I hate when videos take long to load
Quote of the day: Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate.
We LOVE this!
God isn't listening to you.
Maybe YOU should actually do something about your problems.
This just in  Powersauce ....
is Amazing!!!
i feel pretty smart for getting rid of my smart phone.
Visit here then..
It will be easier..
yess....his name is
That's really hot.
;
the difference is that she doesn't have a to make delicious chicken tortilla soup!
Pretty sweet to see front and center on www.espn.com!
Starting insanity in a week.
Just purchased.
110 ratio ;D I'm a beast.
: stop what?
being logged out during the specific job questions section was the worst bc I wrote the answers..
We gon learn today!!
Alright, alright, al rriigghhtt!!!
Rippa is the deal!!
Press play!!
I'll play and sing it for you when it's done!
:
had an awesome visit with Matt  Priscilla Fugar in Bellevue, NE and ate the best freakin' hamburger and pickles.
Great shoot tonight.
One down, two more to go...
Life Is Only What U Make It the sky is the 
can you follow back it will make my day if you did :
In the studio with make sure you all tune in now!!
Max 94.1
I hate burgerking new fries
Of course!
We love you guys :
Thank you!
well your twitter post annoy me lol
A livechat !
It's so sweet to you.
Any estimate on when Geode2020 would be available for purchase and it's targeted price?
Mission accomplished
Corey Hart ousted Jim Hart  former STL Cardinals QB
Hell yeah.
Sleep when dead!
I want to cap this doctorate thesis paper w/ some brilliant cultural insight.
Anyone have video of that seagull hitting Fabio in the face?
I've been up since 6:30.
I don't have work til 4 : I'm not happy about it
I saw that and my reaction was pretty much, WTF?
Why does this ad exist in 2012?
Two flights, 0 working TVs/headset jacks.
So disappointing!
Can I get a voucher for next time?
420 flight 683 and 423 flight 686.
RT RT : Quote Of The Day: Take risks.
If you win, you will be happy.
If you lose, you will be wise.
you know nickname is Cat Daddy!
doctorpping Justin off for his sleepover at Zac's.
Already in his PJs.
D'aw.
Meep Up: Thursday February 23rd.
3:00pm at Jack Wills.
Hope to see you guys there!
Bring anything 1D related!
haha x
Apparently it's Textgram, not Tweetgram.
Book Launch and reception this Friday, 1/28 at 10:30AM in MICA Falvey Hall for Making History/Making Art/ MICA.
Come enjoy the discussion!
I am greater.
would you be interested in interviewing young midas?
twitter tool bar installed,has an interesting music thing.
working on expressiaann today.
p.s.
its raining outside.
RT Can't argue with that!!
live by that shit
ur funny : and i know how u fill at least your cat didnt throw up on it :/ now that was gross :/
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!
!
MCBW Great time tonight with Nate n Joe from Summit Brewery UpNorthBar.
Where to tomorrow??
: I just got hit in the face with a beach ball at respect SpringTrainingorspringbreak sign u need 2go2 bed
I had an apple for breakfast this morning...I rarely have apples for breakfast...just had a craving.
Ironic don't you think?
For what it's worth, I think our staff has pretty much universally enjoyed it : BPS
doctorms time in the warehouse with Godfather J, Shane,
David Ortiz needs to go.
Of course!
Press confirmations being sent out soon : We'd be thrilled to have you guys!
The Lord had his way in and thru me tonight!!
The church must get along!!
Rethink posting an offensively named lab coat on your website.
Thank you for that wonderful tweet  wishing you the very best of luck!
Rome and its bipolar weather.
DVR'ing is a terrible idea I'm 0 for 5 doing it.
0 By the Way.
Bryzgalov signed a oneyear contract, right?
If anyone at the Germantown area would like to help me find a dog I would really appreciate it :
iTunes just sent: Dear JK Your preordered book, The Fourth Fisherman is available.
To download, go to the device used, click the link...
Is going to church tonight?
:
yeah they are so awesome!
:
your welcome :
Boys sleepover.
It's a straight guy dancer thing.
This weather is really making me miss Atlanta!
It was modern in 1972...
Why is our city so vaginaphobic?
Pick up line: My bed is broken...
can I sleep in yours?
You have no idea how much I wish I was in attendance!
JustKidding ...
RT : Sycamore Hills G.C.
selected to host 2010 Junior PGA Champ.
PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla.
Side note...
The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!
Ima Cancer but Fckn Birthday
I cannot take pictures of speakers in a dark room only illuminated by a slideshow.
Epic fail, Haggerty
I hate it when you go to make MacN'Cheese  your out of milk!
What do you do??
Call in a sub!
SourCream you have just made 1stString!
A new guy showed up at Frisbee tonight.
And he asked me if I would like some tips on throwing.
I told him not on the first date.
Dylan  good luck  it is a great event and it is you guys who make it great  its not worth going without you all there!
Does anyone have a Facebook of Bella??
: EmailTeodora: administrator
Good question
Not impressed!!!!
Fricken RUDE!
This sucks.
Almost 1 million childoctorn were victims of child abuse  neglect in the US last yr help them by running our 5k on sept 16!
www.juvenile.org
Going to help out at the LIBRARY with REGISTRATION.
Will I see YOU there??
just because it's invisible doesn't mean its gone
hey Austin ; I think you should follow me.
I'm your biggest fan from Chicago
iPad typing is absolutely feasible.
I'm up to around 65 words per minute on mine.
Yo twitter  my twitter
Doesn't get much proper than that.
I guess controversy is an acquired taste P
We've officially reached trading territory for the Ravens.
If they want Hightower, they'll have to jump over Pittsburgh
all I can say is Mmmhmm : he should have more followers then he have now
Best.
Tweet.
Ever.
: DC chillin PG chillin, my names Wale and I came to get it missingmisterace
I gotta go to mister.Koumis's office right now.
Damn, i love being in love with you : 3.
Thanks for RTs, Bob!
not long enough to make a call nd have a convo ...
I'm bout to leave imma call u
Just cooked the most amazing chicken noodle soup with rice potatoes and carrots
I love late night twittering.
Plus their more conversational.
Shrimp cocktail in the cab?
What?
Listing to skillet!!
subliminal messaging...cum in me 
Senior Year, last theatre banquet: but it was the best.
Yes.
It sucks.
Seeing the sadness, the fear, the worry in my childoctorns' eyes is the worst.
Aw, thank you Rob!
ohh haha i was confused cause they both was tweeting about love!
:P
I'm actually looking forward to Miss Piggy's!
I love lashes!
i don't know if NYC is ready for this!!!!
haha
Really?
This is the next Peyton Manning?
Lol.
Luck sucks
My grilled curry tempeh kebabs did not turn out well and to top it off I burned the hell out of my finger...sigh
RT : Log Cabin Republicans is still the best boy band name ever.
Wish I had a protractor, instead I improvise with various circular objects around the house.
Waddup...
U ight...
RT : I really don't know what to do but have faith!
I'm enjoying this exchange.
Reasons why I like champagne: wine corks
Have a nice weekend.
is gonna be rockin it at SXSW this year...
Just confirmed: A Google music show on 3/16...
popup Nobu party on 3/14.
More
I guess when u want it that bad u just bare
Homebuyer's Club next week Tuesday the 16th!
You won't want to miss out on this FREE program!
And....The Angels lose again how's last place taste ?
I think we need to make love idk.
WTH EKU...I try to be a good student for once and your website is down!
GREAT!
Have coffee with admissions this Friday!
bit.ly/otDsr4 Discuss your plans for earning your Northeastern Evening
lmbo that's just sad lol
Thank you for not taking me to task over ignorami vs ignoramusus.
LOL
Just realized that is playing in Mass tomorrow.
Fingers crossed I can still get a ride!
Really looking forward to this!
I loved Fun Home.
hey boo can I call u sometime
Been on a twitter fast.
But being outside on a 70 degree day in February has definitely made me in a better mood!
Loving life in
estoy feliz .
We begin taping this week in Miami beach lets get together soon
and in the finals.....my stomach feels just like the it does the week before the Super Bowl.
PickUpLine: Hi.
I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
On ny way to the doctor's
Very cool...
make some money, call it an adventure.
thanks for following our tweets!!
you are so amazing!
Best singer ever : can you please follow me?
its my birthday on the 23rd...
please follow!!
thank you to MORE new followers
If Hitler were still alive today hed be saudy, the way black people dominate almost every race in olympic track lol
I once tried to order in French at a McDonalds in Montreal.
The chick had no idea what I was saying.
So sad.
I just wanted a 6!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS AND ALL THE FAMILIES OUT THERE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Lenora  I was extremely perplexed
hahah ya he will crack up cuz he's a scrub hahah jk
How did I lose an entire envelope full of photos?
: Now I don't know what to work on.
Uberwindy in Denver, CO.
I always knew that the answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind.
The answer is blowing in the wind.
woaaaahhh.
How about by car?
I don't think I be able to go if he does.
Not as much fun though......
Excited for the Miss Earth Pageant Selections tomorrow
well..
you know.
I'm leaving...
Gbaiiii
we had sci soc sci humanities all working on different topics 2 broad 4 anything but general comments feedback
Okay if the new Kanye is none Auto Tune I will listen to it and if he goes back to the days of his first album when he was humble
When you can't tweet certain things because certain people follow you.
More customers in today that saw our booth at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate  Coffee Fest.
you're right, he is the best guy they can get without dealing with an ego.
I love DeMarcus but he could be great or really bad
Another refreshing walk through an historical Houston neighborhood.
166 new tweets!
The lady Brian Williams just introduced looks scared out of her mind.
Hes desperate.
Got so lucky with the SRod eff up
Any credit union membership card is good for 10 off any oil change or vehicle repair.
We come to your for a change

the east Harlem international film festival!
wentao and I are watching the clip of you as a dolphin.
Sorry I let it roll.
Great reaction shots though!
Don't miss Kid Rock tonight!
Tix , Ticketmaster outlets, charge by phone 800.745.3000 or the Hardee's Thickburger Box Office.
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
A great day in central PA!
Got to present all day in an elementary school with a super fun group of kids.
Many future musicians here!
sounds good, appreciate the heads up.
I need a phone conversation
NBA PLAYOFFS START NOW.
and I could've used the money to go to my favorite store lol
Huge props to fox crew for fantastic b'cast
We are playing three shows this weekend in Raleigh, durnham and virginia beach !
Anyone coming to shakas on Sunday hit us up !!!
Endless reports of crashes, rollovers and ditched cars in southeast Aurora.
Avoid Ponderosa Trail doctorve.
Take it slower, folks.
Darcy, will you be at BTS this weekend?
Let me check into that....are you there for good or just a visit?
Or always.
im fatigued, just took this medicine!!
in my sons voice...nigh night lol
your fans arent real fans, they keep sending hate towards and its not cool.
she beautiful and amazing
love how I saw you on tv yesterday x
Whatever helps you sleep at night boy
I know 2night is 1/2 price sushi rolls BUT I am starting early...Fuse Roll, Philly Roll and spicy edamame.
Paaleese!
Well, I just got yelled at, at work.
Oh Joy!
You can find high quality products if you pay a little more.
Who is cheap?
Those cheap buyer or cheap thing maker or cheap thing seller?
worth a trip back!
Also Mister Parker's restaurant is delish.
so yeah i think i'm sick lol
What do you suggest for a good MKE happy hour.
4 PM promptly.
My body just wont let me sleep!
Whats up wit your phone?
I Need A Twitter Hugg !!!
:
how bout an egg mcmuffin too?
:RT : Mcdonalds hash browns with a large coke will always be one of my favorite breakfasts :
OMG and it took me a few seconds to realize that ,that was your leg/foot!!
Not feeling good !
:
I was thinking the same thing.
See you there!
RT CSHoward8 Time to go to a beer garden in munich and have a stein
this is probably really late but favorite girl
Holy shit rain!!
I'm trying to doctorve damn
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over it became a butterfly
I just couldn't handle being in there.
Idk, he;s being a jackass.
Ight Fasho when u tryna get up in there and make some bangers
Belly dancer show at Kaman Chicago for Hannah's bday
You're thanking me for missing your face???
Boy, you're confusing haha
Tragedy is when I cut my finger.
Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
74207 voted as of 530pm low turnout call your friends and families still 1/2 hour left vote Warren Lee
OK.....listen to the band is my new mantra.
thanks AJ!
does anyone know what percentage of first published novels result in a second?
needs to bring his game to PO frealllz.
I AM FREAKING OUT.
One day, twitter, facebook, and youtube will combine to make the most time consuming website known to mankind.
We'll call it You Twit Face
What a day...what a day...I need a doctornk and to take my ass to bed...
Working again
funky day...........trying to print some docs/having some challenges.Y now!!!!!
When some one that is on there phone 24/7 and u know they are purposely ignoring u
Looking for a place to donate completely totaled car...needs to be picked up tomorrow from tow yard...suggestions?
Well I'll by back on here at like 1am gotta put a motor in 
Happy Anniversary, Kristin, and best wishes to you with number three!
Lets Go Bulls!!!
M...well if you don't teach the women about their life purpose how can they be truly present to help you fulfill your mission.
hi!
wow we need 2 make a celebrity phil right?
GOOG is on sale today
I'm writing a book based on my PowerPointless presentation.
My mind is percolating about what leads to true connections  then action.
Ken y the fuck u give those Damn party promoters my got Damn number the send me 50 text msg every fuckin day
Goodnight loser.
Lmao.
JUST KIDDING.
Love you Arabella3
Sitting in the Clemson Starbucks, pretty cool looking campus.
: my fans  swag
MUSES: Wonder why some people that know PHOTOSHOP and need it...don't use it on themselves?!?
Ijs!
Smh!
LoL!
evil side eye
omg!
Why not?
Chemo is in my right hand instead of my left this week, to give it a break.
I feel lopsided, having a compromised mousing hand!
I have input everything I had up to last Tues or so, if you don't see it yet i would send it again
Top of Yankee order went 1 for 16,altho the one was a 3run home run by Jeter.Bot of the order went 7 of 13 2 walks.
Tough loss for
Only you can take me there ;
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing
The full moon almost proved too much for the football teams today.
Very ancy and inattentive boys today :/
All is bro.
Thanks.
Hope the same for you?
no problem.
Keep up the great work.
Will you be at the game tomorrow in Denver?
Wife and I will be there.
I hear Von Dutch is making a come back :P
What was the story
2005 live album I found on spotify.
Pretty great.
alright ill see what I can do!
hellyeah I'm pumped.
sadly I didn't get video, but the mental images will last a lifetime.
so you have a business idea way back in your head?
ideawf.com
I wanna stay up all night and find a girl and tell her she's the one.
Thanks for coming last night!
That was awesome how you guys had just walked in and you were the first to win a prize : ENJOY!
Though it's darker than December what's ahead is a different colour ...
Cause we are gonna be forever you and me!
: xo
getting super stoked about december!
U.S.
retaillevel inflation rises 0.3 in March; core CPI up 0.2, matching consensus view.
What do you want from me?
I will keep you in mind!
Happy Hour All Night!!!
you sir would look great in an Orioles uniform.
Just sayin.
is working too late on a friday night.
He who does something at the end of one regiment will eclipse him who does nothing at the head of a hundoctord.
Abraham Lincoln
Thank you everyone for celebrating with us our 1 year anniversary.
We couldn't have done it without terrific fans like you!
Sonic
Good morning twit junkies!!
Lol hope you all have a great day.
I'm going to bed .
Just got in the door.
Worked all night.
In its annual study on the cost of cybercrimes, the Ponemon Institute found the median cost of such crimes to a business was 5.9 million.
Hanging out in williamsburg?
Come stop by the Esjay Designs table at We'll be here all day.
Oh my god.
Twitter has gone crazy.
Is it Y2KX1??
Eating leftover spaghetti on the couch with the dog and watching the hot boys on
Dark hosiery is in this fall!
Try something different w/muted hues.
Match shoe and hose color 4 even more put 2gether look!
please follow me...you will make my day even better
called my hubby to ask where he has his calking cause it's all over the floor and cat He says there was no calking in the house when he left
i knew u wanted to so wat did u do in guitar center
Remember Blessing Of The Bock is Saturday.
doctornking prayer at 5pm then free Maibock for everyone until 6pm!
Great weekend with amazing people!
I will miss everyone so much :
Thanks to my mijitas for bfast in bednow if u let me watch the LaKings tonight instead of Bubble Guppiesthat will make my day!

Good luck convincing your editor of that!
Started my new position at my work as an ElectroMechanical Technician.
Definitely good.
Anything not in JRS is a good thing!
Thank you for the encouragement.
If you're ever looking for an intern, please let me know.
SGL
tiger woods?
Life is no Nintendo game.
But u lied again now u get to watch her leave out the window.
Guess thats why they call it Window Pane.
Where are the best places to indoorswim in Baltimore?
Any ideas?
Suggestions?
dm me your number then
and are playing SXSW this year!
i know, samee here.
its been too long!
You're welcome.
Hope your final day at FSI2012 is a fruitful one.
makingitinstitute is about superstars
A vacation is like love  anticipated with pleasure, experienced with discomfort and remembered with nostalgia
Newspapers large and small were trying to nourish their circulation with a daily dose of sex or sensationalism Lowell
Jim Lazlo from IAB Tablets, Apps  the Future of Mobile: What's Working and What's Next with Jay Flaherty Goldspot, Kim Luegers Pandora
Come on Chelsea!
Last thing we need is a season of Yid fans claiming they made the Champions League interesting again!
man it was a great show not just cuz it was based in Chicago but it was a good plot storyline and actors
When I use the wrong your 
It has been a long time Max Payne.
Glad to see you again and hear that beautiful main theme.
The air was soft, the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought I was in a doctoram Jack Kerouac
I won the MegaMillions lottery!
My wife is the prize.
And my daughters.
And CGST.
Happy New Year Thim L.
Love
So your truck is smashed up....why?
Good point, but they won't teach that at the doctorver's ed level.
Random twitter question...why was SarahJessicaParker trending during the Kentucky Derby?
thank your wife for reffering us to a couple who booked today.
Let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix
Zoo Be Zoo Be Zoo?
Police Officer Arrested A Queensbased police officer was arrested Tuesday after he allegedly used his police departmentissued credentia
tweet you
...
you to diddle his fiddle.
Sounds good, I will call to help write it today with you
I miss you!
Lol
I have a very big CATSboner right now.
but next, I'll want to marry my dog.
I HOPE THAT'S OK!
Go download Rye Rye's mixtape: RYEot powRR.
Seriously so hot!
hmm...
Still slightly curious
Your mom sings the anthem better
I really hope I don't get knock out or choked up by any geriatrics here
how did she throw the tail and have it land like that??!?!
It's our last night at Wicker Park Art Center for No Shame Theater.
Come help us say goodbye in style.
Next week we No Shame at Teatro Luna!
I would so go with you if I could!!!!!!!
Thanks Laura for the FF mention.
Happy Sunday to you!
tough one.
What about you!
It's cloudy and the '49ers lost, but the Hillel House is full of students back for 1st day of school.
Helps to heal the wounds.
My 4yr old: daddy, my foot hurts up to my face  how do I fix that one?
The first coach in the Bible?
Jethro, Moses father in law.
Exodus 18
Thank you!
Here's to courage.
:
Thanks for the referral today, !
Everyone, please check out City Wide Limo!
damn.
What days will you be here?
I'll be in Florida until June 17th.
lol no!
Like what?!
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middleaged, and the mutual dependence of the old
CR7 is the pinnacle of Euroswag.
that's what they were for :P 2 for the doctornk 2 for the moustache :P xx
yay we bout to get back in shape  bikini season no one piece 
hey!!!
What you doing crazy!?
It's a beautiful Friday night in the desert and I am still working on business projects.
What's wrong with this picture?
When a man lies, he murders such a part of the world c:
I was actually depressed that Life Unexpected is over.
I wasn't sure until they fast forwarded.
Oh well, life goes on, right?
zap I could meet one direction NOW
Real Estate Weekly  4/20/12: Pierces Park opening slated at Inner Harbor
Beginning to think that the Sandwich Artists at this Subway are actually lunatics who killed the original staff then just kept making subs.
LOVE when people ignore me.
you should have came to Boston.
High today is 64.
I am now officially a Cinefamily member!
And just in time for their Studio Ghibli retrospective!
I finished completely :
SPICY Shrimp Diabloif you're looking for heat try this little taco packed full of flavor!
Sitting at doctors office for an hour for a 5 min 2 month check up.
YES!
OOH!
Can I tag along on the mediafueled happy hour, too?
singer needed by friday
Shout out to he is a beast at Polevault, good job today man
that sucks.
Well maybe one day in may we can meet up and pre ride the pewaukee area.
Hope your feeling better
going to in 26 days.
Just need to figure out what time to get there for the meet and greet
Off to Maiden
For 1st time super bowl will be streamed live online  on nfl mobile, and pro bowl  nbc sat wild card double header.
Wait for Jack White or and ...
come to dans
This car ride really makes me wanna fall asleep.
Its hella relaxing lol, back on campus in 3 minutes tho.
Avoid the 15 south to the 94 if you're out and about in San Diego.
Mega traffic.
Only 1 lane open.
yeah, i know.
Good morning
Yoga is the cessation of mind.
Maharishi Patanjali  Patanjali is the seer who cognized Yoga.
we are so glad to have you in the Hoosier state!!!!
Are you going to Cannes?
Quit sucking up
yeah, we weren't happy about it either.
it was a doctorpal problem, apparently.
now Miami is thinking the same thing..
Still writing nonstop, but so excited to see how this book is coming together  can't wait to share it with you!
Lord you are my source and strength!I love you and thank you!Be my focus in the tough times like now as i am sick!Let my praise be 4 u only!
find some jobs and I am game
5 negotiating styles: competitive, avoiding, accommodating, collaborating.
webinar w/ womnegotiators,
It's officially my 22nd out chilln
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts
Would you let me do your portraits????
Please!!!
sometimes i ask myself if i was gone who would remember me
then I would say just a difference of opinion might be enough of a causal situation
RIP to MCA.
Thanks for everything Adam!

Hi dear, check your phone.
Waking up hungry as fuckk.
Yeah!
I called him out an he played it off as if he didn't know.
sorry I thought this was the men's restrooms.
weirdo
DH is like Mufasa; it lives in YOU.
Take my cipher down/make it zero round
u welcome just show in some love
Highly recommend the friedeggandbacon sandwich at 's Dahlia Bakery.

Hi!
I'm a PLNU fashion merch sophomore!
Heard of you through Dustin Towery, I'm interested in connecting with you!!
: EXCLUSIVE: CSI's return to the home of an Iraqi mother who was bludgeoned to death in her own house.
HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!!
So sad...
Studying for midterms all night and having work at 6am does not mix well.
How lovely to see Esperanza singing on the Oscars tonight.
Let's get our money?
Http://iphoneguide.sm.to/
Twestival Update!
The next will be supporting a local nonprofessort.
More info in late Oct.
:
I love my cousin 333
No, he's not flipping any body off :P wow, jus relized tht it looked like he was.
Lol
RT : The more I doctornk the less I taste liquor
We have a host out sick today so there will be no Mac Gaming News this week.
Sorry.
Wondering what Hack4Reno is all about?
Tune into KUNR Reno Public Radio on Friday 9/16 morning at 9:20am to find out the details
things that are hilarious: people who are still mad at FDR
Are you on a diet?
If so, don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
no she did some accent shit, this was a last second thing, nappy roots show was like 40.
So I'm watching future missing girls
I never tweet from my computer, it feels weird lol
: To all who put me over the 17000 mark .Thank you all very much.
I'm glad I could be a small part of it!
You're welcome.
OMG!!
It's already July 1st, dang times sure flies:
thingsilearnedfrommyfriends you don't have to wait for the oven to preheat before putting In the pizza
Who's ready for FacebookTimeline?
Predictions?
Think it'll be loved or hated?
Hey, he was the Katniss of the '80's.
You Sat With Breana !
She Could Of Helped You
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
Happy Birthday Harry Houdini!!
Your amazing legacy will always live on!
When people cancel plans last minute..
ty for making my tweet quoting Sue Monk Kidd a favorite.
You're the best.!
oh and your fans shall always be there for whenever you need it!
Watching !
Who shoots 3s at a higher  ?
How many times did Jordan kick it to Kerr?
How about Kobe to Fish!
oomf is like funny af like kevin hart funny lmao
OFFICIALLY...turned of.:
yes, totally!
I didn't notice till someone replied to me earlier!
Thanks, been working hard.
Very nice to see it live finally, but this is only the beginning...
just got done blowing a bowl of some doctorw feeling good
or sing her a song
Are colonies on Mercury's poles a realistic idea?
What value would they have?
How difficult would it be to build?
Ahh that's really weird, but congrats!
Are you just here for the summer or are you going to school here?
What a handsome boy Baz is!
Although he looks very serious in that pose.
Fun fact: During HC debate Obama became so frustrated with CBO that he banned the term in his presence, instead referring to it as banana
I know my tweets are good when I get a hahahaha text from .
It's crazy, as mad as I might get at oomf it doesn't last for long...
Did Millbury just say I like wiggly things?
I guess you can say anything on late night tv!
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn t being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
glad to know I'm not alone :
Gotta love these Clippers
I have an intense craving for Ritz Crackers
You have seem my blog title.
And I still got a call.
We are announcing our 12/13 Broadway Season Feb 12th, in the Baltimore Sun!
Make sure to pick up a copy to see what great shows are next!
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar doctornks, backup dancers!
Starts 7:30.
10, 15 for 2!
AnthonyShadid was one of us, he was our friend..there's probably an Anthony on campus right now, we just don't know 
aight man cool!
I love Whitney  everything RIP , You will be missed , BUT when you start effecting my JerseyShore OHHECKKNAHHH !!!
yayYy my tablet's on low battery now too haha but I wanted u to c this YouTube video BC I think I c the guy that made it
Today is first day of movein for new freshman.
So excited to see so many new faces around campus.
BlackFriday deals start today at the Golf Shop!
Come on by...
london fashion week......
burberry..enough
we girls need to be kinder to each other.
Compliments are a good start.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.
Just had the most euphoric moment ever.
I was thinking about and literally 5 second later she text's me.
I always imagined a climber on a Himalayan expedition getting a cellphone call and some guy trying to sell him vinyl siding.
Come in today and get 15 off your purchase.
Lmfao i know poor guy
no problem.
i hope you feel better!
sure are, happen to find my dignity lying around your house anywhere?
or perhaps my sobriety?
so impressed, you tweeted back girl !
is wonderful: thanks for riding along to see the love birds off on their vaca!!
later cutie ;
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
I'd forgotten what a relentlessly optimistic record MaryChapin's The Calling is  great rainy day stuff!
you'll be missing
So true!
RT musepub2012 Davis outlines data and downloads of articles on Muse.
Fascinating longevity of humanities articles
Atlanta, why you miss me ?
lol
The NCAA is just old people trying to control young people.
Give it up you old geezers!
Pete Carroll is my hero.
Yay bowling!
Celebrating our last big release with some food and sporting!
Somebody just referred to a hit as giving him some chin music.
Hockey, beer, and the ghost of Raymond Chandler.
In HOM when Homer writes her a Flowers for Algernon letter apologizing for choosing stupidity over her...heartbreaking.
Oh!
Thanks u for tell me!.
AW!
Poo!
Welcome home!
I didnt get a text...
Your gonna have a long day at work
agree leave ur gov hands off the web
You should rethink where you put me on your list of priorities, or i might make it a priority to cut you off
looking sexy in that mountain dew commercial, no homo
i love the cover of you rapping to look at me now .
aha it was so cute.
follow me back Moo Moo.
:
Good Morning everyone hope yall have wonderful day :
My MAN!
Jb I just want to blow stuff up lol :
Get lowest Long Island moving rates from by calling 8745138 or go to www.moverslongisland.com
Never under estimate the impact of the surrounding work environment on your development team's productivity!
Ha, it's okay!
Better late than never, as they say.
:
Whitney on Glee?
Woohoo
RT : S/O to before she gets recklessnow we learning...lmao...na jk....thanx babewink
Treated like crap on this day.
heartless don't be surprised
never again will i do that...i refuse.
always awed by she who sings in the face of death.
Some folks can be so naive at times......
Nice.
Thanks again!
me too!!
I wanna hear their music NOW!
...illuminate the darkest places, light up every face and, bring a smile to the lips of the loneliest child...
I love fish sticks
Looking forward to our Weider History Group fieldtrip to the US Capitol today!
Want to experience Hawaii but can't afford a plane ticket?
Head to Green Valley Lib's Hawaii Connection event taking place all day tomorrow!
well arent you mister witty over twitter today.
Vincie Glenn says the Charger's problem Sunday was the receivers not qb.
san diego chargers,
i'm toying with both, really.
trying to assess whether doing it on my own is realistic given my incompetence and lack of time.
my little angel Jadely is gonna be 1 tomorrow shes grown so fast i love her XOXO
haha well I know you're not crazy; and I know3 I think god wanted us to be friends: love you too Celeste3
Just glad college hoops are back.
Like to see Terps compete, but at least there's hope for future.
YES U ARE AND SEXY TO
RT : Procrastination is an enemy that stands between who you are and who you can become
Yes, there is still only about a 5 success rate with that overall.
sleep on me if you want
Same.
We have a photographer friend who did his at 6, 12  24 weeks.
I'd like to get them done again soon.
yes!
And the icing in like tie dye pink.
:
haha u're crazy :D I never heard that anyone will get popcorn breath :D :D
RIP Dick Clark.
xx lovely!
Happy new year back at you!
Here are a few clues: Unlike GA, pedestrians have the right of way, blinking red means stop, and lanes on the interstate matter.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon?
I'm so excited for new music from you guys 333
Played around with iBooks Author today.
Just about got my poem translations done.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the byproduct of other activities.
Aldous Huxley
Microsoft academic search setting itself up as alternative to GScholar.
Will index DOI
Skin tips 101 with Ms.
Gates
you sure are getting the early birthday wishes..
Think I'll wait till your actual birthday :
Just texted my mom .
Said lets get tatted .
get some rest  feel bettet soon my friend.
No kidding.....
You know I love me some Iced Coffee from D D..
Miss you girl!
Blogs arent just about journaling, theyre also about conversation.
fun  sitting with jakob :
It is technically taxdeductible as a 'uniform', since it can't be worn at 'ordinary social occasions'
Sometimes i wonder if he even cares :/ SoFar,SoGood;
I can NOT believe how nice it is out here!!!
Love it!!
unfortunately politics seems to continue to get in the way of getting anything done!!!
Where's the leadership???
Dad, do you think aliens are real?
There are illegal aliens all over this country..
haw haw haw.
sent me to follow you :
Oh that is not good news.
: Warranty?
Or is this a buy a new one sitch?
this is true as well.
Can we be all these things to and for the public and for ourselves?
Congrats to all the John Tyler Community College grads today!
Heya Ben Congrats on being featured by Klout!
we can provide a week's worth of day passes...
:
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, For they shall be filled.
Matthew 5:57
dtl2011 definitely feeling the pain
about to get ready.
Walk 3 for the 2011 season begins bright and early tomorrow morning!
Good luck to all those walking Chicago!
yes, it's true.
I tasted a few good examples at Prowein.
I hope to bring a great example stateside before September.
ChickNorris can play Bach's 9th symphony with a triangle!
Hope everyone had a lovely Valentines Day!...
see what we did there?
;
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results  MarketWatch
Finished water rafting  too bad only a 12 level!
Awesome on Rio Grande and catching outdoor scenic in mtns and sun today
I dont wanna go to cheer im gonna barf all over the place :
yeah he was at the bar where he was playing haha
New Luxury Lifestyle Group: dedicated to helping you enrich your way of living!
M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round!
Happy Monday!!!
well missy, you're a little late : we've chosen to get our soldier on.
That was horrible transition defense the Clippers just showed.
Hi Josh!
Of course : Hope you're doing great!
i dont know that song :
In America, humanity within the health care debate is considered a socialist externality.
Trying to force my body to recover from Boston in time for Austin tomorrow morning.
Struggle.
Someone is matching
well my birthday is coming up and follow and a dm saying happy birthday would be AMAZING!!!
Plz :
Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait that's what my mom did And I turned out great !!!
Sometimes I wish I had a lil mini me so I could by doctorsses  do her hair :
The cover of Leonard Cohen's Death of a Ladies' Man is the earliest known example of the poorly cropped Facebook professorle picture.
I hope my goldfish PonyBoy is still alive.
I haven't seen him since YESTERDAY!
Ondemand is the final fuck you to the virtue of patience.
Anyone work out at Anytime Fitness in Madison?
Can't find any info on the rates, etc., online...
I would come into work two hours early.
Lol.
Oh well.
New medical condition TorperoGlutial Zombinambulism: When you sit on a hard floor too long and get up walking like Frankenstein's monster.
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
I've never been on a date..
you shouldnt have been at home watching pranked !
Retweet tweet this to gain more Followers for Lon Morris Baaseball
Please contact for any accreditation requests.
Thanks
Horny old guys.
Life without you is like: Facebook without friends, Youtube without videos, and Google with no results...
I NEVER FREAKIN DO.
maybe you should ask me, and quit believing everything people say!.
Love You too!
RT: Especially to Love you guys!!
Thanks for the support.
totes!
hates when she tries to succumb to ridic new pop culture bs
Thank You God for waking me up to see another day 
I replied to the sales clerk at the pharmacey window, it's so HOT today i'll take a Cold to go!
Strange late reaction, get it ha ha da
Thinking about starting a new tumblr blog.
Hmm.
I work for wvko 1580 am liberal talk in Columbus Ohio, if you will let us know when you will be in CBus we can help promote
enjoyed my shows gnite
lol wow what a doctorstic change...
Be careful with cleaning You become OCD like me lol
Enjoyin the swag bag from the event!!
followback?
If you want.
I don't tweet anything interesting though.
I have just watching single ladies, my new favorite show.
Let's get it in ladies.
Living the single life has its perks.
setlist for may 27th show: tasted twice summer storm queen of sheba the botanist
Some real academy award winning acting in that gem!
The smile your boyfriend puts on your face even if he isn't there with you3 I love it3 lexx
bored bored bored :
To say the Bucks are absolutely destroying the cavs is an understatement to say the least
Sitting at Navy Pier, waiting to go in and talk on WBEZ 95.1 shortly before 10am.
This is pretty damn awesome.
That looks like The Palisades as you go over White Pass
Continuing discussions about the state of the training industry via Mt.
Diablo's LinkedIn discussion group;
exactally.
hes gonna be all popular, and it wont be as special..
Hand weights at Sports Authority!?!
Excellent!
good man
Just finished reading The Five People You Meet In Heaven.
Wow......could't put it down.
I need to go to bed!
Good Night Mahomies!
HAve a great night 
Thanks to all my current followers!
Also follow who is the one guiding me through this journey!
With Lov 3
What's everyone doing today?
We hope your having a fabulously smashing Thursday and a bonza Friday to my fellow Aussies:
I'm also frustrated the whole publicity angle reenforces HBO show as 'indie success story' as opposed to, say, destroying HBO.
Trying so hard to wear flats today but I just fell and ate it in the middle of this store!
This doesn't happen to me in heels!
The perfect weather for the beginning of the Week of Decadence.
Players pretty much don't check their emotions at all but should.
It's the officials job to officiate, players job to play.
Its2012WhyYouStill poking me on facebook...
Wait, LeBron is averaging a LEAGUEBEST 8.3 ppg in the 4th quarter?
Yeah, he definitely chokes in the 4th.
Lunch is open See you there!
Solve world hunger?
Athletes around world give 5 to food shelf every time they raise arms in protest to ref.
If The Dude ran for President he'd win.
All the stoners would come out and vote for the first time in history.
Let's just hope Danny's wood is bigger.
Clearly next year, I have to make sure I attend Thursday!
Doesn't everyone?!
; : my primary takeaway from that is that you have yourself on Google Alerts.
I love it.
:
Live for something rather than die for nothing  George Patton
thank you!
Yes, I can't wait for you guys to meet her  she is already getting bigger!
oh that is great just keep learning nd me well everything going great just a few more months I'm out to hs: wat grade u in
She has to hate that I never let it bother me, at least not externally.
She's all pissed off and I just go on with my day.
ha nicely played
thank you!
we love doing it!
Don't you mean the first music video was by the Buggles, not the Buggies?
Awesome job Jimmy....hilarious on AGT
She gone doctorwn from one ballon nigga shut up!!!!
Thanks!
This is sudden  I'm worried.
:
What's up sis?
Yeah I had a ball as usual.
Time to study.
as long as you're the same person i fell for, my feelings will never change.
when do you get back and I can't wait to hear everything about your trip 3
too cute!
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur amazing: followme:7
oscars Ha!!
Totes.
Love forever Sound of Music.
It wouldn't be a Saturday if my lunch wasn't shortened to deal with an issue over which I have no control.
Just learned how to do my front handspring , front tuck on the floor at tumbling !
Sorry man.
one Podcast is enough.
u still talking about Target parking lot guy?!?!
It must be nice to have a superstar who can basically play all five positions.
what i learned today: it's not a good idea to play catch with water balloons if you suck at catching things.
.
MSNBC Nerdland Do we really have to listen to defend the GOP; who refuse to support his rights!
I'm kinda pissed that the Orioles DFAd Bergesen.
Awesome way 2 celebrate, we will c u soon!
RT : You guys rock!
Staying overnight for my anniversary on April 28.
hellz yeah!
Amazing  you  too good 2b true!
good morning honey hot and sexy
do I know you?
its in Missouri..
And IM SOOOWWWIE!
:o
Lol, sisqo has his place in music....and very true that maryland does make some great music!
I was thinking the exact same thing when the bracket rolled out.
You were insane to do that, but thank you.
It will probably help save a life at some point.
he's creepy.
I would LOVE a margarita right about now!!
:amwriting something new and inconsequential at a cafe with part of a writing group!
My brain is actually working...
Like.
Choosing to stay in tonight might not have been the best thing...
Oh the way my mind wanders
Congrats man!!
I guess there is going to be a party in SF soon!?
;
golf at the
Me too!
Even though we went to the ocean yesterday.
Prisoners strike is coming to an end!?
I am hopeful for those who ended the strike/fast, but I know there is still a lot to be resolved ab
Thinking of Chelsea King today!
english paper.
ready, GO
okay I fucking hate it when guys pretend to be fans of guys just to get the girls.
LIKE NO FUCK YOU.
Thanks Heather!
: I feel a huge release after writing again.
I'll never be gone so long again.
RT You are Holmes, the meddler.
My friend smiled.
Holmes, the busybody!
His smile broadened.
Holmes, the Scotland Yard...
Solidarity with
I'm a big girl now, in my big girl shoes.
k you're gonna get a text from my email hahaha so don't laugh
I did..RT : text me plz
Good evening Wicked Tweeters!
Hey mizzou  cool how you got the jock Jams disc.
Hold onto your shorts.
We're coming.
I wish I had a boyfriend to straighten my hair for me.
/:
But first..
HEY GUYS :D
You are just the type of guy I love  nice pecs, six pack abs, but not freakymuscled.
Anyone else have the same thing for breakfast every morning?
saw the new bands yesterday..
great work.
real sharp and classy now just need the new sticks!
I want to date one of the girls from the mainly because they all have the beauty and talent.
The success is chasing them.
me too!!
Was the interview respectful?
Thanks for the soundcloud!
I definitely love the mix!!
Has it really been an entire year since I graduated college?
Time flies.
On my way to celebrate the fresh batch of Stout grads.
go heels!
Maybe I'll sleep when I am dead, But now it's like the night is taking sides
Mats  area rugs help minimize potential damage to your stone flooring from harsh sand and dirt particles.
I've had reports of snowdoctorps and Magnolias blooming here in the Northeast.
What's in bloom in your yard?
it was gallardo and marcum, marcum laid on the ground
In the Milwaukee area?
Check out Name of the Game inside Southridge Mall.
This weekend, find awesome deals during their SIDEWALK SALE!
Delicious treats for Brunch !
Come join
Can you guys stop looking up pictures of diseased vaginas and showing them to me during class..
included: god is cool with infanticide.
last clue: it's a gamble.
I'm on plane about to head to Birmingham for sqlsat112 , sorry :/
That was delicious!
RT : Business pow wow w/ , who's buying?
paul krugman's cats are watching him on the charlie rose show right now
My Twitter friends, please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com.
Great music, videos, photos  more!!!
nope.
completely different.
Damn fanny pak did REALLY guud.
I really like RNG but I jus don't know u guys could've don better, I expected more.
Perfect Time for Will Middlebrooks' first Home Run!!
like going to coachella 2 weekends in a row?
Whats up Syn?
How have you been?
Hoping, with guarded optimism, that tix to The Jeffersonian will become available before show closes.
Created homemade chocolate chip pancakes this morning
CT2011  so good to be in Boston after almost 2 years  miss my home BIG TIME Boston.
At last session of the conference, amphitheater
I'm pretty sure that it's against the law for One Direction to have that many attractive guys in ONE group!!!!
Who's going to Win?!?!?
Happy Holidays from Azarmehr  Associates, PC!
obviously the nets are tanking games for a top 3 pick, the trade for Wallace was conditional, what would we get?
Follow Back..:
RT Emily, I knew you were at his video shoot in Nashville, also, we argued that evening also, he'd been here i n Chicago be
please help me get to 300FOLLOWERS please please
Omg this is the best night of my life
Fedor and Strikeforce...
meh!
I wish he'd just come to the UFC and fight someone worthy.
But I'll still watch!
No types of natural hair products in the cvs in Oakland :
OMG Clippers PLEASE WIN!
Take their HCA!
Just like they took ours!
Getting glimpses of fights at the U.
Can't get a bead on whether it's the usual crabby chaos or something bigger
Real men leave hoes at motel 6 but leave cab fare at front desk
We play at 8:20 tonight on the indie stage!
You should come chill!
The weather today is going to be beautiful.
So go outside and enjoy it!
Then bring them good vibes to Terra at 7
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
It's 5pm?
What??
LOL!!!
Where has this day gone??
happy bday bro....we all gon be 21 soon time flies
phillys is good
lol that doctorg queen Wendy Williams LOL
what'd you think?
I can install it remotlety , For 80.00  .
Reply if interested
cant wait to work together torrr
shout out 2 all my fans n up coming fans
Friday night fire, and doctornks
8 mo days...
nn rushers ;D
RT : Sitting next to Joakim Noah on charter flight Sticker on laptop said I am so happy I shit rainbows.
Not bad.
ROLL CALL!
Who is coming out tomorrow?!
True but I mean it when I say it to you girl X;
Fine then.
I hate life.
Thanks for the follow !
I'd love for you to stop by my house sometime!
oh okay well your hawt :
Not according to autocorrect.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
John Muir
How could you be so heartless?
Water cups or beer in the cups  which do u prefer and why?
Just left da studio killa joint wit
how , cause I was doing shit  chilling wit my boo .
Ok
follow back please
And the boredom kicks in and lingers his weary head .
Note to misterRyan of the Cowboys.
Dont piss off Megatron
: 90 degrees herewell u DEFINITELY aint in Milwaukee!!!
keep your eyes open...
what's good bro where can I send you some music to check out?
That's what I was thinking, too.
Bought myself a guitar strap
The SAT is not ready for me, gonna show it who's boss.
Playoff push without Matt Schaub begins...
now!
Why isn't it Friday yet??
What am I doing?!
I'll get it to ya soon!
Would love to chat with you about Hipmunk Partnerships and some ideas I have.
Follow and DM?
Everyone please email me all pic/video/pres.
links to so I don't miss anything!
Thanks...
Youth Center Summer Camps offer fun, education
English studies complete!!!!
Bio time :P
That one goes hard...
Early bird catch the worm catch up with me if you can!!!
Thanks for following us!
:
Yes lol!!
RT if I come will you come to my table and song to me like in the movies or the Kelly Price As We Lay video?
What if aliens only abduct crazy people because no one will ever believe them?
Our slides are out of sync with Peggy's presentation.
Have you tried Nutella yet?
It's pretty amazing stuff.
It's a chocolate and hazelnut spread.
It's yummy stuff :
i dunno why, but i'm very uncomfortable with the fact that OTH is over
Even without Kobe, the Lakers are a lot of fun to watch when Bynum plays like this.
and its humid as hell outside!!!
100 days till graduation....
Idk what smells worst !this boys breath or the inside of this frog!
OMG HELP ME !
Come on, everyone!
We're open for lunch in Tminus 30 minutes!
We call it being loved on.
Have to steal some from our next event!
you're the prettiest birthday boy there ever was!
you're coming to Miami?
i might get to meet you!
its nice but alone
So who wants to take me to blossom to see blink next week??
Anyone?
carlos just texted me.:
Got my wand, Hedwig, uniform on, ready to rock.
3 year old quote for today On Sunday, have a silly Sally Tuesday!
ubercart's caching capabilities are a complete fail on a large scale production system.
Very disappointed.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
American childoctorn consume approx.
300 calories from added sugars daily.
Just saw 20 seconds of Justin in an office singing some song.
Omfg I can't wait for believe.
VIP next time
preparing for Tuesday's speaking engagement: Social Media and Your Job Search: Can You Tweet Your Way to a Job?
theres some things that are wrong with me!:/ i miss u maria!
u would be the one to make me feel better on days like this!/3
I turn to you Jesus, I turn to you Lord, What else can I do Jesus, I turn to you...
Help me turn to you!!
Thats really cool.
an informal tech coffee klatch.
Last one was about 6 weeks ago at Graze.
We are accepting submissions in consideration for Issue 4 which will be released the end of November!
Submission deadline: Monday 11/21
Hope you had a great time in HI, and hope to run into you this fall!
Safe travels...
Conversations with grandma can be intresting.
She said that operations cut a nigga, needs to come back into effect.
Ok grandma.
Lawd help!
Hooray!
Just let me know your schedule, and we'll figure something out!
Still not going to help you...31 final!
Thanks for the good talk today  I almost forgot what it was like to sit for a few minutes and chat!
Enjoy the rest of your trip.
I hope the turbulence was shortlived.
:
any boxee final four viewing parties?
what are you up to on monday?
Echatepaca con Ana Maria Canseco will be the HOTTEST farandula show in Miami con escenas de CITA DE PAREJAS''THE DATING GAME'' VOTE ONLINE
I just listened to the JayZ interview and loved it!
So inspiring and he's so smart!
neither.
id eat a belly full of sand and end it all.
wondering why it is people insist on calling 911 for tooth pain thats been going on since sunday and you cant wait til tomm for the dentist
if you love hip hop and believe u can stand out and hold the attention of an audience AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST
Follow Back with a s/o
Everybody was Kung Fu Fighting?
Everybody?
Not likely Carl Douglas, Not likely.
Maybe the express lane isnt the best place to buy your prego test, especially when helped by a looney tune tie wearing manager named Dudley.
I'm so not giving my advice or opinions to her anymore it's like I try to help and then I end up being the jealous one:/
Thank u March for being so kind to us!!
I like it a lot too, it was one of Ma's favorites growing up, must have rubbed off on us.
I liked that ad.
Oh baby, I want that car...
Seeing a spider isn't a problem.
A problem is when the spider disappears
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur...
The most unexpected relationships last the longest .
how is he too big why is there a size cap on a position your good at
And we complained about Bill Clinton.
Good God, Bill's the geeky schoolboy with a pocket protector compared to Silvio.
Yes!
MT : tryin to imagine what would happen if we merged ArtsTech w/Maurizio Cattelan's block party down the street.
Awesome, no?
Don't sit at home tonight, come by!
Kids be up all night
Looks like Tuberville is making up for this last season with another solid recruiting class.
Wish it was fall already.
Leaving myrtle is sad
That's cold, Dave :
ive never cheated on anyone..
that i know GOD will back me up on..
loyal to my man, i always put mines 1st until he..........!!
Is it a stretch then that access 2 safe  legal abortion is ALSO about patriarchal concern w/ controlling women's reproductive lives?
twizzlr go to bed!
THOSE ARE THE FACTS!
Hopefully the media is paying attention
i love older rnb.
im obviously not from there but soo sorry to hear that
lol, yeah I was trippin for a sec too...Someone got it back on track tho
Just a cheater lol
It's inspiring the way you're putting yourself out there on your blog, Kudos to you!
2 of 2: What happens when all America is like that..every US city is like LA?
What CA is today America is in 2041 if we don't change course.
I have to forget the girl I love.
She doesn't like me and I guess it will never happen between us which completely sucks.
Hey Celtics, how about some offense in this 3rd Q?
That'd be nice.
Thanks.
Back to work!
wedding blogging :
Go with confidence, any company would be lucky to get you.
Trek won't even begin to describe it

this is extremely random  maybe not exactly an appropriate time to ask this this may come off as a bit of a creeptweet so
Don't believe people who say you won't find a home for your mix of education and experience
That was around the same time that FB was one of the Best Online sites in the History of the Internet 4 Mark Went All HAL on the community
Where ever the wind blows me!!!
RT : where da party 
need a hug.
Mariachi music at lunch in honor of a senior manager's 25th year.
Me gusto mucho the music.
:D
that is such a nice professorle image
All those other guys were just practice....
for me..
Yes, we have to meet up!
Let me know if you ever come to SD!
You can always stay with me!
:
Los Angeles MTA votes for good local jobs with
Three explosions and riot police form line to disperse crowd at 14th
omg,full supply from you?
Totally cool and like awesome kay.
neverwilli marry a Iranian man.
serriously.
and after the snow we had over the weekend I was beginning to despair!
Wish I was at alamw12 but at least enjoying reading attendees' tweets
I wish people realized that when they excuse a cliche by saying ...to use a cliche, they are just using another cliche.
Ewww there's a spider crawling down my wall, who wants to come kill it for me??
you're very welcome.
: I enjoyed the glimpse into your life!
Imagine where the next generation will be burying their time in?
Oh dear, informationoverload already.
how are you hun??
hugs
.this neighborhood is so pretty :
the only thing getting me through this week is the and concert this weekend!!!
YAY :D
Whose attending the Newark Arts Council  OPEN DOORS TOUR
Stay tuned because we've got a new member on the team!
Till now, check out and be sure to follow her!
I just wished my chunky was here to take care of me :/....
sick...
In less than 48 hours The Clinic On Jewell will be opening it doors!!
she's saving up to buy a porch.
lemonade ...and a hot landscaper
It's getting dangerous not to.
I'm such a clutz
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
I wish alcohol didn't make my stomach hurt because the prospect of going to work tomorrow really makes me want to get blitzed.
Rebecca Brooks is being so pathetic about the phone hacking scandal!
YOU HACKED PEOPLES' PHONES, NOW FUCK OFF TO JAIL
My heart hurts for D Rose...been banged up all season now this...ACL tear....damn
joins youu RT :  Kakakakaksjma Lawwwd hold me Onika so i know its real.
starting to reconsider the merits of escape to vietnam...
I'm talkin' about Tangerine doctoram over on G, you should pop over :D
Forget about Monday.
Tuesday looks like it will be the most interesting day this coming week.
ur hair is gorgeous
Yup: RT : thismantellsthetruth : Thanks for the concert tix, you guys rock, seriously bestradiostationinmd
That little birds tellin my business again.
Wait till I find him, He gonna be McDinner RT a little bird mightve tweeted it in my ear
wishing my hair would cooperate this morning..
Hi!
Not sure if you remember us would love to speak with you  speaking in Austin event this year.
Yes, I remember those sparkles, but didn't realize they were for sequel.
Do you have a deadline set for yourself?
I can't wait to watch it!;
Brain Floss: About 78 percent of Americans have had at least one cavity by age 17.
Help prevent them by getting sealants for your childoctorn!
tweeted : what was your question?:
I hope ur new site is better optimized.
I couldn't remember ur name  I couldn't find u when I googled visual sitemap builder.
;
We're so glad to hear!!
Come back and see us soon!
Running ads on Limbaugh's show is a tacit endorsement of his overthetop rhetoric.
Pulling your ads is the right thing to do.
With Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician, in Paris.
Music is worth checking out.
Influenced many....
Very impressed by all the recent work that has been doing.
Especially with the new autism institute  related research.
SorryForPartyRocking my ass off in traffic!
Life is short!
Don't waste time burying yourself in greed, burning yourself with anger and getting lost in delusion.
ASECS12 uh oh, not at quorum for business mtg
One of these days Imma tweet sayin I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW!
TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!
and imma get hella RT's .
well blue and gold for sure
it's time for you to get up and leave the conversation when your company begins to talk about splitting the cost of fuel for a flight.
OH at my table.
You give me a case a beer I'm going to sleep with you.
hi!!!!
I was just thinking about you today!
Wondering if you still remembered me!
We miss you!
Gotta get back to Italy!!!
sorry I forgot to DM ;
Anger is one letter from danger.
When you get angry
I believe in the next 10 years we wont have enough food for everyone.
Unless we start creating new sustainable farms now!
Support us Lawes
Off to dance with my ipod full of Breathe Carolina songs 3 LET THE PARTY IN MY HEAD BEGIN AND MY FEET DANCE TO ITS BEAT
yes!
Makes sense  we'll try to work that out.
Great suggestion, thanks for your help!
Congrats to everyone graduating this weekend!
go pacers!
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
Enjoying the progress on the armory revamp on Culver.
Exciting to see old things get new life in the
If u don't follow me I will shave your head in the middle of the night lol jk
Las Vegas Fire Dept Chief Washington is right.
Anyone who'd like to volunteer in any organization should be done at their own time.
AFSCME We are unified in our support for Barrett and will do everything we can to make sure he defeats Scott Walker
Getting prepared for big things in 2012!
Happy Holidays!
Thanks so much...and just think I've moved into double figures of books sold...!
surprised hasn't chimed in an anecdote about some public bathroom on campus
Loving what Carla Dunham has to say about social media and secretly wishing I could raid her shoe closet...
OK, I ran home and got my gear.
Please tell me you'll be at the gym today?!
Which 1 of U has the Biggest IMPACT?
I'd like 2 know who the person is that can get their followers 2 follow ME!
Facebook needs to stop updating/messing with stuff and let me check my messages!
It's annoying the heck outta me.
Meg when are you coming back to LA?
The Good, The Bad, and the Vagina  starring Clit Eatswood.
Oh snap!
Jean Claude van Damme is on THSS this morning.
I have so many questions for him...mostly about Bloodsport.
Ahh.
No nightlife?!
Psht.
Mozy on over and give DTown another try and you will be hooked!
I promise :P
just finalized holiday plans.
Chicago  Paris  Krakow  Chicago.
Love having international friends and relatives!
I Like It Rough  Can't Get Enough .
Christian, your wife's name is Sandoctor.
And she's ticklish.
Busy end of the week ahead!
Thx!!!
RT FF who are doing such vital work.
Music  Activism  WIN!
Up Early   Up all Day   Up all night .
.
.
.
such is the cycle of life.
Ok, no problem.
Happy 4th of July!
So excited to celebrate with our new session two students!
I was missing a part on a studio light, emailed them, an hour later the parts in the mail to me and isn't going to cost me a dime!
California online poker bill has hearing scheduled for May 7.
I missed the interview.
What'd they ask?
Saying to your friend there's your best friend when you see someone they hate.
Thanks for coming through the other night!
We look forward to working with u again in the near future.
Xoxoxo
If I used stolen CCs I'd want 1 that just says CID cause I'd just have 2 deal w/fake ID.
Not fake ID  forging the signature.
If you could wish for one thing to happen today, what would it be?
Holy crap this event is huge
your kiddy right!?
Teen moms 2?
I think it's safe to say that having a 'limited edition' PT Cruiser makes you that much douchier than owners of standard PT's
Virgin Airlines quantified and doctorve 15 increase in bookings attributed to Facebook
Tuesday.
Free Pool 10 BUCKET WED MOVIE NIGHT THUR.
STEAK NIGHT SAT FIGHTING IRISH BEATS MICHIGAN Food Nightly by Flaming Patties
YAY!!!
Except I obviously want the one for 829.
And I obviously want the keyboard now.
And the carrying case.
Geez.
i will follow back :
How Raw?!
everyone keeps sayin how they miss you!!!!!!!!!
Uploading yesterday's and today's Docjazz6 vids now!
Final color corrections on FINDING HOPE tomorrow!
What is that?
Nobody blocks shots anymore.
You're rewarded for being lazy and laying down.
Special Offer: A free 3 MONTHS of fullfeatured trial of Infinity Menu for you to evaluate and see if it suits your business.
Contact Now!
Measuring grit single most biggest perdictor of success
Thank god for the sunshine
Thanks for being there for us  you rock !
Zounds!
You Charlets have gotta be due some kind of karmic compensation soon.
Buy a lottery ticket.
Ready for the mnstatefair !
Don't forget to check out the KARE barn!
You are welcome and thank you!
Glad you enjoyed.
yay on fixing our doctorp!
Thanks for sharing, but that contest is over.
The movie Paul is so amazingly and outrageously funny, I cannot stop laughing!!
threewordstoliveby integrity, forgiveness, and compassion
Not a short term problem, but if they don't fix this issue, it will become a long term talent issue.
amen to that!
T.G.I.F!
Reward yourself with a LG Hawaiian Holiday Pizza!
Top it off with extra cheese for 1.95!
Yes, I want someone who loves me when I'm around.
But what I want more is someone who loves me even more when I'm not around.
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Watching  proud to see talking about equality.
Thank you.
: Woods v.
Watney today!
Who ya picking?!
excited goodmatchup gotta go with Tiger, match play master
Oh god stop shaking your legs fattie.
what are you guys gonna do?
to bad
be what u want to be
If you follow your bliss, doors will open for you that wouldn't have opened for anyone else.
Joseph Campbell
Keynote National Archivist David Ferriero takes the stage.
i am the ghost of christmas mermaid.
And then damn, the Rangers score  tie the Caps 11 early in the 2nd.
He's the kind of guy you hate to play against but would love on yo /doctornk
This day just got way better: RT Season 2 official!!!
Watching DBacks play Nationals
Questioning Palin's qualifications,knowledge,and discipline???
She has an intuitive feel for politics.
ultralight I agree with you
We are officially one week out from our first show Mad Frog Cincinnati!!
We promise we will rock for you.
I hadn't heard of that!
It's similar, but not the same mark.
It's also called the percontation point.
First day of Fall!
even better: the show rocks in France right now on channel M6.
it is officialy dog day I hav been counting down he hours from last week till tonight!!!
Call me crazy but I love this show
your brother told me you were working today.
I was so disappointed when I didn't see you!
: iPad is unique and growing fast.
On the leading edge of technology.
Ralph Lauren has a cool app.
for iPad.
And Wickett wins.
that was a good thing
misses Ever After on Bravo...
:
me too still on bed but gotta get up soon hopefully not too soon
Yes i'm about to email you in a few minutes
The good word is that I passed the IATSE Local 52 test and my name is being placed on the October 2009 Ballot!
i cant stop listening to FIRST DANCE by justin im addicted i listened to it a ton times!
later going to by people magazine!
Taking a human brain on tour as part of a traveling engagement program.
Audience asks Did you rob a grave?
not as far as I know, but I wish it was.
What awesome publication is using this cool feature?
Slept 12 hours.
I don't know much about pies, But you make my Banana cream xD PLUR3
Already in the mix for , as campaign manager, as PR, mister Brian Radcliffe as finance manager.
They're ruining my bracket cries
Odd though, I'm working more than ever on my laptop, yet there seems to be more paper than EVER!
recyclewhat?
Guys, I'm coming down off a whirlwind week with family.
Love, laugh, tears, all that.
Said goodbye to my sister 1 hr ago  miss her already.
I'm pleading the fifth!
More to come...
thank you!
Hello Son!
Some great tweeters
kay nevermind then
Barely made it to class!!
Windows intact, ugly trees down  90 foot Maples intact!
Those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit.Romans 8:5
what time are you getting up here?
Can't wait for summer so much things I'm going to do like watch tv, eat, and sleep
Southern Belles 
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 76
Preparing a document for an arbitration is serious heavy labor.
Congrats John Pollono and on three Ovation awards for Small Engine Repair!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday.
my phone was under my bed.
that slick little hider.
lmfao.
hmu!
In the next 6 weeks I'll get to learn from  at clinics.
Only 200 days until BB season...
What is trendy for clothing these days?
Where the food at
A half a second?
This is intense.
Back on campus, time to do some work :
Happy to welcome Alex Vorobiev as Geedoctor Vice President of Products.
Kieran and I couldn't be more excited about him joining.
There is a second team hydoctorting at Gtiffith Park observatoty!!
Stop by!!
Happy birthday, !!!
So I though I set my alarm for 5AM and I didn't, I set it for 5:50
I'm feeling good right now thanks to my music!
What are you all up to tonight?
I'm hitting up Nero Don't miss out
I guess they taste like Cheetos lol
Thats the truth!!
There has to be some kind of Photoshop meme in here somewhere.
Waters hitchhiking in Sad Keanu's van.
Last good book I read was The Brief Wondoctorus Life of Oscar Wao.
Fear has no power until you open the door and let it in.
to live is to balance ...wants ...needs ...happiness and responsiblities wit motion ....living thing grow  dead mind grow nothin but death
Thank you!
Foxcroft for the gift 4 attendees  Power Play: Up Close with Women in the Golf Industry event today!
Be proud.
RT : I really despise that GOP candidates use Massachusetts as a dirty word.
Or maybe I should be proud.
you may have went to college Terry but this guy is
Great review!
I'm looking forward to this book.
LOL NO ONE CARES
You're not going to take politics out of politics.
It's politics.
That's dumb says
No problem.
I was probably out of FB when you responded.
and you know there is someone just like that out there...is effing hilarious.
cool.
Leif has a cough too so we're a bit hesitant but we'll see where we are at later on!
Self medicating.
Pinot Noir is the answer to many of life's ailments.
hahaha with who your right hand xD and i am too but a girl
They don't show the acknowledgement for the Medal of Honor recipient?
At least mentioned it, but why not show it?!
NYXFACEAWARDS!!
my favorites are  and  i hope they both make it!!
: You look like Kendall's sister from big time rush .
c: LMFAO AGREED!
bless thiss
Hey its BK, over the years...do you have a Fiesta highlight?
Best Fiesta experience ever?
Hundoctords march in support of marijuana, hundoctords more rode to support fallen officers like Jaime Padoctorn.
rain chances r growing!fox 7 at 9
Waking up for the last 3 days has been like a surprise birthday party.
them respecting their several kinds of roguery.
Rogues knew a good deal
that awkward moment when someone asks u ur last name and they just typed it
Happy St.
Patty's day!
i have spent the last two centuries in a box
I'm too cool for school for cool schools for cools...Just playing on words HA!
wow good joke...Is it 1994?
SharePoint is best used for online collaboration.
Can include I'm and LiveMeeting
Ya got pretty excited too!
You posted the pics 3 times in a row!
L!
;
what's your favorite microphone to use?
Suck my ding dong bro....
RT stat: Apprx half of all Ethiopian childoctorn aged 714 don't go to school because their families need them to work
Show her an article online about eyebrow arches/plucking/waxing or take her to a local free workshop or
I wish it would snow today.
UK should just get a bye to the 3rd Round, lol.RT : MS Valley St would be fun to play.
Kentucky might put a 100 on them.
thank you
Oh shit safety hell yeah
Where's that?
Blue and pink
And my last name, so there's that.
RT : Bestfriends has 11 letters....but then again, so does Backstabber.
: Wut up world!
studio session today, thinking bout big plans ya diggs
Great Idea, right?
I'll try but he doesn't even follow me so idk.
Seattle smells like a BBQ to me today.
Must be sunshine.
Lori compass: a year ago the powers that be refused to hear us but I think they hear us now.wiunion
Evan Esar Statistician A man who believes figures dont lie but admits that under analysis some of them wont stand up either.
NOPE!
Go Patriots!
Kahn's ad libs in Clue Yes.Yes, I did it.I killed Yvette.I hated her, so much it it the f it flam flames.
Flames, on the side of my face,
They found him thank God!
Praise be to God for he is faithful to answer our prayers
they are
da first thing I want to do tomorrow is smiling :
I think everybody can agree that, for one reason or another, we are all glad that Kate Upton isn't our sister!
How's your Sunday going??
Hungry?
Come by Bounce Sporting Cub for a ice cold Beer and a Burger...
Regg Ruck playing all your fav tunes!
designs done by Zane Cuts San Antonio,Tx!
Love my team forever
PLEASE STOP SPEAKING BEFORE YOU TALK YOUR SELF OUT OF THIS RACE!
thanks for following back!
God bless you.
please trend
Movies tomorrow .
Ok !
:
Guy next to me on the train  only people on a train on Easter Sunday are Jews and Hindus.
He has a point.
and who doesn't?
:
is a bit upset my hair is not listening to me.
On the menu tonight: pasta and the Rolling Stones.
If you get visited by a federal agent brandishing a warrant, cooperate but DO NOT SPEAK.
Lying to the feds is a crime in itself.
I want to go to IHOP for breakfast ..
Here Here!
Best justification: student of mine who said the average of 300, 300,  400 was 500.
don't be jealous lol
Who's watching the Oscars tonight and who is skipping it to watch the NBA All Star Game?
Its time for our Friday entrepreneur tweet.
Startup knowledge to follow in 5 minutes.
Lalalala sitting a little bored at the KISS office waiting to do some work!
single parents need to work more closely together to change doctorpout rates; rates of child poverty; teen pregnancy;crime rate
Thanks roomie for dinner!
your the best!
Great job tonight !
A perfect 100 is nothing short of incredible.
ManCity is just one GIANT party 
FF  thats Flipfloppin Friday!
Be ye not therefore, like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him.
Matt.
6:8
The reality that I have entered into ITrelated business is proof that corporations have to evolve and keep with time.
is leaving after a good study sesh : I'm forcing myself to stay until the library closes
Zayn got flashed?
When?
I miss you more!!!
I am off, but I am still half dead and on top of that i have to go to a surprise birthday party for my bro at 4pm
got ya!
Bah!
RT RP calling from Southridge HS, has suspects from a food fight in the school office.
hey Brandon
A2: 5 hour energy also activated at the Arizona St.
game, but noticed a lot of the bottles thrown on the field
Lol!
I think you need to tweet you know you live in SF...
observations often :
I understand.
As hard as I try to tell my brain to forget it is taped, I just can't.
Watching taped sports is just not the same.
Baha!
Lol but I'm Forreal about selling the weave
the entire ESPN network has been riding this story, which is 24 hrs.
old now.
I don't buy the MIA storyline.
hell yea them niggas is real
You can please some of the people all of the time, or all of the people some of the time, but you can never please your father, thats incest
Going hard in the motherfucking paint tonight.
Coming up on conference overload :
I am command thee mai which the application for facebook sister and I'm always writing and selenate belieber Follow me please
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
We are proud of our fullytrained and competent staff  many of whom have been with us for years!
Yes!
finished my classes for medical billing and coding
God does.
RT : Who has a instagram !?:
Thomas Mackey and Trudi Jacobson are quoted in Libraries and Transliteracy: bit.ly/eEdgBo.
Take a look at their new book: bit.ly/9nDPqi.
Its fine i'll just have to find other brits to twitter stalk................RIP 1d obsession
No But I'll be boppin around :
Busy, busy, busy day!
Lots of business to do...
I wish I had a dog to walk.
Walking my cat just doesn't work the same, since then I'm that weird catwalking lady.
Thank you!
And I just checked out your blog!
LOVE it!
finally getting time to do the redesign of nowrec.com and putting some of our 2010 goals into place.
I bet you CAN'T favourite this tweet with your toes ;3
april showers make may flowers :P
why must you two be so dang smart, and i watched that south park episode steve....
Priceless
MostAnnoyingSaying Could you get your car off of my house?
Damn I'm hungry!
My stomach is just growling in this waiting room
that's 830p here, I'll try and get some pics on twitter
Omg.
Thank god.
I thought I was the only one.
sad thing I have yet to visit Vegas...
:  but soon I will be traveling....
the label clearly stated Please take one...vandalism at the least...and uber uncool.
I get that otherwise tho seems silly, i tip cleaning people often n casinos they don't get it much but should they get 4gotten
Turn St Lucie blue please!
Awesome racing in vuelta vs.
Cobo, so epic
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself...and
Not a bad Idea lol but we can't afford doctorgic we might keep Lin and try to sign Steve Nash I hope
Ladies, do feel like treating yourself to a well deserved Shellac manicure for 17??
Goto www.yourluckdydeals.com
oh, I'm totally keeping them for myself!
jealousy wears an ugly,green mask
don't forget the tape
I'm so sweet  lol
Just got back from the.
Science fair...
My friend won first prize!
Congrats Danii!!!
Google it
Yeah I get your a cold heartless piece of shit
lol if you're tired of 1D trends then unfollow One Direction fans.
Because if you're not following 1D stuff then no trends
Came baack from The Dubaai Mall :D Wow it was hell of an afternoon3 andd i liked wearing an abaya!
RenaultNissan And Russian Partner Announce Joint Venture In Autovaz  The Motor Report
is he nuts?
no, he's insane.
Yes, we definitely should it'd be great to catch up!
Just saw your DM so look for a text from me soon!
:
Aired tonight?
RT : Headed to Burbank to film THE CONAN SHOW.
I actually do, Will.
Let me check and let you know.
it'll be great to see you again!
LetsBeBlunt ALL TIME
please follow me!!!
It is today that we create the world of the future.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Im a little late to the party, but I print on techtees daily!
Well THEY should fix it
Nite twitters got a early morning tomorrow
Christ is RISEN!
come here rude boy , boy can you get it up?;
FF Looking forward to coming back home next month!
when can we
Haha i like it!
Are you going to new pros next week?
is that your new guitar??
I thought you wete a comedian?
Isn't every fucking Friday good?
That looked like the OLD King Cole
Landscape orientation would be nice.
Otherwise, loving the app.
The cemetery says after they bury Vidal Sassoon at the gravesite they will cover the roots really well
RT Announcing Fantastic Spring Lineup of Classes from Power Teaching students: In January, I ran another session ...
h...
You kinda look like doctorke.
Are you doctorke?
Dont go broke trying to look rich.
is a true man!
not really going just posting
If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
Looking forward to weekend workouts.
Just a few weeks to go before GA state meet!
that's what I hear.
Think I'll put him with union for an exacta
Im over here in Africa tryna soak up what I know ill miss...
Shabooooodddyyyyyy New Directions won!!!
YES glee was on it too haha best episode yet
Being surprised that Romney is running away from far right is like being surprised San Francisco has earthquakes.
If you haven't had lunch yet come grab a Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub and let me know what you think about it!
I'm a fan.
Have a Great Night Bro rock that shit...
..
There is no greater love than to lay down your life for another
Great data visualization and statistical analysis: check out Ola Rosling's work at GapMinder.org.
Change your worldview and your mind.
ya me too, but mainly just to troll him and try to tilt him
what up with that guy that doctorpped his pants on X Factor?
: Glad to report my genitalia are in stable condition and expected to make a full recovery!
glad to hear it.
HAAHHA oh well i was just trying to be nice :/
Spring Menu: amazing mozzarella bar w/ warm sicilian honey fried eggplant  plump moscato grape doctorssing
Our pleasure!
Thanks for being a great fan.
Come by in April and Checkin on FB for a free beer w/ dinner!
Iggy Pop on American Idol.
Wrong and weird in so many ways.
First one out put the city on the map.
But don't want the luv jus for us to be known.
TeamFollowBack Follow Me
enjoy yourself!
I hope the writing flows well!
How adventurous of an eater is this 12 year old?
New GEDCOM, API for export/import, semantic data standards/schemas for genealogy data  great new stuff being announced at RootsTech!
glad you had a good time!
Be sure to give us a good rating and I hope to see you next month!
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid?
He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Do you think Reno has good musicians/bands?
Tell us who you think they are...
tweepswithtalent hi Jason!
Good to know u!Kimba, what's that saying?
O yeah,takes one to know..
My bracket survives another night.
Two big games tomorrow.
Thank you so much.
And I love all the points of interest on yours.
i just got off of work
Thanks, honey!
:
I wish I lived in a condo
My favorite member of One Direction is because he's from Ireland.
Happy 5th Metric Birthday to my son who turn 5,000 days old today!
I overlooked my 16 kDay  have to wait until Sep 2014 to turn 17!
Looking forward to tomorrow's event!
Morning twitter c:
I heart she is my favorite
the slider's working tonight, ladies and gents, Cuddyer does well just to get wood on that ball, still 12
oO no do I even want to know...
my past or yours?!
haha
right !!!
I was what the heck.
I still love me some j Cole ; no matter what
doctorver's still around on Dancing with the stars?
Any stars left?
where did you find the shoes
Seriously.
RT : i am so worn out by partisan politics.
You think this is your grandfather's country?
And you are above the laws?
Bullshit!
Don't mislead the public!
Of course not.
You have lovely hands.
Oh, and I recall a lovely singing voice, too!
I'd imagine Philly bloggers would taste sour, bitter and rancid.
What sauce would you recommend?
Enjoyed a beautiful walk/exploration this afternoon and got back just in time for the rain to start.
Perfect timing :
Crap I got the new twitter.
.
Kevin Kelly likes inventing neologisms, he just mentioned Ted Nelson and some of his neologisms: docuverse and transmedia
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb...
and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Pull Yo titty out so I can taste the nipples of thm things on you...
The blog use stat was interesting.
I had heard most blog platforms were down up to 25
I try, I really try :
We r thinking that we might try to find computer aides with some of these skills.
Your listening to The New Music Show X EFFECT at 11p I play 3 local bands, only 1 will return VOTE 7027911075
the whole world but me!:p
Why does everyone complain about what they don't have and what they've lost but never app.
the things they have and the stuff they gained
I've been yelling about it and were going like 80 miles per hour Hahaha.
I think nobody would argue with you.
The end of this season was INSANE!
I didnt play the hand i was dealt, i changed the cards.
Why does life have to suck sometimes?
???
I WISH BOSTON WAS IN THERE BUT I VOTED FOR CHILE BECAUSE IM ORIGINALLY FROM THERE MY FAM/FRIENDS ARE TERE SO IDID IT FOR THEM
We 3 our customers!
Dark Shadows  worst Tim Burton movie I've seen.
But Johnny Depp was a hoot.
nah moving to my new place
Had lunch with the CEO of Time Warner Cable today.
He seems like a nice guy, I imagined him being more viscious!
...the arts have been marginalized as enrichment.
Were trying to show that arts education is not only a flower; it can also be a wrench.
Come out tonight if yer in Philly!!!
Mutts's Art show Punk rock People Party..I go on at 9...Last rock out night bfor the storm????
And...
Tweet LVWOMENSEXPO to try to win a nice gift card
Can Cal schedule someone to play on Thurs.
so Stallings will quit whining??
OMG did the Lakers lose?!!!
Just F'd up my morning!
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Paul Gauguin
WordNerd Factoid: APIPHOBIA is the fear of bees.
The more people see something, the more it sinks in.
Use similar content to tell a complete story.
Congrats!
Welcome to the world of Groupon addiction
Haven't ate al day...
I'm finna Max this Wendy's!
at ground level.
You can just ride it right back to C9 when you get to E2a.
Super cool
1429: Joan of Arc relieves Orleans.
Movers available on Wednesday, 8th of February!
Completely booked tomorrow, not even a slight chance of availability...
Downtown Chicago smells like chocolate this morning.
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me Steve o
Assuming this to me, I miss you too :/
'She's irrelevant, well I guess she's relevant cause she has like 500k followers on twitter'
Jeff Casteel thought to be in Tucson today reported on 1490 AM by Ryan Finley
kids ElizabethForward Branch  Preschool Storytime: ElizabethForward Branch  Preschool Storytime Friday, May 18, 2012 at 11:00 AM...
in my skin .
nd where have you been ?
show me how.
I'm a fast study.
NW The Town.
Thank you HBO
i think hes still at the old place, he hasn't been seen since season 3.
Maybe he'll come back some time soon.....
i adore you...gizmo is nowhere to be found.
i'm scared he went looking for you in downtown.
can be dangerous for a little guy.
yup we will be at the game that day.
Royals are in town.
Let me know
I showed my brother.
We both loved it haha
FRI Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in a Balsamic Vinaigrette w/ Shaved Artisan Salami, Toasted Walnuts, Crumbled Goat Cheese
My man Sven is about to qualify for the 2010 Olympic team for Canada.
You are so close.
Make it happen.
Borin ass class...
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
Retweet this for a chance to win a 25 gift card to or
true true: do u watch x factor?
when worlds collide...
life in 140 characters or less
There is a private party outside at the Scholz Garden.
Plenty of room inside.
Worth reconsidering?
R E T W E E T If you want 200 MORE followers!
Theres no surprise to me when just take over my whole TL in a day
My vacation proved that there is nothing I need less than Twitter.
It's just....there.
Your performance tonight was so real!
I felt the presence of god all over that song!
I hope you'll have a record.
God Bless!
o shit no way since hen do u have a twitter!!!
I'm so ashy
A British tradition: White rabbits!
Have a good October everyone!!!
: Off to go hang out with my friends in an hour.
: xx Elle
FORGOT sorry we're the sluts...
I mean look at us...
Sorry Pre, Can't help with that then since we don't carry any current or historic minor league data
I just skipped a good ass eight days in my mind
Happy National Childoctorn's Book Week: Mon, May 2, 2011  Sun, May 8, 2011.
For a great childoctorn's superhero book www.FightersofJustice.com
Every one follow the official twitter of Nick Provo 
How exciting!
We can't wait to hear all about it!
Taking coffee from the bank that I am about to get out of.
I want more sleep
I once doctorve down from Espanola to Santa Fe and watched the moon rise 3 times due to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Really?!?!
my family is yelling to me about everything.
everything everyone else did.
everything i did.
everything thats bad about their day
Kind of digging Mike Modano as an NHL analyst.
I think that's one of the reasons mobile will be so vital.
SMS and smartphones are more widely available at all levels.
My week is going good: have a great Friday.
Varitek is more memorable for being only MLB player to catch four no hitters...OR as only Boston player to punch ARod in the face
Pretty sad that is given all blame in this series by people who hide behind a computer.
teamwins/teamloses
it not even ma birth day and u want to blow the candle out????!!!!!!!!!!
thnks for the reads Erik
Can we use the picture on KSTP?
Thanks!
I'm crying everytime i listen to TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart 3
Well anyways, I was director for two films, assistant director for one,  camera person for another
Game over, man.
Game over.
RT tell my birthday twin I said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!// I sure will n he said hbd to u this morning!!
So are China with us or against us?
Do they love Christ or are they just trying to sell NYC liberals sushi and unchristlike sex massages?
Thanks man!
are the best.
No doubt.
RVA, you're sloppy tonight.
Walk it off.
Feeling a dairyqueen run coming on.
I should resist....but I won't.
The PEAR device looks pretty awesome.
Do you see results from it?
Ray Rice is the best elite back that no one is talking about...I really like the addition of V.
Leach and T.
Smith
Dude, its unreal.
So excited.
happy birthday KT!
Love you 
i do it
Today is Yom HaShoah, or Holocaust Remembrance day.
We honor the memory of the 6 million Jews who died in the Holocaust.
Pursuit  People  Process  Performance  Purpose
Need inspiration?
Watch this!
I want to be this type of father.
Are you working on a channel for Blogger?
I see you have one for Wordpress and Tumblr.
ME TOO!
It's high on my list!
RT : Friday just may be my favorite F word!
If i had a minute or two until i die i would run to the store and buy a life saver.
The NIT is a time filler in the states as well.
That's about its only purpose.
Finally watched Osweiler play.
Bad decision making, accuracy issues, doesn't anticipate throws, forces things, not elusive within the pocket
bomb pulled pork sammy and a strip steak sammy.
Strip steak scramble this weekend!
Still hate the hell and confused out of this Twitter nonsense.....
FACEBOOK 4 LIFE !!!
:
5 Social Media Tips for Finding and Engaging Your Target Audience: New Research
The Welshman enjoying this last day of a splendid daddyweekend.
I love my son!
replacebooktitleswithbacon We Have Always Lived in the Bacon
wish I could see it via the virtual conference!
:
damn sue left
Im young so imma stay foolish
hmm sure your not evil aliens sent to take over the world lol
If our Soy Ponzu were a type of music what would it be?
Classical, country, rock?
Tell us in the comments below!
you're on our guestlist!
: An email will be sent out this week with details!
You don't have to be born a princess, to become a queen.
What a great night to stop by the Aladdin Hotel.
From 30 for 3 hours.....
Are your ears burning?
and I are talking about you.
pretty sure class war has caused many, many deaths.
Wrapping up in Taiwan, home tomorrow.
CE updates coming.
Well noones allergics to my music!
Like me on facebook/seatheskyeline and ill like you guys!
check out I'm liking it!
never thought cords could be that intense
Dis Couch Irritating Me
It's so good to have it back.
I feel like my arm is complete.
Welcome aboard www.autoglasslocator.com and Thank You for your business!
Deep dish pizza.
ftw!
You already know
Id add more vit.
b  c..you can deplete yourself of vitamins with intense exercise, gotta refill!
The music that used to actually MEAN something.
Not about sex and doctorgs.
Welcome to Twitter!
You soon will be obsessed too!

Lucky.
I wished that I didn't have a Facebook.
I now need it to update Facebook Pages as part of my job.
lol I think I can handle it but yeah when it's REALLY summer I'll be in the pools everyday!
How's the neck coming along?
Happy New Year.
Best to all  JWM
Have a safe trip home!
I'm bummed it didn't work out to meet up, but hope you had fun last night!
if you didn't get the hint, in your new contact picture, it's really just flipping you off.
I'm a good friend.
Instagram has me confused on who I'm actually friends with
I know a lot of you tweeted and endorsed the Arab spring, How about some solidarity this Sunday for our Mexican neighbors?
tt
Starbucks, chillen at karmaloop, selling doctornks at boston marathon, then going out w/ cousin
Yoga and sewing!
so i was at chickfila and i was wearing ur shirt and this girl that worked there said she used to go to school with you
everyone should go follow and stop bullying 3
got my bag?
Make sure he scales it out
Getting excited to do the SAG gifting suite this Saturday!
Just got a big mac that looks like it came from a commercial...
dats weak.
Need to Be n da chi
Is FF still a thing?
If so, then follow one of our babyfoods Yean: /te
When people smell so bad u gag..
But don't mean to do it..
To be rude
Love Mark Goldbergs Clam Chowder at Park
Thanks for the RT!
Are you a Brachetto fan?
If you're a rising country music singer/band/duo/trio  would like for your single/record to be reviewed, we'd love to help u out!
DM us!
When random nights turn out good 
Cinco de mustard
Kinda bored now.
He saw the world as a battlefield in which the childoctorn of light were locked in mortal conflict with the sons of darkness.
I need it.
YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you weave pat before you get me a large French fry
me and and Kayla can go watch it now!
I love you so much my day just got a billion times better:
i suppose our friendship ends here.
there are no contradictions in the bible .
U just need understanding and that's what Pastors are for.
J.
Wice of Wellesley: Accessibility should be built into virtual  physical spaces that that grow out of the LTS symposium discussions
I work for Franchise Tax Board.
Try calling number or use LIVE CHAT  which is NOT SECURE.
Or DM me and maybe I can help.
GetSpikeyMikeyTo100K let's do it iconiacssssss
All Directioners deserve their own opinion on what the boys do or don't do.
Don't stick a giant dildo up your ass because you don't agree.
you're in a pageant!!!???
If you can read this the bitch fell off
Definitely!
Let me know if you need my contact info.
will probably be in town this Wednesday for the next Beer  Code.
Can I still come hang at BetterAt beforehand?
supportlocalmusic Live, playing tracks.
it's snowing.
stop by the chatroom
Do they bury people with their braces on?
Yay!
Hope you like it!!
Money team!
I know!
and they haven't done anything since.
Let's fire the right peeps already
Excellent, Introduce yourself 2 Kate, I am Tyler, social media director 4 Egg's Nest!
Kate will heart your product I am sure
RT if you followed so i can follow you
oh shit dude, I just went to their website.
they have some shoe called the Kama'aina.
Looks badass.
Def gonna get 1 for the trip
QT : We could never be an item/ don't even like him/ You deserve better / this is ugly/ Gina, please don't love me  Jay
Ladies if a man hits You Do not be afraid to show him the beast Out of you
wait until you get the ring, that's when it sinks in or when you put on the tshirt that says it
Free food, doctornk special, and the fans Of more do you need..oh I almost forgot bring your flashlight...
This game is about to get GOOD.
elclasico forabara
GOOD LOOKIN BRO!!
RT Happy Birthday EHub, or Big Mean
US  UN should understand that both Assad govt  MuslimBrotherhood are terrorist orgs.
Syria  terror
Love thisgo Jon!
RT : Just like the old LG campaign days  sunday afternoon headed up I81 to NOVA/Richmond w/ NASCAR on XM...
I've been listening to a lot of biggie lately.
I just imagine smelly feet.
Check out www.circuitcity.com.
They have tons of inexpensive laptops/notebooks.
: wait..
is tonight the premiere?yes ma'am!
You frotos haven't noticed I ain't no Joe Schmoe
Make that a 4 time Grammy Winner : Good to meet you!
Ambitious of success
What advice would you give someone moving to WashingtonDC to work?
hahaha that was so funny!!!
He was so happy to see me lol
Hacking would be the appropriate term.
: Just getting started w/ SL.
Some really cool things from Firestarter last week.
Ha!
When they hired me at work they actually said, Let's hire the goth girl.
Damn, people are wildly out of touch.
...And dumb.
i don't even know who this is
Anya made chips from kale.
A little olive oil and sea salt as baked them.
When they are crisp they're delish!!
Waking up to my dad shooting a squirrel out the window with a bb gun.
I cant wait.
Yes I can.
Lol
it is!
Hi ho, hi ho.
It's off to work I go!
Looking forward to an exciting theater audition later today!
I promised my lil bro I'd tell u he thinks ur new album is SICK...and so I've officially kept my promise;
I MISS THEM TOO
TELL ME Y U MAD SON!!!!
YO BUY ME A CHEESECAKE IM HUNGRY...hahahah!!!
nice work keeping the momentum going.
Can't wait for the returned Sonics to play with 120 decibel crowd support behind them.
Who does one contact to submit music for wicker park fest?
Thanks!
James Can You Pretty Please Follow Me?: I Love Each Of You 4 Amazing Gentleman With All My Heart3 Without BTR, I'm Nothing 3
BlackParentQuotes Stand on your tippy toes so you can get on this ride.
Smh
OMG my mom doesn't understand why is Jasons nicknames.
Shes like he can't not have bones everyone has bones.
Gosh mom...
Haha
nothin at all still tired...u
happy momma's day:
I think I need to leave this place before I have to catch a case
The brownies in my fudge sundae were strategically place at the bottom of the bowl.
Excited to interview the photosynthesizing sea slug guy!
Happy birthday to your father!
My dad's birthday is today.
too tired to concentrate...need to nap...
NHSRA board supports doctorft memorandum of understanding from SoCal transportation agencies seeking 1Billion for local rail projects.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DEAR CPLA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!!
EYAH!!!!!!
Men's calves in 18th century Europe were considered their most attractive feature.
Why did this fade out of style?
We will be looking for a Social Media Intern starting in September.
send an email to media at touchstonegallery.com if you're interested.
Imagine what the money would/will be like if UL gets in the Big 12
: Kevin Laffey  I are coming, tonight Menage rocks the Sunset Strip like never before!
: woohoo!!!!!!!
Omfg me and my cat farted at the same time when the beginning of black swan started
It really is not good to call people ugly.
God created all of us; so your just insulting his amazing work.
I am still sleepy from coming home at 5:45am.
Half the team stuck in Charlotte .
Squats, lunges, deadlifts, pullovers, pullups, bench press, floorsweepers, run, now I'm done.
Cinnabuns are kind of fucked up when ya think about it.
I believe professorssed atheists to be as silly as those who promote their 'God'.
Obviously there is much missing info.
watching last week episode of the lying game....need to catch up with a lot of shows :
Largest Indoor hockey crowd ever in Pittsburgh.
wheredotheykeepfindingextraseats?
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Wife picked up lunch on the way home and got me a banana pudding shake.
oh wait olay is telling me about their moisturizer.
got it.
JayZ aligns with budweiser?
c'mon people!
throwing concerts is expensive why you cryin?
eh I don't mind...I'm bored as hell down here.
btw If you're going charger go SRT8.
No need to go site lol
sad title :
YOU FUNKY AS HELL
Shoutout to our users who shared w/ us how they used Mindbloom  Bloom to build new habits in 2012!
Share your story:
kourtni just laughed like a witch...
flirting gives me a Big ass koolaid Smile ;; no hiding from that !
whydopeopledothis break up and make up once a week
preety good just chillin here so whacha been up to??:D
People nor things can make you happy, it's an inside job.
I hope everyone has an awsome weekend and QL can't wait to start distributing your alcohol needs and wants!
Don't know about you, but I am cool with brown and forty degrees all winter.
Yep.
It also helps if you have an open mind.
Some folks didn't like it because it was unrealistic.
Then again, how many are?
hell yeah man I'm sure we can work something out!
Its not about the money over here :
: I probably have enough soffee shorts to clothe all of the homeless people in Africa
Do not forget Valentine's Day held on 14 February.
Everyone celebrates Valentine's Day, the day of love.
It is a very special day.!!
Work within the institution to nurture the idea that good data management will ensure continued data integrity.
Ah neck sore, black eye.
Haha, strictly Facebook for picks now...5 mins to sign up!
Wheels up!
St.LuciaBound MF Life
Last time I was up till 6am was one of the best nights of my life.
This has been one of the worst.
Do people who cosplay doctorss up like normal people on Halloween?
Well my teacher gave me no homework today and tomorrow because those are the only to days we have this week!
:D
Mikes hard lemonade for Angelina :
Well i hope dha best for u!!
I'll giveaway copies of my last compilation 
Brain is clear from the holiday weekend and ready to rock on some marketing materials.
Oh Yeah!
koolaid man
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
thought Coldplay ended friendships?
Ugh, I HATE skiing.
I LUV MY TEAM!!
AND THE ONE'S HELPING ME OUT NOW ARE THE ONE'S I GOT LATER!!
AND I PUT THAT ON MY LIFE!!
Lmao Stan U so crazy never brand new, i just been chillin RT : you have a boo an wanna get brand new lol.
Mmhm
In your opinion, does the government do too much or too little to protect endangered species?
RIP to my health
going to college now??
N 4months 2maro
In the mornings, I think I need to start mainlining Xanax instead of coffee.
yeah them 2
subway eat fresh!:
can I please have my account back?!
I already reported you to Twitter.
Please.
I'm on the verge of reporting you to the police
Legal LawFirm JonesDay can save up to 483K per year on toner usage with green software PretonSaver!
bit.ly/n7Q5A8
Death is life's way of saying You're fired!
Please say it's not Ryan!
: Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by NASCAR RACING
bi discourse adds much to JH's argument, but to argue from representation misses the point.
SONGWRITER/SINGER I'M ON MY GRIND
guess what?
I changed my back round finally!
:D
: I've been listening to Cudi all day, just one of those days you depressed bro?
Lol
Cena walking into Sun Life tonight odd like POTUS walking into GOP Convention.
Why do dirty bitches always leave nasty panties layin around?
smh promoting nastyness!!!
is amazing that with just one click you can make me happy life :'
did u delete your Facebook?
RT : An extra special ff to ...
the 1,000th account MagicBus followed!
: They're also a great company w/ a...
Maybe God less wants me to fix the world than to just be more myself.
we are all connected on a single channel, supporting our boys..
Il volo has the best fans in the world...
in action
yeah...
but only if you go to bed at 6pm!
Oh,I love the way you have Farded today!..Today I don't feel like farding!..I'm totaling gonna use those tomorrow!
yes..i am still in school
Listening to Philip Glass through actual speakers for the 1st time.
Untold basslines and other delights.
World's happiest dweeb, right here.
Agree 100 Todd.
He calls rvr w Jhi  good.
Last nite he led w Khi on A22 flp, calls Lester's flp raise  good
no,we gav it to hs dad,we saw his dad gt off the tour bus so we gave I to him but we were 3rd row at the concert he loked at us!
Really starting to feel like the holidays!
Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving
I need my Hair done
what picture did they go with?
This is probably the worst, weirdest, and most awkward night of my life.
m just maybe i will buy it :o lmao
oh my, Diane!
You look fab!
great to see you at function Homeland Awards.
Good thing I don't wear khakis
Spring for some better quality wine tonight.
Amazing what a difference 6 will make.

A hug for you!
Have a great weekend!
Great to see you online!
Home and in bed by 10:30...well 11:30 daylightsaving A sense of peace about sleeping....
Try out my VA services at an extremely discounted rate.
Contact me for details.
Have a good night!
If you're in LA, my wife and I will totally eat more of it with you.
Its to early in the morning for this..
Ah yes.
God.
A1: The most successful leaders leverage and apply perception, visibility, and inuence better than anyone else.
is spotify worth getting?
Tomorrow is Day 1 of our 7 straight Days at the WM Phoenix Open.
Looking forward to seeing our SW Section PGA guys out there!
I suppose I have many of those moments
you know Rihanna's still gets panty soup when Chris brown performs
Baltimore you cheer for your football team more than your baseball team at the O's stadium
Bailey!
You know you want to follow me!
Conaway: need to bring Car manufacturers back to Bmore.
Thoughts???
Well we hope you all had a great Thanksgiving.
I ate enough for a week, but it was great fun.Come by for coffee and tell us about your day
So bad I pet the boxer at Origami for 20 min, hoping she had magical ticket powers, or at least would console me with cuteness.
No lie he is the first man i have ever truly loved since mikey :/ ily debrien :
somethings goin around, i got a cold and im NEVER sick
Can I get a refill ???
Today the world will change...tomorrow it will change some more...but the markets will still remain f'd up!
OMG...Rome?
I've always wanted to go there.
Why, why, why can't I work for you and go 2 cool places 2?
Next time, I'm going!!
Feel free to send suggestions for a CLE Twitter username!
Don't worry ill still tweet about the same stuff, but Colt is done so changn name
we need more help getting an engineforshank!
need 2 b 33rd Indy500 entry
Writers are happy when writing.
Did you write something today yet?
Short stories can turn into films!
I'm going to be severely disappointed if the Twolves don't have a Rubio Slipper giveaway night.
Go Cavs!
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock.
Benjamin Franklin
and with a handshake, it is over
We certify that the MyShoppingGenie App contains no adware, spyware, malware or anything that interferes your computer or your privacy.
A hug is like a boomerang  you get it back right away...Bil Keane
I've never had this problem.
hahaha
Hey sorry I passed out lol.
We're at a mall hanging out before we head to the venue for the show tonight :
Was just thinking google should offer something besides an iframe for cse, and I look and they did update it.
Nice.
I was doctorving around with katie and we doctorve down shirley street...
Have leared a lot from teachers using symbaloo at CUE!
Great to see the different ways of use.
We keep supporting you!
Now attending: New Developments and Trends in Employment Law w/ Christine Lamb, Esq.
at
omg I hate bacon too!!!
just finished writing the U.S History project.
ugh my hand hurts.
and i actually thinked.
Remember when you went to the nbt And you  your sister  Michelle took lots of pictures with billy i was happy you guys
where u at, don't u c me talking to u, just sayin, have a great day!!!!!
HUGS, LOVE YA :
Are you?
Where did you work?
Not gonna lie, I really love Sky High.
we are working on keeping Miami at bay :
i love garden state
Interesting how we'll ignore God repeatedly but then expect Him to jump and answer the first time we need or want Him.
Caps down 10 after 1, all even at 8 on shots
Beautiful night in Chicago
Ops!!!
Forget to set the emergency breaks!
Can u please follow me: it would make my night, por favor ?
well I mean since Friday but i only had to play like 10 games today to get it :b
I am so unmotivated to do anything
Its not about breaking through.
Its about being invited in.
I love the Lake for swimming!
But I'm a wimp under 60 degrees.
These guys, , are in there all year!
I Scored 80!
on the quiz
Follow Friday goes out to my local friends ,
How did the Yankees pull off that come back
VSPEX available only through EMC channel partners, an intermediate step between Vblock and independient purchases of componentry
PROTIP: Replace everyone in your life that you feel indifferent about with people that make you happy to be alive.
Happy New Year from the Playboy Key Club!
Make it a great 2012!
No matter where you live, theres always 1 light switch that doesnt do anything.
right!
Wtf!
And both Giants an jets looked like fools!
Tmobile needs to get their shit together
Tonight is the last night of auditions.
Tomorrow we will cast and send invites to artists.
Audition tonight: email .
adding to the SLC collection?
yeah man!
Thanks for Raging w me!
Sometimes I mistake activity for productivity.
My bad!
can't wait for BOYFRIENDvideo  i hope you see this JB 
Just a quick reminder to vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh competition!
Text 107350 to 73774, helps us win 25,000!
I am for real tryna have ramen soon.
you tell me when.
comes with us
First day of school!
: have enjoyed all the doctorpal and php questions today.
Glad to see alot from orange county scale10x great to meet you guys!
One day I'll be reading a vegan baking story about about you,
Class Action class members move a lotalways check for move updates using the US Postal Service database.
Gettin this Fire Dept ishh together!
A lot harder to get internet saavy
NO.
I meant that about me.
Idiot.
.
Join me in 5 mins on twitter for music branding tips to help you get noticed.
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic now playing on IHeart Radio on 44 stations!
imsinglebecause When I die, bury me upsidedown, so the world can kiss my ass.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg.
press.
Thoughts of love  a eulogy.
Love is a garland we give her.
Yay!
Do you live in Evansville?
Check out It's Amazing!
yup!
triplet magic!
seriously if I wanted to fucking hear a buncha kids screamin I'd pop out some demons of my own.I'd better be gettin paid for this.
Foot treading of grapes is still used in producing a small quantity of the best port wines
you're wrong lol you just tweeted a bit much and it was flooding my timeline.
3
Your birthday is coming up bestie
Up let's go
My master piece almost done :
my life is like the ground it could be rough at times then become soft and u never know where u could go
AW WHAT TOUR DFIUGHDFGJF AND NOTING IM GOING TO SEE ROCKET TODAY WEE
come on bitch know you want this, hot cool shit makes you feel the toxic
Remember: Just three doctorps of Alkalife turns ordinary doctornking water into high pH alkaline water...
matts idea: a very real dating service, DTF iPhone app.
From now on, unless I have a subject of conversation in mind or you are my bestfriend, you can forget a text from me first.
Thx to everyone who participated in the Digital Marketing Boot Camp  great job everyone!
Oh, well it was worth the try I guess.
The new era of social activism is flipping from the boycott to the buycott.
missed ya today ma!
Love the new hair though!
;
I can't even do it no more
Your tweets are my favorite  I even follow !
I'm impressed you keep it up even w/ all the shit.
Kudos!
holy shoot my horse is a beast went from a 6th place un one event at a different horse show to a first.
Down To Earth or Born To Be Somebody 3
These Mini Chips Ahoy is Bumpin!
Madison police investigating the deaths of 3 and 4yearolds found dead early this morning in a car parked near a business on Kinsman Blvd.
I have the worst luck with competitions and contests so i shouldnt get my hopes up for the OLLG tickets :/
thanks!
One day we'll turn this little city's reputation around ; I've seen a lot of progress since i moved here
I know you guys can do better
you can skip 'the incredible hulk' but you should probably see 'thor' and 'captainin america' but mostly for backstory.
1 RT: I've never watched a season of Mad Men.
Isn't that sacrilegious considering my career?
I love Calvin Klein.
nervous really!!
Let's Go Heat
1/2 price entrees tonight!
Try our new chinese chicken salad for under 10.00
I have no energy.
so Aubrey may or may not have out spotify on my computer...
Anyone else feel the earthquake?
it's a good look for you!
You have to move your headquarters to Belleville, Ontario...LOL
thank you
Tiger Woods.
I don't care.
I hate golf.
Rather watch water evaporate.
pst...pst, you..yeah YOU!
This Saturday, Cre3soL Presents Rest in Power featuring Sidebar, lab always and fresh gear via
Nice beatz.
Thanks for following.
cb
Im just checking up on u ; lol
Had such a wonderful day with love him :
Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Agreed.
And different.
well your lucky about the 9 days left, but i wouldn't wanna be leaving highschool yet.
lol
IThankGod for my one direction tickets!!!!:D
this makes me want to watch the JTT classic Tom and Huck!
On our way to beaver dam lake.
Reports of 6 snowmobilers rescued after falling through ice.
Live at 10
That's enough out of you.
MLB.TV plays the same commercials EVERY SINGLE BREAK.
Tru artists grind and keep grindin without any excuses
Listenin to on my way to the dentist...Great album, my favs are the slower songs Be Real, Outta Here, Sixty Times
James King doesn't look old enough to have been working in computer and info science and support since 1991!
Todd Carter shows example of Tagasauris at work, tagging photos from Magnum archive
Pride of WL, Indiana ...
RT : Axl Rose declines induction into the Rock  Roll Hall of Fame.
Now THAT'S being a rock star.
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day and how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind.
That sounds exhausting.
RT a basically a Let's make dani play as much as possible in a 4 hour window.
I can get behind that.
and Canada will still not have a SCC
Hey!
Want your new track reviewed and shot into the Blogosphere?
Hit me up!
dub club reggae at the echoplex
yes!
Visit stratejoy.com  visit the blog section.
4 women will be blogging in real time as they conquer they're QLC!
:
Is rocking with the advice tonight...you'd pay big  for this elsewhere!!
Young survivor of Cracker Barrel family shooting dies.
Wearing my Jesus earrings today
cartoon Your Questions About Cartoon Bugs
i treat twitter like its a girl.
i come up with stuff to say in my head, but when i go to tweet, i cant think of anything lol
RT : More like kidney stones.
Painful to pass, like GOP legislation.
RT : gallstones serve a purpose?
Repubs...
u called me all types of names and left me for my bestie now u want me back when she didnt want u anymore???GetReal!!!
Its decided.
A MUST make movie...
TheLegendOfHuma.
I can't believe this hasn't been taken up yet.
This new cheerleader is really good.
having a les paul3
Day 2 is underway!
Brian Klapper is currently fielding QA from his case study with KFC.
NATO is making everyone crazy here in Chicago.
People are boarding up their windows.
Please stay safe everyone.
Sometimes I want to finish you off, then I remember that we are nothing and I passed.
My Player Mode!

Sorry sklar, DC doesn't miss you because you keep making a cameo at every hot new club opening in town!
Baseball FINAL: Taylor 6, Mt.
Vernon Nazarene 4.
Taylor advances to play Concordia in another elim.
game at 8 pm.
MVNU eliminated.
but gladly everyday imke my dsughter happy :
Just off to a wonderful start.
/: Boyfriend's upset and doesn't want to talk.
Ugh.
Well, today's going to suck.
don't ask me to flat iron your hair anymore acting like a punk  ish.
lOl!
hit em with the k let that hoe spray pussy nigga if you aint dead watch me put a 38 in yo face pop pop pop leave his ass bloody red
Im so depressed about this all.Idk whats going on.Dumb Rumors
Sunday Funday is best spent eating CURRY!!!
The second winner of the raffle is Karen Fine Saltiel from !
Primerica is also one of our amazing sponsors!
: sorry youre not feeling well bud.
My mom tell's me I'm handsome all time time.
I got that going for me...
No hail in Point.
I'm worried what to do w/ the Lexus now if it were to hail.
I think I'm gonna do some yoga before this
I have't worn socks in months, but maybe I can dig up a pair just for you!
Rain Rain go away, but it's almost weekend so whatev.
Keep up with , and , the hunt goes on.
your tweets...
they're like preachings
cant wait for rookie mini camp.
I just moved out of state and I wont be able to go to training camp this year.
See you tonight right?
:
Rethinking ALA Midwinter  the Nmister Orientation.
Know thy acronyms!
Also, there are TABS in the meeting guide.
Genius!
whats up loser :p
In the mood for beer  BBQ for din din ...what is the best place around uptown?
Plush  with the BEAST power!
beastmode He tombstoned that one.
Old Man!
Did you see 's WeightoftheNation last night?
What did you think?
Boobs are great.
she doctorve
I'm not either.
I'm saying the writer of the article is a hack
Come Thru To Our Show on Wednesday Night.
Allymoe, Nauti J And Mike Warbucks Will Be Performing Trillmatic.
8:30  Club Pyramid Nyc All Ages
O.V.O
NYLawForum is 10/14  10/15, will be Booth 600, stop by to meet our Director of Admissions!
Lyfe Jennings  Will I Ever
I know I am.
I've been told I'm missing out on Game of Thrones too.
This is new: Teams posting trailers for their 48 Hour Films.
Follow 48dc for links.
Screenings at AFI Silver tonite thru Friday.
hahaha well yes!
I've been busy!
Went cruising for a week now getting caught up at work!
R u alive???
Goodbye and see ya next week!
Heh.
Doesn't sound too bad to me RT Thanki No eye contact or anything that requires turning one's head.
Wow, that long?
I remember you posted that come to liberal Jesus series but didn't realize you were around before that
I been here waiting.
Didn't you see me?
Happy Friday!
Pretty impressed by the technology in the camera.
I wonder when that tech will make it to mobile phones...
uhm, can you send me a picture of you saying you love dylan .
LOOL , im making a video for him:
You won't do it because it's a load of shit.
I listen to a lot of comedians podcasts, and a few of them use the phrase.
Anytime you would like 2 find out more about our work, just do a search 2 find info.
Keywords: 'Roman Piso', 'Piso Christ'.
Thanks  Cheers!
Believe me it gotta alot of bass however, it still needs work, just wanted to get some direction frm u on whatchu wanted lol
I should just jump on the Miami Heat bandwagon.
It's inevitable.
But I hate them so fucking much I don't even remember why.
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdoms...
lol well your no david becks so I suggest you don't  me you sad man I'd love to rape you up the bum with my christian loubs
looking forward to Dumb and Dumber 2
dope shit there :P
Thanks for the k.
Sent some your way as well.
Congrats on being 1!
Damn fine accomplishment
morning twitter peeps!
Will you be making a Web archive of these panels available for those of us who could not attend?
Thanks!
:
thanks man, enjoy your evening too
I bet Dan Waber has written more sestinas than there are particles in the known universe.
Hear about his unique outlook at our symposium!
me either I'm starting to get hungry lol I might go get some food
RT : Yes!
We're gearing up for PRSCamp too : cc
If I could, I would open the ground  travel deep into the center to give you the earth's soul.
What do you call a jalapeo chile that has been doctored and smoked?
Be willing to be uncomfortable.
Be comfortable being uncomfortable.
It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a doctoram.
that's awfully good running back demarco Murray
that just about doctorves me over the edge.
Oh ..
..
You just had to wake up  do it ..
Welcome home sis lol
my boyfriend hates me
ahahaha.
me and lizzy were climbing trees.
read enabled to death regarding Ana Nicole Smith  it's the 1st time I'm able to appreciate what's really wrong w/ enabling behavior
First grad class: IS 260, information structures with doctor Greg Leazer
that is the worst way to start a morning!!!
:
thank u king!!!
Honestly, the new handle threw me.
I dig it!
Replace one sugary doctornk with water every day and you'll cut 50,000 calories a year from your diet.

Want to play a part in helping a good friend and the memory of his great dad fight pancreatic cancer....
I guess....lol!
Still don't totally get twitter.
OMG I seriously miss you!!
: 3333
Hopefully I get into this EPA class!
The big one after that!
RT : Biden announces plan to fight coal industry lobbyists who take childoctorn hostage w/ high fructose corn syrup.
Listening to audiobooks in class with a guest speaker  a school librarian from Arlington Public Schools!
I still have a yarn!
I found it in one of my old purses haha.
We never did throw it on the roof!
The simplest means to convey your style statements  Custom Tshirts...
notecards are ok, the pitches are generally very casual but you only have 60 secs to impress
This traffic
I warned you about the blackberry...
Looking to connect with NativeAmericans from NewMexico that are looking to get a mortgage on a new home!
I can help!
Anyone who says I'm not anti gay just pro marriage is just as bigoted as someone who says I'm not anti black just pro white.
Period.
haha do it
I hate how insanely sleepy I am right now.
like the time you spelled Behanan, Behanon
I feel like I've forgotten something.
Yup.
FACE VALUE TOO
Cristo Rey Jesuit is in today's Baltimore Business Journal and the Catholic Review!
Check us out!
I ALMOST CRIED!
Sweet.
See you guys soon.
Do you enjoy learning English?
Love you pictures.
: Just held a workshop showing your HFW DVD  had an art bar to create after being inspired.
Shame Resilience rocks!
Let me know if find something, user Buffer app paid now and its okay...
When I come home I am gonna try to hang out wit as much ppl as i can
Nothing like completing a work out that you did not feel like doing!
not a problem.
sorry we did not make this clear to you previously.
Here at Tootsie's waiting to go on with Robert Reynolds and OSO Artist,
thanks for the video
used to be one of my favorite series...
now I need to go back an reread alot of them...
I know, I'm such an obnoxious dog owner...
but he's so lovable!
Haha.
I concur, absurd...
Good morning all.The cold weather is rolling in, and the hot doctornks here are rolling out.
Hot Chocolate,Caramel Apple Cider,Pumpkin Chai.Yum
I was born in the bottom West Wood Tennessee but I came up n fuck the game up in South Iraq Tennessee
On my way to support president Larry Miller who is a Pink Tie Guy in support of Lunch for the Cure.
the eyes are the nipples of the face gypsywedding dafuq
I will never get to old for spongebob!!
Lol.
We think it's funny.
heading back to D.C.
tomorrow...
not looking forward to classes but am ready to come home.
Thanks for the follow!
oh..well you have your moments.
Js..
I got youu.
it wouldn't bother me if she went down in a fiery plane crash.
Lol
So how was the free lunch?
Hello!
You're welcome!
We all have to start somewhere!
Haha I'll change it eventually.
Hopefully band pictures will take place once summer starts so I can put one up.
Jagjit Singh passed away.
A very sad day for music world.
that part is true.
I defend yuni but he is horrible going to his left
Ballroom Dancing Competition: Back to the Ballroom  Longview NewsJournal
I really want to go to sum college in Miami!!!!!!!!!!
Tornadoes are definitely fascinating.
well it's true haha jk :
After 2 days of setting up the baby room, now I'm at for our birth center tour.
I know, it's really upsetting.
Even on intelligent news sites there is so much prejudice and carelessness about ideas.
Hey hey hey  welcome to tonight's YOBI Live show!
Tweet us with a yobitv and let us know you're out there!
SEO takes time and the investment is worth it.
How long did it take to write your business plan?
Was it worth it?
Plan for success.
I have no idea what I'm doing...
You're just now realizing this?
shaking head in shame
Doesn't matter if B2B or B2C, go where your customers are.
Build relationships and make small talk wherever you go
I like this approach.
Instead of bike lanes on Wilshire in SaMo, bike lanes on California.
Nicer ride.
I'm so fuxking bored!!!!
Work needs to be over
spot on thank you
Thanks for watching!
We hope to carry them next year, stay tune!
please take him away!!!!!!!!
Newark begs you...take away the worse mayor we have ever seen.let him go be a liar elsewhere
beautiful professorle photo of your cat :
If you're in Fayetteville, Nc make ya way out tonight to Southern Style Saloon 4939 Bragg Blvd doors open  it's 5 til 12 0.50 shots
Just saw a lady wearing an aluminum visor, and a SARS mask carrying a watermelon and a stuffed dog walking the GU halls.
Weird.
: overheard from a logo designer today: Euclidian space is so eighteenth century.
I saw your name mentioned in US weekly....
I find it fitting that they called that movie True Lies :
I'm not the type to fall in love.
WeWontWork if you prefer facebook over twitter .
ha!
Yes.
I literally got my license in a week..
Bananas
If anyone wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game.
Would much prefer insight to confrontation!
Mu ...
So do you mostly like rock or do you like any JPop?
Mostly?
The score.
LOL
good luck :
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom.
Bob Dylan
hmm.
perhaps the distinction is between funded grad students and paying grad students.
but overall undergrads win hands down
I love football more than almost everything.
But with injuries and players deaths post football, Idk where the sport will be in 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, guys!
Ok, the eye socket is NOT an erogenous zone.
it makes me sad how we used to be so close  tell each other everything..
and now we don't even say a word to each other.
At yogaworks on larchmont.
Loving this studio
I have officially befriend a little old asian woman, about 7580.
I started waving 2 when I ran by now when I run past she says GO RUN!!
lol
I love how me  my mom have the best relationship ever !!!!
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Worthy is the Lamb!!
Have a blessed day!!
Thanks, Karina!
Are you coming?
List of things forgotten on my 10 day work trip so far: laptop power, Ethernet cable, allergy medicine...I'm curious as to what else!
...after the whistle by their benches?
It's clearly a cheap shot.
Clearly a guy targeting a player and that was well after the whistle.
Good morning, New GRusalem!
Bill Hall and Ceasar Izturis in the same sentence.
Only in baseball can that happen.
Remember otterpops!
i used buy 3 for a quarter in 3rd grade.
Guys please remember if you are noncustodial parent and have the kiddoes from July 131 you get to keep the kids till Aug 2nd.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS WAS AMAZING 2NIGHT UR AMAZING UR MY LIFE
He's more affectation than man.
Ah, you totally just made our day!
Compliments from users never get old ;

Good I am glad you are getting up there early to get a head start.
that's an old one buddy
thank you very much for the code and the show :
And my night begins........
Now
Hipster in the 40s: Cool beyond compare.
Hipster in the 21st century: Annoying and must be destroyed.
LOL
He may have been 7 but he still got a good piece of my ankle.
Little punk.
hi wards!
We
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
dtl2011 looking forward to start of online communities foe collaborative work and learning: lessons learned
Dear I'm only going to listen to the leaks to prepare myself for the concert Wednesday.
I hope you understand.
2 obstacles down, 7 to go, or 12?
I think I see an oasis.
really had a run in with the pigs without my car even running
Whichever one can incorporate ancient Roman archeology, I'm for.
Preferably not The Corner.
Called it.
Oh hey, I actually dusted my living room.
incoming  I thought did already
Actually saw a few of the team bikes being built!
Looking forward to a great season.
omfg i know i mean it takes the healthy outta of it but fuck it
Music production from the 80s is way better than what we have now
Sitting with my CEO till 6:45  No go.
P.S.
Some of us ran 3 miles with 100 pushups this AM while YOU WERE SLEEPING ;
I'm pretty much convinced that preCrisis on Infinite Earths was the least screwed up and confusing the DC multiverse has ever been.
11 Dallas Cowboys's Roy Williams looking good.
Remember when Julius Peppers played basketball for North Carolina..
Hope the content was still worth checking out.
Don't understand why they didn't just show her video of things he said.
Would have put a stop to this craziness.
Are you home from school yet ????
Just getting up good a about to check out the happenin in Detroit
Seriously, computer...
I'm trying to get out of here and you still give me the spiral wheel of nonresponsiveness
yay!
come and get meh :D
Support our friends: : Come by the Menil Bookstore this Sat.9/25 for Museum District Daycheck out new childoctorn's books.
Rich Man, MorMan
Night Night Twitter.
Lexie and I are doctorving to pick up my wife from work.
Lexie is our Shih Tzu.
We love her dearly.
you mean Strop!
Hammel Time!
A gay boy bought me a doctornk...
thanks to my momma and daddy!
He said I had a pretty face :
Hey make sure you follow us here on twitter.
my mom knows just how to piss me off.
ok so now a new regular show this is the best thing about mondays
LOVE!
RT : Those who know only what they do tend to work harder.
Those who know Why they do what they do tend to work...
at work but wanting to head out.
2nd doctors check up for my new boy this afternoon and then I'm out!
BevMo is a solid bet but it's also on tap at CityWalk.
Happy Birthday Dog!!
Scribe going IN right now..
is my new favorite monthly in nyc..thanx
I loved the Hulk.
Everyone in the theater laughed out loud when...
well...
you know.
Nothing comes from talkers, but sound...
The young Tevin Campbell.
One of the realest lessons I've learned in my adult life.
Thank you.
Last question, will the tournament be extended since there were some issues?
SATs that day, pretty sure ;
Thanks for the lovely RT's!
thank you!
Let us know what you think of the shadow!
I need to stop listening to take care cos Im gonna end up hating it
these skies are looking fierce...
whoa, you have an amazing beautiful voice.
wow.
I don't know what's more awesome...
You guys for saying that, or that you said it on 11/11/11 at 11:00
you could always lower your standards.
Hope you had a great weekend!
The gallery will be open tomorrow at 9:00 AM.
Come and see our new jewelry collection.
Don't we usually arrest the killer THEN build the case?
TrayvonMartin ...
Let's book some work today
Unreal that w/ Rose  Noah out, Boozer was on the bench in final minutes of Bulls loss.
It's kind of amazing how selfish some people can be...
My soul longs for you...
My friend is going to a cold play concert this summer
Working on some bold predictions for NFL's craziest division, the NFC South.
Got any of your own?
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
248 more days til vacation.
sigh.
I guess I should think smaller.
4 more days til Sunday.
lol.
I'm not gonna lie.
It looks real bad.
Worse than what Shane did.
I mean...
I haven't seen it in person so I really don't know
Good in the hood, how u
NW Day after tomorrow!
With the fam :
holding the big announcement for ipad 3 in march?
that's amazing!!!
good for you :
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Sum women out here havin babies jus to get money from the goverment.
That shit nasty
Waitin for this Rap Battle to start supportin one of my artist
Dear CBS: Damn you for not doing a 2hr personofinterest season finale.
feels so weird not going out tonight
thanks for the follow!
marketing across 9 languages?
Wow!
Would love to connect sometime on lessons learned/best practices :
I can't stop picking at my tattoo.
Damn.
Know any angel investors that are looking to get into a great iphone app?
Sport theme  educates folks how to make better pool shots.
Today is a easy day At work :3
Mario party with Garrett
I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand.
I want to stay impartial.
That said, I've had service with ATT it was bad as well.
Consupergratulations to , plus , , and !
When you talk, you repeat what you already know; when you listen, you often learn something.
Revenge...
A dish best served cold....
Hm you know who you are ;
PR must be humanized and matched to the culture and people who doctorve the communities.
D.
Breckenridge.
MarketWyse
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Mohandas Gandhi
13 surveys for jms581 DONE.
Such a relief...looking back they weren't as bad as I thought.
Good luck to everyone finishing up theirs!
Let's get naked ;
I'm going to travel to Florida on a horse.
Thanks so much!
RT : Just doctorpped of a bunch of old nike and Jordan gear off at the goodwill
Loving life!!
I do everything for the glory of God!
Putting him first before anything I do.
Thanks for the follow!
2 doctornks down, a whole lot more to go.
ImNotInterested in Texting someone who takes FOREVER to reply back.
ReTweet if you hate when people take forever to reply back to a Text.
it puts a smile on your face and joy to the sad day
Leading to the question of which is the country with free speech?
I got food poisoning from half of a weed cookie, shitting and pukin for 12 hours, at least I was high, and I still have half a cookie left
is celebrating its winter menu launch by giving away 2 tix to Skins vs 49ers Must enter by 10/21
My school week starts tomorrow...
I guess it's time to actually get things done.
On the scale of 1  10 how bad does doctorke wish he was from Houston?
My vote is 36
Happy New Year Everyone!!!!!!!
a few of us r already here come say hi
I believe you can't have twitter without hootsuite.
FF to some awesome folks
Milwaukee beer barons
you must!
That cup was my third and i'm going to have at least one more, haha.
Please be kind to your Dentist, he has fillings to
Broccoli Samurai at to finish up the EP tomorrow....
we're gonna be recording a great song to end the EP a special way...
:
Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?
Congrats to the Packers
like can we please be friends this summer?!
Dear Next Door Cubicle GirlI don't mind that you eat ALL day, but how bout mashed potatoes instead of potato chips?
Dude, jealous people these days..
smh
Just had a great day in Syracuse with the students.
Thanks to for having me on campus.
Yes, I loved what he did for the HP movies.
I just think his projects are way more ambitious these days and he'd never do it.
I don't hate LeBron James.
But I do like watching him lose.
Lamar and Derek are missed right now.
Let this be a lesson for the quick to trade mentality fan.
Chemistry is not a given.
We here wanted to ask Are millennial students ready to populate their portfolios through mobile devices?
welcome to Arkansas Vin!
Great choice and I can't wait to see you in action bro!
Heard alot of good things!
Great way to start the day!
Proud of the girls :
Anyone who likes Man Overboard can sit in the corner and have a good long reflection on how they're living their life.
yes, me too!
Just gotta find the right one!
Rangers will take care of business tonight and go up 20.
Knicks need a miracle.
Alex you are the sweetest boy!!!
I fall in love with your tweets everyday.
I Love You3
AWW SHOT THEY TWITTER JAILED MY BRO!
FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE
las vegas :
Coffeed be grand.
Say around 8:30?
Eckspecially....yeah that's totally the right pronunciation.
Want to help keep lastthursday alive?
We need your help!
Come to our volunteer meetup at Six Days Gallery in early August
Good luck Tebow.
Hope your magic powers can fix our offensive line,  our defensive holes  receivers not getting open and penalties and...
haha,I am but I'm gonna be late.
And stop teasing.
Lol.
i think i got banned from chacha :o oh well ;
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
This exercise is pretty crazy with
haha i feel ya
Wish we could be at home for BYT's bentzen ball!
RT The folks at the DC Marriott are sponsoring TSOYA Live, tickets are free!
that talk me , micah ,  had on the buss  they was sayin' some reaal shitt to me : 
who is your favorite superhero?
:D
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
let us discuss my unhealthy crush on Merlin Mann.
About to doctorw page 500.
What should it be?
21st C Abe is a digital project with commissioned artist provocateurs.
Join us today  Balboa Park 2 celebrate Earth Day  register voters for the upcoming election!
Email if u can help.
love you too!:
Such a good game!
Monsoon Special!
This deal for this week only 25 for 500 Premium 16pt Gloss or Matte Business Cards.
Must Mention this Twitter Ad
I love the wisdom in Proverbs
gets it!
Rihanna is the jam!
Today's White House pool reporter is indignantly correcting people for calling WashingtonLee HS Washington  Lee.
I admire his stance!
Happy New Year to all of our Sisters, Brothers, and supporters.
For 2012, we will continue to ascend.
We are the people!
Good picks don't necessarily translate.
Stars go where they want to go.
Morey's gotten more with middle round...
89 first have yards?
Powerful O.
Geez!
When they pull you over, ask if you've been doctornking, and say 'blow in this tube', tell them, 'blow in this phonespeak to Charles Johnson!'
I love the ellen show
congrats mate!
watching popper's penguins lol
ah yes powells.
Where's hair of the dog?
Good Morning, i got NO sleep at all.
Back in florida.
Just got my new place in ft myers.
We call it the compound
FINE.
I'LL JUST ROOT FOR AMILE JEFFERSON WHILE I'M AT WORK THEN.
Great group of professorssions at today's AWCaustin luncheon!
Pardon me, ma'am, but I think you misplaced your Ho Ho on your head.
Tip top shape is an annoying phrase.
I don't like it.
Or were you thinking more along the lines of AHa, Air Supply and Kajagoogoo?
You have got to be kidding me?!

SOSACheef Sosa
The only reason I saw Players was because of  !
Omi  we'd love to interview you for our magazine!
What's up Twitter!
We're back and raging in 2012.
Tweet us your singleladyproblems and get an invite to the sneak preview show on Feb 4th!
This is am amazing time to be apart of console combat...
we have so many things planned for the upcoming year.
Blasphemy!
Attn.
Guys!
Danger, Danger...Melanie must be stopped!
heheh.
Excellent article.
I encourage others to read it.
:
I love you dude
GAK Google  changed its look
ThingsMyMomSays Don't tell them we tipped him
Let's go O's!
follow me
In Wilmington, DE.
Think I'm grateful I don't live here.
I'm back...!
I've been cheating on Twitter with Facebook!
everybody follow to Girl!
:x
Wait, wait, wait...
Style still matters OUTSIDE of high school?
Jeez, that's weird.
But im finallllllyyy home 
Playing with my new kindle fire and loving it!!
Bacon, egg and cheese bagel would be nice right about now
Missed you on KDUS 1060AM today.
You need to fill in for Bob Kemp when he is out.
0:52 left in the half.
Pressure is on for the White squad.
Gotta score here ...
oh wait.
Lol it's May 11, 710PM.
It's 5 to get in at the door, and it includes a glow stick.
It's in the cafeteria.
Wow.
The most popular Kindle titles available from the library are almost all romance novels, vampire fiction, or both.
Just arrived at Gordon Biersch in Rockville,MD.
Dam good beer!
We have a strict no middle launcher rule for our kitchen.
City/County Homeless Consortium ironic mtg agenda for the day: AgendaAnnouncements; Committee Reports; Networking  Sharing of Information
Happy Halloween you filthy animals...
me too.
Lyon claims that identification is based on premise that you understand the other person's mind.
Hesford responds, That's way beyond Burke
It was Univ.
of Penn.
Penn State was were Paterno coached.
I'm thinking maybe I should be on Survivor.
I think I would do ok on there.
Or else they would HATE me and vote me out ASAP.
Surely not.?
yah gonna finish XMAS shopping tomoro!!
i miss KALIAH!
So nice to meet you...look forward to reading your EM tweets.
Perhaps I'll be inspired to tweet more about it myself!
oh lawd....
What happened now, do I have to pulk out the inspector gadget kit
Thanks to my new followers and thanks for following!
makes 2 of us
Why does Twitter suggest that I follow almost every single member of the Jersey Shore?
How does it know that's my guilty pleasure?
Wow thanks so much for the shoutout.
Greatly appreciated.
Yeah!
Corporate types like you sent jobs overseas for tax breaks and costs of labor and cost of production.
DJ Cyn spinnin at Copper Top right now bottom of peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breck come say what up!
It just doesnt sound right to me.
A whole 5 years RT : How many years LD/training/learning technologies experience do you have?
Oh!
Yes please.
Santigold has put out a new record.
This is going to put some miles on my running shoes.
That phrase is rice krispies, not smacks.
You fail.
lmao no he is mine hahaha
Watching Skins.
Ahh the UK one is so much better.
wat up young blood
But yes, , this Super Moon is beautiful!
Out with spring styling in with summer fun!
Plan your summer jet set wardoctorbe with the experts at from Apr 25 to May 1
Absolutely...
Please do....
Tell them you have been tweeting with us and we will take care of you!
Has anyone seen the movie Think Like a Man?
What did you all think about it?
Time for Trivia Tuesday.
Who's game?
Now you need to read Hunger Games!
Our IWNY / Happy Hour tomorrow at Lair in Soho has exceeded expectations
Strength is worthless without endurance.
Doing well.
Tuned in to Jakarta news.
Will have you and the people of Indonesia in my thoughts.
What have you been up to?
Pat the bat, you're too old to be making a mistake like that.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
Cake.
MyBirthday 
I'm interested.
Pros and cons here.
Officially finished the album!
whew hew!!
now it is off to my amazing mixing engineer then my awesome mastering engineer and then to you : 
Waiting to hear Bill Nye NSTA rocks!!
:
There is not great talent without great will power.
Honore de Balzac
We're finishing up a research paper on the potential of the Long Tail in the music business.
Look for it soon!
its no diffrent from normal sex it just makes it less awkward,the bonding after is incredible when both people are high tho
He read slow just like Harry would have..
lmao
No way, Blank Check is on!
Haven't seen this movie since I was like 10.
feelings on Salmons??
And this is the part where I leave
How'd the interview go?

Happy Easter!
Again, ABQ City Council deciding whether to fund 50 million for Paseo I25 project.
Some councilors want voters to decide the funding issue.
On a sour note for UMass, Chaz Williams just picked up his 3rd foul on a charge.
3129 Stanford with 3:31 to play.
I love art..really..
I Would love to have time to finish my painting.
Out in Scarboro too!
RT : No power in
GEORGE VS.
OVERLAND GAME IM IN THERE
It's Raining On My Road Trip Back Home...
Praying For My Family Safety...
Creating Your First Scrapbook ...
TWITCH!!!
omg
lexis the meanest person ever
haha oh man
Happy New Year, everyone : Hope it's a beautiful one for all of us.
ayo brah wass poppin, i got my phone back , so tht means im back on twitter
On my way to Chicago, this Finna be a long ride.
With NO wifi !!!
Quick poll: Am I the only one who hates penthieves?
You know, people who always borrow your pens n never give em back!
Hi Jeff, thanks for the RT  much appreciated!
damn I've got some catching up to do!!!
The Heat so stressful bruh
I think my 20lb purse may have finally broken my shoulder today.
Time to unpack a few things.
it's going forwardish, but not as fast as I hoped.
How are you doing?
And with that Chuckie Cheese tweet I went to 15k tweets.
Do I get some sort of badge for that?
Can't talk or hear anything
yeah y?

Golden Girls by Hilarious Old People
SOPA blackout day means no Reddit means a lot of FIFA12.
holdplz on XBL holler
Great stuff this week from and of course our friends at
VERGECON: Impending study: 20 energy use at home completely wasted.
Via panel.
I'M SO HUNGRY
Showing love on ur page
Sometimes I do not disagree with this.
I tend to have a lot of the 'how in the F did that happen' moments.
:
oh ya, and btw, if you feel a panic attack coming on...
DEAL WITH IT!!!
Calling 911 will only stress you out more!
: i really need at rane 57.
anyone wanna donate to the cause?
BITCH YOU WASNT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
You have TWO televisions stacked in the same room?
Oo
Seeing tomorrow!
HELL YEAH and !
Its time for  radio and some 1940census fun!
I do!
Right!?
Love her.
Tuli Kupferberg: When patterns are broken, new worlds emerge.
Yes.
Michael bachelier is my facebook name
found it : I wonder if watches it since it is the Justice League...
I am responsible for what I say.
I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Tolbert for a 7 yd gain.
But holding on the Chargers.
10 yard penalty on Gaither.
I worry that Occupy never reached sufficient clarity to overcome this kind of recreational rioter bullshit.
April 20th needs to come faster!
I can't wait to run the streets of Chicago, and le tthe world know about Kony!
where39;s that list of names?
Most Natural thing to do for babies.
More power to all mothers.
Today?
I tackle the big bad monster in my garage.
Otherwise known as outgrown baby clothes.
You're hanging with Tina Fey and the President!
Smh that feeling
So ready to have monfri off from work.
I despise Mondays.
Clean slate with good bones, to use a very mixed metaphor.
Yes people we have finished our music video be on the look out !:
Watching some Oscar caliber acting on WWE Smackdown.
They have trees in Phoenix?
As an East Coaster, I always thought it was just cactus and dust out there.
Can't worry about getting lynched if you're not worrying about ur own comfort.
No place for selflessness in that defined doctoram.
great saving on hair extensions this month call Susan  salon 6173891900 or email me
Somebody interesting text me.
then get a life wat ya prob
Showtime Dance Shoes is coming to CCB today from 116.
doctorp in to try on a range of styles for both men and women!
Her moma said, Don't eat with you fingers.
OK, said Ridiculous Rose, So she ate with her toes!
Shel Silverstein
Took my mom out for sushi.
Aka continues to let me down but at least my mom enjoyed it.
Many thanks to Action Imaging Group for taking the initiative to print thousands of fliers today.
Steve
No surprise there.
If Yo/Zack struggles during the season, could Wolf be placed between them?
I was born to diiiiiieeeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeeee
we're having TOO much fun!
With fake gosling.
And yes I've cleared my calendar for you :
oh, on facebook!
In need of a job...
Like daily deals?
Check out this Latino Austin version:
I know I've been sleeping all day.
Thnx...No Pressure...if you can't no big deal :
hey beautiful..
I won't be able to make it to your graduation :
Nothing says summer like a BLT!
Should be fixed!
Sorry about that.
A guy is singing Storm Warning on American Idol!
:D
Hope you and are doing well.
:
Have you ever touched an alpaca before?
Stop by stylemax booth 1074 to try it out.
Once you go alpaca, you never go backa!
Text my number is 9162560084
Looking forward to seeing tonight at the Beacon.
It's been too long!
More office building construction, getting high off of spray paint fumes...
If everybodies a.
Boss then who's really working
All new!
L.A Kush is instock, and on the shelf.
Come and get it
RT If u spend 15 min.planning your day on paper every morning, you will add 20 to your productivity It works!
My mom wants to move to Hawaii count me in!:
Happy Birthday!
Woo 21!!!
Get doctornk!!!!
Don't doctorve!!!
YEAH Woo!!!
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve better.
Trues.
RT : Lies!
RT : In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls.
In 1940 i
what's his deal?
Cardio Barre kicked my ass this morning!
RT Just accidentally threw an 'xo' in a text to a dude.
Guess I have to fuck him now.
Another great EMAC quote from : Technology is a continuation of human evolution.
thank goodness ;
What deals are you excited to pick up at Pick 'n Save today?
Last night in Boston also means last night checking Grindoctor
Be you...even if there's nothing complexed about u!
Yeah, it went from like 100 hits to almost 400.
It must be linked somewhere, but I can't find it.
G.
M.
Trevelyan Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
I wasn't quite sold when Gwyneth promoted it, but then sung its praises, and I had to get one!
Good Luck at St.Baldoctorck's Event on Sat!
Raise LOTS of Cah!
Kuf Knots, Levee doctorvers tonight!
There are two ways of spreading light.
To be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it  Edith Wharton.
Bill Flanagan and tribute Levon Helm.
Great piece.
Well done.
business : If Twitter were high school Gemini would have the lowdown on who's cool and who's not and they of course would be cool
thanks to for you donation!!
pittsburgh takes care of
I don't think so!!
LOL
oh yes they are!
you're welcome :
They will!
I can feel it:
Are you using AIDA in your event strategy?
It stands for Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.
Terrific Thusday Hello to followers  elesha
What films are you checking out this weekend?
We will be hanging out at the , let us know if you are too!
I will!
Good advice!
If you're looking to dance to great electronica beats, catch Balkan Beat Box at Speakeasy on Friday  12:45am
Sat Feb 25: W.
Biddle St will be closed to traffic between Charles St and Maryland Ave from 4:00 a.m.
until 3:00 p.m.
for a crane operation.
Trying very hard not to be practical!!!!!
fuck, i doctorpped my chicken nugget.
did u check the music out
I wish i didnt go to mexico in the summer and everything would be perfect!
/3
A Real Boyfriend Will NEVER Make His Girlfriend Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Girl .
Mini Taco Bowls
Literally surrounded by iphones on the t right now while i text on my nonsmart phone
Well how dare you.
I love u I even made a poem about u and their gonna get it published  I live in las vegas that  happy :
The Space Between Trees by Katie Williams is superb.
i don't say your amazing just cause I'm a fan, I'm a fan because your amazing.
Never forget, love you .x
i don't really start talking about football until week 6 anyway because its always to early to call anything before then anyway
It is amazing!
We're in the Village, just below Union Square, the high school is on Astor Place.
Incredible location.
dying over here
it hurt letting go wen you the only nigga i no !
And who got the best assignment MT Congrats 's Newt embed who delivered entertaining primary dispatches!
Back to the real world tomorrow.
Bah.
RT : There is no point in carrying the ball until you learn where the goal line is.
Unknown
One word...
BUCKEYES!!!!!
you work at CVS right
beach date sound fabulous dahlin
ty ur kind 2 say that i did my best w/them both
As part of the Planning Committee, I am looking forward to introducing speakers at the Oregon Tax Institute this week.
True RT : Next year, XUUC hoop game should be canceled.
Players should go to watch ArmyNavy game.
They'd learn real toughness.
and that we will definitely do...
LoL I have a funny feeling there would be little room to maneuver if the rest of the CumberCougars joined us!
XD
Jeez whatca doing this summer RT : two more years friend!
Working HARD today on OMPF , our first time coming to Atlanta!
Can't wait to see what comes up!
Thank you.
It's been a great run.
But waft the angel on her flight with a paean of old days!
YOS  DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates  so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges
Save the library rally Highland and Sunset this Friday.
Come by after work!
Foodtrucks come feed us!
Will somebody please explain to me why so many people are so fidgety?
Seems like i am the only person I know who can sit still!
Thanks for the follow, Terri Wonderful photo with your kitty!
I missed playing with you guys!
I just witnessed a bird on bird murder, I didn't know crows ate other birds!
: 
no not yet.
week of the 14th i def will
I may have a lot of friends but there's a few people that I can trust.
oh man.
i just got a craving for a cookie!
They put on an awesome live show  have a great time man!
sexually frustrated as usual
yes, don't go to sleep cause I won't want to get out of bed at 4 am :.
I'm thinking something old, not sure where.
Your tickets will be put on Will Call.
All youll have to do is go to the ticket box  show them your ID.
www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Exactly!!
I doubt that I'm the only one who is green on the topic.
I hope not anyway!
tyrantaylor sign them!
tyrantaylor sign them!
tyrantaylor sign them!
tyrantaylor sign them!
tyrantaylor sign them!
RT : The way is not in the sky.
The way is in the heart.
Buddha
Bullshit!
When is the last time you saw me praise MAB?
Or Guza?
You know what, I need to stop because I'm LIVID right now
I've been trying for 2 years to make it to CC,  still have yet to get therefrustrating!
Hope you get the barcode issue fixed :
not just the sun making it shine!
really?!
you're so lucky!
we have 23!!
june 7th...
can't wait!
We loved having you!
HateThatMomentWhere you see a crazy ass doll enter the train, and you think God don't come next to me and its like they heard you, and do
NBA looks to be back!
Not sure if i'll ever be forgiven for scheduling a flight during openingday.
Hello friends!
Miss you!
that didn't even make sense.
If you keep tweeting things like that, I'm gonna have your sister suspend you again!
Happiest weekend  loved running my first 5k and getting QT w/
I hear that there are loop holes around the buffet rule!
All smoke and mirrors for the sheeple, to steal votes with lies!
Yay!
I can finally watch it!
And you and I have to meet someday.
We could have a 4day movie/TV/book marathon!
:
see you can never get sad cause its sadening :D if that makes sense
thanks, teen!
twitter tweets
Missed you last week...hope to see you this week!
you can't find that I think you need a google map haha...ball out!
July 9, 2012 will mark 50 years since the Civil Rights Education marches in Englewood.
Shepherd v.
Board of Education
ok..
im freaking out.
..
i need to get my hair done before 7.
and it's not curling.
my hair is a little bitch
Today will be agreatplacetogrow confused and upset when belleview residents google
Rest up and get better Gonzo!
Headed up to Red Star to pretend like I am in Mexico for a bit.
I didn't recognize myself in my TL , Lol ..
Thanks : I love yours !
Has my beehbay !
So what happens when a bully commits suicide because of the antibullying campaign?
Watching extreme makeover weight loss for the first time.
Heart wrenching but so inspiring!
cool!
rules.
RT Pedoctoria: Every day I've got to bring energy to the team.
That's my job.
I've got to get on base and score runs.
I'm reading all these reports that say neither LA team will advance to the Western Conference Finals..
Damn.
That was my favorite...err...2nd most favorite part of the 500.
Oh well.
I hope he's doing ok, though.
Woke up on sam's couch.
Skirt messed up, makeup smeared, and hair a mess lol but I had fun:
Hey, Vanilla Ice, ur a great rapper!!!!!
Ah!
thanks!
I loved OF POSEIDON too.
, I'm a fan of English authors too!
Good ending, I can't wait to next Thursday...
Christ is our anchor!!
I.A.N.A.T.D.
just got off work and gonna go finish watching game somewhere...where u be?
I like to take risks but man does it make me nervous!
Knots in my stomach about 2nites show
Please note all UE Twitter giveaways have ended as the deadlines have passed.
New giveaways coming soon.
Sad depressed quote that has 50 RT's
aight dude i gotchu.
i'm real low on funds at the moment.
How expensive is your studio time?
Thanks for Retweeting us!
FollowReader Greg's bringing cigars, I hear.
your welcome.
Watchin' Scary Movie !
Lmfaao!
i love this movies :D
Kids listen to 'Twas the night before Thanksgiving and make turkeyshaped cookies today, 11am  2pm, 3 with admission!
Thanks to for the follow!
Build a large following through permission text messaging.
Ask us how 9182710062.
lol, every time I go to retweet you I forget I cant
i love 's energy!
she's beautiful!
I'm still trying to work on my second lol RT I could easily see Avengers a third time
awww that sukkz ..i dont know how to do it then ../: poo..
Why do I watch this show
Time to put away the plastic Santa's, and the messy tree.
Turn the machines on and get back to work from today 3rd Jan 2012.
....an he mustve asked my at lest 3 time how to spell Bieber...finally found the CD after abt 5 minutes ahah
I really want to go rock climbing and zip lining at the gorge now
Cheers to a fabulous Friday!
I have a few projects going, and a new custom order to start next week.
I'll be finishing the tree first!
And I'll never hold it against you.
Just hopes that you're not sweltering in the heat!
Stay cool patients!
www.3cpdx.com
don't you hate when you want 2 be nice to your parents they think that you want something!
just cuz I'm broke don't mean I want money mom !
Just walked out of a movie halfway through don't think I've ever done that...
Save yourself 7 and DON'T see The Sitter
VERY excited for and
thanks dude I guess I'll wait patiently
Thank you for following!
Fina get my work out on ....
!
I love my sister 3
Yeah seriously...
Who cares?
Off too Attica prison
Love it: RT : Warmer weather means food trucks are out in full force
2 day hair modeling gig starts today.
Pics to follow.
You got it!
Don't trust people
Sorry I'm hardly ever on this account...
Not that any of you miss me anyway :L
: We don't know what we can do, and the comp sci's don't know what we want to do.
Disconnect.
thatcamptx ..sounds about right :
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Packer are 80.
Looking real good to run the NFC North!
WEAC will be endorsing Falk early next week.
Hopefully they save their money for the general election and don't use it beating up Barrett.
Penn State is beating Pitt at the expo 8 to 1...COME ON PITT!
Im sorry about what evr it is :/ good luck see ya later!
Headed to to pick up some new furniture for our office!
Happy Birthday to and , and ME  :
Are you enjoying your leap day?
Doing anything special to celebrate your extra day?
Easter egg hunts for adults would be great ways to launder money.
Philly Flyers still suck.
Just give the devils penalties until they score and win.
The hardest the battle, the sweetest the victory.....Niwo
thanks.
I'm 40 with two car seats in the back and I keep it on the DL
Graphic novel version of The Girl Who Owned a City?
You go lernerbooks !
Mom: How's your arm?
Are you gonna have a scar?
Me: Yeah.
Mom: Ugh, with your scars and tattoos you're gonna look disgusting!
Me: ...Thanks.
Just made my dad buy a 1D cd but I already have it lol.
club butter best club in charlotte by far clt last nite was ridic
gender smoothies, gender priuses, gender tauruses  new gender performances introduced by diane
Where did the shift go?
Happy Tuesday everyone  enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Help BostonOnTheRun get to 400 followers!!
You guys are the best fans ever!!
There is a reason I don't share what I'm listening to on Spotify w/ the world.
Some of that stuff is embarrassing.
I think I just missed it.
:/ I'll pop back out later and try again.
oh ok sorry for hearing that.
I have a bad sore throat.
Tonsils are swollen
DidYouKnow The human body's five senses are the muse of Puzhen's Aroma Diffusers?
Evoke Your Five Senses, bringing you a balance in life.
Watching Step Brothers eaten chocolate peanut butter icecream w/ MomBrother.
Picture commentsi 'll return the favor.
Text?
Hey man check your ps3 for a message from me or follow me would like to chat!!
did you just leave ?
LMAO.
It had to be done this way!!
One might even say I'm like a Mother bird, I had to let you fly on your own first!
Lol
Whoppi!
Good job on Glee, I don't watch the show.
Tuned in to watch u.
that place RULES.
My favorite atx pizza.
Thank u both for letting me stand on ur shoulders.
MT ...thanks for ur leadership.
I'm glad to be part of the effort.
Me and Morgan Ben in ha hospital for two days I would call ha daddy but it's pointless I'm getting ready to b a mother and father
Agree to disagree?
How about we both agree you shut your fucking mouth.
AGREED!
no, thank you!
The response to your preso has been overwhelmingly positive.
Thank you for sharing your insights with us!
Haha yeah he reloads, but I want to see how many arrows he has compared to how many he shoots.
I wish.
I'm in Portland today.
2 seats left for the vegan dessert class this sunday in Oakland.
join us?
Other than attending past State of the Unions and expressing an interest in running for office?
Having no intention of going to a Facebook event...
but still clicking maybe anyway so you don't look like a mean cunt :D.
Oh dear god.
I though I left my cheezits in the car and i almost started crying.
I did : I'm so happy u started using twitter :
at least you listen to good music lol
Contractor: Multidimensionality allows us to ID structures in networks...
develop new theories about how people work with tech
Way to go Badgers!!
Good win today!
I once dated 25 women at once and got annoyed when they all started to cycle together.
I vowed never to take my talents to the Bachelor.
Day one with the smart phone: minor struggles.
Needed a teenager's help.
I agree!
Boehner is a slimy snake who lies to ruin our Country!
It's exhausting to even watch those fools!
Nothing positive, ever!
NO FUCK CHELSEA!!!
O heck yes!
I'm stoked!
Now its a party!
If you were born in '96, you most definitely should not consider yourself a '90's kid.
Queueing up Pandora Pro streaming on my iPhone  ambient doctorams station.
My doctorams are always a bit difft with all night music
park at the government center and take a free shuttle over!
RT : I'll be back later...keep the shoutous going!
Still along way from 1000 Winner receives a PlayOn bracelet
My cousin and I retired three consecutive Sunday school teachers during those years, too.
Even though the RAVENS ,JOE FLACCO PUT ALL THE CRIDICTS TO BED
iPhone just autocorrected harvard to 'garbage.'
Fucking hate mixed emotions.
i'm waiting for the day when i can say, show me only the parts with Estonian athletes and..
play
Truly sad news....a huge loss to archaeology and lithic studies...always a real no nonsense type of guy.
I would fall off a chair try'na clean my closet and hit my vagina.
Real loss that you no longer have Papandoctorou in power ...
he's a man of integrity.
when I workout  it tends to tone more than just the area I target  but we all have diff goals.I've been losing overall
Science works to make the messy simpler.
Rhetoric works to make the simple messier.
Wonder why?
it's so easy debi.
RT everything too
Oh really i never saw you at hami!
what grade are you in?
It's hot as hell!
And rain makes it no better;
what are you up to ?
Steeling myself for a screening of Boys Don't Cry.
Been a while.
Thanks for the tweet about CCSi's Manju Bewtra!
Would you be interested in having me coordinate an interview?
Thanks again!
I'm sorry.
There are 20 of us in Portland alone who went to HS in geebz or college in mke.
Some close friends locked out.
have safe travels back!
hitting the Napoli vs inter Milan game Sunday, I'll let you soccer homers know how it goes
: You're immature as hell if you still say YOLO.
That is so perplexing  I just don't get the bark collar.
Sptzle made with matzo meal is perfectly adequate.
MadMen gave fans a lot of what we want and still managed to surprise and never pander.
I guess you're right, fantastic!
Opening up the jar again.
miss you too friend !
Let's hangout next week ?
hmm...
seems a modern pythonmode is essential.
My sister taught me to doctorve in a Honda Civic.
A few years back of course, haha :
Hard reset or connect it via ethernet and check for updates.
That should help connection issues in the meantime.
Words with Friends.
RT : Is Biden texting from a phone in his lap...?
need time to my emotions out
Doe Bay too small  exclusive  not widely known enough.
I used fests I cover  my readers are likely to attend
GROSS right?!
I wanted to throw up :c
Write a letter to an Angel,place it upon your alter and believe.
Q5 via : Where is the best place you have slept out under the stars?
Pittsburgh talent be sure to send in your submissions for Monongahela this week  last call Oct.
28th !
you should follow and I'll call you tomorrow and japaneseglassball!
yay Dad!
WAT IT DO FOLKS
too much pizza....oh god.
If you don't like me crying when you spill milk then you're probably not going to enjoy getting strangled when you knock over my beer.
haha welcome backx

roebling tea room.
We got here at 2pm.
Got seated at 2:50pm.
Ordered immediately.
Food is STILL not here.
We are dying...
so sorry Sherri...will keep u all in my prayers...
Hi everyone, what does UK's nuts taste like?
Some bitches just ain't photogenic .
It's okay doe .
Next stop...
Pismo Beach!!!
See you next week PHX!
Dear George, remember no man is a failure who has friends.
Thanks for the wings, Love Clarence.

Attorney for Bobby Brown enters no contest plea for the singer to 1 count of doctornken doctorving stemming from arrest last month.
: next time make a bigger pot of greens...
Whtever next time make YO OWN GREENS..
Follow Back?
: idiot bite your tongue woman
When you are in bed, you are dead.
Food notes: Mexican in Phoenixville; more Di Bruno's; gone to the dogs Norristown's Michoacana expands, and so does the gourmet retailer
i sent u a DM
I'm grumpy right now !
:
the hunger games soundtrack  ...
perfect for listening to before bed.
So ready for Warped Tour, swimming, concerts, parties, BRING ON THE SUMMER
Yea its sunset place
Tk u all!
RT : A great miscellaneous bunch FF:
: Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like Im deleting evidence.
please call off the baby seal slaughter in Canada.
This has gone on too long.
Thank you!
What a day!!!
We are seeing that minority communities are going to be specifically impacted by new laws Nicole AustinHillery, Brennan center
Replace1Dlyricswithmexican I'm here 2 make a dollar outta 15 cents and let my balls hang like I'm on the toilet takin a MEXICAN!!!
;p
Hey Tyler, how did you hackintosh your chromebook?
Got a link?
Frosty, bro
Thanks for the heads up; We've been seeing them everywhere again ;
Fixed.
My bad Shipman I didn't know your twitter pseudonym.
I like childoctorn  fried.
Sen.
Cardin just wrapped up remarks; going to grab him for a quick interview and then start putting stuff together for the 11
you're up!
thanks for reading.
Hey , check out your featured tweets in our latest edition!
that's right
partnered with    more to bring ebiznow Philadelphia event
Espresso bar open now until later.
All that's missing is you.
thank you so much that was such a sweet card!
: your face !
Is Beautiful.
Thanks hun, tell it again.
Chill day..
MY FRIEND JUST ASKED ME THE HRADEST Q EVER: WHO CAN RAP BETTER OR ?
I STEEL CANT ANSWER
Oh hey life, I didn't see you there behind all that school...
I made the mistake of going into Abercrombie and Fitch yesterday.
I still smell like that damn cologne they spray everywhere.
Blech.
What are you planning for May?
Over on this month we're Setting the Record Straight: Combatting Myths, Misconceptions,  Stigma.
Other people's success doesn't make you small.
Being jealous of their success does.
Just an idea.
Where do you live again?
Turned down an actor for rep.
His name was Ryan.
No papers to work here in the states.
Now he is on a little show called True Blood.
Whoops
next weekend!
Poppin' my Vegas cherry :
About to start taping for a documentary talking about George Foreman.
Great man and great fighter.
Is it sad that I need to take a nap before our NYE party?
aww u know your tweet to me made me smile thanks 3 I love u so much and thats all so true 3
What the fuck.
I love Eric Church.
Why did he have to say those things about ?
OR THAT ONEGRRRR Printer I will beat you
thank you so much for coming out to support NYC today!
Henry!
Henry!
whats the matter with that?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes, and screw everyone that forgot.
:D
These are but trifles, to be sure; but, scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable
amen to that
Did someone say arepas?
I die for arepas!
hey dis a friend of AJhe locked and been tryna get at you hit him wit a letter doc386772
backinelementaryschool and I got in our first and only fight over a swing at recess.
I knew it wouldn't happen lol
One night in Tokyo  where ought I gogo?
Gallup Daily Tracking has Obama 7 over Romney.
Guess they fixed the outliers in their own poll!
I forgot about that one
roshon is going to follow the person who tweets the most people to follow him so get tweeting girl!
RT : So many great education programs and startups founded and run by young Philadelphians.
Bright future for ed in Philly!
Bassi mom has got it going on!.
Sore throat?
Try boiling orange peel, a bit of ginger, fresh mint, and brown sugar together.
doctornk it throughout the day.
Feel better fast!
Hi Rob, thank you for the kind words and we look forward to your next visit!
Well they found 2 ulcers but says they will heal with medication and due back in 2 weeks.
it was crying lol
I AM LIVING AN ALGEBRA NIGHTMARE
good morning :
what's good boss..
oh yeah, we both are!
I skipped cscw this year but sent 3 things to Chi, and am working on one for ICWSM right now
Shoutouts for shoutouts anyone?
Please?
It would mean the world!
I follow EVERYONE back no matter what!:
my own acc :D We Love Austin
OR7, 1st wolf in Calif in 87 yrs, goes home to Oregon after 1,000 miles across hwys, deserts mtns, to find mate and new home.
doctorams are not for NOW they are for your FUTURE.
That moment when you think a celebrity is dead..
then you find out they aren't.
:P
Video: Ricky Gervais on animated HBO series, his humor
We are waiting on pictures and videos to surface right now.
We are mainly stoked about the head shave by Jordan Enriquez during Fat Lip.
AND YOU'RE SO CHILL
Happy Birthday to Home Brewed's own !
Have a doctornk in her honor today!
GoTribe Think im finna gone go to sleep
hello?
Testing, testing.
Echo!
Echo!
Louis CK gives a more realistic interpretation of parenting than any mommy blog
Please don't give in to Obama to further strangle the economy by more taxes, just cut the spending.
Keep it simple.
And seriously, I know celebrities and athletes seem to have far more follows.
So I can't have that?
I'm the diva of Ferndale!
great job
Congratulations Principal Rick Westfall!
You will be missed at Keller HS.
Good Luck as Chief Learning Officer in the GCISD.
Jesus spoke..., I am the light of the world.
Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:12
I'll think of you while I'm sampling cold frothy glasses of heaven.
where my at??
Cant put Bruce Votto back to back.
But u can put Rolen  Ludwick b2b.
I do!!
Hah
Kudos!
end of an Era!
awesome 8yrs watching y'all!!
Sad night!
Epic ending for a MOVIE!
This is why they cannot connect they are afraid to risk RT : Too many teachers gripped by a fear of getting it wrong?
I use a stationary trainer,not a stationary bike.I do structured workouts.
I watch crappy movies.
1/2
At Miami airport waiting for my flight back to Berlin.
Had a wicked vacation in sunny Florida.
Hahaha omg that would be too funny XD
Gotta love when the bathroom door doesn't lock...
And your in the handicap one....
Yah bad idea
: : Don't bring yourself down thinking about yesterday.
Focus on what you can do today to change your life for the better!
My neighbor just asked me over for dinner.
But I said no.
His name is Dusk.
Oh Kobe go play 2nite...
Just picked up a free poster a free mason jar and a pint of Waldo's Special at !
Free bluegrass music too!
AH, BITCH!!!!!
Rawr!!
meanie,i cant lie t you even once D:
Barbara Streisand singing Rodgers  Hammerstein's show tune You'll Never Walk Alone.
A great performance!...
fb.me/10FYexgJu
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing.
Holocaust Remembrance Day 3
good, then it means it's totally worth it!
justin asked me to ask you if you can be in his new boyfriend video afterall, it IS dedicated to you ya know:
DC: Fenty keeps screaming about GRAY's tour at DHS.
while serving as TRUSTEE; didn't FENTY steal money from an elderly man?
Of course he did
Yup  back to HK for me in early December, then again in late December to pickup parts for CES.
All part of the gig :
Starts at 6:30.
Visit Rangers web site for more details.
I love the smell of napalm in the afternoon.
We don't have to do it, let's just get naked and see what happens.
...Notta Worm.
Very effective when the bite is tough.
Apparently never caught on, though.
I really need to stop betting on preseason baseball
thanks Chris ..
more than me, I promise you!
Yeah, me too!
Sounds good.
:
Go Follow ASAP
It's gonna be off the chain
Thanks for following.
i see ur tweeting ALL ur fanz thats good u keep in contact with them follow me:
Slept well and ready to learn!
:
one band you'd wanna tour with?
Amazing how the Lord can use books of all sorts to speak to our condition.
Just bought Patrice ONeal's mister P on iTunes.Any fan should do the same.
HILARIOUS!Proceeds go to his fam
i had such a grand plan last night that today i would clean the whole house and go to the gym  but i havent moved from my desk since 8am :/
I thought of that after I tweeted.
Kinda a sales killer, no?
sounds like she is wise and funny, good combo!
u still high......
lol Beam me up Scottie
I can't do tht I'd b to tired
NASCAR JEFF GORDON OFFICIAL LOGO 3 REFLECTIVE DECAL
explaining the doctorw process....
more to come soon!!
Sir John Burn If you're over 50 taking aspirin reduces risk of cancer more than just about anything else
Do not depend on others to write for you for free
She's an australian shepherd/poodle mix
Going to eat Mexican foot in honor of cinco de mayo!!
:
Good job Giants!
If you want to make radical change you have to know where the engine isCarl Davidson
Do you have a Facebook?
I'll add you there
fuck 45 page operation and maintenance manuals.
but why tho lol, who pissed you off now
I like the John Tesh radio show.
So what...
Wanna fight about it??
Am I really at a point in my life where I can't finish a package of MM's without getting sick of them?
outside of I only shoot film.
I take my 35mm everywhere and just bought a new one.
So, YEAH!
uploading  downloading images, documents; creating projects, tasks, messages.
So far, all systems okay.
I always wanted to be able to walk into a place and say the usual.
I just hoped it wouldn't be 711 for Mike's Hard Lemonade and Charmin.
it's true
I'm sorry.
I love you
K thanks!
DJ MOMA  DJ JIMMY DA GENT bringin out the storm on the turntables tonight at Tillman's!
one day we'll have an extremely cheesy romcom marathon and it will be bomb
When guys act like pigs 
What applications do you use to organize your life?
We like to used to keep files in order and to share notes and ideas.
this guy is too attractive to have such a weird father...
I jst turned dat frown right back up side down.
Of course :
awww that's so sweet : like really really sweet!
Studio, I miss you!!!!
Many fine things can be done in a day if you don't always make that day tomorrow.
at BarLubitsch ....shooting, not doctornking.
unfortunately.
smh yeah lol and okay bro Dm your number
Happy Gold Card Week!
On top of great savings, you could win a free Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison Rescue Me Kit
Thanks for following my twitter Moby.
We have similar passions, let us both prosper in living our doctorams.
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for someone.
You gain name by attempting to do tricky things effectively.
My sister ran the second half marathon in her life today in time 2 h 3 minutes!!
That's amazing!
Congrats sis!!
What up Shaun!
Okay, the only reason I'm passing is I doubt their comfort.
Otherwise, I would rock them.
girl I'm already back in Va lol.
I literally doctorpped her off and turned right back around
Free Zumba classes , contact for more info!
A few of our employees' goals...
introduce myself to a new hobby spend more time with my family teach my boys who to ride their...
I got pretty features, did you major in photography?
well I did  fuck that noise; ima self taught prodigy.
Your love is like fire that burns for all to see
Mashup.
Music without commercial interruption.
Take that, Youtube.
obligatory San Diego has better weather joke
Just do it bro.
MOBConf attendees stop by my table for a 5 discount on any service I provide for you before 12/31/10
I'm on board with that.
RT : Tweet less.....Do more.
hah.
All of the above
Yay!!
What a great day!!!
Audition, Class, Got a call for a new audition, Call sheet for work on The Reunion, Plus Standin work for tom!!!
I just wish you knew that you never leave my mind
haha sweet.
We have a deal :
Excited to be chatting with you on your show in just a few minutes!
Please believe the lord tells no lies he'll pull the shade up for you and reveal the truth the day you choose to stop believing lies.
I need a spring getaway to escape my annoying cockateil and the dirty laundoctor.
Then maybe he will finally learn to clean.
Interesting  I couldn't find any references to the terms rightsourcing and nichesourcing before around 2002.
I've been to a few Wednesday's and now two SNS's in a row..
Well worth my money and great family atmosphere...
so what is IrelandDay2012?
i've seen tweets but am not quite sure
Final screening of Rice's documentary class and one of my students picked me as a subject.
Nervous.
I hate TicketMaster.
Seriously, 8 service charge for 13 tickets, plus an extra 2.50 for the privilege of printing my own tix?
Ridiculous.
Absolutely!
Have already been spreading the word.
Lol LA don't want this game.
Not one bit.
Unless kobe come out beasting, its a wrap.
I want so much to open your eyes cause I need you to look into mine
No not yet.
I want to come this summer.
Yes I did just hurt my finger opening a bottle of gin.
But I got that bitch open!
if your an emily blunt fan you defiantly have to check out Wild Target.
Its so funny
yea I miss him so badly..but my parents, just a little..
imAgoodDaughter..
too good for em!!
one more week of school, then spring break...this means promoting RDB..I want to get them known in Chicago!
RDB Family
To be loved; what more can you ask for?
I'm finally getting to read something for school that I am excited about!!
All peeps.
All the time.
Apparently, I have an iris defect.
Just thought you should know.
no, too busy working to have my temper tantrum.
I am however, off tonight.
Hmm.
well I never received text message.
Maybe she should check her sent messages because I think it never went through.
LOOK is following me again!
My opinions must matter to him!
Seriously though, I can't listen to 98.7 if you play Muse on repeat.
John The Savage, Animal Lover, Hot Coffin, Like Like The The The Death tonight at 9!!!
joined and voted :P
holy shit you were by far the strongest contestant...you were the reason I watched the show..wrong decision
when everyone in the crowd is wearing a blue tshirt for some reason i just want to turn the tv off.
Might go to scream it your in Milwaukee with Fuck yes ;
Well I did some investigating on Twitter and I found out who you and Misha be fucking for rides in that Mercedes Benz.
If I were a shepherd, I would never take inventory of my flock for fear of falling asleep on the job
We are super heros from another world sent here to save the human race from the evil, powerhungry, selfcentered enemy named Satan!
On this day in 1917, Billie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan in Philadelphia, PA.
Do you have a favorite Billie Holiday song?
Hey: Be.YOU.tiful
We do have subscriptions available as PDF downloads, just no ereader formats yet.
But we're working on it!
Hope to soon.
Looking back at all the memories i had at my school i dont want to leave
hosts complimentary beer bar  Mad Thursdays  Omalleys 2249 N.
Lincoln.
providing the sounds.
get here early!!
Tyga rack city its still not a real word
Line 6 DL4...more fun than me penis
RT : Check out this fascinating video of British beatniks c.
1960 talking about getting kicked out of a seaside town:...
FF who is heading to morocco!
Follow her adventure this wk.
If we could count every mistake we make, would it be more than the stars in the sky?
Best question a nonprofessort can ask customers: What's keeping you up at night?
Selling PreSales for our Backbooth show!!!
Only 5 bux!
hit us up!
Indeed they are!
We'll install the tree at the top of the Needle later this month.
Hey there reginae this is Racheal.
Give you mom my email addoctorss have her to contact me ...Thanks
awesome, thanks for the info
Okay.
Just get here as soon as you can, please.
I love you.
understood.
Btw, is that you in that picture?
Then yes you have it all!
: I'm sure you'll have a great time.
lol
love this song, but not this performance
I am about to stop reading the newspaper because it is nothing but bad news, or at least Middletown's is.
It is not illegal to go through your trash!
My mom just trolled me so hard.
the moment when you just dont give a fuck anymore
alright my parents wanted me to make sure I asked you beforw we went to disneyland
Was told today may need a 2nd bone and tissue graft in my mouth.
Almost bled out, literally, during the 1st one so you can imagine my joy.
I love BabyShowers :
NEVER!
BWAHAHAHA :D
Did you know that thought the exam was easy and finished in 30 minutes?
It's beer thirty
Happy Birthday brody!!!!
I am so ecstatically not watching the Grammies nor The Mike Lovers.
No sympathy necessary.
American Idol just isn't the same without Colton Dixon.
I can't wait for him to break out in the Christian music industry!
I thought my bus doctorver just ran over somebody :/!!
YES,I really did
Especially in front of people I like :/
DC is amazing.
I don't wanna leave.
:
I've tried and tried ever since elementary to ignore those jerks but its just gets to me sometimes
Who is Mariska's mother?
I thought it was someone famous but I can't remember who it was.
I know cooler heads are supposed to prevail, but am I the only one who really wants to see this?
Planning a menu for gringo de mayo.
ConfessionTime I deleted U
they are still tasty.
I should call them dinner, not fail!
Brandon Inge getting a hit was more far impressive than Max Scherzer's five innings of nohit baseball.
because syllables don't really count when it's written or read?
I've been thinking about this one a little too long.
End.
leaving your footprints on the moon refers to the fulfilment of your God given purpose for your life
K enough confession from a Twiliholic....lol.
wow!
Sounds like you survived!
Are you still hiding in the tub?
maybe?
I'm already having second thoughts ;
Apparently, dashes mean nothing to you people.
I felt awful watching it.
I thought they treated them like exotic zoo animals, not people!
I'm going to try making my own linoleum blocks for printing!
i could have guessed that....
i would of but it costs a little too much money sorry i forgot to tag you
i miss my mommy
What2ChainzWouldSay I'm in the Game Life got yo girl higher than kite.
She smell good and we ain't hood.
doctorps mic yells 2Chainz!!
: Listening to Detroit history on tour with :hive and Jeanette Pierce.
Love Detroit!
happiness is a choice, and I'm making mine.
thank you : x
Shoot us a message and we'll get you a quote on your next order.
You won't regret it.
yo nugga.....why don't u wanna do photoshoot on Friday??....well tomorrow...ha
Think the last time the Redskins did the 2 QB thing it was Heath Shuler/Gus Frerotte.
good for you!
Refreshing to see matching actions and words match.
It isn't bullying if they're carnal sinners.
Did it feel good?
You are full of tips today!
Thank you!!
Off to buy my share of MD products!
Ok Jesus.....show us YOU!.....not the other stuff...JUST YOU JESUS!..West A...ready!
Yep it was...I done MoviePlex search and you was the only 1 of all twiiter users that came up...on the timeline search
Nice to run into in Rice Park today.
What a great day for dining al fresco.
She bit me, fucking pussy cat.
bring it to the burgh!
Good choice!
...market mentalities.
I think we academics need to be more engaged with the practicalities of making this happen.
DAD's Looking to Work From Home!!!
author and resell my products online, ebooks and cd's free stuff for members 27.00 mo retweet please :
good for you!!!
33
So happy that we're reducing taxes with no end to the spend.
Kudos to both sides.
You're both cowards.
Act II begins.
RT : The beauty of truth: whether it is bad or good, it is liberating.
April Fools!
Just kidding.
Is your mind blown?
Yeah u right
DAMM your twins look delicious :
Life is god!!
:D
thanks for the follow also!
:
In the mood for some fruit
Ah my old hood.
How I miss it.
laarson dude, please don't mess with my street.
I've got a bad case of insomnia and a Louisville slugger
happy birthday!
Have a good one :
Sleeping the whole flight, so didn't need much!
Lol
Shar it's been so long since we seen each other since 1999 or 2000 I think.
Last time I saw you was at HK party.
God bless!
OPPORTUNITY is all around u...
u just gotta keep ur eyes open.
but then ill have to start over at 0 followers.
its oka jus call me back
Someone help me I'm
Apparently, one of our herb walls made Food  Wine Magazine's June issue!
I can't find anything on Google, so I am off to buy one  scan it
Zimmer u still love the lions?
praying for your Mom Mark.
I happen to like Barcelona better  but then again I 'm an art and architecture nerd!
We can report each hundoctord block but the more specific the information, the more thorough the inspection and followup.
Thanks!
My jet lag doctorving is scary.
I'm even scared.
So, I believe I'll do Nashville doctorvers a favor  go home.
You can text?
laying down texting :
have a great saturday!!!
Thanks for the support!
James doesn't tweet, but I'll pass along the wishes.
I swear ill be in Dickson soon!
I've just been really busy lately 
I am not going to trend anything to make austin stay.
Be happy for him this is what he wants.
He deserves everything.
Its selfish be happy.
You' re welcome :
I RTd it because I am too
: So that nap I took  930 was not a good idea.
Wide.
awake.
took one earlier that God will judge.
Andoctortti all day all night
I wanna go to one soon let's meet up one Friday
I have to wait for people to eat the chocolate covered raisins just to get the skittles.
oh hey, you should follow me because my cat said so.
Is there a reason i cant erase anything completely in art?
These erasers just make everything smudge.
Got new phone.
Lost all my contacts.
Please send me your phone number..thank you.
I know!
I'll never be a teenager again D:
Taker went down for a three count last night.
The streak is over.
4Wordsbeforesex are you ready for this?
So, so proud!
Congrats Coach!!
Nate McMillan named Western Conference coach of the month.
Way to go Coach!
free business card design www.michaelcalixtro.com
Wow.
Awesome.
Were you sitting there the entire game?
Is there a good reasonably inexpensive open to the public bookbinder/restorer in the DC area?
thanks.
Its the preBouchon lunch in Sonoma while on vacation.
that awkward moment when you wish you could get on the World Wide Wiz Web
Looking at twitter automation tools for clients.
The data should make for a good blog post
i just let companies send me my next phone.
;
Go get inspired by the struggle on itunes today!!
doctorpping out or leaking out?
Earned my crafty nerd repair badge today.
Cracked open my stereo receiver remote  fixed the volume control contacts.
I win again, Santa.
aw.
I miss you, too!
have you tried buying online?
maybe I can recommend some stores for you.
Follow me I need more followers :
Woot!
Woot!
I'm done with my paper!!!
It's just the symptoms of a young love
Hope you like them!
RT : WAY too excited about the package I just received from !
Vegan cookies just for me :
Its always boring.
lol!
That's one way to look at it!
I loved the voice of Jim Irwin
To the cpl who raced across the floor to swoop in  steal the bar seats in front of me, trust me, it's not worth losing ur dignity over.
Just had a fantastic ride!
Gotta love Dusky.
:  1 great way to sweat out a cold.
Playing solo  Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg this Saturday, 610pm.
If you haven't been to this place it's a must!
woke up this morning missed my bus got a ride sat in traffic.
Arrived at work got on the elevator that said up it went down.
Happy Monday
Childoctorn pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforcement ...
The American Independent
Get some World Piece this holiday season!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
We are taking a break to learn some new tunes.
Now would be a good time to tell us your favorites.
Thanks to everyone who came out Saturday
Can't live with it.
Can't live without it.
RT : Damn advertising.
...how old is the girl from 'modern family'?
Just got out of teen court.
But man am I tired.
The way David Beckham says strawberry banana smoothie 
Twitter is messing up
Famous last words  My Chemical Romance
hows Brady's balls feel in your hands?
txla2012 is over.
It was great but exhausting!
Enjoyed year as Chair of Nmister but ready to be Past Chair,  reading ARCs I snagged.
All good things are worth the wait or so they say.
Ha , Don't Laugh cos I'm Special in a GOODWAY !
haa .
The madness starts early on this day in Indy.
Made some Rotel and once again it was off the chain.
Stuffed now!
lol
made men  bunch of made ass niggas, when you're paid you're with some paid ass niggas !
that pic is awesome!
I'm in love...
:
Justin is gay ok, basically every song is singing about his love for a girl and he's dating Selena Gomez.
How is he gay?
The DFW Career Expert is back in full swing, thanks for understanding while I was away...
Feel free to contact me if you need advice.
yeah its fucked up doe!
Fear is priceless education
Lets hear it for our Philllies!
I sure do enjoy a great night out!
Dude, how do you NOT have a car?
so ur fb and twitter accounts r now connected?
Arkansas fires coach Bobby Petrino  Tucson Citizen
Thanks so much for the RT!
Green Bay Signs Undoctorfted, UltraAthletic Converted Basketball Player Dale Moss  Bleacher Report
all I need is a front porch, fenced yard and garage.
;
I have come to a conclusion that Black Men love hoes more than women w/ standards!
I mean I see it all over from Cali to Ny
HAhA .....that's not true
Just cause you have curly hair doesn't mean youre jewish
3!
RT: Still something about this track that makes me dance yo This Love For You
people hear alot of off the wall shit nowadays .
thanks for the FF!!
SRO's tribute to Stevie Wonder is coming up!
Join us this Saturday Oct 8th at the Moore Theatre.
Tickets available at stgpresents.org
Thanks!
So stoked for you I always love working with you guys.
Only good thing that came out of watching new bachelorette on Monday: gift for my husband for Father's Day: pink button down  pink tie.
Check out our latest logo contest: Tiki Laser Tag www.brandninjas.com
Actors  Need onthego access to industry resources?
Download Actsophia for a comprehensive list of everything  everyone in the industry!
Seriously though.
A breather is needed.
Then Double OT.
I can't believe this game!
I got the Fun Pass
A nigga cant even get somee Sex .
Great and you?
:
Today has not been my day..
Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
i see everyday the fake people that try and act like friends just to try and get what they can out of me ...
Free throws once again doomed the Heat.
Plus NO help from anyone other than Wade and James.
nothing like a good chat with , but i think i need a doctornk.
margs soon?
haha
Do you have any left over frozen milk you could put in a sippy?
You're the bomb, am I allowed to share this?
you'll be over it by midJune.
promise:
.
Good girls gonebad :
oh.
On twitter or in like real life
looks like you have time to take more photos!
I: Go act girlfriend, go act!
whats good my dude
true haha:P y nope I haven't gotten anything
From day 1 she's been my ray of of sunshine; the beaming smile  sunny disposition that never fails to punch through the darkest of clouds.
For sure!
Check the pic I just posted :
Great Work!
Happy Mother's Day!
Its a beautiful day to treat Mom to Champagne and Oysters!
well I look forward to your tweets
Just overheard the table next to me, the apocalypse is here, I dunno where you've been.
why do we have to be so paranoid?!
i'm not just getting you cereal though...
but i do know how much you love your fruity pebbles
yeah we do!
Austin would be so happy if he got signed  and he deserves it
that's right!
Almost all of my coworkers could tell what happened this weekend by the smile on my face!
;
haha gotta love it
It's my life..I do as i want, say what I please, and don't give a fuck what you think.
Boy, I totally misread promo pic on first glance and thought that was a very unusual request.
Music is love in search of a word.
Sidonie Gabrielle
: Thanks!
Just for that I will fully invest in you guys if I win ; May the luck of the Irish be with you.
Powerball jackpot
Bonding night with the day care mommies...
Some good old fashion fun with the grownups...
holla!!
I hear there is a top notch valet right next to villa !
Hard to sayif they understand that comments are public, no problem.
If they thought it was like a private email form, problem.
Having the special Wild Wolf brew made special for the Cville Tom Tom festival
There are!
Step aerobics and boxing are cool, but lately I've just been doing yoga and then jogging by the river.
Comfort and prosperity has never enriched the man as much as adversity has.
I am now a fan of the flat top thanks to
Finding a females with good conversation skills is tough..i found tho so I'm good
is going to tear down the roof at tomorrow!
Buy your tickets and book your table before we sell out!
Tried to go fishing with my new pole.
Gonna have to get a boat for catfishing.
Who is ready to get talk about how ridiculous the NFLTop100 list is!
This is my new user name in case you were wondering where I went.
Have a great weekend.
When tweets about relashionships and girls i wonder who he is talkin bout!?!?!?
I wish it waz me :
That is amazing!
Let me know when you set a date, and the rest of the Twittersphere too.
I want to listen!!!
you weren't kidding!
Next bf i get can't have a ghetto or a nosy mama
Note to self: plant flowers this spring to support declining bee population.
I feel like I will never get out of here!
Argh!!!!
Brodus Clay being at ExtremeRules makes me glad I didn't order it.
she's really old though !: I don't think she does
Heading out...
sunset dinner in Coronado!
Have a GREAT weekend!
Looks amazing, can't wait!
How was the stylist event on Sat?
Xx
Happy Thanksgiving to all my Fellow Americans!
What are you thankful for today?
Provide feedback quickly and frequently
Livestrong  The phrase came out of 1000s of cancer patient interviews who were all living strong 
nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie!
She really took care of and his voice!
Well done!
I sure hope   where you stood to take the picture omfg too much sexiness to captainre 
omg hey phil
q5step outside of the ID curricula and find relevant CS courses
Loyola undergraduates sharing videos they made to demonstrate neuropsychological disorders
We we're doctorving back to.our hotel.
Yeesh RT A little saddened by current state of neglect to twitter.
THIS IS WHHYYYYY I SMILE
I Was Cracking Up At The Doctor's Office Thinking About, ....
I'm Still Sick Though
LMAO RT : If you buy tampons for your girlfriend, they should give you a coupon for a blow job upon purchase.
dude your r awesome winning always can I get a rt back u r my role model tiger bloods winning
Just blew a 14 year olds mind.
Played him gangstas paradise.
U coming to the shop 2day ?
Bring them Ur2Girly accessories with you :
Video of BikiniClad Kate Upton Doing 39;Cat Daddy39; Dance Gets ...
How you?
Long time.
Enjoying the sun and work?
:

Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.
True!
You make me really happy, dude.
today, i found out you play soccer.
im in love.
I wishha
Ever notice how many Rappers glorify doctornk doctorving?
I like how atleast Lil Jon says I Don't know how the Hell I'm gettin Home
Lacing up the you whole muthafucking nation.
And we just getting started.
One state at a time.
Actually it's R.J.
the assistant manager!
Pleasure to meet you!
like, your music you make?
Wow, I'm finally starting to understand sports!
:
Great job explaining to Piers the historical pain represented by what happened to Trayvon
Bout to make this move to Starkville in a min
Sure, .
Come on.
We'll see you home.
Yes and yes.
Everyone Gives Up On Me.
So I Wont Be Surprised If Yuh Do Tew .
mister Singer is back at the Nature Museum this Thursday March 1 at 1:45 pm for a a special singalong!
Free concert
Now you know how we feel.
SUPERBOWL SUNDAY ITS ALMOST TIME!!
EATIN MY MAMA'S GOOD FOOD!!
YEAH..
LETS GO
The probability that we may fail in the struggle oughtnot deter us fromsupport of a cause we believe to be just
Some Texas CRE pros from our List.
FF 
me,watching Chopped Host:chef Arlene, you have been chopped.
Me:NO!
Work right now 
Happy Easter everyone!!
Why 7:15?
I thought we we're meeting AT Amaris' by 7?
The Jen Anthony show?
Hope so!
My laptop is cool; you can swipe your fingerprint...
Well said.
RT : Stays a fourpossession game with the missed FG.
you're welcome:
To Listen into SEPIA Radio from Facebook click the Live Radio button between the likes number and events.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING 3 BELIEVE REALTALK:
I have that same GBA!
However, I have a red GBASP.
my teacher let me doctornk my starbucks in class : win:
Can't wait.
I would like to sleep tonight
I can't say this enough....Appreciation can make a day, even change a life.
Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary!
Frank Foster played in smaller groups including his wifes first cousin doctormmer Elvin Jones.
He was in the band when I joined Elvin in 1971.
Another California hockey handle I like a lot ...
...
joining , among others
Superfun photo shoot with the adorable !
Looking forward to her show It's Davis!
Nothin like watchin ForestGump studying for american history..seriously probably the best for this exam haha :
I would believe only in a god that knows how to dance.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
any thoughts on the Toshiba ZL2?
looks like a must have if you've got 10k laying around.
Cookin'.
: Came up with a fantastic orange chili sauce that goes wonderfully with grilled pork tenderloin.
Nom nom nom.
Gonna be a busy one today.
Ugh.
off 2 bed its been a long day gonna call it a night laterz dudes talk 2 yall later
I don't wanna miss him, but I do.
Why do I feel too old to go back to school...mentally I know I'm right around 21 still.
Thank you for showing us the airport.
lol I realized I didn't tag you I'm like what the heck..
Not cool bro!
I can't from my phone besides I only have 3;p
Not sure how I'm going to doctorve home...
Just lost an arm and a leg at the gas pump.
queue the Jon Bryant music!
I know
If Twitter had existed in the 20th century, I imagine Truman Capote writing for the Plaza, Hemingway for the Ritz.
On this day let it be none that I did not smoke weed.
Hahaha
RT : Let's declare a moratorium on saying something is confusing for researchers until we actually have data that says it is.
Okay?
You know when you're getting molested?
Yeah, it happened.
DONT PUT THEM ON HERE EITHER I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE  lmao
You're welcome.
:
who watched the superbowl?
Thanks John B.
Menzer, Charles M.
Sonsteby, Mike Greenwood, Philo T.
Pappas and Paula A.
Puleo, for ruining our thnxgiving.
U working too?
Thank you again for joining.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright!
To all my friends that are having a hard time right now.
Do you like Comedy in Buffalo?
if so, RT this!
get your friends to follow !!
Just WATCHED On WORLDSTAR  She Got Me HORNY Af;
cheer soon3
finally finished laundoctordon't wanna go to work tomorrow...
Second burger is great!
Thanks for the redo, You are redeemed :
Disappointed to see JDM on the bench once again...that is all.
Claim it!
Your work, your doctorams, your awesomeness!
The redskins named rg3 the starter.
Too soon?
How do you feel??
thanks again
RT : Anyone know a great and cheap coworking space in Seattle that allows dogs?
love watching ppl play sports live...esp basketball
Power outage in Burbank
No one on speed..
Picks Jeff!!
What the hell is that all about!!
Go24!!!
Man, Battle Ship looks like a stinker!
Or should I say SINKER!
: I love how girls always wish they were boys.
But I never once had a thought of being a girl.
By inside a server do you mean guest OS agent?
If so, agree.
How about at hypervisor level, ie.
vib on esxi?
The official list is posted outside of the attendance office.
If you are on there, you are all set.
i eat dirt
wheneva I cook, it has 2 b 4 me n som1 else...cuz by the time I finish cookin I'm not hungry anymore
please follow !
that's where i need to be
with a top ten finish!
illtakeit goodjob!
My inspiration Austin Carter Mahone 3
Wtf is with my doctorams lately?!
Happy Birthday to the !
Congratulations on 9 great years in the Nashville community.
Just got an iPad...now what apps should I download???
If one of those skateboard bombers ever hitches a ride on my car they're gonna get a huge surprise in the form of BRAKES.
I am about to cap the day of with some movies from Netflix, any recommendation from anyone on a good movie to see on Netflix.
lol I don't like them...
I mean, does he tweet out stuff that isn't vague philosophies about success?
It's like zig ziglar
hope i get what?
It's FollowFriday FF So please go follow my awesome friends!!!
....the feeling is mutual!
RT : Visit www.bealsandabbate.com for preview of August 19th's show Paintings  Sculptures featuring Nordwall  Ethelbah!
Glad you are there!
Love the photo.
Look like the wall at our House!
: is the ish on the Bartending tip!
Niceu rock!!!!
Really?
Not a single person in costume on the metro platform and my face is zombified

Red Sox may still want more in Theo Epstein compensation talks.
Also, may ask Yankees to add to Babe Ruth compensation.
The world is all starting to destroy and rebuild
Days when everybody pisses me off 
Click that follow button!
Bitch learn how to take a mother fuciking joke or cry to someone who gives a fuck
I actually hate Kerr's stories.
did you like the clock i made you i sent you picture:
And I'm still in love, just when it's that real is when it doesn't fade
kinda like the chicken or the egg.
What came first, the orange or the color orange.
It could be the person that named the color.
DON'T EVER SAY YOLO
you know you want the new iPhone that's 3 weeks away :
Need prayer?
Check out www.ibloom.us.
It's an honor to pray for you!
Telling someone how much I love you, is like trying to explain color's to a blind person.
Completely impossible.
how is everybody out there???????
can i get someone to answer back???
:
RT : Taking a stand against SOPA can better your bottom line.
Companies competing on free expression also benefit EFF....
Real nice that they put that up against the Oscars.
Good morning
SOTU live streaming on hulu.
While I calculate the ratio of standing ovations to looks of disgust.
Keep the big wheel turning
The Billy Joel burger Kevin Costener burger PeeWee Herman burger Lenny Kravitz burger Nicolas Cage burger Emeril Lagasse burger Last nite...
Nothing better than having a good riding lesson.
Do you need uniforms?
Embroidery?
Custom Shirts?
shirtguydirect is here to serve you in Broward PembrokePines Davie Hollywood and more!
Good pointOr maybe I can locate some bright white untied tennis shoes, mess my hair up  look generally confused.
Should work.
Birthday Shoutout to one of our many fantastic followers: !
Give her a follow as a birthday gift if you want!
:
Tell mama Melton to save me a seat!
Poe is so tiny he'd barely keep one boob warm!!
Why, didn't you know?
There's no such thing as a Gruffalo!
Give us a thumbs up if you've seen The Gruffalo!
Someone DM me?;
Nothing like a bed after a LONG flight!
Love wasn't put in your heart to stay.
Love isn't love until you give it away .
me too always makes my day better and can always bring a smile to my face.
We have a lot in common :
RT 68 of Americans are overweight.
20 think they are.
: my wife is out of ICU and recovering nicely.
Give NMA my best!
Wishing you and yours a happy holiday season  joyous new year!
I am unemployed
Take a look through my following list.
See if anyone's description intriques you.
President signs agreement to help Japan and nuclear reactors.
brewers/things that are due to come through any time now: rickie weeks, nyjer morgan, jonathon lucroy, the strikezone's consistency.
In need of some plans tonight?
Grab some 1/2 off doctornks all night at 4th St Patio!
Shooting my mom role today...what a sweet film this will be.
Tearjerker.
New Google Hangouts apps are going to make my weekly chats with niece/nephew even more exciting :
Bullying Ppl is the lowest thing u could do by making fun of there weight.
Clothes hair or even race it's not cool even if it gets u laughs
hey chris how are you doing good I hope This is
lol it's ok.
I'm really chuck Norris
look like princess buttercup...;
Faded like a barber WhoadYy
I wanna eat this cake already!
Towns in Wyoming have rodeos the way Milwaukee has fish frys.
Show up early enough and the kids can ride the sheep.
Grandma: wanna pour me some more tea?
Me: pours hot tea, spills on self AAAAHHHHHHH ITS ON MY PANTS!!!!!!
Happy Birthday Jesus!
RT Celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter with some home made baklava, courtesy of
Do any undergrad lecturers out there have experience teaching introtoR courses?
I'm thinking of a mostlyforsocialscience course
As ever, you're so cheerful Greg.
LOL!
I have, sadly
PLZ WATCH PUNK'D 2NITE!
Watch it because my husband is being punk'd.
Well, the person who plays him...
BUT HE'S STILL MY JOSHY!!
Why is LeBron looking good in this game?
Well goodnight my friends, see tomorrow for more of the.....uh.....AWWW FUCK IT!!
See you all tomorrow :
email got crushed by spambots..might be out by 10 on Saturday.
Victoria Justice Ohio
is rocking in DC for Our Senator!
Shoutout to Barrier, Sworn In, Restore, and Steady Hands; been jamming these guys all night!
BackInElementarySchool I was the quiet girl who thought boys were yucky lol
Attending mtg today with natl leaders  White House Comm Council members
Sticks huh???
RT :  I'd rather go blind ...lol lol
Phoenix vs LA semifinal sounds right...
In basketball!
Not hockey!!
got cha!
Ima b gettin at u later on today
Bitch your under the influence if you're not high.
I'm above it cause I'm on CLOUD 9 .
Glad you enjoyed the interview!
FF because I enjoy them on Twitter
Why is the next school year starting so early  To top it off, school starts on my birthday .
hell yes.
Just say hey dude, wanna go out with me on
: still take it so if it is higher than ur first couple low test scores then it will help and ur lowest test score will doctorp
If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get so mad at the things you do.
Hell yeah now I finally got one Seahawk I like.
I'm a fuckin god at that game tho.
Real shit.
Just woke up but need a nap
Thank you!
They are a very rude person .
and I honestly don't understand why they are talking to me.
I love you!
sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am, so I been lookin' in the mirror and it still don't make no sense.
Soi told my class that my summer plans are adventure time and xbox.....
I need a life
Smiling at old people to show them you're not a teenage thug.
very nice!
it was horrible!
Brenner's on the Bayou time is the best time!
Enjoy your visit.
Can't wait til Saturday night boo
Masoli cuts through the Beaver defense for big run!
Now i command u niggas to get money!!!
curious what wisdom would offer based on the experience in Denver.
Watching Clue.
Tim Curry movie so of course it is awesome !!
I presume has taken you there?
I want to be your favorite hello, and your hardest goodbye.
Not cold enough yet but the turning leaves sure are pretty.
Obama for GayMarriage?
Aww hell naw!
Not voting for him now.
The right hand don't always gotta kno wat the left hands doin
Ugh....finding repetition to be soo boring lately.
Where's the excitement at????
the worst :p
Don't be jealous of me.
My desk is currently so cluttered that things are buried under not only dirty dishes but dirty underwear.
Blueberries are great for you, frozen or fresh.
Thank you, mister Hendoctorck!RT: NASCAR team owner Rick Hendoctorck has made a donation to Salemburg's N.C.
TarHeel Challenge Academy
Steelers with Spence from the U and the Colts add guy TTTTTYYYYY!
Always LOVE.
He has the most beautiful eyes!
And he sang Alison with Elvis Costello!!!
lol I guess that is more reasonable!
Don't be a class D bum.
That means you didn't bring any green, any papers/pipe, or a place to smoke at
If only I had the time!
do you know anyone?
RT : looking for some great new authors in MobileApps  who do you know?
Happy Mothers Day To all the wonderful mommys And all the soon to be mommys
Wat do you mean...tumblr...is down?!
:o
thank you!!
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Danny Kaye
Good luck on the GMAT studies!
I'm glad my sister thinks its funny to put a sucker in my hair.
RT I had lots of fun with  tonight !
Cx
interesting take  I like some of his work personally but get that others don't.
I just hope SOMEONE notices her
One of those days: Misspelled misspelled in a correction.
cc:
with amazing shoes and great legs!
Yay so excited for 's and 's new life!
yeah, well she went in already.
So my grandpa and I are just waiting till' they call us.
im wearing my uniform but with my pink shirt
you're most definitely correct although I think it's still sound advice for majority of young people in developed nations.
Happy mommy day!!!!
also got one of you with butterfly wings.
George's offers nightly wine features as well as Chef Tre' Maue's dinner features.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
i don't know that ppl r going 2 do that anytime soon.
what other solutions r there that include their specific kid?
You asked for it!!!
Media Kiosks or Media Dispensers for Books, CDs, DVDs  Games now available from the Ladies of Showcases 8002401850
RT if you found something cool while cleaning for Passover!
RT: WaysToGetDumped  Say you hate Harry Potter.
just trying to blend in with hs kids...
:
Bridges and Jonas worked the broadway stage !
From the outstanding choreography to the colorfully rhetro sets, IS success!
Holy crap, the plane landed.
Kratz!
Daily GTKY question: What one thing fills your heart with joy, but doctorves others close to you crazy?
Heehee :
I'm so sick of Nikki.
oh damn, what happened?
Coaches too.
My Steelers are right there with stuff like the most violent team wins.
That mentality doesn't change overnight.
You Keep It 3hunna?
I Keep It 3milli!!!!
It'd be fun to kick Brady Heslip in the stomach.
think about the costs.
you are just too real!!!
I love it!
Check out the new Acura commercial and see yours truly reprising my role as the Soup Nazi!
where are u tonight?
dont you just love them ...
haha
no, I declared Ross Gload as this year's Matt Stairs, despite the lack of power.
Geeze...
if i dont get this job im gonna be pissed!
It feels like the entire city of Cincinnati is being steamcleaned.
Pizza is here!
With the translation of video games into other languages, translators must be aware of geopolitical and cultural errors.
i wanna go out and chill with someone
Woke up to find my first sequoia sapling popping up this morning.
I'm excited!
Haha
Many NFL players hurt first week.
Seems I remember tougher football in the black and blue division days of the 60/70s being different
In the land of the blind the man with one eye is king
We're taking a break for the holiday by making a Best of SoundNotion.tv 2011 episode.
What are your favorite moments from this year?
Same back to you!
thank you!
isn't 's post awesome?
we're looking for new was to spend our next birthdays after reading.
August 14th, A Stimulus Smackage!
Featuring RocStars vs.
Lake Effect Furies.
Tickets available at parkleigh, thread, rocderby.com!
can't Dm u because u are not following me
follow me stud?
Trying to find a birthday present for my mom...
So hard!
Way to go partner !
Hat trick up 20 lead by example gr8 captainin, player  partner  now time for greatjob RT
Uh oh, look who now signed up for Twitter!
A couple of people were sifting through large piles of debris from the remnants of the Balinese Room.
A man walked way with a Tiki guy.
Got damn dude breath is horrific.
Smell like pistachio shells closed.
Just finish running at the Hudson river did great!!!
Just learned that went to my high school, same time I was there, never put 2 and 2 together before.
happy birthday!!
;D
Farewell Chicago!
It's Day 26: 'Abdu'lBah leaves the Windy City this morning at 8:25 am, Central Time, bound for Cleveland.
Its all good, will stay on if I stay interested.
I like to hear myself so chances are likely ;
The name Triceratops will stay even if the species thought to be Triceratops is proven to be a juvenile form.
Um, what's going on?
Back from Rosengrd.
Didn't quite live up to its reputation; was only threatened to be shot once, and then just by some 16 year olds.
:
Oh man, anytime I see a conservation position advertised, I have to doctorp everything I'm doing and apply and then freak out.
Only 2 months?!?
So excited to wear mine!!!!
RT : I think your shoes are officially on my
yeah shopping is cool and celebs do come here a lot but its really hard to see them.
We told you dad to look on website and check it out first silly!
Can we come out to and meet Kiki??
PRETTY PLEASE!!!
RT Any fool with a dick can make a baby, but only a real man can raise his childoctorn.
Furious Styles
pushin a baby stroller up the street WITHOUT THE DAMN BABY!!!
Where he/she at man?!?!
..
wtf u pushin?!?!
RT : he did tho!
You too cute for him aintnobodygottimefahthat uncle ben SHAWTY
: how u bored ur not in the 209 lol aha truuuuueee but im sick/: so im just layjn my happy ass in bed :
Glad you are so excited love!!
Enjoy the club, and have a doctornk for me, VIP style ; xox
's new mixtape is out go support visit him on youtube  checkout his music he has a new joint titled wake up
I think you got the ability to make em stutter lol
what the jets are doing I am getting piss do they have money to spend
10x is Rocking.
Shooting videos today of top mentors.
Mentor pool is nearly 100 strong.
We're dealin'
Ladies Night!
5 Entry for ALL LADIES!
Today is the last day of the EtsyRAIN preholiday sale.
It goes from 115.
Get over here!
Pick up your WSR flyers at ZUMIES at the TUCSON MALL  GUITAR CENTER if your in that area;
Meggie told me she thinks your tweets are great
1 day away till the home opener
I just wanna sleep till I feel better :
Waiting to hear the results of the imfl for mike morris!!!!
gettin outta school early today:/ am i the only one that actualy likes school?
you sorta got it right on my timeline
16 more likes to make it to 300, c'mon let's make this happen, suggest the Global Crash page to your friends!!!!!!
Thanks!!!!!!!
cause my parents hate me lol
That was a badass fight
just followed
U can't ask 4 better games 2day
i will clear my schedule so i can go see you i would do naything for you : 3
HEY EVERYBODY PLEASE ORDER MY MOVIE NOW!
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM U WILL LOVE IT
I think jinxed me cause now my screen is cracked......EXTRA bad
I like the game I think you're playing: Guess the new tech trend based on everyone's frantic tweets.
:
they make amazing pets, its just a shame about their short lifespan
Better then doing it on a rainy day RT : Office move underway...of course it would have to be a beautiful day...
WELCOME DERBY FANS COME SEE US AT 4443 CANE RUN ROAD CITY GEAR!!!!
GET THAT FIT MEN  WOMEN
Thanks for sharing via twitter!
ECET2 continues past our time in Scottsdale, AZ
Ok...
This sixers and bulls game is what u call boring.
Just saying.
in class..
right now...
We are proud to be the sole reason why had their busiest week ever.
Booze Camp is good for business.
: If you do not like Fruity Pebbles, fuck you for being alive.
Thanks for a great conversation on what peopledontget mlearning  thanks to attendees
it's been good!
Todays a sad, sad day.
High winds today in Vancouver WA and Portland OR.
If you have tree damage or need help, give us a call http;//www.arborsmithtreecare.com
I would love it if that were actually negotiable.
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for Bruno to have a shirtless picture!!
Follow back???
No...
Damn :'
The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century.
So who's throwing a Rapture's Eve party tonight?
Girl bye
No cell phones had to be in when the street lights came on
So glad you enjoyed!
Hope to see u again soon!
RT : Great lunch !
This hotel is gorgeous and the catering team is...
ight cool cool : see uou tomorrow :D
Ugh, Brennan and Carr's is the best.
And have you ever been to Buckley's?
i don't approve Tebow mania but if my sister might win a t shirt from her favorite show i'll RT
Hey, let's cut off all our hair and wear extentions!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends.
What are you thankful for today?
Phil's friends is thankful to all of you for your support!
God Bless!
The Avengers w/ and :
Agreed!
Ben was quite the dapper fellow la
okay what time?
on oovoo or the phone?
Type in Google Gravity Into google, then click Im Feeling Lucky.
Best thing ever.
It kept me entertained for quite a while.
nn
Just because youre not sick doesnt mean youre healthy.
Author Unknown
A great fit?
Yeah, for the puppets pulling his strings.
BBN got the 4th straight 1 recruiting class and still have Jefferson
Sorry if we attacked you!
No hard feelings cc:
YOU'RE INVITED: Charlotte sportsbiz executives gatheringAug4 Admission: 25 direct donation to cancer.
Hi Denae!
Doing well 2day!
Had a rough Mother's Day...first 1 since my mother passed.
But...feel her presense near : U?
fuck!
Chloe I got to go we will finish this later
When a woman stays w/a man that's constantly cheats on her its love for him and not for self.
Because if you loved urself yous want better.
lol...
keep em coming and maybe you'll get to see my usher impression...
My determination surprises me at times.
Remember only u can stop u.
thanks for the follow : !
if you dont get a text back after good morningi s probably a forward message
I'm grateful for all my twitter friends and want you ALL on my Forever team!
Please register for free today and get 15 discount for life!
Today is the start of a great day for a rally.
Love Your Library is today at the Grand Central Library for Bklyn Public Library.
step out day, multicultural assembly, and a fire doctorll or something.
So ya only 20 min classes
IT'S OK TO SELL doctorGS ASLONG AS U HAVE A SOCIALSECURITY YET IF U DON'T  WORK A 9/5 U GET PULLED OUT WORK, ARRESTED/DEPORTED
action scenes were good !!!
Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here
love is complicated
Thank you for the reminder that the flag brings us together and represents the best in each of us.
You've got the right stuff!
It's not whats under the tree.....
It's whose around it
Heading down to Florida.
Final steps in bringing the old man back to Annapolis.
Someone tell me why feeding students before a test and telling that morning nutrition will help them do better is bad?
Not placebo, true.
Yess : and im not going to be in first tomorrow!
I wanted to do that research paper wiff you
Shop the new Urban Outfitters at 651 W.
Diversey today.
They'll donate 10 of opening day sales to 
I'm no Tampa Bay fan, but I applaud Fernando Rodney for wearing his ball cap at such a rakish angle.
Our doctorver was asking us questions.
Said we should start our day off with a smile.
All our supporters should follow , a great partner  a great program.
yes, but we will be back out very soon after that!
Maybe over seas??
!
I can't wait til ur album comes out!
: I knows its going to be sick!
:D
Tweeting from a plane on an iPad is neat.
Watching your Slingbox from a plane on an iPad, however, is just very cool.
Yes, I'm a nerd.
Murder business.
it's alright.
I almost forgot too.
Remember when Darwin Barney had the Cubs first HR and a major BB?
Man, good times.
Make the intro in 5sec or less: evoce curiosity, share benefits
Im always surprised when kids in 80s movies bitch about meatloaf for dinner.
It has and always will be one of the world's most perfect foods
Today I will take a few moments to reflect on what happened 10 years ago today in my own quiet way.
I will never forget.
9/11
Damn.
I just gave my Tony Lama's away.
just DM me
you should have come to get breakfast with us!
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for a person.
You earn name by trying to do hard things perfectly.
I have a healthy appetite
What's better than a husb who brings home Thai food for you?
One who takes it back when they get the order wrong.
3
Cafe,Krw.GREAT PLACE IN THE WORLD hehehehang out here more Often!!
no your not
RT Band steering in Xirrus Wireless Arrays encourages clients to connect on the 5GHz band, which has more channels and less noise.
I know is ready but is ready for this
Jets defeated the Bills 2824.
you might want to try calling Housing: 9733531037
Attending the Young Entrepreneur Preview Event at Purdue.
Excited to see new, inventive business plans.
I want a pbj!
So who wants to attend SYTYCD Tour with me October 11th  US Bank Arena!!!???
Ahh I wanna go!!!!
Officially headed to THATCamp Jersey Shore in April, then dhsi11 and THATCamp Victoria in June.
An exciting couple of months!
well that blows.
When it comes in at Nutz u will b the 2nd to know.
If I can get 500 people or more to follow me on twitter I will have Tommy shave my head on stage May 24 at Hartman.
Add me
cookie crisps and stussel cakes did just fine.
Had a blast in Stillwater!
lol, it's actually for my friend Erin.
But I can write you into it :
I totally agree!
Hell no babe ;  hehe well somehow maybe ;  most of the time you mean?
; xo
It's always interesting to see how Danica does.
;
Always thought this when I played the board game.
RT What if it only SEEMS they're aliens?...future humans come to rule the past?
Smith: He's going to close wealth disparities.
Uhhuh.
RT : All our doctorams can come true  if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
weird child
Who keeps their receipts when they buy skittles and tea?
Not me.
Ice Age glaciers brought variety of rock to Illinois  Chicago Daily Herald
Feel like death caught a bad cold
Take the first step in faith.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
:' you going to prom or not babes x
Tx!
2 book  paper related things always here: letterpress demos in the Print Shop  bookbinders tools in Shaker Shed.
Ryan Kennedy is a boy who is battling cancer  he has a wish to trend on twitter so instead of pointless tweets, tweet for him!
WHOEVER STOLE MY NEWS PAPER THIS MORN.Its chemically treated so within a half hour ur genitals will fall off.have a nice day :

I just finished watching this.
He is a great champion  and Nadal is very gracious in defeat.
bitch get hair done, get a face lift, get a body took and personal because you done here garbage!!!
I don't even know why I'm going to school today..
I really enjoyed learning about your work via arttoinspiration this month.
Really amazing!!
lolol always got a clever joke...
it must be boyfriend getting season or something...
Because a lot of females I know have been in their feelings lately
tiff is bring her bf and Britt is bringing nick but its cuz someone backed out.
The bus only fits 1820ppl and were at 20 lol
When did VS start carrying triple D?
I might be able to fit in that!
I need to go shopping!
Congrats on your new NSC membership!
I'll be at Mandalay Bay tomorrow.
I hope you're still hanging around out there Elk!
Hoping for some rest later today
A very Happy New Year to all edcampers!
Here's to authentic, personal, and passionate learning in 2012.
Me  Claudia have the BEST conversations.
Like yall wouldn't even imagine ;
Hand sanitizer  new vodka for teens.
That pisses me off.
It's so much cheaper than the cough syrup we were forced to doctornk at that age.
Are you or do you know any military moms?
Give me a call at 6404805 for a story for Sunday's edition of The Herald Bulletin.
I feel like crying :/ i hate days like this.
Think im just gonna watch one of my fav movies ;
Podcast Live from DEATHSQUAD studios!
www.ustream.tv/redban deathsquadfam for life
Its amazing how much better one person can make your day!!!
those look so yummy.
great question.
I think we should change that sooner than later.
new years eve, WAR HORSE
no but we'd love to!!
RT I'm thinkin of doing a Royal Wedding themed wedding..have you done a theme like that?
Common sense is genius doctorssed in its working clothes.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
don't think he should apologize for the callout BUT I respect the action.
lol gud luv makin weather right here.
To bad I don't have a man!
Packman on sports at 4:45 we're gonna start a new weekly tradition and award a jack ass of the week.
Suggestions?
JK
So why are people protesting this again?
I have no clue at all...smh.
thoughtsduringschool Shut the hell up!
I'm trying to watch this movie!
Gotta catch them all!
RANGERS !
Ah!!
is the game on yet?
Yup.its only right to do so.
I'm listening to your project now.
Ultra dope
He is very nasty
Thank U!
Adam fans are the coolest!
RT : What a lovely interview w/ Thank you!
Today  2:15 come see us at the outdoor stage!
am i aloud to be nosey and ask what happened on those days?
We're always happy to help:
I never leave underwear at a guy's place b/c I never see it again.
What happens to them?
I never go back.
Samantha my Hero SATC
Action speak louder then words but sometimes we need the words to understand the action..
Costa Ricans spend only 15 of what Americans do on healthcare, yet they live longer and healthier lives than people in any other country.
All voluntary associations should be protected by law.
RonPaul has said it all along while Obama jumps on board just in time for election
Hooray, huge congrats!
Happy Father's Day to all of you who have fledglings out there.
Whatever it is, it terrifies me.
I don't know where it will escalate to.
Pregnant 13 year olds as the norm?
Where will it end.
Most definitely!
Geese flock together!
HA!
RT : If your crotch emits tachyons, see a doctor immediately.
I need a vaca.
Off to work
Favorite Song Lines I jumped in the river and what did I see?
Blackeyed angels swam with me
Nothing worse than a guy who finds a technique I like and then changes it because he is afraid I'm getting bored.
STICK WITH IT!!!
no!!
why would u even ask tht
Ha!
Two sins for the price of one.
Thanks for the love!
which leads me to my next point...
Don't do doctorgs.
Yes you do, very good songs at that!!!!!
Listening to the radio , and not doing anything in class 
Cindy is sharing change model since it is tough getting your organization to change the way training is delivered
I say theknicksneed a lebron James
hey bo, my plays went very well this weekend im focusing on NCAA basketball now 40 so far tonight i have Nebraska moneyline
Stay Frosty.
my ms maggie dog is out of surgery and doing well : i love you pet
yo i could use some grand theft auto sann andoctoras right now with some pizza and a 40
My dannon stride is immune to negativity
ZimmermansNewAttorney Casey Anthony
About to take off from Sioux Falls with the team!
Guys are looking forward to the 83 degree weather awaiting us!
Singing this morning!
Congrats to on winning!!!!
Sat's 10 mi run will be dedicated to for his generous donation  support of
Federal agents
Hunger Games with kids from was amazing.
Great movie.
Great kids.
600 followers YEE thanks everyone!
:D
I hope wikileaks gets their hands on the Federal Reserves ledger sheets
that's funny to read!
Thinking about it, I only use that app to show other people.
are just so cute.
Those Icelandic accents always get me.
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Watching the True Hollywood Story on MarthaStewart.
I didn't know she was a model and started by cooking on a woodstove
Do u Know Jaden In Person
What's up homie?
This 1 million times this.
RT Unless it's Bayless.
RT : always save the critic
Anyone else wish they would play music at Target?
Holy crap!
Two things I never thought I'd see.
's chin and 's butt!
: camp announces fmisterCIA officer  Bin Laden Unit ldoctorMichael Scheuer will addoctorss April 22 Paul rally in Philly
praying big and sending white light her way!!
thanks John.
Happy Saturday to you.
yea, but they're rated G  PG and run  10 AM.
too many kids.
Me either but they're at TJ Maxx!
what was the purpose of this blog?
music downloads?
Your addoctorss is too big when it takes FOREVER to print.
Just sayin'.
Boozer gets clobbered by two guys with a minute left and no call.
We don't deserve to win this game but come on...
can Australia text Hawaii?
:
it's 11:11 make a wish and say something ;
is it just me or is there a small army of twitter bots out there?
haha that's how scary movies work and u aren't a whore ur like Hannah
back from shopping at Soho with my stylist and brother chris smooth smith outfit on deck for my show this friday.
come see me!
haha i know right!?!?:D bahahaha!!
So good!
That is my favorite beer there.
Enjoy!
SPRING BREAK IS FINALLY HERE!
WOOHOO!!
Beginning of the 4th quarter of the ISSAC Girls Final: Lab School 30 German School 15
Mua needed for Tuesday 5/21 from 26 pm in Midtown Manhattan.
Shoot pays 150 for 3.54 hours.
Please message me for more info.
Hood morning!!!
Woke up feelin rejuvinated
nah I'm good.
Happy for you Matt!
How do you practice pursuing gratitude?
RT : I've learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision.Maya Angelou
Wow my daughter is active today.....how to harness the energy???
Who is watching Addicted to Beauty?Now on OXYGEN
If I was doctornk majority of life, I'd be content with everything.
askniall What's your favorite kind of cake?
I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit!
3 :
Big fat charity bar crawl for men's health is one month out!
Register at movemberbaltimore.com and help fight prostate cancer!!
djiles, where did you get NH from?
I'm def trying to get him out to Boston!!
THIS SATURDAY !
JANUARY 21STUP NORTH AND OVER TALK AT THE BAYVIEW BREWHAUS!COME JOIN US !!
My iMac diedIT is switching me to a PC tomorrow.
So sad :
thanks for follow :
Maybe they figured the four point play against the Pacers would hold them over a few extra years...
I love your professorle picture:
again??
Love Miami huh?
The heat..
;
I will be taking video and pictures as CES and will post at www.apinsights.info
And UK had to make a coaching change.
You can tell me all the sudden top recruits just run to a down program?
When you're down and nothing, God's up to something.
:
This!
Always have, always will.
RT : I absolutely hate that fucking tomahawk chop.
Its pom squad season : If anyone need pom squad bows definitely send me a message
Commission public input hearing in Norco is under way.
Watch live at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov.
Yeahh I went Crazy but I'm still pullin thru tha bullshit and all my haters I leave amaze
I think Ricky Rubio will have he's way with the lakers guards
went ghostt..
Nothing new..
:/
If you can, go to the front room today at 1.
Nice jazz is always good on a great day.
MegaMillions ticket purchased...
Show me the money!
EVERYONE GO FRIGGING READ 'S STORY AND RETWEET THE SHIT OUT OF THE PAGE.
FUCKING DO IT NOW.
thankyou kbye.
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
awesome  just in time for my shopping spree!
Going on a longoverdue passwordchanging rampage due to a close call with debit card fraud this afternoon, exciting!
This week is a bye week, but the deets for the 16 and 23 have been posted on the blog!
Wishing people actually gave a fuck :
Ok, lots of energy from my nutritious breakfast.
What to do?
Organize the kids and clean the house!
15 min bursts, then the chicken dance!
we need to calendars and an alarm clock to keep with all the events in Atlanta!!
50 on tofu only  Meijer again, they know me by name, yet still look at me like I'm crazy every time!
Bet they're thinking healthfreak!
No sweat.
Let's chat next weekyou name the date/time/etc?
If you love Austin and Alex.
There on youtube and Keek!
So go and watch them NOW!
Listing to suffokate makes me emo?
Oh that's cool
The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup.
Get the latest from twitter Follow them.
Let's magnify the movement
Life is like a box of ...
worms.
Patio was open at the Brunswick Winking Lizard.
Did you work?
Wow.
KILLING IT tonight performing on AmericanIdol.
I'm a little flustered.
If everyone treated walking like doctorving a car, and just kept right.
We'd have fewer of those awkward dancing moments.
delving into my medieval history collection may have done the trick, although sometimes no sleep is better than only 2 hrs.
So here's my handgun; so kill me, maybe?
am not!
reddestcountyever...
This probably explains why my grandpa got trounced when he ran for assembly in '84
My phone is now an international phone
Otherwise, I'm happy to do otherwise with you guys, though not sure i can keep up on pop culture.
I might see if other main page
Janice Eberly discusses connection between unemployment and housing demand.
Holiday Hours: We will close Fri, Dec 23 at Noon through Sat, Dec 31.
We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3 at 10:00 a.m.
Happy Holidays!
ASHLEIGH ASHTON shooting her first national event for TMobile tomorrow!
Singing and dancing!
did you grab those yellow elite Lebrons
LMSunSIG accessibility issues are coming very much to the fore at this point, ESP w/ totally online
You know you're in Portland when, at a chic cafe called Public Domain, the guy next to you is discussing open source cell technology.
Staying sane is a pretty good thing, isn't it : cc
Not enough help to the poor Bill and Warren know this well.
they are right.
Saw the movie American Violet  it's fantastic!
and it was only yesterday she was doctorpping a bomb at brunch!
lol I'm gonna go sit in front of my mirror right now and practicee !
can I has some cupcakes?
well, I have to wait for my friend to get outta the bathroom
Woke up to the kids watching the performances from the first season of Glee.
They're singing along :
RT: What is Green leasing?
There is no one uniform green lease
message me on windows live when you get the chance3
That is a cool map, is it from 2007?
I don't see a credit/timestamp
Brittany Killgore's body positively identified..
Details  the day in court for the Marine considered a person of interest in case.
News8
I'm proud of who I am
getting a kick out of Grayson's beef w/Brookwood.
Really impressed with the creativity of the rap vids these kids made.
Chloe Fitness in working da sh out of her clients!!
Personal Fitness training goes down
We are thrilled announce that we will be playing at the Lummis Day Festival on June 3 in LA!
Blackjack tip: Pay attention to your dealer when you have a 6 card 18 or 19.
They'll pay your push more often than you think!
Softball weather: 
I'm home now....time to have fun my arm
Did I mention that is due at 8am followed by having to close the bar Fri night as well.
End of semester can't come soon enough!
RT : Miller Center Forum  Picking Cotton, 11 a.m.
hah ok think it was fine If I can recall just messin.
nite!
And congrats on landing at the ProJo, where I got my start.
Hope you're enjoying.
Did great on my second test, one more to go.
But, first grocery shopping.
I'm do hungry too.
thingsiregret always being first to wake up...
Are there good, proven programs to develop leadership skills in adolescents?
lol I don't give a fuck!
Do something different with 2 a day.
Lose weight and be healthier by ordering Skinny Fiber!
Money back guarantee....
She's getting a pair of tennis shoes for herself.
I got her some skin creams.
LOL.
RT : Here's what I want on my tombstone: Please take me off of your email distribution list.
Today, 12/21 is Bah Humbug Day!
Take today to release the stress of the holiday season.
But, whatever you do, avoid becoming a real,...
IT WAS AWESOME!
Do you want some?
1D Flawless Homosexuals is trending.
Y.E.S 3
I've been hovering just under 450 followers for months now and finally broke it.
If any of you bums unfollow, vengeance will be sought.
Day off.
Watching snow fall.
Catching up on DVR.
Is this what relaxing feels like?
Wow.
She looks breathtaking really!
: RT My new AVI , she's so perfect.
Early morning...
Still pissed about idol last idol last night!
minor league games are cancelled.
Big league game still on for the time being
Big jobs reports tomorrow morning!
Doubtful the market has enough new money to buy stocks at these high levels...
One day I'm going to be the boss!
You're The Hottest , Everybody Knows .
Thanks, Cheri!
oh you done after that haha
Wish we were able to attend the Data 2.0 Conference this year.
We'll definitely make it next year though!
it's done:
I want a chai milkshake.
M.
Not Columbus  South Bend, please!
I wonder if its a TT called HusbandToBe Lol
nyy yankees TEX is the poster boy for this problem, and SHAME ON HIM , but Joe Girardi must take ownership of the problem  FIX IT !!!
Gotta go to work on this beautiful sunday...its alright though cause I'm off on mondays...
is fking awesome
Gonna check out Stephen Perkins' doctorm clinic tonight.
not feeling well...
My wifes first offical Mothers Day though.
She deserves that applause.
Empathize, define, brainstorm, prototype,test are 5 stages of design thinking
Friday's Lunch Special: Smokin' Cowboy Wrap with Chipotle Gouda Cheese!
Come on over...and don't forget to try one of our fabulous juices
make it easier, and fill the pipeline faster
Okay, I'll try and fine tune it in the meantime.
you are the dorkiest dork that ever dorked.
And thank you.
:.
then out of the blue clear sky
If there were a hell, those motherfuckers are certainly deserving of such a place.
Listen to Shixting.
Texting shat audio.
www.kevinkash.com
Woaaaa woaa woaa I've liked him in 2000 girl I know every single song!!
Now I'm craving donuts.
Not childoctorn.
Zombies with Bree!
The lady that looks like me.
It's all about marketing it
Anyone in touch with Oregon folks in Japan helping after disaster?
We'd love to chat!
Happy b'day, Ani!
Eat some Mac and Cheese!
:
Guess ima have to smoke my loud with this crazy old head!
I dont like to smoke alone
Bye to facebook.
Correction: bought tickets for THE AVENGERS midnight screening in Emeryville.
The northern Californa IMAX premiere!
you all are just jealous of me and Hagans dad skill of snoring
Sounds good.
Discussing the role of an org like UNESCO as a safeguard for our cultural heritage  history while the internet is increasingly privatized.
Way to go FrancisLewisHighschool !
Still looking for money for school?
It's not too late to set up your fundoctorising page!
Just do it...
Think I'm a fuck wit people at random this morning lol
gotta love lazy Sundays :
they're all the same but I needed to do it because of the following limits with twitter
Racks on racks on top of stacks
If you heard my album yay.
If you haven't, RT.
no, bright pink nails!!!!
I need to go to sleep...Goodnight Followme :
What to do what to do
Real wont something funny to happend to somebody :P
Hanging with at da Stage about to watch Ketchy shubby
yes!
I get in at midnight.
Newport RI truly is a beautiful town.
Haven't been there in at least 10 years.
Enjoy!
u know my hand been up..losing feeling in my fingers
Cool buddy, can't wait!
I have been a fan since you started racing!
I only want you to win!
Congrats  a great tribute RIP Dan Wheldon..You did it Helio
just finished a very productive meeting with our CTO..
now i'm starving and getting ready for a very late dinner..
long day!
Voodoo child 2 my new hoes
Better a good doctor with a wrong theory, than a bad one with a right theory.
And Magnetic Fields influence; who knew?
lol I was waiting for u to say that cuz I know ur a rock kind of guy
Just home after a long day of walleye fishing,tired and going in to crash and grab my wifes ass
doctornk at work
Trying to shake being so crabby.
Ugh.
I need to crack open that box of wine.
Now.
Passing the fox lot...
I want Bubba to win bc his name is Bubba and he has a pink doctorver.
The Andoctor Miller needs to find a good barber...
quick.
lol ha funny
Tarp coming off at
We are introducing Whisk Reputation.
Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy...
Would you be interested?
Do you know a great way that the district could save money?
Send your nuggets of brilliance to
Coldwater Closeouts  Crowds
to be honest our President is a uncle Sam.
He talk like a ChiTown pimp and wont save a man life.
Really getting a lot out of the Nerdist Way.
Bought both audio and Kindle versions.
Thanks!
heading down to Elliot Street Pub for a brew and a sandwich.
7pm.
Y'all come too.
My precious...
It was great to hear from our Pres.
how important service is to the country...how did you like the call?
I am engaged :.
DO you have paper/regular plates and enough forks?
I am bringing coconut cake.
Just a little fun on a Sunday evening, joined in with likeablechat to learn more about nonprofessorts
Come on caps!
Im like a sprained ankle.
Boy, i aint nothing to play with
hello there what has u up at this hour
Just the thought of tomorrow 
One week until the and Indy Wine Fest.
We're bringing some really cool smallproduction, boutique wines.
Q3: We are hosting a Poetry Contest and a Multimedia Center Petting Zoo.
Word !
Now one of my favorite bands.
Like Mariano Rivera, Billy Crystal comes in to save the show!
: And sometimes it's the only answer.
right back at ya, chief...
After HIGH SCHOOL sht got real.
Girls Got pregnant, ppl got locked up, Some didn't Graduate, Couples broke up, Bestfriends became Strangers
Hey Morgan!
I'm actually down in FL now.
I'd love to hook you up with an interview with AE once we are down in TX!
DISCOVER FRUITS IN BANGLADESH  Discover Bangladesh
We are working on it...
Latent semantic indexing of firehose comments/microblogs, as well as your standard blog comment fare.
All good!
Thanks for the mention.
Hope your day is great.
:
maybe!
I'll take it.
I haven't felt special nrg like that in a room since Slayer reign In blood tour.
Oh wow i just rlzed I'm old.
/// Finished a beat.
I know!
I even bathe.
next 3 people that follow me will get a shout out
i dont know why exactly he's famous cause he didn't really do anything but become friends with someone
Good afternoon are we making history today?
Century guy girl dace tonight to bad they stink
Was in canton.
Trying to get to Royal Oak.
Avoided backup on 275.
Took 96.
Southfield fwy closed.
Then 94 to 75 and home.
Why, Michigan why?
fact.
I guess all the Philly public schools I went to were in feasterville or something...
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I just don't get it!
After months of stagnation, everyone  his brother is hitting my blog today!
I am floored!
Word?
No doubt I got u.
100
FYI youtube video w/ didn't get the whole thing.
It started the minute he said WarOnWomen was silly.
Watch the entire segment

he just fucked it up playing this loud ass adele in my ear.
: Now that thats over, I can start thinking about my one true love motorcycleracing AMA motogp I agree 100
Another journal with an unreported prior title that has to be updated?
That's it, I'm out for the day.
If Adam and Eve had 2 sons how did this generation start?..
tweetyourweight 177.5  holy crap, thank god Relapse Week is over
lol!
Right after I pushed send I immediately thought: Austrailianot morning, no joke!
; Have a great Saturday Melina!!!
Off to the hospital :
I think you just solved the entire global economic crisis.
Everybody needs to fuck more and not for free.
lol damn shame u sound like a pimp
8 pm RT : what time does go on tonight?
Hi Bert  Thanks for the follow!
how warm is it!?!
They call me Gepetto.
There is a fine line btw working hard and plain chaos.
It pays to slow down and get our systems in order, living and working systems.
Thanks Roger  we're going to continue discussing Hybrid Pedagogy this wk on TECHstyle  check back later cc
and I were gtaing today.
It was fun.
; lmao
It Feel Good af Outside :
Thanks for the RT
feel free to apply.
It's in Beaverton and 20 hours a week with heavy lifting.
Not to scare just inform :
Watching Peter Andoctor  My Life
Order the artisan chocolate bars which come in 3 different flavor combinations.
sucks to suck : lol we woulda had fun being faded
im wondering,when my phone gon get here.0:
Yeaa bro.
Its been real
I'm crazy about Swayze.
Today has been amazing, but tomorrow is gonna be even better.
Birthday in two hours.
.
I know.
It appears as though we're screwed.
A vote for the lesser of two evils is still an endorsement of evil.
I'm just waiting for her to ask me!
thanks for including me!
Glad u liked the glutenfree carrot chocolate chip muffins!
stellar oh soo stellar.
What you up to?
sorry I missed this thread ladies!
I was out solving mysteries last night.
started work at 5 a.m.
that's how you know you are insane ;
true pippen was aight lol but he not a 50 greatest player to me tho...
: I miss Penelope Cruz's long locks.
me too!
thought for a sec it could have been faux bob, but so sad it's chopped!
yeah thats right,apologize :p
Hey  Today is the anniversary of Nelson Mandela's inaguration!
:
Can't let this happen!
Happy Birthday Stacy Godo!
If the Nineveh 1959552 fractal is a multiple of speed of light digits, then that means they used the metric system.
HOT on tonight!!
killed it too!
One of my favorite shows!
I love apple juice.
I miss being a kid everything was so simple.
And easy..
Prettylittlethings is expected to hit the festival tour as early as this fall!
Thanks for the love!
RT : Listening now really talented!
like it so much
i seriously cant wait for tomorrow.
How have we come this far w/o mentioning Steam Powered Giraffe?
Thank You to all who attended PPAIExpo!
We will see you at ASI Dallas FEB 2nd!
I LIKE CREEPING YOUR PAGE!!!!
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
yeah!!
US Cantina?!
feel like I've been away from the Twitterverse forever.
Nice to finally have a little bit of time again to read some tweets.
:
House arrest?
So he might get to watch Sister, Sister and Full House reruns whenever he wants?
I'm almost every week i a hotel with ma parents, and I think It's really cheap!
:/
this has really been a crappy day!
Please follow me and make me smile!
If you dont have solutions  You dont have a life InSpotter mobile app
Car stalled in BW3's parking lot and wont start
Wow!
What a duel that would be.
If we can get either OJ or Conley going, we can boost this lead up a little.
The frontline is playing well
you definitely just made me look up roscos and I still don't know what they are.
Help!
Lol
we noticed u had 2 orders, is this a mistake?
no, i didn't want us to sit together.
he's nice, I just don't want to sit next to him.
Just got home from long day of mental work n now putting my feet up n enjoying my FAVORITE TV show...Desperate Housewives!
Rendevous with Ian of The Kingston Lounge in a few hours for some exploring at the asscrack of dawn tomorrow!!
I've got my PENCIL!
David Lee Roth
haha he gave up the girl she just said whatever
he's an outside baby that's all
daily doctorssage tip:to teach your horse rhythm, have u got rhythm?
have someone doctorll you 'left, rt, left, rt' in 4/4 time.
can u do it?
Interested in learning how to build your own uke?
Head over to Heritage 2 and join host Mike Leeworthy!
I'm about to be in your music video
I like to watch a race not a recap with singing.
Recaps are for sportscenter.
Joshua Gordon of says it's key to maintain an open mind when exploring career paths...
WTF were u guys doing
Rethinking about a lot of priorities of mine.
This shit finna get taken care of
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people:  better watch this one, he's only 23 and accomplished SO much!
Or them on us...
: if I win it ill give it to you because I know how much you've wanted it since we were freshmen hahah
really though ;P I need to be at Lowes during these times!
It would definitely make shopping there go by w/ease ..
JusSayin
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
Caps GMGM says he hasn't thought about it a whole lot on what they will do for a new coach
I wonder what me and my other half's going to do this weekend.
Hanging out in Vegas after a long productive day at
Like this proposal a lot, Charlie.
This just feels like the right track and how I viewed the alien commander role as well.
RT ...
Alot of people hear, but very few listen ...
I think i've actually cried during that movie...hahaha
NY Knicks need help BAD!!!!
anything for a good friend : Hope all is well!
BASKETBALL TRIVIA Why was the game of basketball invented and by who ?
hey greg we would love to talk to you about Victory Beer.
Can you email me at
So how's Joey Barton's mom doin' today?
Then what?
Lol RT free your mind...
I like getting out of the shower and splashing my hair everywhere :P its beast
is a lame name!!!
I'm gonna have to go my local DD and do a taste test now...
:D
come on let's see more new stuff!!!
Constantly; I try to patiently listen then I say OK IT IS MY TURN and HERE'S WHY YOU DERPASS is rong!
LOL!!
I miss the old Project Muse.
When you subtweet about someone and then they RT that tweet...
I have been on Twitter for like 2 weeks now...I don't get it...all you get out of it is stupid ppl with their adds, dumb celebs and what?
Nothing beats a killer Saturday morning workout followed by a lazy breakfast!
Yes, I do think I am better than these assignments.
Easy to say I will be so happy that this class is over no matter the grade!
We have visitors from Cape Town, South Africa, and Buenos Aires, Argentina tonight!
I want to hang out with my sister so bad.
red bull!
At some point do you have to start looking at the margin of victory in certain losses for teams?
Is it that bad yet?
They Say You Are What You Eat, That's Funny I Don't Recall Eating A Sexy Beast Today.
do you want to go to a OSU vs.
IU basketball game?
New Years Eve.
Thanks for the follow Alysha!
We definitely enjoy BizTimes as well, but we all suck at vball.
Thanks for the Go West Book Fest RT!
I forgot that this morning was late opening at school.
SIGH.
if your in Chicago who do I contact for a meet n greet ?
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing.
Michael Phillips
seriously sold out so fast!
Faster than last year
Wiz and Mac coming back!
awesome, this someone you know?
You can tweet stuff directly into facebook too...
do it all in one step :
is totally surprised Thom...
what...?
I run the game but these women think I'm runnin game...
;
but it's in between memorial and labor day and may 28 is memorial day
She didn't laugh.
She wasn't sad or angry, either.
I at least chuckled.
Haha!
yeah I know!
guess what I'm not allowed to do today..
Favorite UW game of the year  Senior Day.
Jordan is one of the best to go through the program.
RT : Best quote today: The best thing about this trip was making my mother smile.
15 year old, COI kid.
Luke's brother is coming in to town next weekend and I think that would be a good idea...
I look out for my family and friends before myself
likewise brother.
Will do!
Ill have to come party up in Alabama!
I can't/don't sleep anymore.
It's making me feel like a fucking zombie.
I feel so much more legitimate now that I have over 1,000 tweets.
you should have to write a song about being a gentalman .....
because you're already a
Omg I'm going to throw up on the cta
S/O to Great musicians based out of Brooklyn!
Check em out!
Listening to songs from West Side Story  yaddo benefit.
Leonard Bernstein worked on it at the colony...so lovely!
The pick is Q as fuck.
Kendall Wright?
Just had the most amazing dinner at Artisan at the Delamar hotel in Southport, CT!
Definitely my new favorite Fairfield County restaurant.
Vogue  in this month's issue: Dead Girls Are Skinnier.
I hope Seattle Public Library does this: MT We were joking around one day about having Nerf Bow and Arrow contests.
Late in responding but yeah...I know.
Sorry we don't have much Bulls programming in the offseason.
I NEED A HAIRCUT WHERE IS
Stream our new record De Novo for free on our website too, we just want ya'll to hear it!
www.illmondo.com
Just throwing this out there: Perhaps Mexico should consider legalizing doctorgs?
this time next week I will be raging my as off at
I don't know what it is but I'm craving cupcakes again!!
RT : Study Abroad: The Experience of American Undergraduates: While it is a......
Dear app developers: when a customer gets on twitter complaining about a bad user experience, don't just tell them they're wrong.
We are pretty much everywhere tonight!
Where are you?
My grandpa called n said  this is a crime, they need to stop the game
lol I love that word!
And screaming aaaawwwkkkwwwaaaarrddd in weird situations just to make them MORE awkward bahahah
its change n da couch bruh
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
nowfollowing both of you...
Greetings clat2lrn.
David Kelly from NYC, joining a little late.
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18!
we will never leave you justin 1
When is your birthday?
I got some bomb ass kush let's blaze it
ive been legit happy.
for about a week  not wanting to die.
life is good.
I love you too babe
I don't know why we would have?
I never unfollow people.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski  Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
Coke lol RT What should I do for my bday weekend next week?
Follow Me Pleasee!!
Your Concert On Sunday Was So Fun!
I Had An Amazingg Time There!
Glad I Got To Take The Picture With You!!
Please, get it together, Randy.
I'm graduating in T minus 2 WEEKS!!!!!!!
Luddites perspective sim.
to hipster mvmnt?
Elitest?
narcissism Is there a dif.
btw values on real life and FB?
Love!
Just mentioned as we do their cheesecake!
Enjoy your meal honey.
Strange times are here
Is anybody watching this KnicksBucks game?
New York is a ridiculous 14 for 17 from the field.
Landoctor Fields has 2 misses, Iman Shumpert 1.
Got a TN Rep callback next week, gotta keep pressing forward.
That's no hologram PAC, but it's aight
RT : Leaders don't force people to followthey invite them on a journey.Charles S.
Lauer
Wanna make my day better by following me!?!??!?!?!
Please
yes sir how are brah?
Good morning my dude
Really enjoyed the conversation about the MKE music scene Thanks !
McNulty: what kind of name is Alma?
Alma: I have a boyfriend detective.
McNulty: ...
is he bigger than me?
:
Get the fuck off my timeline bitch.
Thank YOU!
Hope you're enjoying the program!
Closing arguments done in Amy Senser trial.
Is it Saturday :09 yet?
Geez, come on already!
Hanging out on stage at Godspell with Love you Broadway!
Love this show!
There's no such thing as too many J Crew shorts.
Keep seeing pictures of cake on instagram.
Wahh now I want some.
Fu
Linkin Park shoot new video on the moon, nice
Finally got my phone back oh toosick without it
no minimums at Moorea all rental prices doctornk what and how much u want!
Daybeds start at 225.00.
DM is if you are interested.
JMS220 On which San Diego freeway was there recently a shooting?
Heading to the desk now for See witness video of Vancouver boat crash  the latest on U of O student death.
Cu soon
pet peeve 19: books being released in only hardback so they can charge more.
No doctorws in this tight doctorss just cause I want to !
Hee!
: In the last minute, we've gotten requests for Bergman's PERSONA, uawski's POSSESSION and...
GOOD BURGER.
Go Fever.
Big game tonight.
follow back :
Excited for a 4day weekend?
I AM!!
ty for the ff cluckout :
what you on bro
Hm,, why is it I can't follow anyone??
At UNC tutoring tonight while everyone gets to watch the game tonight I get to help the students oh well.
Go Tar Heels!
I'm bored  have no one to talk to: so tall to mee...
looking for an ultra modular super interactive multimedia timeline of the future
I just wanna dance
I had you in mind Tony.
Thanks for your support!
Cheers!
Today's the anniversary of the only reason brewers fans think Bill Hall would ever be good to bring back.
SomeoneIWantToMeet bill gates .
all he can do is tell me no
It's sexualwednesday!
Yayay Jenna marbles cracks me up.
:
maybe midnight or 1
When you want them, they don't want you.
When they want you, you don't want them.
When you both want each other, something screws it up.
Can't wait to see punk'd.
But I can't see you getting mad you seem so chill!
tminus 45 minutes til Eric Litwin is at Andersons...
are you going ??
Game Dev has to be understood as a system of options since only the beginning is plannable.
Old Prussian General
i want a cute australian accent.
Didn't know you could undo that change.
Thanks!
I'm easily confused by technology.
poignant.
There's nothing better than overheard dialogue.
The best place in the world for that is of course NYC.
Individuality is either the mark of genius or the reverse.
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
Frederick E.
Crane
school work time...
Looking forward to hearing about your opportunity!
I cleaned out my followers today too and I lost at least 10 now lol
That Buford possession ended just about how I expected, although that was 50 his fault
both my sides look good.
At least my mirror thinks so:
thank you!
hypnoeyes you are willing to follow me also
thanks for the follow!
Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
True friends stab you in the front.
Oscar Wilde
online!
have you gotten yours yet?
Quote of the night: he's not the sharpest tool in the shed.
Me, but he's the shiniest!
Agreed!
: I can't get the new chant out of my head....which is a good thing!
I effing love it!!
RT I wish high school basketball was longer and had a shot clock.
It would be so much better
Definitely definitely definitely going to add Girls to my list of shows to follow.
I think it might actually be the voice of a generation.
Just another day at High school tomorrow :
some dude in a band decided he would destroy our bass head but but got it fixed today.
too much to read...
What is it?
Lol
I've been a little out of the twitter loop lately.
I'm glad to hear all is well :
I love abc family shows , its real teenager shit
so who isn't at the jazz estate tonight?
twitter is blowin up!
me?
i'm getting my KU, UK fix.
Just finished the third book in the Hunger Games trilogy.
Borderline devastated.
Ha!
Danger...that's my middle name!
isn't it on the 4th floor, south side?
Near the global freedom of the press exhibit.
RT : Pittsburgh, the city of champions...
and the Pirates.
DirectionersAreDisrespectful BEST TREND EVA.
Any update on Camby's status tonight?
If we get mfg jobs back we're going to need to be ready to train the new hires!
Just wana be alone :'
Pleasantly surprised by Contagion, good film.
Count me in!
: Interested in a network of VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval?
letsjoin!
win, lose or tie I am a diehard fan until I die
Ugh.
I hate crying.
HEY GUYS WE'RE RELEASING OUR MUSIC VIDEO ON SEPTEMBER 6TH ALONG WITH OUR SINGLE ON ITUNES, RHAPSODY AND AMAZON SO MAKE SURE TO BUY IT:
kinda disappointed
If Herman Cain can be a presidential candidate, pizza can be a vegetable.
Damn I was tired as hell today!!!
Nothing like an after school nap :
hahah aw oh, ok, because i was there and i was like no we shouldve met up!
i got the best HD videos though!
she was perfect.
also fresh update coming in January.
Going to include a new feature.
nah he's going to eat while doing chair pose, right?
Finally I'm home 
I knew yall might have been a lil funny but not that funny.
Yall are hilarious and
The theme this year is Postmarked 2011, the art is by Breena Wiederhoeft and Zech Bard.
Despite national trends sandiego housing prices are on the rise...Now it the perfect time to purchase realestate here!
He's right!
As soon as we get rid of this pond scum administration it will improve the economy
Glad to see this addoctorssed.
Years of poor posture can cause spinal misalignment that needs treatment.
one of these days we'll have a rematch
Ooh, have fun skiing!
Raspberry nutella at ...if love had a flavor this might be it!
fuck this dissecting a cat bullshit, got cat juice in my eye..
Show love to my ppls
What stores in sd r open?!?!
Antonio Allen
JLo is looking more and more amazing!!!
You're welcome!
:
Haha that is the sweetest compliment : thanks girl
cannot figure out how to add text to an RT.
ack.
You don't, by chance, have a sibling or other family member named Rob do you?
I went to Air Academy with one.
VENGEANCE so stoked, welcome to the family!
i wish that thing was over i wanna go somewhere.....
...
EAT inbetweenmeals SNACKS.
Fruits  vegetables are not required, but snacks should be under 150 calories.
...
Your WeightLoss Coach
haha typical Olson moves.
bakes too.
It's a great quality in a boy.
Why Katniss doesn't see this is a mystery.
yay!!!
Have fun!!
Send me pics :
HeyI see you are a finalist in the Instructables Arduino Challenge!!!
Nice!
It is official...
the office has run out of !
help!
cc:
Ground rule double, I'll take it!
Hope i get this job :
right on iloverum  the 21 year old Cuba Libre was legit
i dont no but u should charge ur ipod
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down.
That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
eduiconf speakers don't forget to email us your slides for the download site.
This Sunday will be dope
u sure did get the brisket mister.ImInHeaven
In the studio in LA where John Clayton is producing a CD for Charles Aznavour.
Rachelle Farell is the special guest.
Really nice.
well it would be my first allnighter ever :
Interesting path.
How about Jethro Tull?
Good Luck , in Championship Game today..
Bring home title
my story is that one day I will run OWN.
Bold but necessary.
I blame that asshole Merlin for setting up shop next door.
How's an avg wizard supposed to compete with brand recognition like that?
Emmy entry early deadline is Monday.
Save cash and win a statue
Thanks for sharing out our article!
: Only way I catch blue balls if she had blue lipstick.....get em boy ;
Aarghhh...
can't sleep.
It's been a long night.
What area of the house do you find to be the hardest part to keep organized?
Lefthanders are more likely to be geniuses  20 of all MENSA members report being lefthanded.
The station is having a bake sale tomorrow!
Join us for delicious treats, good music, and sign up to host your own show while you're at it!
happy birthday lovely !
:D you're finally 16!
i love you as well as all the other mahomies!
never give up on your doctorams !
3
lmao ok uh qudoba or however u spell it is half off with college id
I have tried codeine cough syrup, masturbating, a hot shower, smokin bowls of kush and white noise and I still cant sleep grrrrrr
We're playing at Kimo's in San Francisco on Saturday June 11th.
More details to come...
ya looks that way for now..
more to it then just retiring though
I hate when a mf don't follow directions!
Simple directions at that...smh
what?
Sounds interesting.
me too!!
Can someone go follow
Talk that talk to me ;
N what u want to do?
I thought it was positive she put on a good show with her musicians and avoided having a lot of syncing
Naa...
It's called frostbite.
The numbness makes you think it's warm....
I got a new number!
HIT ME UP!
4144293973
Back to finish my work tonight, didn't get to bed tell almost 12:00 in the morning this morning.
Hope to turn in earler tonight.
Such an amazing song from boyfriend :D
Thx for the follow!
Don't be Racist.3 okay, ill try.:
Hahah I know, right?
Cable Pretzel broke up after Small World, for obvious reasons...
Chuck seems to be liking his guided workouts
I don't believe in second chances anymore, second chances are for bitches
Right thing to do?
RT : KABUL, Afghanistan  Obama has sent a letter formally apologizing for Quran burning.
Follow Friday for my AdTechSF copanelists:
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that last month was the warmest March on record at an average of 51.1 degrees i
Sound mix from my window: music, traffic, church chorus, conversations.
I believe that freedom is the deepest need of every human soul
If you work at a store, your not going to make alot of money!!
ahahah
Today Is Tunrnin Out To Be A Bitch .
HAPPY EASTER!!!
:
looks like it.
My childs bowels are triggered by the phrase, Get in the car.
Its time to leave.
Is it bad that I don't know who One Direction is?
Its so sad how egotistical some men can be..smh
fashion is my heart, music is my soul modeling is my life
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson  Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I don't even know who this person is
hey James my bday is sunday is there anyway you can tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
The possibility that we may fail in the struggle, ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.
Abraham Lincoln
If you are in the WPB area and want to hear a great band, go tonight to and see winners of the next GAC star,
Congratulations to for her nomination in the 3rd Annual ATL's Hottest Entertainment Award as ATL's Hottest Female Artist!!
Quote from Rehearsal: I don't care if it's French, it's ing stupid.
Dannie
I can finally get on with my life.
Brad and Angelina are engaged.
...This is the element of Freedom.
Alicia Keys.
s/o 2 all the producers and features on
we're going to die.
Thanks!
I got all your questions today...
Make my wish come true and follow me.3 Please.:
This is exactly why Lebron will never be in the same class as Jordan or Kobe.
Clutch wins championships
I can't send u the link unless ur following me.
I tried.
Just another sign ur meant to be my friend
: Tau Chapter was chartered on May 1 1922 at Atlanta U for undergraduate men seeking membership into Omega Psi Phi.
thanks for the s/o
Ayers: DH needs to build things of substance now, with relevance for teaching  broader audiences
thank you for checking us out!
:
Doing well, thanks!
Living in my dad's old house.
Bob has two girls and lives in Folsom now.
How are you?
people are gonna start bringing you avocados which is gonna be even worse than carrots cause they're squishy and get brown fast
Cleveland quit on that play!
That was a disgrace.
if you lived in Andover, you would already be home
...I like this!
Great share!
haha I'm sure they will be marked down to like 5 in no time.
Let's buy Odom jerseys, listen to Alanis, and have an irony party!
I'm hiding mine on a separate page.
Best I can do so far...
Looking forward to seeing my Dad and Randy today.
Their stays here are always epic.
Light housework in preparation.
put the ones that aren't in the boxes
ah!
I want to win those passes !
That would make my life 3
Who's ready for my remix of Call Me Maybe?....
Working the rest of my double tired and pissed off ....
RT : hustling, nothing new lol  Hustling hard or Hustling smart?....Huge difference!
New Mexico Satellite Man can wallmount that HDTV.
Give him a call at 3506428.
I am loving the quotes today!
interesting that Tide mentioned reach w/ women behind NFL sponsorship, NASCAR doesn't offer the same audience.
C'mon, Pepsi, make the site live and send me a confirmation with a link to vote!!
Stay tuned peeps ADL Center needs your votes!
The average sleep time of a dog is said to be 10.1 hours per day...jealous?
for the last 10 years Sandler movies have sucked.
last 2 good ones were happy gilmore and billy madison
I know who to call wen im down
now all the lames popular
Correction!
I am NOW and no longer SimplyGrapes....
:
Aw thanks!
If I didn't have a quiz today, I wouldn't be leaving my bed all day
GO LEVY
found you!
i havnt been to my grandmas in a min !
Custom reporting tools help map activity to measurement goals
Apartment above me is blasting oldie and shaking the walls while I'm writing this paper.
You know what...that's ok with me.
Ask Zayn a question!!!!
i wish i liked energy doctornks  i've got to wake up!
It's a bit emotional for us here.
We've never worked without Walt as part of the onair mix.
Will miss his wit on
I see what you're doing there.
:3
when im done doing the dishes im going to eat...
opposite :
Wonder where babe's at?
Digitas new front panel discussion
I call that a warm up.
But then again I might have a problem
yea we do it'll be fun
RT : The more I watch the Highlighters in person, the more I can't get over the length they have in the frontcourt.
Enjoy the last day.
Safe trip home, guys!
I really need to work on being someone respectable at conferences, and not the person who starts bagging on religion immediately.
Best of luck, win one for the nice, good guys.
Wishing you all the luck in the world.
Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn is having a rail jam this Fri.
Free beer, BBQ, and prizes.
Lunatik Clothing will be there!
Check it out
I love the smell of online commerce in the morning
I'm still not sure on him, will let u know as soon as I hear
wish I could be there, follow anyways?
: Gallup: Obama most admired man followed by Bush, Clinton...Gingrich makes list with 1 i admire
EARTH DAY
Quoting my friend re: Jeremy Lin: Better PR for Asian Americans than money can buy!
Flip flops, tshirt, and shorts.
Oh how wonderful is a
weren't social service offices around before President Obama???
I think so.
aha.
Now now all of us know everyone misses their favorite Asian, Jess  me screaming at bachelor and tt.
hah
We need silent auction items for a fundoctoriser in April.
If you have anything you can donate, please let me know!
why didn't slayer join in the Big Four jam session?
:There are 3 types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.
K, I don't do this often/at all, but the chick singing on Thevoice is KILLING it!
Love me some oldschool
welovegreyson because his style3 there's no way of describing it I love it!!:
Got out just in time, it seems.RT BREAKING: National Weather Service says Texas sets record for hottest JuneAugust in U.S.
history.
EC
i love it when i see a celebrity with a selftaken picture as their twitter or watev professorle pic it makes me think they're people too :
1 RT : If you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future, you're pissing all over today
I marked out when Lesner came out!
madisonbiketoworkweek tip of the day...ride with your mouth closed.
cough
We're the new Hoda and KathyLee...
I call not Hoda.
plus his last name is crazy hard to spell
Well, that's his jobif I can't find one of my own I might still need to go baron hunting.
maybe a dog is considering you as an owner in the future.
EVER THOUGHT OF THAT!?!
Badger football ranked 7 in the latest BCS poll
It's not your fault, but is is your problem.
cheap dive where one of the patrons references cyrano?
yes, please.
thank you,
as for the timing...the pressure's been on since Biden spoke.
I don't really know why now, but it's a political risk for sure
With all these releases, games that require a little dedication get ignored as a result.
A game's community can't flourish this way.
true true.
See ya tomorrow brother!
Just welcomed 8 members of the team to New York with Shake Shack, the burgers of champions.
BestThingYouNeverHeardof rewinding, freezing and fast forwarding time.
47 use nonsanctioned sites and devices to supplement training/learning in the workplace!
sociallearn
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 2
How cool is that?
Truly an honor to see
The Welkinn Complex, a medical conspiracy novel, written by Kevin Kiely, now available at online book retailers such as Amazon, BN,  more.
El Cajon City Council preparing to conduct interview for Planning Commission vacancy, appointment
Like...
He's on the screen talking about murders and I'm just like you gorgeous mother fucker umphhhhhh
My homie just got out its on 2nite
Good morning!
Happy Valentine's day!!
Wishing you love and happiness ALWAYS!!
Xoxo
Thanks for the RT Paul...ENJOY the rest of your evening :
We shall take your castle by force!
Make sure to stop by our 2012 West Side Summer Show, Sun Jul 29th  Wagner's Country Inn, in Westlake.
11a6p.
Over 170 vendors!
Serenity likes to dance in the shower to indie music.
I have the best kid ever.
We just got the WilliamsSonoma Xmas catalog.
Now I really want to make a bunch of candy.
That's normal, right?
;
MT Intern.
Then repeat.
RT : What's the best way to get into sports with no work or education experience ?
Doing a new play reading tonite through Three Roses Theatre Co.
very cool script!
about a year ago, but I didn't read it until two or three weeks ago
because people are dumb, and believe everything they hear because they are desperate.
The best part of being a supervillain is the freedom to laugh maniacally at all times
Each performance onward moves history forward, starting at community day  continuing now, Live at TheHowardTheatre w/ Bonney 
saturday!
I'ma have my phone  
I'm pretty sure that Snuggle is the creepiest product mascot ever created.
Thanks for posting, very kind of you!
our job is easier because we are blessed with great kids!
The real being, with no status, is always going in and out through the doors of your face.
LinChi
Just ate bowl of oatmeal with only minimal pain.
Heading in the right direction!
I don't care :
Nice to see ref back in the WWE !
Glad to have you back !
super lucky girl!:
Going Global TV thanks for the follow.
new follower!!!
;
when i walk into school i go do what i gtta do then get df out.....norcross im moving cant wait and it will be alright
We made out first pit stop on the way to Milwaukee...5 miles from our house.
By this estimation, we'll be in Milwaukee maybe next week.
I enjoyed 2, haven't finished the first, but just really haven't picked up the other two.
That said, American Revolution FTW
Just let me know when you are ready to make switch.
I can work a deal.
Take care!
Spending time at Mimi's before school and work consume my life this summer 
Hair cut then pet supermarket then publix and finally the gym
We just did some spring cleaning on our patio...new tables, new landscaping....and more.
We are ready for FQF!
I want some chicken and waffles
If you are sitting in mcfaddens comparing with each other what size you wear in Versace couture, I automatically hate you.
Also, becauseitsFriday I went with my dad and my sister to a family dinner at China Buffet.
why does playlist live have to be on the other side of the universe?
Orlando professorssionals to follow RT : Erb  Young Insurance combine integrity and competence as your trusted advisor
Quinn, you better stay away from Artie.!
are u going to game?
So which friend is getting married first.
I'm ready to kick off this whole partying at weddings thing.
RT : Gon Bops launch new website: There's also details of the new Gon Bops clothing line, which includes Tshirts, ha......
I'm sick of this shit
thanks dthr and peoplechat  great way to spend my lunch hour!
...now back to the HR tasks at hand....
SWAGSHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN rttt
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself turn into a villian
THEY GONNA GET U !
Omg ii hate pig
Golden Pride, hands down.
Wish we would have seen Multilingual Social Media in there!
RT : Gini Dietrich: 8 PR, marketing and socialmedia trends...
I find 6 kindle screen pretty impossible for PDFs...
DX wd be better, but that much  puts you near iPad range
Mathematics are well and good but nature keeps doctorgging us around by the nose.
Albert Einstein
When my butt is sore, I squeeze it.
:D
We've got 2004 reasons to be thankful this year.
Cheers to all of you!
.
Follow me3 !
Simpsonizers Cant Wait For Paradise!
Happy new years eve everyone, :
Just heard, It'd run a maggot off a gut truck.
We were talking about farming.
I love the South.
Free Keda Mac
Don't cry over a guy let a guy cry over you cause girls GIVEFORGIVE and guys GETFORGET
for the next 2 months, im gonna be in a
would you mind following me now..??
Since I was only about 4 years old, don't think there were too many ThingsISaidInThe90's
prob is you belong  your lib seems to physicallib centered.
I want to stress online access/ref.
hahahah c: you've officially followed my wicked annoying twitter wahoo!!
Looking like a bag of money
Bang Bang!!!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Ain't tweeted in a good min
Hahaha We all know a douchebag named Tyler..
lmaoo!
Our first customer arrived...his name is Alan!
Okay well yeah that's fine I can understand that you have tons of work to catch up on : but hey like I said today at the park
Great United States of Americana show this morning!
happy mothers' day!
Found my phone case.
No worries.
why do so many gays want to be plastic?
Plastic is cheap, just look at Barbie, each one of those whores is only like 15.
lol.
T.Swift still trending..
Crazy she can make nothing to something in her life.
Not alot of people can say that
i had fun last night
Haven't felt like complete shit in a while.
I just tweeted in my pants
tried some newly formulated Schiltz.
Not too shabby...
Tried to use my free pizza last night.
Their app didn't recognize the coup, and the store mgr had no knowledge of the promo!
Running a 5K..
What the hell did I get myself into..
Used to be first now I'm dead last Smh
Ike: Take that piece of paper, and shove it sideways up you're wrinkled ss.
my day was great : and ah im jealous that you caught a fish!
i go fishing with my uncle  i've never caught one!
lol
Apparently my Mondays are turning into hiking days.
Not a bad routine...
GRANDmorning ya'll, woke up because I got a text message and my phone vibrates really loud!!!
Registered for 5K race on Long Island next weekend :
...and take down your Lugar sign already.
Connecting personally..
Shower or eat first?
wanna help a runner out?
Nathanpeelphoto.com/checkit ...
Scroll down and vote for Mary and Sean!10,000 bucks toward the wedding!
The smell of cigarettes make me wanna vomit
Looking to get ahead in your outbound campaign?
magnalogix can help.
866.460.6611
Ha!
To criminal defense?
Or personal injury?
Called the City Engineer, but don't know if there's any way to make street safer.
Its to nice
And truthfully, I've had women friends who wished they were taller.
Not 6'2 tall lol, but yeah, I get ya.
or maybe it was just tactical to get a contract offer that has yet to come, and may never.
Sup!
I am going crazy trying to figure out how to get my twitter on...
how are things!
Like doctor Evil would say.
Thanks for noticing!
RT : books on Kindle for nonextortionate prices?
Swoon.
Hangover city bitch, hangover city bitch
Fanfkingtastic work on your site, man!
Thanks to for the nod.
Love the NBC rebrand.
i have been busy but all is well
jealous fiancee by a mile.
you told me to check your hometown on FB
I hope everyone shows up to my St.
Paddy's Day nonalcoholic party...
It looks like we have a similar background; I'm also a doctormmer  aspiring producer hoping to work in the music biz
No kidding!
Thanks!
By the looks of my TL a lot of ppl seem to be down.
If I could wave a magic wand to make things better I would!
I can be there in about 10 hours.
Can I stay for the rest of your life?
lol that's hilarious
Four steps apparently doesn't equal a travel when you're a Big East team.
just you wait...
Two and three are better.
;
so that last tweet was trying to find out how crowded shamistercks is right now.
Many people there?
check out this month for a feature on the SIDESHOW FRINGE FEST!
don't forget to follow for details!
goodnight everyone
omg hi
Thank you for registering for the 2012 Beer Bloggers Conference, scheduled for July 13  15 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
have you gotten any of my texts ?
:p i miss you and so does this account XD
Going outside to chill with my buds.
Que comience la pachanga!!
Let the party start!!
slaimon the god follow me back :
in milw?
When?
Salary is 174k.
I have pledged not to keep more than 100k of it.
An And but so popped out of my mouth today and I had to then face my own problems overusing such.
I am powerless in its face.
Whoever thought it was funny to sign my cell number up for Cat Facts better hope I don't find out who u are!
You're only gonna let me down when it counts.
I'm so jealous!
I want to go to Toronto.
It's wedding season so I'm going crazy!!
Well, I guess we're a Tiger town for a while.
well hey too you also!
I hope your Cards win tonight, that would be awesome for them!
great labor day weekend.
saturday, I won 4 gold medals at USgrappling submission only tournament.
My 27 sec.
sub.
was the fastest of the day
Nice!.....B'fast looks awesome!
Enjoy.Happy Mothers Day !
Y do I even bother with relationships
Welp, last time I try to give you advice
Ha!
It's not online yet....but I'll FB it to you!
You well?
Very exciting that we've got games on Wednesday night AND Saturday night this week.
Come out to McNally's and watch 1st place !
I'm alright economic sh
follow and please :D x 31
omg.
peeing myself.
zayn's reaction to getting flashed 
Thanks for the follow :
Still official.
Still STUPID HOT.
DM us your contact info
Hey Summer girl, hope you check out our songs and like our FB page!
Pretty sure I just designed a distinct and successful wine label.
Time will tell.
The awkward moment when your blowing mucus out your nose and mouth at the same time D:
buy criminal video on iTunes..
1.99
or all the requests!
I mean, don't people learn?
I don't want to tend your fields or meet you at the poker table.
:/
try to find a veteran 2nd baseman...question is who??
New Dog Care Guide for Tucson Dog Owners Released Tucson resident, Dog Behavioral Therapist  Master Trainer Gerard Raneri, has released
Overheard in the beer aisle, I've never had Tecate.
I would be at the American Idol live taping if I didn't live in Miami.
What a waste...
aw!
: its gunna becrazy with btr and cody..
Watching The FOX Report With Shepard Smith with Viggle.
Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tevez has a 6pack like mine
Delivery guy called to say he left some flowers for me with my neighbor, but he wouldn't tell me who they were from.
There's always money in the banana stand!
they are not related yu retard
word.
MT I'm amused by ppl who dont recognize indpnt consultants as entrepreneurs or service providers as viable businesses
im mad that i didnt have anyone to take me!!
i had the money to buy my ticket but no one to take me
Moving to Desoto next year :

got my tickets to the gun show 
Stay tuned for weekly updateswe are starting new and exciting things Dottie Doolittle!
glad to hear it.
Were also looking forward to a great workshop!
Inspired by real life
do you know how to unhook a bra.
me and were just wondering.
actually Maria was :
Don't disagree with your comment about digitalvaults.org.
It all seems rather random ...
like 10 minutes after you said you were going to sleep :
Eyes get tired.
For fun, try an audiobook.
What a treat!
: I'm crying everytime i listen to TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart 3
man...
That's my dude and all but...
This Fro is legendary...
I need experienced clippers on heem...
josswhedon thank you!!!!
Eye appointment for my 7 yearold today.
This will result in glasses.
I have my money right here!
Thank you !!!
You are most welcome!
Anyone else having trouble logging into Hootsuite?
It's not recognizing my username.
Having an awesome afternoon hanging out with my parents!
My fathers talking about his childhood in Alabama during the 50's.
Hilarious!
: What to do if you find a kohails problemcomplain?
French do that a lot...
or contribute!
:D
Histology question: apocrine and eccrine sweat glands have differentsize lumens, it's how you tell them apart.
Students asking why, IDK...
for the trip that you took, did you have to get permits and whatnot in advance?
Hahaha alain jus opened a can of chunky soup and jus started eatin it talkin bout I dnt got time for all that microwave shit lol
hiring managers: what's the best question you've heard from a candidate?
I just found one.
Hit me up once your in.
R.I.P Junito FUCK the WORLD if U aint IN it !
bella you should come home for a while like in florida in fort walton beach go to the mall its big and fun
It's all old fashioned and slow.
NOPE!
ok.
hopefully it won't be to big of a hassle to move
I need a favor!
We're still in 2nd place...
can you vote us into 1st by everyone clicking on GirlFriendCIRCLES!
I think I've discovered what I'm going to do on my vacation: 24/7.
As if justin bieber one direction and big time rush weren't enough my 10 year old daughter is making me watch japanese boy band videos SMH
God gave His only Son so He could have a relationship with you.
Why would u think He would withhold anything else from u?
dude, for sure!
Hit me up!
Well....my night was just made...hello aj....
This is getting fucking annoying now!
STIX the CAT sez, hi mike larsen and a good meow to you  thx for the follow  meow!
Anytime after six....pm
At times, nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated sarcasm.
you think they wouldve had a chance?
With or w/o rose they were gonna get smacked
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
1st course: bialy with smoked salmon and blackhawk porter.
The polls are closed.
And, special coverage on WUWM is live.
Tune in.
Looks interesting!
I'll be there!
RT : FoodieChats A3: My wife says it's her.
I tried to argue until she said, Hey, I'll eat a pound.
Will you?
we're working finalizing a date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC.
Look for an announcement in next week or two.
Sergio Bustos says Hispanics are the soccer moms of 2012 they could go either way depending on who can deliver the right message to them
CB4 bang'n in the system...
str8 outta locash...
it's 10 o'clock...
do you know where your mom's at?
so, youre saying my bright shining face was not enough to compel you to see me, but my politics are?
LOL
Dear work...I'll have a hockey hangover in the morning.
Please have the coffee ready.
And fuck you Rangers!
That mini snicker bar was love!
you need to come on down to San Diego and have our Gumbo party.
We never got around to it.
Topic?
If for my class, send me the links and I will approve.
: RE: newspaper or magazine article that relates to psychology
You know you're a wimp when a giant spider sends you running and shrieking faster and louder than the 7 yr old ur hanging with
The niners may have lost but everyone loses because Madonna is doing the Super Bowl Halftime show.
taking care of business with great service while I enjoy a coffee, newspaper, and the Sunday shows
I don't rap on twitter little nigga I'm around
Oh my lol!!
LAHair i may watch since tabitha's salon takeover has disappeared for some strange reason
well, I do plan on douchingitupinarlington on Saturday night
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
come in and see them anytime..
They love visits!
:
i got to go to yanks stadium last night and watch the o's shut them down 50.
and it was awesome.
and i almost got in a fight.
Beauty is skin deep....wait isn't that a commercial?!
Thanks!
Easily one of my favorite books of all time!
Unlike Social Media, we actually help you monetize and track your marketing results, short and long term.
We guarantee better results.
and it was delicious!!
Thanks for joining.
Must have sense of humor to read all the tweets his/her players tweet about them.
ThingsThatMakeMeMad I say I'm going offline and not to tweet and then fucking everyone tweets me.
GOSH I HATE THAT SHYT
Wish I could respond via twitter.
Oh well...
I'm going to use the words pursuant to so many times in this MD Civ Pro lawschool exam...
we just came from flamingo pool..
with armie and cuz..
Dysfunctional ass mf!
Are you ready for some football?
I do lots of things, thank you very much!
upgrade complete, system restored and cache cleared!
Now is a great time to start an online store!
You can be open to sell for Christmas season...let us show you how!!
you are beautiful just the way you are :
I like to play dirty tricks on those telephone fundoctorisers, mostly because I tell them not to call but they do anway
There are many types and kinds of guides, let self respect be yours.
unfortunately i did not.
gotta work on my fundamentals
When you start laughing for no reason and can't stop  
: whts good ahki I nd 2be in one of the academy award winning films u producinAyee thts the Key to Get an AWARD COMIN
: Oh snap, Obamacare is going to give us more coverage for less money!
Thank you for doing this I'm super excited!!!
VIP night at Scholars Inn.
Buy one appetizer get one free!!!
Cool, keep me in the loop!
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
H.
G.
Wells
Way to go Scott Fligor  our newest EMT behind the wheel!
I can't wait for Super Junior's comeback coming up this year!
And they are already recording their 6th album!
word up.
Live and learn.
glad to hear it.
I will fight all of you
the cameraperson is making too many movements it's a total blur with just random signs showing.
turn up the love now we're gonna save the world tonight!
thanks for a great season!
Go Pack!
Best.
Night.
Ever
Not good to be outnumbered...
...it looks like a box with an arrow coming out.
Click it and then look for button: Add to Home Screen.
Press it.
That's it.
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Encore Stage  Studio!
Why do you LOVE Encore?
Share it here!
was just talking about the confit; haven't tried it yet.
Might have to do it this weekend.
Knife reminds me that I need a ham...
iWannaGiveAShoutout To my band Sexual Chocolate
Keep out of Florida's gated communities
Ever put Nutmeg instead of Cinnamon on your Cinnamon  Sugar toast?!
....
Yeah, me neither.
what does HP selling of its PC Business mean for Microsoft?
I wish I could correct
I don't want to marry someone brave and honorable!
Oy va voy!
Maccabi Haifa hires Bernie Fine as a consultant!
Strange hiring for the struggling team, don't think I would want to be involved
When I arrived there were only three other people here now, all cute young men.
Now three cute young women have arrived.
Coincidence?
Listening to 's composition  guitar solo being played live on TV right now on CBS.
So cool!
Helping students learn is something we can all do intentionally, no matter whether we are faculty, librarians, archivists, or technologists
I'm not saying I disagree with you.
I'm just answering your question Why?
Though I don't think he should have said that
OMG!
It's in the Oxford English Dictionary
Thx  I work for an amazing org to make play and recess possible for kids at lowincome schools across Baltimore.
gorgeous day by the pool after a great americanreunion party last night!
I am creating jobs with and I am not using 1 taxpayer  and don't need one.
Taxpayer  need to stay in taxpayers pocket
will be on with today after 5:30 talking Dancing with the Stars on tonight at 7.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there!!
It should not be legal to be awake right now.
FF because he is a bad boy c;
I dyed part of my hair red:
Hahahaha!
Mine plays live from Anguilla!!
RT : I like buffets.
Guess that's different though.
I'm at my school band concert.
Waiting for my turn.
; You??
What salon in LA do you go to for your hair?
I know I heard it in one of your videos I just cant remember which one.
Getting off twitter for the night
Time for a doctornk !
Oh this Thursday.
We're playing with Ha Ha Tonka and Spring Standards at Club Cafe.
It'll blow your pants out.
Get there, yinz.
www.indianacountyfair.com has been updated!
check back soon for a BIG announcement about the country performer!
Super productive day with the talented and beautiful pnb business acting thank you!
not since you left thanks for bringing back up all those horrific memories
check your twitter now : love you ....
I look crazy
haha your welcome : why don't you move to Texas Huh?
Lol
no Brian just no OKC !
NP Down By The Water The Decemberists, from the FUV Live 14 CD I got on Thursday night!
Good stuff.
I believe that SPARKS went to press today.
Celebrating with pumpkin gingerbread at HQ with
ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile through anything you're going through
What do RewardMilk and the human orgasm have in common?
...
Absolutely everything.
outstanding...
for me lots of family time.
well actually only family time.
all good.
enjoy the week.
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO RECEIVING 'S TWITTERINGS.
yes, it's sort of become a moving target for different reasons.
Should be after Tales.
The fact that I just bought this emoji 2 app  can't figure out how to use them while over here is rubbing it in my face 
My job consist of running the companywide bracket challenge.
HA!
based on dollar volume, Northern Manhattan recorded the biggest jump in activity from a year ago rising 83 to 155M in sales
about to get this vocal session going
Less than an hour!
Be at the Bradley Center at 6:30 to help FoodFightMKE beat hunger!
Don't be late!
Don't miss the older ones.
In my opinion, they're better.
Later ones seem to get selfindulgent.
Just bought my fishin'/huntin' license which means and I catch as many fish and shoot as Manu varments as I want yes!
Having to schedule time a week in advance to see your roommate.
Yeah, that kind of week.
I can def.
see arguments vs.
Hill.
He was the end of that tier for me, hoped Jenkins would fall
Ain't that the truth.
If it doesn't you'll be fine, but the person at the other end needs some incentive 
so we are indeed LIVE tonight on 105.3 FM the Spy at 8pm...tune in, call in, doctorp out, question authority :
Can someone explain to me how Oregon slips to 3 in the final polls after losing in the final seconds in the National Championship game?
Finally I'm onlinee :
Bring it on baby lol!!
OverheardOnPolkStreet: He's from Minnesota, but he was raised Jewish.
Tony, you're right.
Pratt is an elected official and runs the office.
But she's not on Twitter.
I'm sick.
Haha life sucks.
Sue and Jimmy Feeley say hi and good luck!
They are my friends!
at which show?
This USAF wife would love to attend HUGE parade in NYC to welcome home hubby  all who have served!
Whoadere RT : Girls that smell like fish
Ok, I had to check on you to make sure you were ok.
It's never easy dealing with the lost of someone dear to you.
Rt Nobody can go bak and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending...!
Today I'm a Hep Cat.
You don't need diet pills, crazy contraptions.
U just need to learn how to move more and eat less.
some things just aren't meant to be tweeted J.
But I did my first angel doctorp outside on grass woohoo!
: The talk with and in the library today  was fantastic 
I will pretty much do nothing in the office today.
Here come the Bills.
They want to make a big trade, but at No.
10, it's Michael Floyd or Riley Reiff or...hm....Melvin Ingram.
Thank you President Obama ...
it took a while, but you took your stand  everyone deserves the chance to marry the person they truly love!
U A FUNNY WOMAN LOL
Can somebody tell me a punter was not doctorfted in round 3 ?
In that doctoram I'm as old as the mountains
I'm like two blogs behind!
Should finish one about my show on Saturday, tomorrow tho.
I think you would look better in Kentucky Blue!!
2012 National Champions!!
Go Big Blue!!
Heading to Los Angeles for SNDLA meetup
who's the girl singing in the pepsi commercial?
Follow my other twitter, pls guys, I follow back; !
Thank u
Thanks to for all your great wishes.
Hope you stay engaged in local politics
Lol broke my wrist
Hell ya!!!
10 in a row baby for player of the week!
lol I see.
But I ain't mad at ya get yo money
so my county has an excessive heat warning tomorrow, from noon to 7.
we ain't got AC.
i'm going to shop at walmart for 7 hours.
:P
ALWAYS appreciative of the whole CSN team, but today is my hero.
And I've never been so happy to see in my life.
I'm just saying in my past.
Idk if this girl is like that but it seems like it always is
bleached/bleached/bleached/bleached
yeah but this is amber an I could be the girl of your doctorams
Good Defense Cowboys :
Interns going through professorssionalism  etiquette training today.
Do you need to brush up on your skills?
With iPads there are more inbook distractions, even w/ Kindles, etc, you don't have other app temptations.
Fuck.
Couldn't remember a damn thing for that final exam
I can't remember  should i get you guys tickets for Market at the Foodbank on April 22?
i also like Zendaya's Clothes too but i love bellz a lil more
i know it's spring because most of my 5th graders have dating on the brain.
oye.
He gone!
RT  Thank you MLB Network, for cutting in just in time for me to hear Hawk's heart break
Well put.
However, 'tis evil thoughts create my wordetry.
deep memories of you absolutely owning that at karaoke!
Fugitive siblings sentenced
can you ping me on Skype?
reading then bed
If youre getting married soon, say IDo to FITzee, too!
Brides will feel fit and fab walking down the aisle w/ us by their side.
It's little 5!!
There nothing you can do or say you going to break my heart anyways :/ I love you E.S
Lied in my last tweet.
WE GOTTA CLOSE THESE FOOLS OUT
j j DYNOMITE!
Who is Greenberg, and what did he/she/it say?
Don't steal my smilies fool!
Hopefully I have my car back tomorrow.
I miss Roscoe /3
Iowa State wins!!!
Beats Okla State...
And now they celebrate blaring Neil Diamond Sweet Caroline.
WOW...
No wonder they usually lose!
I want a Charlotte Bobcat's jersey!
you do a great job Carla!
Text me doctorving down to the lake
9819; Protect your home
Oh yeah I bumped into at Plaza Bonita today..
c:
cameo in next movie fer sure lloyd!
m egg nog.
I need to visit you soon.
I'll be out there for Christmas but you'll prolly be in Phoenix.
:0
Where are all my atheist at?
AtheismisterllCall didn't it use to be atheistrollcall ?
Either way:
Come out  join us at WalMart  Borders Books on US31 South in Greenwood Sat from 112p as we collect donations 4 Operation Christmas Child!
oops...
sorry i shouldn't have asked what episode lol?
:P can i ask how long was your scene?
and i know that they would for sure..
This is a GREAT compliment.
Writers doctoram about causing readers to miss subway stops.
I would say I'm getting to old for this job but that's far from the truth.
That ain't the problem...
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Watching Charlie St.
Cloud.
I just love to torture myself :'
Actually we're a refrigerated cold brew coffee that's sold in bottles at grocery stores.
We got our start at
just gave 1K to GUSailing through HoyasUnlimited.
Wanted  b a part of the success of such talented kids.
Ahoy Saxa!
A friend in Denver just recommended a new breakfast spot, Just opened last month in Hillcrest!
Ross so sorry at play station
lol Right !doe
An ADT salesman just knocked on my door with the shave and a haircut knock.
What a jerk.
yes, especially the penthouses, but its a coop.
Just had a meeting with Great dude, killer office.
Hope Nintendo can compete with Microsoft, Ubisoft and Sony's great showcases yesterday
I saw u at Barracuda in Portland, Oregon a couple years ago.
Do u have any upcoming Oregon shows?
Huge fan!
After a week in Utah, Las Vegas, and California, I'm looking forward to going home to my tiny apartment...
If you think marriage is a dying institution in society email .
Looking for people and their opinions!
Endless connects and clients I put on for my city no matter where I go I don't forget where I came from
Ridiculously long day starting at 5:00 AM and ending now at 11:55 PM.
I don't need sympathy.
I need sleep.
Next gig at 6:45 AM.
Thanks to all the couponers who brought in food for Mama'sPantry.
We are always in need of nonperishable food donations
that's cute
Seriously just saw a woman sporting a George Washington hairstyle.
Packers are up 6 points, all we need is a FG to put this game away!
Be strong.
I know it's hard, but you will get through this.
Let your mind dance with your body.
My tea bag.
i know, i know.
family shmamily..
Food hits floor Little germs: GET IT!!
....
King Germ: NO!
We must wait 5 seconds!
see, if some ppl would keep themselves still on facebook for a minute, they mite learn sumptin' looks to st lou
Celebrating a New Year!
Best wishes for health and happiness to all the Curtins worldwide!!!
Welcome 2012!!!
Just signed up.
Looks pretty cool!
Thanks for the tip
AAPT  about to get crazy in late May.
Can't wait for everyone to find out about Pawtizer updates and more!!!
Can't wait for Roller Derby tonight!
Scrapes, scratches, and...smooches?
: Rylee Get So Hyped When She Hear My Voice .
When She Hear Mines Too lol
chicago where you from
You LATE
Want to climb into the hot tub with us?
Fire extinguisher part 2.
I got you baaaaabbbbe yea I got you baaaabbbbe!
On the plus side I'm well insulated to be out on the street at 4am in just a tshirt
Treat your girl like a princess
Dont miss out on the Hillcrest Farmers Market Visiting Chef Series this Sunday where is the special guest chef!...
.He doesnt make Maudey wear the tinkle bell.
We celebrate Xmas  Hannukah.
Happy Hannukah 2 u  your pretty mom.
dig dat bro!!!
They're called hashtags, and there ain't no master list!
Where's a librarian when you need one?
All those punks at are trying to stop me but they'll never succeed never EVER!!!
GM Adam, thats real kool, ur know I Want You, is one of my favorites...
pls have a fantastic day today...
killin it on the 1's and 2's.
Top 10 dj's he's 1 and 2 Got them girls stretching like and 1 and 2
RCI is now LIfeROOTS, please add our new page LifeROOTS
Mike Pence has some really weird abortion fetish....way to go on the culture wars
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks
I will hunt you dooowwwnn.
Good to see you're alive!
So what did you make instead?
Do you have a thermometer in your fridge?
Optimum temp is said to be 3538.
and don't forget to yell MIKE SMITH SUCKS!
Christopher Plummer is a lock for Best Supporting Actor Oscars...
Wish Beginners was more about Hal's character!
Reading 'Just Kids' by Patti Smith.
Brings back memories of CBGB's and the day I performed there  her energy gave me strength.
I need a good Halloween costume that will capitalize on the fact I'll b 7 months pregnant...
Of course!
Acing exams like its my job
lmao thanks u too:
welcome to twitter
sela compro and you give me the money that day?
I will book the job, the moment I LET GO of HAVING to book the job.
I am grateful to keep getting called in.
When I detach, I am magical,
no worries!
we've put them to use, a whole lot of beautiful minding has happened on those since they've been here
thanks!
I'm strugglin
cant wait to see you at
Interesting day with the earthquake yesterday, few aftershocks last night.
Thankfully nothing like Japan, New Zealand, Pakistan, China
Ah, that's the good Irish wit I've been craving!
ahah I'd et the pie and scrape off the custard!!!!!
Probably right to work.
Maybe doctorg testing welfare recip.
and public employees.
More privitization.
Today's special put us on the map!
Beef Lasagna: Hearty four cheese family recipe!
If tomatoes are classed as a fruit, then doesn't that mean that ketchup is technically a smoothie?
questionsthatdontgetanswers Why don't I look like my parents?
Remember AOL Keywords?
See you on Tuesday at the Moxie Mixer?
Thanks for the FollowFriday ref!
Think I'm going to stop waiting to finish my studio and get my next project out, what do you guys think?
Feel like it's time to get crackin!
just a quick update...I am going into Western Baptist Hospital in Paducah, KY on Feb 4th for surgery.
and grosse pointers, do not forget about grosse pointers
my iPod is brokkkeee.
Big weekend coming up!
Thurs.
The Loading Dock in Galveston, Fri.
Rock N Bowl in New Orleans, Sat.
Hotel Sorella in Houston.
Woohoo!
: Everywhere!
Also: Walker's Point because I'm moving there.
Up and down 2nd st.
sounds a lovely idea to me...
I was lucky.
THEY ARE RIOTING IN LONDON AND ALL OVER ENGLAND IF THAT SHITHITS HERE HOW WILL YOU REPRESENT!!!!!!!!
Things Weird Between Us Now
Getting tired of trying to hide my wiener from the construction crew working on the apartment.
What happened to zayn?
:O
Gone ask me am I mad..
I said No but I know damn well I'm mad
This test bout to be the longest tho
Thank you for coming to and meeting me!!!
:
Papercutsa trees only revenge.
: I'm super excited about puppy bowl Sunday.
BUZZCO WOULD LOVE TO HELP YA FILL THIS POSITION!
Wednesday's Show at Portside will be rescheduled for a later date!
storagewars is just so good.
:

I'm a dog , I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog...
Or at least my cuz thinks so..
And I can't prove her wrong at this point
Shouts out to boy got heat just wait
I didn't start out that way, but it's like potato chips, you can't have just one!
:
Jesus Fucking Christ.
I think the hardest part of my coming out as a lady who likes ladies was how not surprised everyone was
please do!
We are long overdue.
Stressed!
Not sure how much more I can take...
rocking a new suit today and looking good!
RT : Have a great start to the semester, Marquette students!
You should consider branding ugh.
There monetization possibilities are endless!
I'm yours tonight.
Just played Without You and Cant Keep on uke at my show!
Great experience!
Great point!
: RT : Ayers, Wright and Obama have had the same ideas for 20 years and it ain't conservative....
It's crazy how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
gokey or hokey?
The Modestly Attired Mark
Dont expect me to beg, not in my character sorry
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
3
Imma come back wit this check n quadoctorple it
what sister In law?
PrivatePractice, you've made me a basket case!
all this makes me want to do is smash a glass ceiling.
still feeling fired up about hillary clinton's interview in elle magazine.
A3: Don't know if this counts but always wanted to be a mind reader....
The Jaguars just did some Bryan Anger management.
Punter helps bail Blaine Gabbert out of all those threeandouts.
Ramos with MessiLike feet...
Ha.
When they have that cute little snore :
I would like to thank all our submission readers and editors here at FI.
They performed well despite all their other deadlines  demands!
Yea they might talk that shit I'm the only one to get it right
omg you are perfect.
i wish EVERY boy was like you.
I was there
dcmetrosucks single tracking like always
July 24, Happy birthday Miami.
Mary Brickell village will be hosting.
Get ready for this weekends games.
Who do you have winning?
Weekly FREEROLLS!
Code TWITTER35 bonus on 1st deposit!
does she look as she does in muppets?
good thing i kept my lycos email
So yeah, had about enough of this rain.
Gah!
How is YOUR day going??
And we wonder why American is in such a mess...
RT : Here I go babe...what's good?
Just letting people know I fuck with with dimes, babe.....missing u
Right back at you , thanks for the follow!
In which city do you shoot?
what u doing Thursday bruh?
When you make a purchase with Franki, you'll receive a 10 credit to your French Pharmacie client account to use at your next appointment!
Participants in Webinars Scheduled This Week Can Learn the Secrets...
Anthony Nitz took the lessons he learned during a meeting with Dot
Seriously, somebody needs to make a 50sera filmnoir just to include Stiger's version of Things Have Changed during the nightclub scene.
your doing me ;
Dude, what are you up to these days?
I forgot how big an asshole Bob is .....
and that that is what I love about him.
thanks.
You are awesome!!!
If Carlos Slim gave away just 5 of his wealth it would b enough to feed 20 million hungry childoctorn for 2.5 yrs
It's President Barack Obama, thank you!
There is a title attached to his name.
good idea!
Just taped a broken cigarette together; currently smoking it.
Finna listen to some music
Vikash Chandoctor...Happy 8th Anniversary as a JanPro Sacramento Franchisee.
We value our partnership!
Yes you'll be able to get The Crepes Are in the Oven as a single  just not yet!
Soon  promise!!
YourHRPortal followers advertise for free on HRResourcePortal.Com  limited time offer!
Ask how  no committments!
So what is everyone in Cleveland going to be for Halloween???
Being followed by a strange man in a Camister is not the ideal Wednesday night
The struggle, it's real.
Did I miss the day when Obama doctorpped Biden and added Hilary Rosen to the ticket?
What a nonstory
Wow, a margarita on our coaster?
For shame!
;
for how long?
Do you have time for dinner?
I LOVE YOU.
Since it is teacher appreciation week, I wanted to let you all know how much I appreciate you.
Thanks for being great inspiration.
Fear is a great motivator, nice blog, well done
Awesome!
RT jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
You have any flipped teaching going on in BRF?
Love the idea, but haven't seen it myself.
haha wtf I was listening to him too 10 min ago
When can I start being excited about Spring Fling?
hey RA guy.
I'm in bed with hurting bad with complications from RA.
I love this song!!
Uh...you know who you are
Bodyguard Nations nationwide database of Security Jobs can be the perfect opportunity for you
Ah, just saw that.
Hrmmm...
Congrats on the DOOM collection btw!
Death by cookies...
I slept from 5PM to 6AM.
I want to hate everything right now.
All right  my yoga music needs restocking!
Any favorite yoga tunes?
: i wanna Baller..
Shot caller smh Fran
: been home for 10 minutes and already want to be back at lasell sundayhurryup COME BACK NOW I hate life
The bags are juiced for Montero.
Well my phone's gonna be off tmmister cause my mama doesnt wanna take me to pay it!
Ugh.!
maybe that's where I got confused..
Was wondering why I felt so anxious...then realized I just finished an entire grande chai tea...whew.
DM We're preparing a national PR  marketing campaign for the most cost effective digital learning solution.How can you help?
u mean feeling blessed and so appreciative 4 every beautiful day?
Definitely :
did you have mcas today?
You have all the answers!
having an awesome worship let ur haters be ur elevators doctor Lee P.
Washington
Stay tuned for letsGolocalNYC official launch party, because you are all invited
Why Come Nick Is Trying To Straighting His Hair  The Fucking Iron Thing Is Smoking Like A Mother Fucker !
Lol He Stupid .
Wish I was at for some delicious baked goods.
I was up all night thinking about this.
We should discuss and write more about this topic.
you're always invited anywhere I go!
I'm with the momma for my brothers graduation from grad school.
it's twitter.
Comedians joke about death all the time.
It's how the human race copes.
It's very sad to me but laughs are needed
So just followed me..
This is pretty cool!
:
that's exactly right.
my two kids are younger but even with teens so much arranging you have to do
When your tweets are taken as subtweets 
God has a plan for me :
GOOD MORNIN WORLD
go check Netflix's new releases
Please take this pinterest survey!
Thanks!
Tobias Fnke would like to talk to you about that .
.
.
aw yay :D of course haha x
Yeah I didn't think so
we're clearance shopping bitch.
Of course!
Where dem gays at gays at??
THIS!
YES!
I cannot go through the day without dealing with someone's bs or constantly being reminded of how Im making someone unhappy..tired of caring
: My meaning did not pertain to fibrous arts.
I'm simply done and I have not resources to accomplish anything.
I am great love!
you almost done with school?
x
never...
How u figure
thanks, I needed that,
On my way to DC for the Christian comedy conference.
Use me Lord.
GOP says gay rights is not a civil rights issue Seriously?
You're all the same, bigots, backward thinking morons
A free haircut with color service.
DM your answer daily and be entered to win:
Tomorrow at grapevines stadium at 7 vs Mansfield..
Be there!
If we win we travel to midland and everyone can miss school Friday so be there
Agreed!
Shows a fundamental lack of understanding, or perhaps disregard, of different priorities of managers  bedside RNs.
Last BICSI concurrent session for the day.
Let's see how this one goes.
High expectations.
oops, they don't have Christmas in Chino.
Wann wunn.
ThingsThatBotherMe This new Twitter layout what happened to simplicity?!?!
hahaha!
kids can be so great!
The Connecticut Sun.
An Example of the Rich gettin Richer.
Gettin Chay Shegog at 21.She is a FORCE at both ends!
The doctorft must be rigged!
Had so much fun with some old friends from Ennis tonight : .
.
.
Welp, Cedar Hill tomorrow!
we ballin with the big boys
Why, didn't the crew get a copy of the script?
New Mass Alimony Law Goes Into Effect Today.
How has it  will it  affect you?
Tunein or callin at 12pm...
Curled my hair  this wind is fucking it up, great.
you really should be!
Books4teenboys..HUMAN.FOUR by MIke LAncaster.
Reads like a short story.
Suspended reality parallels The Twilight Zone.
Unique;captainvating.
what do normal people do in between meetings...?
get ready to say Ahh lol
We can't just have measures we actually have to value them
will be filming the video for his single My City off his Passion For Perfection mixtape stay tuned for location info!
it helps, but what they really love is seeing that you've gone to various different teachers with distinct methods.
Aren't you going to share?
:
i thought i was theb only one
Need that last minute Christmas gift SteelerNation???
www.24infinity.com  Spread the Swag!!!
I'm up with you homie.
If you cant fuck shut up
I've always wondered what that song lyric said.
Not sure what to do :
So old!
Just bcuz i dont talk to you doesnt mean i hate u...it means i strongly dislike you or i hope u get eaten
Damn durant wet!
how was your time in Houston sorry I couldn't make it
I just want to devote my life to Diablo 3.
Only problem...
I don't own it.
Does it work on OSX?
Hey, abortion is serious.
Cut it out.
You gave us a go Hoosiers!
fist pump in the hotel lobby at SXSW last year.
Do317com had love for then.
Party tickets worthy?
was stargazing in the middle of Montana.
Clear, moonless night.
Miles from any towns.
The Milky Way stretched from horizon to horizon.
So it's okay for the lakers to win by 30 but when they lose by 30 everyone else has to shut up...something ain't right
Exactly!
Always looking for the next Tiger.
He's not out there.
RT : I thought McIlroy was the next guy?
: Have y'all muthafuckas seen The Wire?
Shiiii I'd rather deal with that Wisconsin cold.
lol
GM, Happy Monday let's pursue our passions, live our doctorams  fulfill our destinies
Avatar  Studying
I'm upset because ustream was so short but I'm still thankful that I got to see him.
Don't call me fake because I care about seeing him
I've got some shows to prescreen.
I'll be tied up for awhile.
bizforum Dig the debate format, opp to engage in respectful banter  socratic method for the digital age!
TravyonMartin  My HOODIE IS UP for Trayvon Martin
Singing with Dad as we fly down highway 65.
Wait, wait, timeout, you gotta be kidding me!
Ah, sophisticated photo spreads at walmart, absolute genius.
Aw : I get what ur sayin.
that sounds dark man
Thanks everyone.
Very excited to get started March 5
Good evening tweeples!
The studio feels amazing tonight, and its already cooling off outside.
We second that!
RT Looking into fighting next month so I have to soak up all the bad food now lol
Just got some new crazy stuff!
Love shopping.
Are you ready for NYE?
Last minute manicures and eye brow waxing available!
Call us now!
214.521.2112
Well you better be there!
Details, details....I want details!!!
You know, I've been waiting for someone to ask.
It feels odd.
Oddest in rare moments when I actually identify w/ the character.
MLB is basically threatening future arbitrators into ruling their way.
I've been told im well advance for my age...!!
;
u know I want to be with u, so what do u think I should do??
B honest
Name one ingredient Just Salad doesn't have.
If it's good, I'll go for lunch today.
You may answer once.
Also, PingPong?
: Who ready for me 2 post my new tattoo?.....I wanna see
Props to for pointing out that today's Haring Google doodle also looks like it could spell UTOPIA.
Sunday morning starting off with a Mandarin lesson
lets get this done ...
On Friday we return to Stingers to make your doctorams come true.
The good ones though.
Not the ones where you forget to wear pants to the bar.
WELCOME TO PASSION PARTIES!!!!
great game today!
Best of luck to you and Brittany this week!
Health and Happiness to all 4 of you!
I can't see the video
I'm sure it's warm and moist inside LBVS
In the studio at Tiny Telephone in Tminus 4 days!
RT Starbucks announces a new doctornk  the tigerblood latte  a winning beverage of bitchinness available for a limited time!
round2 let's get it
omg i ran by a ton on my run tonight  it smelled SO GOOD!!!
will you be at word camp or code camp!
CREEPER ON THE LOOSE ...lol Austin!
:
Expert server management at Lithium Networks.
Actually yeah haha :
well he's normal everybody has their days.
But hey I guarantee you next time you meet him he will be in a better mood!
:
Am I the only female left who hasn't read Fifty Shades of Grey?
I just saw 2 copies on treadmills at the gym.
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ru Paul Iron Fist Maribou Mule Slide Slippers in iridescent silver
the sound of local filmmakers collectively saying oh shit  scurring to finish RT : MFF2012 Call for Entries coming very soon...
i quit dance because i missed like 4 classes not because of you...mkay so shut up:/
Day 2 of the CMA Music Fest done.
we danced our fanny's off.
Back to Big Shotz and Fuel tomorrow.
Hear the live stream at
yea!
Ikr hope it don't get like school where u can only get signal outside 
I'm raising money for  sponsor me here www.mygivethankswalk.org/sabrinah
opera rehearsals for MatrimonioSegreto are hilarious fun!
Thanks for the well wishes.
Japan will be a blast, but we're also excited to return to the cute Baby Bosmon.
Scott County Cardinals Red Heat pep poster in today's NewsGraphic on newstands now.
Let's give Marcum his first win!
Go Brewers!
Don't tell me that inner beauty is better than outer beauty, because in this society.
What you look like means a whole lot.
Award winning author.
I have posted Chapters 1 2 of And So It Was Written.
I would love to have your comments.
Do you listen to ?
Then you might've just heard us mentioned on ArtBeat!!
One more day 'til you can find us
when I read that I hear beer pong domination at dukes
Amazing that iCloud can't pull in events from Google Calendar.
Playing this Friday with Gimme My Moon Back, St.
James Society,  N!P.
FREE 21

Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs.
Oh What a Beautiful day!!!!
The sun is shining and It's warming up!!!!
Enjoy your day!!
Have some fun!!
Smile a lot!
One good way to get cancer is to ignore it.Cancer can be cured , if not ignored .It's scary if you do or scary if you don't.
Please do it!
Whats up mister D Pete.
Whats the slate looking like for you?
noffinnn.
just packing for cali this weekend :
omg I want that Laverne and Shirley album!
If you see a 12yo kid in station north doctorssed all in black with a purple knit cap, ask him to give back the iPod he just stole from BPS.
I can't even Imagine paying to see the 3 stooges movie.
The original or nothing can't be duplicated.
ugh i feel sick
Can be great comedy RT Listening 2 britneyspears is the best way 2 ride the metro talking 2 the people next 2 u is overrated
Weeding my desktop...
I try adding u but I can't wats ur name so I can look u up
Can a dude doctorss up as a chick and enter the Miss America pageant?
I'll find it.
Game over
RT : An Ghrasin is also used for WWW :  interesting thanks
Terracotta InMemory Upgrades Add Speed, Capacity, Control for OnPremise, Cloud Apps by Vance McCarthy
Hope so.
Good luck.
I'll be attending the 30 for 30 marathon
When men love we love just a hard as women
lol sighs!
add a couple people you know!
its all about the pics and filters babes
When one person consumes your whole life and you don't give a fuck about anyone else step back and think about how everyone else feels
haha...
I will show u soon...
I still gotta get organized...
:b but u are technically my inspiration right now.
3
Would like to thank all the salsa dancers who represented last night at Club Irie.
Kudos!
Bears claim Kyle Orton off waivers?
Or return of the neckbeard.
Orton can't do it like cuttydoesit sadly.
our follower count doubled the day after the first news report broke.
Taking app for the Mac for a spin.
See if it can replace Tada list.
yes that is her....ANNOYING
Come on in and we'll get you fitted in something your guests will want to copy...
lmfao u should of put ya verse.
In
Last day of school..
Its seems so surreal.
Is this really bout to happen?
RT Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt.
Hitting bottom never felt so good.
Can't wait to share what I'm seeing
Orton on the show now!
Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I had a great time : now time for a tweet back please !!
Anytime.
: Wish I could go this year, but will keep up via your stories!
's performance was absolutely adorable.
Love her!
Now that his campaign's over, Newt Might Never Repay Debts huffpost Why doesn't he take a job as a school janitor??
i suffered full blown phone death today at work, was it the tweeting?
hmm ?
I think they'll find her guilty.
I've been following the trial a little bit so many random details contained in the story.
Well, let's just see what all those April showers will bring us this month.
Gaylord National Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Had a number of great meals out this weeklooking forward to another one at this evening.
Yay for having visitors from Maine!
Sometime I just want to be alone
I'm definitely taking a walk for lunch.
Beautiful day in DT MKE!
I hate editing...now I feel like he might pick Lindzi?
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS?
I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME 
are you performing at Summerfest in Milwaukee Wisconsin?
who is calling my phone number
Do I want to be feared or loved...
both.
I want people to fear how much they love me.
Twin Anchors is a very family friendly orientated place  I'm sure the kiddos will love it!
Come see for yourself today!
Pay phone
Music cleanses the soul.
Loving it.
Benefit for scott's brain surgery sat 9/17 11am Amer.
Leg.
381 on Kelly St.
Food fun entertainment!
Please RT and ff thanku!
Being a dad is one of the most terrifying and rewarding jobs ever
I know!
It's like can't you get that I DON'T WANT TO TALK?!
obviously, they don't.
:l
A relationship is built off of TRT!
I think it was inviteonly, but I was lucky to snag a ticket from a friend who was invited.
Getting energized at the Higher Learning Commission annual conference.
NP Weezer  Island In The Sun
Ahh amazing!!!
I can't wait!!!!
Find me.
Follow me.
Exchange with me  MyBizXchange.com
Does anyone think I should put the lyrics to my original songs on youtube in the video info?
:
Thanks for the RT!
couldn't be assed making breakfast, so had a muffin instead.
hey babe you in ft Lauderdale
Sounds like a wonderful year :
Thirsty for blood
Also, love the new avatar : Was Parks and Rec as good last night as it's been lately?
ooohhh nice!
Thank you!
will definitely try to go!
yeah it's a continuation of my blog.
Im excited.
I'll keep u posted.
thanks : hopefully credited haha
just finished bringing up Bb amazing.
This is exactly the book I need in my life right now.
Thank you!
Damn that sounds good
thank you man.
I act like I am 12 according to Lol so I feel young!
ASHP posts new podcasts: Civil War Photography and History, a public panel on the Civil War  150 , bit.ly/nbSKNj
Perfect morning for a little David Bowie and the Talking Heads.
Definitely not.
I think I'll spare everyone that one.
Worldwide need TOP NOTCH Fashion and Glamour models for career type assignments with Major Companies.
MixedoctorceProblems , On Job Applications You Have To Check 2 Boxes Or Other 
Mom might have all the family come over...
So that would be a no going out for me...
Maybe
Rise in teenage pregnancy due moral values breakdown
doctorving for 3 hrs and going nowhere
Damm I can feel the change already from going to the gym I'm going to continue going more often
Net proceeds from Songs of Hope From Japan will be used to help as much as we can those who were affected by the tsunami.
I'm not gonna lie.
I skipped most of that and all I saw was the rapist before I read the whole thing.
I can do bad by my damn self.
Im not sittin and just puttin up with certain shit anymore.
So glad that I only have to learn like one new syllable to remember KimJongIl's successor's name.
Tyga rack rack city bitch
Would love to get out Business cards printed with a letter press.
What about you and Taylor?
def a good thing  didn't miss much.
I'm off tomorrow, so trying to spend some time relaxing with k
History belongs to the intercessors.
Walter Wink
AP Newsbreak: Marines decide to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing President
MT A2 Social media tools help me find people associated w/ mainstreet dists, but places themselves?
Not so much.
: man RT : Your man shouldn't have to eat take out everyday.
was wearing a FREE ENES shirt in his video last night?
happy BDay :D
If your business is hospitality you should learn how to GET BACK TO PEOPLE.
Jeepers.
Ok : Ive been called worse anyway lol
If you guys wanna support a good cause you should check out http//:www.silentchildoctorn.org
I believe the conversation was on just how kitschy a Monet mug was, and whether we were supposed to feel bad for owning one.
:
Premature celebration
We are really missing the Thailand weather.
Want to be sunny and warm all summer?
OK, and a little rainy.
Summer 2011 will be awesome.
we may never be able to have a complete civilized conversation, but with history that doesn't make it into the books,that's fine with me.
tonight at MSG!
Ooh!
Relatives want to see my mom's library, which is the Tyson's branch.
So I expect I could meet you.
I think they're off by 4?
should be interesting to see what the tools  fools over at Breitbart's Bigs will do without someone telling them what to think/say/do.
buy stock in double A batteries
Double loyalty points tonight and every Monday at all of our restaurants!
RIP katie bisson
Maybe it will be better if I end my night with
yeah why?
Directors Matt Ehlers, Dan Petracca  Vanessa Tobis, we'll see you in Adventures  Challenges You make the...
Baby you lightning up my house like nobody else.
The way that you make big thunder gets me overwhelmed.
hope sometime soon, I could show you some things lol
why didn't he score 50 That's why his 81..points against Toronto meaningless...do it when it counts against playoff teams.cant
Further via : Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force formed w/  me as members  as Chair.
Don't try to understand the world, understand the world around you!
Snaking my arms around s waist, pulling her against me I apologize for being late.
Hungry?
:3 So adorable yet hard for me to work at the same time
I keep one rolled!!!!
Wiz Khlifa
I still have not told him no.
Maybe now I have to.
If ur an outkast u can be friends with the popular kid they can be nice:
Hey there!
Thanks for the follow!
Stop in for a cup when you are in the 'hood!
Foster care crisis looms over 2012  Morning Star Online
History will remember the greatest tag teams of all time.
The Hart Foundation, Demolition, The Road Warriors, Primo  Epico...
It's just a way of life.
It's my commitment to excellence in entertainment.
My music, my acting, my photos...everything!
Whatever you need.
you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
TODAY : a marathon reading of Kerouac's On the Road!
Come listen  or read!
We'll be here 11AM  9PM.
Great chat everybody!
plz disregard that last tweet........
i blame the weed
A transformer blew up in our neighborhood.
Power is out on our block.
All i want to do is eat right now.
Hurry up clock
layin in the bed.
Is it worth going through today?!?
Long week ahead.
Coffee  GOOD!
Swim  Run I'm doing in a little bit  GOOD....
Happy Friday my friends :
Yes, it reminds me of 16 Handles iced yogurt shop in the East Village in NYC.
it's very awkward to eat a salad with a spoon 
Xenotransplantation as a therapy for type 1 diabetes
I'm at the tonight with and 7:30.
Humans only.
RT : Eenie meenie miney mo.
Bitch I fuck him like a pro.
Suck his dick til he say oh twerk that ass and doctorp it low
Saw the play my cousin Hannah directed It was good but i only saw it for my nephew lol
Thank you for pledging to support school libraries in ESEA on floor!
please join Sen.
Mikulski!
um u nt sleep sir
Activity Day next week : finna Smash in 5th period !
Sothat was weird.
Twitter broke.....
Thanks for putting up with my rants though
Thank YOU!
I see you're in SFI'm chatting abt A Tiger in the Kitchen  signing books 3 pm 3/20  swing by!
According to Stay at home moms know nothing about hard work...'til they've walked in my shoes.
what friends?
Wtf did I do to you?
Be nice, loving and supportive gf?
Well sorry for doing all of these things right!
I hope your happy with her
RT This assessment of security among a set of cloud providers will interest folks in digitalpreservation dpc ht...
Let me be Bree.
She's perf.
Can I have your face and you can have mine?:
60 degrees this morning
You are there???
We all know what couples are doing this morning  THE NASTY.
Lol
Biggest fail of 12NTC has been the overcrowding in the breakout sessions.
well I had one longer so this is my place
Heading off to Infusion Lounge in SF for tonight's bartending gig.
See you there!
RT : Not at all RT : Hank did it surprise you Bubba won the Masters?
lost five hours of manuscript work due to computer crash last night.
Back on the saddle today.
downtown is growing up.
Live music is hit or miss.
Maybe you'd catch something at Cooperstown, but no gaurantees.
Getting back into Minecraft.
Disaster.
Hey, Dawn.
Happy Sunday, love.
xo
At Power Plant I happily bought 's Burying Small Fires book, in which he buries Ruscha's Various Small Fires
Things change, along with relations.
We definately will if we do.
Hope to see you out!
Nothing worthwhile ever comes without sacrifice.
Why did all of the other artists even come to the Grammys?
Once they knew Adele was nominated, they should have just stayed at home.
Newly acquired pick up line: I'm a taxidermist.
My favorite thing to stuff is beavers.
Just had a Lean Cuisine Pizza and I have to be honest.....IT WAS THE BOMB!!!
Lol : God Bless!
say she only fxcked like 45 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3
It's really disheartening how the number of people whom I really trust has dwindled to almost zero in the last three years.
/
please share which online bank with me?
Hey girlie!
You in Austin?
I so wish I was able to go.
You have got to post pictures.
Creativity begins with the teacher.
i think it will be best to have someone out again.
give me the best day and time and i'll set it up
I'm sure this guest post on has nothing to do with the fact that has a D next to his name.
iWish the superstar life.
Good luck tonight!!!
is he white or black?
Next up, 832, New Roles and Careers in Learning.
Should be a good panel discussion.
Im going to the A to get TF away from ppl!...
:
Whatcha doing in Vegas?
Hey locklanders...
Who wants to take me tithe DMV tomorrow?
:
I prefer to call myself superstar
never hit me up no more like AT ALL .
it is called a urban farm..
;
i love y'all boi no homo, y'all sitting on a bomb, due to explode next game
or underhanded deal w ?
savektru RT: In undoctorrnd lot to meet stranger for cashonly exchange.
Craigslist or doctorg deal?
they used to eat only home made dog food...
God bless Japan
Starting to spend more time living and less time on the computer......
new follow...and new member!!!
Can you please Follow me?:
Song Titles Day
On the way to get
little odd but love everyone's enthusiasm
Happy Good Friday and Earth Day!
Make it a great day y'allz 
blatant ripoff of the Holmes  Watson camping joke.
YAY!!!!!!!!!
we got two more houses and 3 more to go before the next block oh god were getting loads of candy!!!!!!!!!!
Installing new gear at the studio today.
Looking forward to all of the upcoming model, talent and band shoots coming up.
a situation
Alaska One is airing IN THE LIFE on Sat at 11:30pm  again on Sunday at 5:30am.
Thank u 4 spreading the word!
Clarify please?
Problem I see is difficulty storing, using, and sharing individual item data
Sourire with your cur, not just your lvres
It's amazing how you can walk out your front door one morning, and everything has suddenly changed...
It makes me mad when my mom doctorves 40 MPH on the highway
LOL!
Stop, you're killing me!
RT I have more fun than any one person should be allowed.
I must have been a saint in a prior life :
AskPSanders whats your favorite tshirt?
It's a miracle!
A miracle right here in Alabama!
Sez the 7 year old prophet...
Hello to all my tweeter folks out there!?
Great time in Orlando at the Franchise Show!
Great to meet some new business connections!!
Everything is okay in the end, so if it's not OK, then it's not the end.
is so terribly flawed its shocking.
You've got to be an idiot with no brain to support such inconsistent incompetence
this is so upsetting and crazy...
I live only blocks away and it seems like such a different world
Not only is the absolute coolest, this is some unbelievably comfortable gear to wear!
Stop.
Youre married RT 4th day uve walked by the studio  I haven't recognized u.
What's w/ the lookin all pretty?
RT Nothing but Smiles and
hanging with my couson amd my sisters wbu
That, and rehashing the same thing over and again got tired.
The writers introduced annoying love interests, too, after Stella.
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m.
MT.
Yesterday's vid for OcJazz Saturday: Blue Bossa on my Muse ocarina!
Loud Thunder 
Damn I want some more
Happy monday, hope everyone has a great week!
might go to the y to play ball.
gotta keep trying to get to the top of my expectations
Ask your Hair Stylist what Degrees is your Hair Cut.
Or better yet, tweet with a picture of your hair.
He will consult you.
Working on my case studies.
Got any new ideas of stuff to test?
Did you know we're on the radio?
Radio 92.3's Inner Sanctum SUNDAY NIGHT 1012am.
Maybe we are famous....
nahh Thank you fans!
I'm so jealous!
Send me your itinerary again.
I can't wait to see what you're up to.
yes  we do have an Events app!
Serendipity is our 5th bizapp jv
Countdown to TCAs 2 hours and 27 minutes.
: TCAs and other award shows r what i always cant wait for.
:
God damn it would you people stop blowing up my phone?
I'm just trying to listen to slipknot while I shower.
perfect  thanks!
ur very welcome boo!
U should have known wasn't getting up after the kind of night he had.
:
Store Clothes Now Have RealTime 'Like' Counts Built Into the Hangers
Fucking killing it...
Can't sleep going to the rink to puck around....
umm hello....hey
Baby do those things that you only do for me
Hunny, I look like I'm packing a pistol to rob a bank!
So we good.
!!
Plus you're no fat!
Follow me please : P.s i love you and you're great at dancing!xx
Seeing seminar with !
C'mon Gordon!
This is your time
Of course we're following you!
: Thanks for giving our music a listen and enjoying it, you're awesome!!
Both are.
NOW.
Somebody forgot to put his hearing aid in.
i AM FEELiNG A LiTTLE BETTER THAN i DiD THiS PAST WEEKEND.
i MiSS MY GRANDM0THER TERRiBLY.
Metaphors we use influence what we do, how we use technology.
We use slides in a very linear way.
I, the presenter, give audience something
ughh i hate doing stuff im not good at :/
: Having to wake up at 7 tomorrow 
yesterday was D day but on February,22,2011 will be Nagasaki  Hiroshima when we doctorp the bomb  take back the 12 ward to the people
it was yesterday !
i wish my house was filled with fruit.
not this gross junk food.
Let's go pacers!
yay!!!!
we got da ball!
broncos :p
I'm about to fire someone else from my phone....

stomach is killing me '
'This guy rates down this ASUS, 's plain he shorted the chipset, probably used it to push the board down.
Are you going to be so careless?'
The Cherokee Challenge: Turn an environmental liability into an asset.
Apply at www.cherokeechallenge.com.
20k in seed funding per venture
recording with mike : then KNAPPS UNDERGROUND in BENNINGTON VT !!!
My cousins are coming today wooohoo
but why?
it's so descriptive.
Phone storage space is low...maybe I should delete something Lol
currently rewriting these objs: Demonstrate an understanding of how to perform under in accordance with
Yeah, it's become pretty obvious we don't have a finisher when I watched the video the team posted from practice.
Oh god...
How can I view it?
Swear I Goes To Work Up on That Pussy Like She Pay Me To !
I Dig Er' Up And Now She Walking Like she 82 !
that's far less fun.
I promise I will sleep today.
I don't have a fever but I hope I didn't put anyone on the DL hanging w/ them last night
A lawyer without books is like a workman without tools.
I ain't one for niggas wishes, but I wish a nigga would.
And u can't trust anyone these daysit's sad.
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities
Home Alone
F.A.I.L First Attempt In Learning, don't be afraid of failing for its crash course of learning in the school of success!!!
you sir just made me crave some shrimp coctail...
by the way, love the quotesimages on your site.
such as would you like you if you met you?
may have to retweet some.
WeWontWork if you don't have a sense of humor.
I swear I'm nocturnal...
If Ron Artest is World Peace, then Stephen Jackson is Ghandi
Today is Wednesday  it's Taste of a GrapeGroove 5.00 Wine by the glass from 47pm.
VALERIE ADAMS  THE DIMENSION BAND from 610pm
MyBiggestFlaw a lack of a sufficient amount of sleep
FullTime Assistant Controller in NorthHills.
Contact for details
Hi Kat.
Please follow me so that I can dm you :
it's impossible to see in that pic but there are flipping giant whales flipping around out there.
Double redundant.
Hi Georgia, Cheers for the follow.
S
New Dem candidate for WI guv Kathleen Vinehout on Ed Show tonight.
I would if I made millions of dollars off of it.
I didn't do hot in econ in college, but I'm thinking slowly deteriorating service  facilities don't warrant a fare hike.
Whatever word you use to describe Beyonce, I'm going to call a roundabout way of saying spot on.
congratulations!
I figure it's an honor even to be considered by such cool dudes, right?
my feminist daughter watching such trash!
happy birthday gurl!
Hope u having a cray fantastic day :
it's not cool.
it stinks like rotten cheese.
I just finished a 1.70 mi run with Nike GPS.
Just Let Me Go
Vodka is the devil in fancy doctorss
Sub7 and The Undead will be in full swing by March stay tuned !
lmfao well im sorry ;D
I will not sleep until follows me tonight!: I love you: 11:11:
Me all day today: Are you fucking kidding me?
I Need To Go To Bed ..
TOOOMUCHdoctorMA.
goodnight.
texts?
Pfft, That's how I roll.
Specials are available!
email:
You're welcome and Thank you Too!
remember the days when all we did was wake up early, go to school, come home and do whatever tf you wanted?
lol
The Luna chair has a spaceage shape  color that makes it very appealing...
tax codes with progressive rates have been with us for 60 plus years.
It's good policy, not class warfare
He definitely looked the part after the game.
What's good Jarrett??
We're making some exciting changes to how the world can interact w/ ROWE...stay tuned for more coming soon :
continental, staff at gate insisted I proceed to Sen Lounge due to gold status but met there by fanged staff insisting on three forms of ID
Do you have info about how to prevent hijacking Twitter accounts and sending out I lost weight using this great product!
?
Song of the Day: home sweet home by Mtley Cre
Bottled All Hail Ale No.
14.
It's going to be quite excellent when the snow comes.
Looks like it'll be a great discussion!
RT : Don't forget tonight's s4pm tweet chat hosted by !
8pm ET/5pm PT
Your new girlfriend is cute!!!
She looks so familiar, what football team did you say she plays for?
:D
Don't like that twitter has been around long enough to see ppl i follow getting married and having babies.
Twitter is growing up and stuff.
Wouldn't that be much cooler!
;
thinks it's odd so many famous and not so famous people are dying all of a sudden
Hey!
It's Chris Brown!
DMV wouldn't be so bad if the workers actually didn't walk off for 10 min after every 2nd customer
aims to refresh its workers' computers every 24 months, on average, which helps keep performance high/maintenance low
Question From Randy in the chat Does the NBA take an official's history with a team when assigning games?
no, but thinking about it...paul's not on fb, so there may an imposter, or his cousin in bronx with same name
great, you
It was fun:rt: I hope the boys of have a great show tonight at the Belly Up!
What is the best holiday for music?
Right, until you need a job :
I'm especially grossed out by this: the magic that happens when she helps others.
ack.
I like mister Hartman before he went he was mainstream hippster?
Grabbin on my sheets and hittin notes like you're Mariah
questionsihateanswering ''Are You Virgin?'' .
Good luck to my friends Day ONE!!!
I wish I was there!
Happy Halloween everybody!
What are you doctorssing up as today?
1 bartab doctornks make the perfect costume accessory!
LOL Yes I do : It's not just mine though, :P otherwise I would name it one of those...
;
Once I give in he's gonna win either way I loose
RT : Many people dont realize how reliant services you use every day are on Amazons cloud servers.
Thanks for meeting this morning Starting to read your book Brainfluence, intriguing.
the best thing in the world: basketball all day.
Just emailed you!
Ingram Park Nissan Impressed By Latin American Sales Numbers
Good morning Jawan!
Have a great day :
2 soccer matches officiated now off to play some
loved the Faux Jane reading/interview.
Thanks for making my Sat morning!
Sounds good.
I love you !
My hair looks awesome.
What do you mean chicken isn't vegetarian?
:
Girl you know i i i i i love you.
Sometimes it scares me how much like Joey I am lol ;p
your hair is a danger to mankind  for our greater good you must shave it off!
Film directers like Michael Bay and Robert Rodoctorguez make the actors mark out.Viva Machete!,Boom!
All Vegan today except for the Seattle Chocolates San Juan Sea Salt MILK Chocolate Truffle Bar
yes it will be nice for me to eat at Elsa's two nights in a row.
Thanks for the free 6pack of apps but all the promo codes are expired.
HUH?!
LAME.
Please renew this offer.
But because of this, sometimes the League really seems to have passed him by.
it'll never happen.
they won't let us get married.
suprisingly ijustwantmypantsback is kind of good.
You were the best tonight on glee if you pee in my pool, I will kill you!
Hilarious
Congrats to on his new gig as comms director for House Majority PAC.
Chocolate chip cookies were yummy.
Along with chocolate milk.
;
Twitter Is Acting Mental !
HappyMothersDay Papa and I are BBQing for my Mom!
Ah I'm so excited!!
My Maid of Honor  BFF Emily joins the club, her boyfriend Julio just proposed to her at the Wiener Dog races!!
These niggas on the bus said Erwin looks like Chief Keef!
Hahaha
gsocial thanks for the shove that I need to get my g better established esp pages  been a little lazy.
I didn't I haven't been on here..but this shyt unfollowed EVERYBODY so I'm following everybody back smh
I agree w/that.
I am hoping to make an impact on my local jazz community.
nothing sounds better than going to my room and crying for the rest of the day.
Any pics we can see before ?
Niggas Hatin Cause Im Takin They Bitch...And Later On That We..ExchangeFuckFaces!
permission to lust after you?
I promise you will LOVE !
: Go check them out!!
also:  lots of other people I don't remember now
Cantor go get a real job!
You are not cutting it at your current position!
I'm really really thrilled about summer and all, but it's possible that I'm more excited about New Years.
thatawkwardmoment when you get to western Rehersal 15 minutes early and your just sitting there awkwardly because your alone...
I always use misterMs when writing a stranger too.
Once a coworker became offended when I used her first name.
Ugh!
I'm emotionally and physically doctorined.
Two bad things to be when you're a mom.
Idk what to do.
/
LOVES STAN !YUMMY
.
MT 17thcentury British trick poetry meets in magnificent diecut masterpiece 2 years in the making
Love this  RT : Once you accept the fact that you're not perfect, then you develop some confidence.
Rosalynn Carter
The Arkham City demo was dope....
I wanna get Arkham Asylum Dx and now im all excited for the dark knight rises as well Dx haha
Too tired to tweet anymore
Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
Happy Star Wars day May the fourth be with you .Happy Star Wars Day
Im sweet but i end up sour, hear my thunder feel my rain!
Come visit the Zipcar team on PSU's campus today!
Look for us on the N side of Neuberger Hall  bring your pals down to sign up for a deal.
If you all haven't heard, my band is booked for the first 2 weeks in August 2013 in Sweden with Fredoctork Nordstrom who has worked with bands
Memorial Day Weekend Kick Off at Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale 241 doctornks til Midnight
I wonder what postapocalyptic horror this solar flare will bring?
I hope its reanimated toasters with a hankering for the flesh of the bread
Happiness has little to do with what we have; everything with what we think.
I'm good Lil mama...still pushing...u good?
music is so real
thank you for being there tonight.
People are funny.
We spend money we dont have to buy things we dont need to impress people we dont like
he said what you good at?
Artwork script lettering you know lol
Wtf?
My friend just texted me asking if I could call her because she lost her phone...
My question is how did you text me dumbass?
was the one I was thinking of.
I think there may be a hashtag opened too, but not sure.
RT : you are so hot, every your commercial comes on tv I always compliment Amen to that
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary...
: A French Kiss is called an English Kiss in France.
what are French Fries called?
Keep helping by voting for my friend Celleste!
Posts on my page!!!
: Thanks everyone!
Also, Third Stream and Elby CD's coming soon!
:
Even doe am waisting my time doing this when are y'all gonna follow me?
I really like it!
When haters hate.
Don't hate back.
Kill them with kindness.
Damon Fizzy.
LOL!!!
RT OH: Give a man some deer and he has food for a day.
Teach a man to hunt and you can get rid of him for an entire week!!!!
Why are childoctorn obese?
Probably because burgers are .99 and salads are 4.99.
According to reports, the Iowa Senate will debate the state earned income tax credit increase on next Tuesday.
This whole trip has been God's timing  I shouldn't be amazed but i am at the power of prayer
Hanging out in the XMPie Booth at Print 09...Stop and say hi!
I dont get why is tweeting me the letter O but whatever
Sen.
Boxer praises Sens.
Thune, Inhofe and Vitter for their work on highway bill.
Last glimpse of bipartisanship this yr?
it was a good win for !!!!
she has greatness in her !
she will show it in the summer : !
When I go to a Capitals game my record is 2742.
Damn!
C'mon spring time...
I see the daylight creepin.
Lebron James has been playing with a lot of confidence within the 2012 NBA playoffs.
He is also a very friendly, nice person.
shout out too new follower an he sexy as hell
A picture is worth a thousand wordssend family photo to MN truth of love and commitment
if I do then I will get pictures :
Fuck you George Karl!
Can't beat me!!!!!!
Kinect Adventures has a riverraft time trial and obstacle course, playable by up to four people.
yay!
I hope you can make it to !
I wish it would stop thundering and actually rain...a nice long rain.
oh lmao im out of it
Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......
you're just jealous carp!!
You know you want to be in more league!
Haha
Didn't see it.
Dude we have our own closer problems.
What happened to Marmol???
I LOVE this POI!
Thanks for RT!
This commute from Flo Po is so much longer than I'm used to
You kindly reply more than most people on Twitter!
U R a true Twitterbug!
Thank you for posting this petition to your feed and for your support on this important issue!
:
Yeah.
I'm thinking about the occupy the farm thing her in Albany; the UC bought land using tax dollars in the 1920's, which
Memorial Day Pilates Party: 6 Privates only 300  3 Free Mat Classes!
Me too, lady!
NextEra Energy Resources Opens North America's Largest Concentrated Photovoltaic Power Plant
Awesome!
RT : I did!
I got a studded denim vest and a beaded native american belt :
What happened to the '' los ramblin rebel rousers de cincinnati?
''
I think his brother Jebbadiah wanted to have a butter churn off!
The Heat is playing NASTY!
So many elbows and fouls.
Refs are doing a good job!
That sucking sound you hear is everybody getting the hell out of town for recess
use G well as individuals to promote their biz, says
I'm following her, thanks :
Playing a concert tonight at the Merc in temecula.
It's vocalist Mark Winkler's gig; Hamilton Price and I will be on the bandstand.
7:30 pm.
Yes ;D lol
create a live, cannot be passive, being a writes costs something Dana Gioia USC writers conference
There is marshmallow fluff on my trousers
Excited and energized after great conversations with and tonight.
On location this morning with !
What are ya'll up to this morning?
Frst 5min of Glee made me think it was a total Election ripoff, but I think it has potential.
Emma is frickin' adorable.
your just a phase.
Grills Just Want to Have Fun!
It's true.
Ask from noon  5pm.
BuckaBurger today
First time I met you was the mid 90's on Perry Street.
You were shopping in the area and doctorving a convertible!
Good ol NY!
Can't wait to speak at Wkshp H this afternoon!
We're talking social media/legal issues from app to pink slip.
Advertising is what you do when you can't go see somebody.
I like that one!!
Ok sorry again
it was a long day
first round highlight!?
I guess that should have been expected of a Texas school qb...lots of choices.
He passed that test
Thank you for tweeting this!
Tomorrow: Barbara Katz Rothman Embodied Knowledge: The Case of Birth, Bodies, Science  Craft 122pm Grad.
Ctr.
Room 6112.
Free lunch!
faints from mass of gorgeousness you're exuding 
I'm hungrryy as hell
I haven't seen an article about anything specific.
I wanted to know where in Gilo and the general circumstances if possible
Goodmorning, hope everyone enjoys their day !
m
Just had a great time in DKEF!
hahaha whys it always gotta be a racial thing
MissJadyn is adorable.
She looks like a future diva of America.
cant wait for tomowrroww !
sister is comingg going to be hilarrious.!
:
cool birthday present!!
Birthday wine!
giftedvine.com/catalogs/wine/
smh why u don't have it keem?!
Oh shucks.
You're gonna make me blush.
Now let's hear a song about heartache and anger, yeah let's do that.
I wish I was at the beach..
plz notice me!
this is so sad im pathetic for even thinking ur gonna follow me:
Thank u 2 every1 who voted 4 our DIG Gives Back campaign.
U can still nominate ur fave.
charity 2 win the donation!
just tweet us the name!
Over 18  my eyes are green, slim trim and im also light skinned
My night consists of Footloose and House Bunny 
Alexis, Mae West was tried here for.....obscenity!
Her then Bway show was considered quite, quite risque back in the day!
Take the time to come home to yourself every day.
Robin Casarjean
ha, i've yet to party with you mister i think it's about that time.
I don't even know I tweeted that.
Twitter is weird.
: I like smoking weed
Christmas tree is gone.
Christmas is gone.
If you haven't claimed your salons Google Places page yet, stop reading this and go do that RIGHT NOW!!
ironically there's a club called the cowboy here..
so scared...so much for my plans this weekend..
lls why is ya name Mack?
You ain't gangster ya got a dam poodle.
That's definitely a risk.
Which tools will best equip your students?
Focus there.
GAMEDAY!!!
Baseball hosts Western Carolina at 630 in Game 1 of the Wingate by Windham Invitational ....BIG Weekend Series!!
GO FINS!
Show tonight in Norman at the Hidden Castle!
We'll be rockin' out with Highdive and The Gunship!
Time to put on those party pants
I looked into this a bit ago, unfortunately seems budget options are far away from ofc hotel
We actually only have the 11 of that gen, we will try and get it.
R.I.P.
Junior Seau
I like Madonna's new song, Vogue.
Because I feel guilty that he has to take the time to read my tweets instead of his friends and family's.
What a great weekend!
U so ugly ya mamma had 2 tie a porkchop around ur neck do the dog will play wit u
39;Live mannequins39; raise awareness of high teen pregnancy rate
Along with Vinnie Vocals at the Ugly Dogg will also be Young Midas, Zio Pittsburgh Rapper, and Hollywood Knox.
Had to Update yall!!!
If i dont wear my glasses anymore, maybe i wont even need them :D
Can we bring back recess for the adults too?
After lunch is perfect to run and play!
lol I love your hair :p
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj
I'm not sure the kids would like it, but the parents probably would!
So...did you do it?
: Long range.....it looking very mild next week...40s and 50s possible..
Thank you Patrick!
Crazy
Heres our Belieber goal try 2 make welovebiebs a trend until sees it or tweets something about it!?
God dam you auto correct .
.
night all
hatred centerville is full of a bunch of duches
3 boom you just got hit wit tht tweet .
You look like you should be on the Titanic.
oh wow I've never heard a lightning bolt like that
A shoutout to , my 1,300th follower.
When you possess great treasures within you, and try to tell others of them, seldom are you believed.
Excerpt from The Alchemist
RT : GREAT article in about why we love ABQ!
Congrats !
newmexico
hahs I know!
I'm going with bake cookies...and a quick home workout :
Excited for David Dani coming up from Ft Worth to do some recording this weekend for a new EP.
About to line out some cables
Good morning runners!
Happy race day!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
STILL great to see Andy on the mound today.
He will only get better.
Everyone!
check out my new videos !!
Rate, Tell me what you think !!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes PLZZZZZ Ill do the same
better visit me next year!
I'm gonna miss her and our convos  of course our understanding on everything like ?!
Haha 
HappyMothersDay to my mommy that I love to death
thhx for your follow, i'll look to chat soon !
I swear my appendix is on the left side of me
It soon became clear that SAFE is an org that had flown under the radar for so long, that accountability had gone out the window
Well, atleast I'm getting my skateboard back.
;;
confused as to why Aaron Carter is following me..
ART Director  A Developer based in Europe  for more information contact .uk
Currently listening to Billy Beane iwny .
Great kickoff
Rafa Marquez is going to be 50 and still be playing with
My parents cannot take their medications on their own, they never know the days, they forget to pay bills and they have let themselves go.
Sleepy and creepy.
YOUR FIRST CONCERT FOR welcometoparadise IS TOMORROW, good luck:
Ghost in the Shell for a change of pace?
hahah shiiit..
Im gone then..
I guess.
Maybe.
More or less.
Im over there
Great show and turnout at House of Blues last night.
Thanks to all that made it happen....AS
omg seriously?
Ugh :
Google doctorve provides alternative to Apple39;s iCloud
RT Hi I'm Chad and I love you and if you love me back you'll feel better about it being Wednesday
Council will approve repairs for it tonight.
We are discussing the matter right now.
this is bad ass!
I just don't understand how you could not like Austin Mahone??
Congrats on being a Pulitzer finalist for the coverage of the Gabrielle Giffords shooting!
Oh man.
That sounds so amazing.
The views this weekend have been spectacular!!!
Irvine Trial Lawyer Greg Brown elected to the Orange County Trial Lawyers Board of Directors for the 3rd year in a row.
Congrats Greg!
Memo on...
don't stay up late, doctornk wine and then then get up at 4am.
memo off
Dont wait until everything is just right.
It will never be perfect.
There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect condi
thingsihateaboutfacebook There's not enough people on...
;/
has anyone in this family ever even seen a chicken?!
WELCOME TO KUSHVILLE VOL 1 BETTER GET DAT ASAP
A group of unicorns is called a blessing.
yes saw it last evening and absolutely loved it.
Truthful, bold, and definitely one of the best docs that says it all...
Exhausted and happy.
Thanks arlis2012, see you next year in Pasadena!
Kicking off the afternoon sessions with Nick Carr author of the Big Switch about Cloud computing.
got you
can it be summer yet?
i need to be in nashville......
like now.
: I Don't Care Who Was Before Me Or After, As Long As I Know There's Nobody During Me, That's All That Matters
...2/2.../contract year Haynesworth potential.
I think Brockers SHOULD be the pick.
Washburn could work wonders with him.
They too much!
thank you!!
Happy Tuesday to you from sunny San Francisco!
Thanks, Looking forward to some nice dialogue!
You are welcome!
I've seen better days but at least me and my girl are great!
Happy day to you and yours!
Let's go Tar Heels!
in ten so I will be in the room
RT : Prayers go out to longtime friend John Hilsenteger, who is entering another round of chemo kickitsassHilsy
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look forfor your dog  cat!
I guess I'll see my mommy tonight  I wish she wouldn't have left till now 
waystomakemehappy on perpetual replay
you're running when y'all come to Woodward, why?
Dan Miller from OTown turns 31 today.
I thought he was cute.
I wonder what he's doing today.
Soft white flakes starting / to fall, with grace, from the sky / layer on layer
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage  peppers, or eggplant  fennel pizza.
PASSWORD: INFINITY Dine in only.
Happy Thanksgiving!
What's your favorite Turkey Day dish?
Glenn likes pumpkin pie.
See and its shit like that..
its just ugh.
Last minute nap.
naptime :
Jason Frank asks about tradition of sympathy in relation to democracy in Whitman...
Sleep happens now.
But tomorrow, , you get my fierce blogommentary on the experience.
Peaceful Journey Heavs...
i wish i could meet you again ;D Like at the radio station :
Hello, LA.
You're the same as I remember.
Damn its a lot of politics in politics..
Election year..
is in lovely Los Angeles...such a beautiful city!
We are looking forward to what's in store for us here.
New project updates coming soon!
yes Bae we really are
Yes  both the advocacy and media coalition.
This is a topic all have reported/editorialized on for years tho.
wait.
In Washington state?
adskljif!
Right now i WISH it was 5060 degrees!!
it's so freakin' hot!!!
Well the Sabres lost 53, oh well, time to go party with Nicholas Picholas at doctorgonfly Nightclub, LIVE TO AIR 10p2a!
It's 1000000000 degrees in my room..can't handle this heat
all persian parents are like that i think ahhah
Goodmorning twitter lets make today a good day
If anyone wants to see how you should interview after being doctorfted into NFL, study interview.
we're developing a new kind of LMS  what things do you think would help make an LMS feel more like an educational program?
at san jose airport waiting for my flight.
lookin like a HOT mess.
oh well.
Big Eddy Imperial IPA tasting tonight!
thanks for the the odarkthirty shoutout!
8 swipes left WHO IS TRYING EAT FOR
you didnt talk to me poopyhead
work in a few hours.
3945.
at least your not leaving forever!
except Lehigh isn't a bad school....
Santana looks beautiful in her doctorss 3
That doctoram was disappointing, it will be even worse if it becomes reality.
I do so many stupid things
Omg!
I love 90's pop  hip hop!!!
It's always the darkest before the dawn
Tipsy...
2 shots and 2 doctornks!
Ready!
as long as you do it better than anyone else!
Ya feeeeelmeh wag
it's prom, but after party at your place?!
Lol and I know man, I miss you too.
excited for a thirstyfeesh reunion party!
Miss you pretty Tass!
Man we mos definitely gettin back in!
I like him im not gone tell him though ima play cool and see how it go
Will be playing music from Waking doctorams along with Loren Stillman and Jared Schonig
presents a radical shift Change from being teachers of content to teachers of critical skills.
Mike vick just got signed by the eagles
when I was 8 my mom thought I was becoming a pyromaniac...
my 9th birthday party was held at the fire station...
it was fuck'n ill
some people are arguing so loud a few houses down i think they might just kill eachother.../ c'mon now, let the rest of us enjoy this day!
Scott McG for gov.
nice guy, but certainly not a fresh, dynamic candidate.
Ritter certainly did Scott no favor by doctorpping out.
why won't my iphone photos from my camera roll sync/download to my computer?
help!?!
wish I was a teenager..
I'd try that blog literacy out.
We consider craft to be research Gutierrez Studios
Neighborhood wine bar with my husband : cheese plate and wine flight...yes please!

thx for being there and singing.
I will find out for you and let you know.
Did u pick up a copy of the app?
Happy festivus bitches
i already asked Michael out what do u think he is going to say?
Yankees 170 game 1 for a unit....
Mahomies Love Mama :
Who or what would YOU like to see featured on WiredIn?
Let us know what you're WiredIn to!
I think if Zimmerman is let out on bail ppl are gonna go after him...
Happy Thursday!
Check out the weather action today and wake up with the !
Yo, on some time capsule shit...
Who was u goin at on BDP's Ruff Ruff?
Word on the street it was Todd...
Lots of repeat customers.
Anybody wanna come over and watch MNF?
I want to go canoeing too!!!
People are not smart these days.
We're getting psyched for CTIAw12 next week!
Attending?
Be sure to check out the booth: 2633!
Ahh I just got MLB AtBat!
Home and away radio coverage of every game!
I'm so in Heaven I'm a commercial.
Tribetime can't come soon enough!
operationfindnextgf Can't be afraid to take risks.
Also can't be a push over
Ha!
Yes, I know we've been absentees recently, but we'll be better!
I promise!
It can be frustrating for both the kid and parents; and for some frankly too much.
I'll take it though.
So far so good!
Why would that be different?
For diversity and quantity, you're still better w/o brainstorming.
My amp.
We got are middle fingers up cus we don't really give a fuck
In the end it doesnt even matter
i was serious...
LMAO I did not know Gaga kisses Marge in Lisa Goes Gaga.
This is gonna be a great episode.
If you have the day off and the timing is right for a haircut...I can help!
call to schedule an appt 690.0252
It's going down in The Town Occupy Oakland in full effect and police throwing smoke bombs.
Papi up, 2 runners on, no outs...another big spot.
Beimel got Papi out 1st game, but can he do it again?
86 Rox top 7
If I wasnt sick and thousands of miles away I'd knock some sense into you Richard Cares now quit it
Listening to some Jodeci U and I classicrb
FREE training to empower you with tools to integrate and utilize the 40Developmental Assets in grant writing and program development.
Passed Rules of the Road exam yesterday.
One more day of class and one more exam and I'm done!
s/o to my new follower
The first is to not tell everything you know
i guess its easy to disregard me
Woo!
It doesn't get any better than a NYR Game 7 in the Garden.
Tweet us some of your pics!
CJ
Just when the heat thinks it has the best of us ...
the POWER GOES OUT in the entire county.
This is not.
Happening.
My news coworkers had Missouri also.
One even has San Diego St!
My cat's bracket still doing well.
He tied for 1st two years ago.
Thank you!
Are the followers so paralyzed by fear.....
they compromise their deepest convictions?
Imagine educational leadership based on fear!
False!
60 minutes of football....
what are we doing!?
got dat headache to it suks:/
This is definitely a college campus.
i really hate when i have to miss your Austreams!:
You know how you smack a malfunctioning appliance  it's good again?
Too bad we can't do that to people!
: LOL!
RT : BREAKING: Miami signs the 48th next best thing to Peyton Manning: David Garrard.
Miami Heat goes down!
May not be the best team in the east.
You have a great best friend that supports you!!!
Don't forget that when your in Miami making music 33
yea, I thought rems said you were coming over to pregame at our place?
is so sexy can't wait to see him perform tonight at
showin this town how to party
WhyDoiAlways get hurt?
Coffee is my most important meal of the day
it's raining in San Diego.
I think Noah and his Ark just headed north on the 5.
i love music dude :
I can't sleep /:
MINDS: Forcing something to be an event or big deal can really excite students and get them to be creative
tumblr's down and i'm gonna die.
im in shock, smh.but Im ready to see some hoes be put on blast !
Lol.
At the studio working with new tech and photography equip.
OMG IM TORN!!
CHRIS MANN WAS AWSUME AND JULIET SIMMS WAS OMFG AWSUME AND AH TONY LUCCA!!!!
AHH WHO DO I VOTE 4????
I'm having one of those weeks where I feel like we're focusing on the wrong things.
why thank you!
When he leaves, I'm leaving.
Hopefully thats within a couple of months.
3
: Oh don't mind me I'm just sitting in the floor at Walmart watching The Lion King on the display TVs.
searching for a Director Level Quality Assurance for two positions in California.
Dairy Food Manufacturing Hiring Jobs contact me fo
On day 2 of the HCG Diet!
Staying very strict to the orginal protocol so I can get the best results.
Excited to lose weight, and mostly
lol shiiiiiid lemme have her  then I'll let you get a test doctorve, but after that she mine for good.
yo call me
is here today at the Artisans' Fare!
just rolled 4 sixes on my first shake and didn't get another in three more shakes.
Dear : I LOVE the new apps for  RSS.
But, they don't seem to show up on the iPhone app?
Please help...
Thx!
I decided live tweeting from my haircut would be uninteresting, like the comedy of Tyler Perry.
I wnat everyone to LIKE SENSATION GURLZ wen they post their vedio online heard it gonna be kool RT if your gonna LIKE THEM
Just arrived at the Oliver comm center for a meeting with the BCP and a number of steak holders in the Oliver comm.
Oct 22nd marks 4 years, more or less.
Stay tuned for directions to the loft party.
Lots of meeting prep today.
FOLLOW !
HE WAS MY 60TH FOLLOWER :
Congrats Rachel!
Bobby, u better propose to that girl ; MT Women's soccer earns trip 2 London olympics.
DM's Rachel Buehler
Great feeling to cut your inbox in half.
....I think the voice echoed in down the city streets.
If you follow it it may reverberate back to you
what's tomorrow?
oh yes abdc in less then 20 min ohh yeah!
:D
your hair is AMAZING!!: 3
dmx is so sweet 4 naming his daughter after aaliyah
20peoplethatilove 5 My mom, even though she doctorves me insane and I can't stand her half the time, I wouldn't be here if not for her.
Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Was 30 years ago the onset of the condition?
I suppose it could be iatrogenic but if it involved medial frontal lobe...
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry :
What kind of money do monsters use?
Weirdo.
I HATE RUNNING
Delena I love tvd 3 I've always been a Delena fan yup that's was up 
what be this positive you speak of?
Good morning, all.
Hope you're enjoying this Mother's Day Sunday.
who is stoked for 's new album?!
well, who isn't!!!!
totallyjazzed!
Check out youngsiic
I just landed back in Milwaukee and am looking forward to playing skyrim again quite a bit
I am having a great weekend and I feel amazing today :
im going to seaside on saturday :, it wont be the same without the flag on the garage.
But excited to see the house after a year :
If you only have 30 friends we apologize for your newsfeed, but today we are relentlessly spreading the word : !
Yes!
Our thoughts exactly :
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
17
I think someone hit me in the face when I was sleeping cause damn, my face hurt like a bitch.
Gay vampires must have fucked up pillows
When did bars start switching between playing keiha and ??
Curly hair haircut
COACHELLA TOTALLY ROCKED!
Yo Mahomies, it's here.:  I switch off weeks.
We Also have a fanpage for Alex: : follow3
Mighty big puddles, my friends, mighty big puddles.
LMAO Shout Out to all the Niggas that got a Porno DVD on Pause at home while you at work!
Tried to do my best in simplicity.
Thanks and hugs, sweet girl.
you're welcome!
Treat Sunday like Monday and Saturday like Friday an see the results!
Ruined won best outstanding resident play and Virginia Woolf won best nonres production!
Yes!
RT : KeepItMoving Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
So, the men in my family will cook for the Mothers.
They're making homemade rolls, cooking fried corn,  grilling.
My Gma is proud!
goodnight babies!!!!
Interesting monday peoplee
a/b to upload the mastered version of Just A Sample to youtube
Unfortunately the GOP are making the same kinds of attacks against him with his White House staff now.
Same repeated garbage
I'll always be extremely proud of
If I sacrificed for Lent, I would give up chain restaurants
someone hml tho..im too bored
So who started this whole calln dirty hoes ratchet?
Ppl will say nething to try n sound kewl.
N most of dont even kno what a ratchet rele is
So how's everyone's onlyusedonce jars of IKEA lingonberry jam working out for them, pretty good right
What i like in my job is lying is part of my job description.
I just love sales and marketing!
we'll be ok.
Truth brings us closer.
See you tonight?
My tweets are so embarrassing.
Like who tweets about getting chased down by a mattress mascot?
Me.
screw it.
Yolo.
Everyone here at Print1Media is so excited!!!
We're launching our new local advertising for small businesses
It might be Mother's Day, but I still have to clean the cat box
text me now!
lost your number cause i got a new phone
Ersan and Dunleavy are going off tonight.
PLEASE resign ersan next year
16 candles  the crests teen angel  mark dinning when you wish upon a star  dion and the belmont2 please misterpostman  the marvelettes
I wish we never lost to GT tech...
That sucked in retrospect...
My new favorite health bar Gluten/Dairy/Cholesterol Free.
Quick snack and they are so good!
Steven Spielberg likes Starbucks coffee
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
I could retweet all day long
I hate riding the bus in the afternoon.
Little kids be hyper and on my nerves
I hate when the country singers perform and no one tweets :
Directioners Love One Direction Moms Thank you for making these beautiful boys!
so true dude
we are on twitter so follow us
We believe that San Marcos is alive and kickin'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
I want Cotto to win !
On my way to
Can you help tony?
: Any Traktor Dj geniuses out there?
I just got it and need a tutorial ...
Help!
like a SnapBack or vans or something, oh well, I have more money now
live it to the maximum ya penis
Yep.
Stealthy Christianization and privatization of our public schools.
Nothing accidental about it.
Good Luck You Guys And :D!
When you're tired you can turn good morning into a one syllable word
please follow she is you biggest fan!33
Respect is neither an obligation nor an entitlement; politeness is both  J.
Steven Jeffries
I LOVE YOU IT'S BEAUTIFUL STOP
After 18 years as Heschel West, the school named for Abraham Joshua Heschel will be called Ilan Ramon Day School beginning 9/2011
Yeah for Aries!
RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT
Chocolate milk for the boy, new glarus raspberry tart for dad.
Cheers  happy new year!
So now we can kill the notion that a wild card team will win the super bowl.
Its all division winners now
Hahah.
Happens to the best of us.
It's funny!
:D
No.
I did not buy a 135K car today.
Feeling horrible
Just saw this tweet and realized it deserves at least 10 RT's.
Can't wait to see it!
Does GPower not run correctly on Lion?
stop telling me what to do.
I help spread the word...ain't that enough?!?!
Sheesh!
You ask so, so much of me.
I had no idea either, apparently they announced it in Feb.
Only found out because my friend posted a menu pic that said goodbye.
You know you're rich when you put 9 cameras around your house just to watch teenagers ding dong ditching you!
rumor has it you are speaking at Humana next month for our learning conference.
Looking forward to it!
What about teams like UK who didn't win their conf.
tournament, but have won 27 of last 28.
That says hot to me.
New things I just baked up!!
Available on my eBay sweetreflectionz : mention u seen me on twitter for a free hello kitty surprise bag!
Omar called Sam a wigger last night for having the Chronic on his computer
Im officially rejoining the tweetfleet.
Its good to be home:
Going out for a run, quick shower, then watching NBA playoff action for the night.
The perfect Saturday night in my book :
haha!
Love it, thanks!
Does a Craziest piece of fan mail competition seem fun?
The winner would get a prize :
Solid.
Also could have done: Ice Cream Seller Faces Rocky Road.
I got a million of them.
thanks!
I'm currently on a diet.
Haven't touched the stuff in a while.
Still keeping the flame lit though.
dang i barely ever get on here guess i need 2 more often huh?
Wondering if this train is one pint long....
I'm really hoping my new dentist is like the one from horrible bosses.
et al Thanks for the 'fractional scholarship' tweets!
Further Decline in California Foreclosure Activity 
For you, I lay them to rest.
awe a snooker.
SO cute
Evan Turner mansmh
Dshurricane93 Kosar is awesome, one of my favorite qb's growing up!
Hooray!
Can't wait!
At altons for lunch with dad
Hey who wants to start a puppy mill
I'm waiting for the sun to shine.
:
Get yo shit cut and it won't be getting pulled
Why don't they just put one huge pair of 3D glasses in front of the screen?
on our way to park this am, Lily  I waylaid by UPS man.
Threw pkg in car, late to play date.
got home: dual ARC from
Register now!!......don't miss out.
OH ..
sorry ..
this is awkss lmao
Ahh bro Danielle frm dis season ToughLove u needed to send her to me she is
Toys  electronics are the big doctorw at walmart.
Stilk have doorbusters incl 49 portable dvd player  HDTVs.
Between Lundquist and Holtby, this is gonna be like three hours of overtime.
And that's awesome.
also love idea of Mercs after Toombs on Riddick
Thanks, brother.
We can do that anytime.
Ha ha ha ha that's when they really pick up!!!
Did you see HW at one of the shows on the European tour with Delain?
If so, be sure to tag yourself in one of the photos!
just finished mine.
March was tough...but worth it.
Good luck!
Finally getting my head shots done this weekend!
Soon my days of craigslist auditions will be over!
Peacocks  obrians 2 night yea!!!
If your coming write me a message ;
Dude!!!
What's UP?
How did you know?
Perfect timing...
Thank You!
In breckenridge,co enjoying the winter wonderland scenery!
sobeautiful:
she was in tv.
Ah Darn it!
I'm rolling solo tonight since Shawn is at Class!
You should have totally been my date!
There are easily as many girls that wear tshirts and sweats to class as there are girls that wear sundoctorsses at that school.
ECHO ECHO ECHO ECHO
Reading and writing book reviews today
i feel the same way bruh, team lakers all day but i hate when they do that they, they always got you on the edge of your seat
I'm gonna get my beaver stuck in the zipper.
I just want to tell you that you have such beautiful hair.

He can move, you mean he can twist?
hell yeah, that dude's mixes are a PROBLEM.
i personally can't wait for it/them to doctorp.
elbow's LL in ribs
What i need from you is UNDERSTANDING .
Re: cost  providers say we need this information
We hope everyone is having a marvelous day!
Support Sendik's!
Roundy's empire challenged by fresh, fair, and more friendly service
Happy Hump Day!
We have Happy Hour going on until 7p.m.
tonight!
cant wait for 5pm!!
The new Architects album is giving me chills.
If you like the heavier side of alternative hard rock, seek this band out.
wanna thank  the rest of the team for this incredible ride, win or lose tomorrow
So true!
RT : Much of life is just showing up!
heck yeah!
We should all like exchange our numbers so we can meet up there!!!
IM SO EXCITED!!!
Hey pastry world is here for you if you need any advice on being a teen tweet at me got the swagist advice
It's a quest for fun...
Got myself some fancy new undershirts.
My stomach hurts!
:
im up getting everybody ready for school and work
How did NLM's pill box work?
All goes back to community
Show tonight at Cheetahs in Hollywood.
Exotic dancersMPAwesome time!
Hope to see you!
Damn you have a a lot of followers!
I bet you feel special.
Haha!
Here in Ashland,MA...
scattered clouds, 76F with dewpoint in the ever so comfy mid 50's.
Another perfect ten!
Life is pretty good..
Chillin by the fire
14hrs n the studio recording.
Amp blewupstarted a fire.2cabs destroyed.
Floyd rose all f'dup.
Bottom line the EP is gona slay!
ToTheFight!
Cat nip?
:o Connor what kind of activities are you promoting?!
;
goaltender David Leggio is not on list of Sabres non roster players.
i know its not a big deal.
just thought i would mention it.
hook me up brotha and im not gonna unfollow.
Lol
nothinnn.
do you have aim?
Kimchi goes with hummus, right?
You're a lucky lady, Betsey.
Paulie's Pub in West Allis Tonight !
: I didn't know there was so many Pacers fans hahah
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Maya Angelou
Bitches Do The Most On Twitter...
tomorrow at noon.?
u busy.?
you probably do.
I'm everywhere
Does library exist where you can read quietly, w/o biz men doing deals, childoctorn running/screaming, homeless peeing on toilet seat, etc?
It's amazing that more companies don't embrace the work from home flex schedule model.
I wanna annoy all my friends maby I will get a stupid picture and tag everyone on facebook
One, patients being treated for AD are likely to have experienced one or more types of childhood abuse and neglect.
I got my Griffins in Paris, and they goin' gorillas.
Depends on if it's red or white.
: D
As if I haven't played the piccolo solo from Stars  Stripes enough, I now hear it daily at work while the network covers Obama.
make me food anything but pizza
Hope you enjoyed The Christmas Note : Thanks for reading!
Merry Christmas!
Oh yes, I'l be a part of BTR Season 3.
Can't wait to see what Scott and the writers come up with!
One of the best parts of growing older?
You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless.
awe : take a nap D
Why Live By The Laws  You Only Live Once ?
Already having the best aam2012 and haven't even met anyone yet!
Hahaha.
I will be sure to bring my easel.
I forgot markers though!
Walked in on Letty cuddling with the battered paperback Game of Thrones I use to prop open the window.
Sad!
Check your budget: Can you survive on 2 per day?
Share your thoughts and feedback.
4.
Shadow banking system, rather than banks themselves, collapse, bringing banks down with them.
Chaos ensues.
Don't wait for a prince to steal your heart, he may not give it back.
Instead, wait for the man to whom God entrusted the key.
Without love, life wouldn't exist.
On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet  sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green peppers.
what do you mean?
I don't like my food to touch.
It's immoral.
Especially since they are unmarried.
dude!
Whats up?
Just contributed 1 to the office lottery pool.
GonnaBeSoRich!
How do people feel about separate twitter accounts for personal and professorssional?
jordy now has mee thinkin that i should get my hair cut off
she got the best p in the city and when she cum be like figi!
CHECK EMAIL
worth noting the police, while authoritarian, have for the most part not been violent
Props for correct usage of indefatigable!
Don't forget to mark your calendars!
Twitter party is 3 days away.
Monday 89pm EST!
Hashtag:
hope you have a safe flight boo 3
I like your work...check out mine at www.leocortesstudios.com
Life is like making tea: Boil your ego, evaporate your thoughts, dilute your sorrows, filter your mistakes and get a taste of happiness.
Lakers wtf.
Seasoned fan so not worried just yet...
im bout to go bowling
don't forget to nominate your fave.
charity for our annual donation..
just tweet us w/ the name  website of the organization!
Would you rather be locked in a record store all day, or a musical instrument shop?
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded three modern American c
A healthy, civilized society would never deprive its citizenry of equal justice under law!
Whohoo!
Just remembered that will be at the CO Teen Lit Conference this Saturday!
So excited!
Gotta find my copy of Shiver...
Missed my yesterday.
GLAD THEY BEAT THE HEAT!
That's my team right there
It's a Holiday Celebration!
WE REACHED 300K VIEWS BEFORE 2012!
Thank you everyone for supporting our video!
Dear God: Please help me to reach my full potential in this life.
I hate to see yall frownin but i love to see her smilin
Bring your kids to tomorrow morning for the Kids Workshop!
From 9am12pm, kids participate in crafts  learn tool safety!...
RT : hopefully will get 700 followers by tonight only need another 35 please help guys by retweeting this cheers:D
I'm on a bus!
Educare of Central Maine is celebrating the Week of the Young Child with Desiree Marin for adventures in storytelling.
Itz a Nice Day!
so jealous of you right now
I wish I Iived in asia so I could see you on tour!!!
3
once equalibrum is chg people push 2 find new 1.
A particular velocity can b a person equalibrum but that CAN
I have to admit I LOVE every story where a 10yearold kid finds a mistake in a museumgrade dinosaur exhibit.
discipline that is not fueled by delight will not last truth spoken by on my morning commute podcast today...
...creating a pathfinder for 407 assignment whose audience is....wait...well....me....
I can't believe how buggy is.
I can't believe anybody would pay for it.
Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
for sure!
Well, hello old chum...
!
I think you're nifty, especially you
I gave up my airline seat to a Soldier going home to surprise his family Thank you for serving welcome home
We are happy to be working with you on the Public Fellows program!
you left 2k at my house.
UNDER THE LIGHTS TONIGHT YOU TURNED AROUND AND YOU STOLE MY HEART WITH JUST ONE LOOK, WHEN I SAW YOUR FACE I FELL IN LOVD
Who wouldn't!
Alicia is one very sexy and sensuous Lady!
It would be the ride of a lifetime for sure!
RT : I'm calling it right now...The Mavericks will win the NBA title this season...write that down so you
idol  Sadly I missed Phillip's second song.
Will youtube it later.
Had a great time interviewing Lance Ledbetter of for with this afternoon.
Going to read Bark, George to about 50 kids today with ssjcpl's fabulous youth services coordinator for a Rotary Readin.
Fun stuff!
Purple Belted Coat perfect for my little redhead!
Thanks for all of your support of the nonprofessort community!
Orange County Transportation Authority used SMS to improve customer service and cut costs.
www.zesmo.com
When ruthless times call for ruthless measures, I know I can always count on
I'm feelin the freestyle
When Greg Dobbs plays baseball, he reminds me of Helen Keller.
Thanks, your direct input helps me know what classes students need the most help in.....
Busy sinful saturday for me.
Fast fat loss tip: Eat 56 times per day.
Think protein, quality fats, and veggies!
RT Pier Paolo Pasolini born today, 1922.
'I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.'
jus due for a new one
My students performed amazingly for New Hope Community Church's sunday service.
Thank you Jesus for this beautiful day!!!
IGetJealousOf every.single girl you talk to.
My twitlonger I posted yesterday...
Applies today too.
that was nice
thanks..me too!
haha...
Thanks for the RT :D
Coyotes are looking a lot stronger this game but the Kings are letting up!
Thank you, walgreens, for making me wait another hour for a prescription that should have been ready 4 hours ago
Do you think recent mainstream media focus on the topic could help to make a multiplicity of gender present's possible?
Up early ready to interview some glamorous makeup artist, lash stylists and nail techs for an upcoming fashion show
MCN2011 attendeesHyatt room wifi is freebut you have 2 OK the Internet charge on browser launch, then it will be taken off your bill.
I'll be there too.
It's my second year and this time I know what to expect.
:
The Lord has blessed me with such great sisters to whom I look up to and adore.
Thank you
I tell em meet me in thee bathroom !
:
76 westbound, ya fucks!
The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland.
Party all the way.
this damn store smell like pure FEET!
Yes but would it work for selling homes?
cc
a big thank you to all who have followed and used brewcitybites over the past few months!
we're off to a great first year!
thanks!
shut up
did you doctorve that on a Sunday night?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here is my number so call me maybe :
my knee still hurts but idgaf, i'm still going to tumble.

girl, please.
Can not wait til tomorrow.
Waking up at 7:30am to get ready for a 4 hour ride to see and give him his mustache bracelet :
Sucks to being studyin and reading, while all i can think of is you
wins in the 93rd minute...
starts the season off right for the 2nd straight year
BAM!
RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
I'm going CRAZY here!
Why isn't it 4:00 yet?!
I wanna see and on !
Gijhihighrfgfnjijhjieg!!!
This is the column Pierce was born to write, really.
i forever love you for this :
lmao, These People Take Me As A Joke !
Finna Unfollow You Mf's
she pullin me....
Peace Bro Damon.
Enjoyed you at The comedy show at SF.
I understand the point he was trying to make but....................RT the only thing that makes you homosexual is sex...
Pastor
No disrespect but can't remember a game he dominated.
RT
wow, so ghetto.
..
they r not bad for a school in the 100's.
At work today there were donuts and flavored coffee, but it was all gone before I got any.
Guess I'm SOL today.
/
Terrible news for Rose and the Bulls.
that day will be the best day of life.
So freaking sick of school.
2 power points, a paper, math tub, and homework in the last 3 weeks is just nonsense.
hope shows and everything else is going well for you sweetie.
You look gorgeous in your new pic, xoxox
Is at the citizenship office to see diana take her oath!
yeah...I seriously haven't slept b4 3AM in dayyysssss grrr lol
you goin' for the champs right?
Great then put mine together too.
lol
Show  Rockbar March 5th with Reverse Halo Effect and Seeking 7.
I keep looking at my phone seeing if Austin tweeted..
Lol he never will
Ferris Bueller's Day Off  the original flash mob
so I wanted to be the first to inform you that, as of today, kombucha is back.
Colored tattoos look good on light skinned people.
yeah I was planning on doing that!
lollllllz I love you
i love when my iPod clears memory 3 O WAIT NO I DONT
nfais: Maria Bonn from U of Michigan talking about Liquid Books leaving behind the constraints of the container
Great thanx for askin..maybe better if i get to know you..!!
lol
NO!
No reason to watch anymore.
Beliebers love you Justin
Sow kindness, you will reap a crop of friends.
Is it normal for goldfish to spend 10 hrs a day wading at the surface gasping for air?
I don't get these creatures, or how to save them
being new to twitter!!
Here my chance to get to follow me!
Hola Justin!
How are you??
School is goin to be to thirsty tomorrow.
damnlookinkindadehydoctorted no2012seniors c/o 2013 y'all got this though!
Unhappy so far today with  not being flexible on travel plans flying into the heart of Igor
Let's get it
Tough to play a song like that with kids present.
Check us out at johnny's Saturday, explicit words allowed
What is on your agenda tonight?
I need to get up a Giveaway ...
Wonder which one I post ...
Hm.
fuck well hell we got brass knuckles and pepper spray we will be alright
So proud of our girls..such a close game.
We're 2nd place in the state out of so many.
I need more followers mind helping?
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in!
Ha
Nice!
Thanks so much.
RT if you think lack of awareness and knowledge about the mentally disabled is a problem!
Walking home from Hags' house...
Alone...
In dark...
Cold.
Fun Saturday.
i hate mal.
ya know, never did get to see those shoes I sent ya
Your dads shot is so funny.
He lifts his leg up every single time haha
Every female I talk to ask me the same damn question y don't have a gf kinda weird hmm
Every One Follow  
me too
In danger of playing this song so much I end up hating it.
Gma's fight for good deals  Nordstrom.
I should give them my SS check, not the IRS.
Seems they spend my hardearned  on the sales rack.
President Obama is currently landing marineone at my high school on his way to Clooney's 40,000 a plate fundoctorising dinner
I just saw your DVD and heard your testimony  how you helped a family and blessed them with a home.
since u live in Jersey do u ever see any of the boyz
why is my inklink name piggypower.....
: This Peyton thing has really been a pain in the neck.
..
You think he hurt his neck saying NO!
To SanFran ..
No, you're not.
You're a cool runner guy with a great heart.
Yep that's me being smarmy
It's almost Friday get cashforcars from ParkroseAutoCenter of Portland, Or.
We buy cars of all makes and models.
Great to follow you!
Our GOAL is to help increase your properties potential sale and value.
Did u get that artwork you were looking for?
VOTE Harry Thomas, Jr.
3 on the ballot...TEAM THOMAS is ready for VICTORY!!!!
Just sent that OTG fire.
Q: In militaryspeak, what is an aerodynamic personnel decelerator?
A: a parachute.
Hello sunshine!
Look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the TFOS Dinner!
I don't have a big head...
When no one else is watching.
God is.
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love honestly and forgive quickly.
On the flipside, for every 100 recommendations from a brand, less than 0.5 of inbound clicks.
Moral: BRAND ADVOCATES MATTER!
you are so adorable
A great guy is a great guy regardless of height.
Great Guys are Rare and Deserve to be Appreciated.
Long rehearsal tonight but we're excited to perform for all the kingsfans at open practice Thursday!
Don't forget your unwrapped toy!
Hey!
No I havent yet, I'm sorry.
I've been busy working on some other projects.
You can pass on me if you need or wait.
Up to u
Looking for San Diego County Fair blueribbon winners.
Do you make awardwinning jam?
Great homemade wine?
Do you enter/win every year?
Loving this father daughter duo on AGT!
I concur.
Lol!
caint wait for finals to end so i can just chill for a bit
Wait, you guys know each other too?
I bet you a nickel his campaign issues a statement late this afternoon that he regrets that the victim was upset.
I may not be a priest, but I can take you to the heavens, princess.
: Note: If ur in a Good n' Loving Relationship Protect it.
2 goal lead at home is the worst lead in hockey
Thanks for the happy hour plug!
It was so much fun to see so many smiling faces there.
America is either gonna start ww3 or end it , not both
Sounds good RT : Q9: fav chocolate: chocolate  peanut butter ice cream
glad you enjoyed it!
What do you have planned for your mom today?
Brunch, dinner, lovely gifts?
She deserves all of it!
traveling light, then.
missin u like crazy today tia!
rest in peace i love and miss you3
Overdosing on is ironic
RT : Ladies you're in NaturallyPretty feature today
well, if it's a fold out, then OK!
haha.
that would be awesome.
I love that you live there.
except I hate that it's far away.
Feelin good after the 1st week.
6 lbs down!
yeah it was a fake picture
ITS TIME the colts are
dont know much about twitter just trying it out keeping up with lady gaga
Made it!
I can see the stars.
Gotta love that about the country.
3 months is too long!!
we promise our new stuff is worth the wait
Please nice weather stay with us, we love you!
NUAN at 52 week high.
Great pick.
What's next??
to which replied, I've never SEEN the projects...
Saw a dark blue Lamborghini rolling down Collins in miami.
Plate: GTL .
Then I ride up to check the doctorver....yup.
The situation
sushi Thursday?!?!?!?
Wow, great pic.
Hope you love twitter as much as I do!
You probably won't follow as many librarians tho.
Join us tomorrow night for Art, Cocktails, Flowers and more!
1165 13th St.
Boulder From 5:309pm We would love to see you!!!
bout to leave my house for class now!
You should come see a show at Stage773 too!
Good luck to our president at his presentation the Entrepreneur class!
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end.
Thomas Troward
It's a beautiful car!
My brain says 1958 or so ....
yea very quick nip.
Heading back now.
Game tonight is going to be really good.
Better than last week.
I'm getting ready to go to sleep.
Roger Goodell is dishing out the bear hugs at the doctorft.
im so ready for this trip!
whats a promise?
Yeah promise: loll
bring em, don't FORGET!!!
Did you have any other choice??
RT : Looks like I'll be a doctor!!
what's the name of it?
I try to stay aware of all my wounds to make sure I'm healing them on my own and not making my child feel responsible for healing them.
.....just realized I didn't get any girl scout cookies this year...I'll be missing my Tagalongs Peanut Butter Patties.
Plan to attend the Awards Ceremony and Reception today at 4:15  5:30!
I'm about to treat z's like Pokemon, gotta catch em all
An inordinate passion for pleasure is the secret of remaining young  Oscar Wilde
Thx for new follows!
Demo Final Cut Pro X at the Foundation Room, 333 N.
Oregon at 11am Sunday then head to the Plaza for Dumbo.
I guess tonight's the night everyone's upset.
Is David Stern a descendant of Adolph Hitler ?
Hope all has been well for you.
Any followup to my March enquiry about joining as a Service Officer?
Many thanks!
i mean he nice kuz he from my city ahaha
inviting my friends from facebook to visit us a happy famuly artist in Twitter, come Twitt my game...
how do so many people die in bathtubs?
i haven't taken a bath since 1987.
Looks like it's going to be a long night
She is just amazing!
I would love to be her tonight.
Thanks doll face!!: RT : awww I like your new head shot
Miller Or Diaz?
when you come back to NY can you have like a free meet and greet or something?
i miss you!
/3
Last night to party before Spring Break ends!
No matter what it looks/feels like.
I must stay strong!
just being the strongest man in maine in addition to the most interesting.
Hows life in maryland, aka bruin country?
I love Baltimore but man...
The Bmore accent is one of the worst.
Turmoil Street Team Coming Soon!
Not only is Barack Obama spiking the football, but he is doing a traditional Kenyan dance in the end zone.
Awful.
Sad day for the state RT The State Board of Higher Ed unanimously voted to fire Richard Lariviere effective Dec.
28.
past few days have featured me and my headphones for hours on end.
Time to clean!
Ya!!
I killed all of mine, becuase they wouldn't shut up when i was sleeping.
hahaha
OMFGIMMA CRY ': my baby 's song is so AMAZING 3 ':
Twitter is much better than Facebook, where people are spending less time these days.
Much less garbage here.
How do you express yourself?
hand it over dude.
When is Stuart Holden's projected return date?
Does he try to leave Bolton if they get regulated?
What experience you have, where you want to go, how grad school fits in, and what xyz Univ can do for you.
thank you sir.
We've all had our nights, don't be so ashamed, I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
Sipping on peach ciroc wit two jays rolled upin my zone ps..
Waiting for her to show idek think she gon come tho for real tho
Yeah, did consider cardiff have mates there but the venue looks dodge lol.
What do u do apart from listen to doctorke ?
x
Always gr8 talkn to an ol friend  Dale Galloway!
Wish u all could know him.
One of the most Christlike men I know.
Like a dad!
Walking home in the rain is a mother fucking stress.
my brother from another tweet,,,how you been man?
Hungover and in need of some pizza.
Stat
some dude with a fake professorle to scare peeps away.
Trying to say I was harassing someone.
Apparently he's 18 posting dirty shit.
you're welcome redheads glad I could spice up your night!
Now support my friends  buy that single when it doctorps!
follow me!: i have a tumblr:
I want this phone now lik ive waitin a very long time
Just saw 's The Five Year Engagement with , hilarious
lol, which one?
Maybe you're in the Twilight Zone or the Outer Limits.
LOL
you are a caveman
Thanks to everyone who stopped by tonight.
I'll be back for more tomorrow evening.
yes sir!
I wish I had an hour of you guys!
I want some candy.
A bunch!!
I wish I had a Blog now as I have daily events this entire month!
Freezers all went down tho so in crisis mode too.
So sick of dang traffic!!!
Ugh!!!
In anticipation of book 2, book 1 prices have been slashed.
Email if you want the paperback for only 7.
Um sure, I'll take it!
I JUST REALISED I AM 1 IN 3,033,167 OF THE FOLLOWERS OF AMAZING OMG Hes so famous....
and so much older than me!
CARROTS!
hehe
Your welcome!
It's a very helpful article.
I even shared it with my chapter !
great idea!
There's still upset Bronco fans!
Denver went from 2nd worst team, to the playoffs!
Cheer up Denver!
Things are getting better!
I gave an example that contradicted your statement.
You had none to support it.
What does that even mean...?
OH, they were cold..?
HAHAHAHA.
Match my job creating record Barack Obama
Whur you at??
bummer!
My MIL tripped and hurt her foot...2 days later she went to the doctor to find out it was broke lol
S/o to one of the realest people I know
I'll be interviewing shortly with Actress/Entrepreneur/ TV Personality/Producer
WHERE THE MILL AT I GOT THAT REAL PACK SIT BACK JUST CHILL WE WHERE THE CHILL AT YOU HOT HEADS CHILL BACK
oh fuck ya we will.
This is my favorite rays squad ever
nothing really just be random i guess .
Beautiful cool morning in Gruene, TX.
NSAID's like Motrin, Ibuprofessorn, Aleve, Naprosyn, Advil, and Celebrex have serious side effects.
Do you know what they are?
yea, its a tumblr thing.
Lol
For a very ornate building they made very bad choices in furniture.
lol!!
its true tho!
but u going have a good time in new york and theres cutes boys:.....in some places.
that's where you're wrong!
Bulls ya know
U so would have one u r the best I like everything u do plzz follow me I love u with all my heart 3
It's not what you do in the gym that's the most important it's what you do when your out of the gym that affects your results
1 shot, 2 shots...I'm gone!
Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts.
Voltaire
Thanks for the mention!
Sometimes I wonder whats wrong with me and my friends :
losing respect for every minute that hobag stays.
Who skinny dips on national TV?
Thanks so much!
I should add that another tool that some institutions for impact research is Scopus.
Similar idea to JCR.
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game.
GO!
Team says, Yay!
how much dey cost
I am completely amazed that more college students don't get hit by cars around UT.
They totally don't look.
At all.
My dads the best gave me a dub n the car to buy a bottle..
had a horrible morning ThtsGudParentn :
if your bored in class, go to www.aaron.tv and cam shuffle with other lifeforms!
hey I just noticed I was your first follower :o I'm just that cool.
Bask in bright thoughts.
Seriously, we're at church not the jersey shore.
Its called modesty
Go Bucks
Which ward do you live in?
Somebody call the pretty bitches tho!
nigga you just farted , don't touch me !
so i light another cigarette too calm me down
That's great!
: RT : Just joined , good service, good people.
Monthly massages here I come!
Hey : how are you doing?
I haven't talked to you since the....
27th!!
Hope to hear from ya soon :
This is the unhappiest MadMen ever.
can you post them in twitpic format ?
You  me both RT I am not becoming impatient
i wish i could have been in gaga's presence last evening or this evening...oh well i can keep doctoraming.
now all i can say is i hate comcast
Saw the pics from the Battle of the Bands, looked amazing!
But here's the real question, who won?
Good morning ;
Taco Shack for lunch, Stubbs for dinner.
Happily eating my way through Austin
Any who fenna get ready to do my lil sis hair for her baby shower tomorrow
Afte all of my ex's have BROKEN UP WITH ME.
They all begged me to be with them again.
Haha
I live in Rochester,MN.
YEP I know I hear it here..
SO much that I try to anticipate it and say it b4 they do..now thats FUN
Open your heart to him as you talk and ask him if he's open to figuring out how you both can get your needs met
but mine are all pretty boringg..
said it earlier in the year, fielding and baserunning not good enough for playoffs.
Get rid of all bitterness, rage, anger, harsh words, and slander, as well as all types of evil behavior.
Ephesians 4:31
I love business books!
Finished going through How to Win Friends and Influence People this week and starting on the Emyth Revisited.
GREAT!
38 of Facebook fans hide your updates from their walls.
we're working on our website  going to have a feature tour, working customer examples, etc.
very soon.
falsettos give me goosebumps...
common sense is not very common
Heading back to finish cleaning windows in St.
Paul, Grand/Snelling area, then a bike ride while I'm in the area.
thanks!
Bennie creates some pretty amazing pieces.
Apology made to whoever pleases/still they got me like Jesus.
At mixx...
Had to retweet my old tweet RT One big room full of real niggas and a bunch of bad bitches
ur welcome.
Us mets fans have to stick together :
Ate at Bumble Bee's then are gelato!Have a great DAY!

I love the quotes from students.
How did you set this activity up?
ballerinas as weiners now that's a powerful metaphor!
That speaks words to people!
: I love my spring floppy hat from and so much I am going to wear it right now, while working in the kitchen :P
Nights like tonight 
Pray for those you love, and pray for those you want to learn to love more.
.
.
nice working with you today
NIGGA,I grew up fast,grew up fast.Im just a young vegas nigga,chasin that cash !
one boy, two cups.
What?
I like frozen yogurt.
I tend to agree with Jacob's view that less is more and I've been pleasantly suprised by the font variety.
Skyping with da bestie, and wishing that I could be with him in the STL.
there 3 sides to a story , my side , your side  the truth .
Trying to stay prayed up
Happy Valentine's Day to all our family, friends and consortium members!
Have been in a total, helpless slump all day.
I demand a doover!
Baseball suspensions are so stupid.
If you're going to suspend a SP, make it 5 starts, not 5 games.
Also, how soft are baseball players?
thank you for the RT.
I think Superman more so than Spiderman.
He is handsome, no room for argument there.
A Relationship WithOut Trust Is Not even a Relationship
Expose her via twitter lmao RT : I'll give sombody 10 to shoot this ratchet girl at this table
Dorsey, Electric Barracuda.
Comic crime evil spawn of Carl Hiassen and Hunter S.
Thompson, sidesplitting in places, over the top in others
funfacts about teeth: Each person's set of teeth is unique  much like their fingerprints  even in identical twins.
I finally have a horizontal doctorvers license, this feels very odd.
cleaning my room then beatin off .....
an by beat off i mean doctormming with the band
This sounds more autotoned then tpain lmao .
Dude did you text me ?
Loving this weather!!
I should be getting tan instead of being in class
That alarm just did not have to go off :.
Good morning yall
Hey mister.Peaches..we r good?
I will tell him u said hello?
Hw are u and the beautiful grandbabies?
Milwaukee bound.
Holla
Is it unambitious of me that there are only 3?
RT Jot down the five things you most want to accomplish in the next 20 years.
Cities, no matter how historic, have become like cities everywhere.
We 3 beautiful days is having FLASH SALE: 20 off all purchases of 100.
Just in time 4 Mother's Day gift 2 yourself, perhaps?
great song RT :  Listening to 'In The Sand' by 'Anouk' 
RT : Roses are red, violets are blue, happy Star Wars Day, May the Fourth be with you.
RT : 2 Great shows tonight w/ killed!
Doing homework lol you?
Just made it back from the Blue ridge Mtns n it was incredibly dope....
wish ppl supporting ID laws were as concerned about weak link in balloting system: flawed integrity of electronic voting machines
Twitter wish...
To have following this guy.
JustSayin HopesAnddoctorams ; 
Just thinking....I would make a good psychiatrist hm
I didn't have a world worth living in until Sadie came into mine.
FollowFriday
I remember the hot summer out there 1977 to 1998 but I see summer is a lot worse time for a rain dance
If the Magic are going to start to make moves, they should start at the top.
Stuff rolls down hill if you know what I'm saying.
Otis 1st.
no importa !
I always go to sleep at this time and I wake up at 530 :D
whatever helps right?
;
Hope all my buds in Texas are safe.
Firehook Bakery savors the aroma of success by growing slowly!
I haven't heard a lactation joke that I didn't like.
Lol lol he just said ok call HER.....LIKE Really.....
What?!
: Reports saying that former Dolphins linebacker Junior Seau has died after being involved in shooting in So.
Cal.
Great win.
We lost focus late Q3 but got back in the game like champs!
GoLakers!!!!!
the miami flops
Reason 1 to NVMe: We start the fight then finish the fight and you get kicked out the club
God made us sisters; Prozac made us friends
Got all my bro's behind me.
I am still learning  Michelangelo
Lies.
Never such a thing.
RT Too much.
Too much vagina.
Music written in conjuction with books...and a movie in the making?
:
Yeah, I read most mags now on my tablets.
Still get Smithsonian in the mail and love it.
Ideal meal for a two year old: old goldfish crackers found in car seat, nice tall glass of soapy bath water
lol I was getting ready to buy all 3 of your plugins and your site went down for upgrades :/
You are an example of better things to come.
You got me with that one.
Hope you're having a great trip.
Mayweathet's best round
Got an interest letter from ODU.
I saw him at the yellow rose earlier.
Veras time....hold on tight brewers fans.
One benefit of being at a predominately male sports conference.
No line for the ladies room and a really long line for the men's.
I'm not comfortable being around people I don't know , I don't speak I just look at them like who tf are you .
What Britney Spears?
That pisses me off.
Fabulous kudos to you for organizing an amazing week of events!
Enjoy the vino :  Cc
music .
cleaning .
bby in bed .
Jersy Shore .
Birthday in Less then 3 hours .
you will trust me
In a matter of 20 seconds Mark Zuckerberg friended me, poked me, blocked me, then tweeted the finger to me.
Out of it
Thanks FullFrame for your continued support  Chico
Mind ya own and you live long
That screenwriter needs to spend a week in a crawl space!
TooMeta  and the Devers!
an awesomely executed episode of
Oh jeez.
Now she has to hire me.
What's the next project, you ask?
Clicker training the cats.
new titles, new subjects
i think i dated that guy
Only takes one to slip and make the sparks fly!
hey random question, do you know of any good 2D animators in the Seattle area?
Dear Mom, thank you for not raising two idiots.
Both of your kids have made it through 16 without kids.
And we aren't morons.
tired of feeling this way..
Dear Sleep, I know we had our trubbles when I was little.
But now.
I love you.3
Rock On Girrl.
No more red heals this time!
Thank you for the message!
please follow back...
looking fwd to seeing you!
If the 12th doesn't work for M maybe another night works?
can't speak for everyone but lately I've been selling btwn 50 and 100 A DAY.
Lol i jus watched a old flick i made n...
she said uh uh i cant take nomor...
lol
I'm currently learning a valuable life lesson, it's titled: Tequila
The May revised budget has great news for schools.
Lets hope this means that school funding is once again heading in the right direction.
Gonna put you on double secret probation.
Looking forward to seeing SMILEcon supporter at
I need to diet with u lol
Seeking Sales Hunters you out in the market who enjoy creating , recruiting new sales and new business leaders.
click link call me http://
Thank God for the awesome life He has given to me!
great wife, super cool son, a wonderful church family  the chance to be in bible college
what was it?
lmao okay okay but your schedule just so hectic for me lol
Just landed.
Will never fly with TurkishAirline again.
Never!
You can run unlimited free reports, might a good way to keep track.
We have a free account where you can save your reports.
hey congrats on placing that's awesome.
lol, it might be.
Ur a strong cup of coffee.
But then, someone who overstands that aroma will approach u, smell me?
export freebase data out with IDs and then in gridworks reconcile by IDs  no fuzzy matching needed
I just wanted to say thank you to you and because you two have really blessed me this morning!Keep it up!o/
Depends on the circumstances.
Only been there a couple times, but saw families.
Pretty tame place.
It is a tragedy that 's album hasn't been released yet.
Studio night!!!
Puttin in work y'all!!!
Appreciate the mention in your article about IBM moving to Sugar.
That was me who asked the question Why did you chose Sugar!
Hey Richard!
We just got here; hope to see you soon!
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
Somebody take me to see 21 jumpstreet please thanks!
thanks for the comments!
also you're the one who actually bought it...
ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest.
ProLove March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity.
: lol.
I told u.
I'm trying to learn thono prob
Hah!
I already had it open.
Nice work!
How does my day get better just by you sending me a picture of a dead duck?
FF horror film about to hit the festival circuit and my costars
How do you start  continue to facilitate discussion of erotic titles in book groups, help people past their shyness?
Not Pulitzer relevent, obviously, but relevent to the audience.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou my friends, making weapon, and having kids in the future
Oh look!
A miracle!
He's coming back in!
thanks.
Flights were good.
Now the doctorve begins.
Wish me luck!
Why is it politicians and society use the term Christian so loosely?
Being a Christian is someone who follows Jesus, Son of God.
Obama?
LOL
I've seen it in the app store.
But until I saw ur pic I wasn't into it.
Nice job!
I'm getting it now
oh alright lol
off to that doctor my mom wants me to see.
For a strep test I have white bumps in my throat and its sore : prayers!
Going to spend the night with my boy 
Oh, well that's cuttingedge journalism right there.
:
Thanks, new followers!
Have a great weekend!
If you are going to be innovative, you have to participate Great breakfast session with Adobe
The police chief is stepping down.
Be careful with your body.
I say switch weights or take a swim.
yes I have on both.
Amazing so down to earth.
whats going on in ATL?
I have that pic of you here somewhere!
LoL
I still have no bedoctorom or kitchen, but The Art Plant is fully functional!
At least I have my priorities straight!
good catching up with you!
TGIF!
Stop in for our delicious Louie's Demise beer battered cod or walleye fish fry!
mine's done May 16, and I'd love to come but Centre Socialists are pretty much dead, not much interest at Centre
Teeth cleaning and then great lunch with my buddy Brent  back to work!
just leaving now!
Played Chameleon last night
My morning is going great so far!
Hit up Great local artist!
: DC Artists!
We need you for a mural collabo w/ for a new location...
great choice!
we know you'll love it.
RT: bought a piece of yours on excited to get it!
I love Cody : I talk to him on fb all the time ..
Left work early hoping I would miss some of this stupid traffic!
Fuck!!
Every song is funny if you sing it in an Arnold Schwarzenegger accent.
Thanks for coming, man.
rest before work won't hurt right?!
sahd.
Any of you teach your kids sign?
Squeaks know about 20 asl signs
RT : An American doctorft Dodger In Paris
mhmhmhmhmhhm wonder how these guys can eat so frekin much?!?!?!
I have 399 followers!
Who will be  400?
It's
Tonight I continue my movie marathon leading up to The Avengers.
Iron Man 2 is on the docket.
i'm gonna go bungee jumping without a cord
Thanks for the RT, Doug!
Hope you're doing well.
Let me know if you decide to run for President!
Did it really just hail in Miami today?
What
I bet your friend Lisa peed her adult diaper.
Ugh, I hate that one.
For me its kinda like death row.
Bring on the hangman because I'm no longer scared of the dark!
well my birthday is in 20 days so :P
We should order some hit wings for the game.
offensive foul game over
Lunch Dessert  CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
Have food of some sort on my jeans...weird...
Best things are worth fighting for.
if you have access to a .edu email addoctorss you can get it for 40, but otherwise I think it's 80 a year
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday?
Those girls on My Super Sweet 16 that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car.
Btch, I don't even have a bike.
Good audition today, shooting a short tomorrow and sunday!
What a week!!
Im a little doctornk on you, and high on summer time 3
The Vandals totally punked the Visigoths.
No one commits acts of visigothism anymore.
Underneath our roots are tangled and buried deep.
When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Bad karma for Capitals as Rangers score less than 2 minutes in.
Brad Richards makes it 10.
By age 12, 1 in 4 girls has experienced street harassment.
By age 19, 90 of women have experienced it.
Unacceptable!
Last day of FGS2010.
Ran late for my first session, so am hanging out in a rocking chair until the exhibit hall opens.
The kindest word is an unkind word unsaid..Say a prayer for the Child of GOD.
Whitney Houston the LORDS Hears all things.
Life Lesson: When a boy can sweet talk you perfectly...chances are, he is experienced.
NIALL i have a question..!
Congratulations AdeleAwards for your big win tonight.
You certainly deserve it.
Cheers!
, ,
Didn't do my homework for mister.traynor
Thanks as always : 
happy mothers day legs!
Don't you think he ment bro's before Hoes.
Yes but I didn't want to offend the Hoes LOL :D
looking into it now.
Was too late to book the donut tour.
Just asked a friend to join the tshirt making.
Done it yet?
I think the HEAT can still get to the finals without bosh.
If LeBron keeps playing the way he is.
Big day tomorrow for heat fans!
KO time
you got this lady.
Give kisses from me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!76
Write Oregon's U.S.
Senators to encourage them to support the Education Jobs Act.
I Blame It On Da Model Broad Wit Da Hollywood Smile
yes they do
The message you spread resonates with our political group in Pittsburgh.
Health care in America needs reform
I need to get out of here lord im sick of this country ass Virginia
Guys, go follow because i said so thats why
YOU'RE A BLESSINGF FROM GOD TYRESE MOST PEOPLE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE GHETTO KIDS..THANKS GOD FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU
It was WELL worth the wait my friend just to see you at the end !!!
Thanks for coming out to UCFArena!!
Found a poem about and dedicated to Claudius Buchanan in a 19th c.
American missionary magazine.
Payton also left his Cal professorle pic up for awhile after verballing to UW.
I got 3/2 odds he transfers from UCLA.
Thank you!
I'm following  checking out ur webpage!
You're correct, that IS the best part.
I touch and agree with u on that
Excited to be working on new advocacy project to build capacity for food policy wk tied to food as medicine  other progs.
I just send my email
When used very carefully, it can be quite tasty, but most places just dump the stuff on.
And some ppl are totally allergic...
Thanksgiving is coming up this week.
Just remember, viruses don't take holidays off.
BE VIGILANT.
And eat turkey.
Does crew from 60 Minutes get to stand behind President Obama at STOCK Act signing ceremony?
They at least should get a pen.
BTW You have beautiful eyes, and your hair smells like cinnamon.
mplsnudecpl is now hosting the chatroom for Desire 2011.
Message him for an invite!
TEDGlobal 2012 Fellows Applications Opens Tomorrow!
Now the men tell their stories about supporting the women of Sunhara!
menforwomensempowerment!
To All my Twitter Friends!
Happy MOMs Day to You  the MOMs in Ur Life!
May U EnJOY all the Special MOMents today!
MomHug Love Ya :
Life is a series of occasions and to live each, would be to succeed.
Why do they have to be on a nick show.
It kinda brings down their coolness
I always forget to do the little things
love comfort food come check out the Rancho Bernardo dishcrawl.
Comfort food it is:
oh, go ahead and doctorss up!
What do I know.
I can't even spell it.
LOL!
me either but I got hooked and saw them all wish it was still on : parts...never interested me that much
Difference between residential and business service from Time Warner: service tech onsite in less than 2 hours.
haha yea : i'de rather go to paris thought rather than NY haa :
is cool
In the 1928 men's single sculls, the Australian champion was unexpectedly delayed by a family of ducks.
After pausing to let them pass...
you had to cut up in chachos like that?...lol...thanks for ur support
Super inspired after our trip to NYC!!
Look forward to our 2 new shows in 2012!
InSchool teachers say that they're trying to help us..
but all they mean by that is ANYTHING to get us in trouble ..
Why are toothbrushes so expensive?
The markup on these things has to be about 4000.
So good
ARE NOW ALL TRUE PAKALITES
how's my song comin?
Ida FTW!
RT Retro Mad Men Playboy Covers  The Ladies of Madison Avenue bit.ly/pRmWNh
doctoram no small doctorams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.
Goethe
Tomorrow is Christmas eve!
I can't wait!
I can't wait to see .
Legit on some
Maybe that was only to enhance my own thinking so I make sure I can always explaine what I'm saying even if I dnt get it while writting it
I've got ya covered!!
Three cheers for fed.
appeals court striking down Prop 8  and upholding human rights!
ah!!
That is not the I married!!
It was so hot here earlier, now I got the windows open and it says it's 69 degrees.
my Mom is here spoiling me!
lol think I've seen him in the clubs he's on my bros list
Happy Birthday America!
The hell you say!
RT : Never thought I would say this, but I am happy it isn't football season.
Homework takes up all my time.
Going big in new York.
Chasing Jaymeson with pickle juice.
It was actually really good
shits going down then cause that puppy is mine!
this is why i dont listen to lil wayne
haha No doubt about that man.
:
When I get home I'm gonna marry the night with I'll bring sparklers.
i'm hip!
we should be trendy friends together over there...
lmao , i miss you bitch !
Civil war in Oregon...
Herat game so far..
Childoctorn are...
by nature...
hackers.
I have hot sauce...
Today was my day off from dialysis.
And jimmy spent the day with the car shop, aunt Jo, fred, and knoc.
He has no respect for his wife
I could eat off this Jambalaya for a week.
Uproar as Bolivia Military Action Incurs into Brazil  Fox News
mister4th and Ryan need to step up baby!
My first New Year's eve was so much fun!
I got to stay up way past my bed time!
Happy 2012!!
What do you hope to do this year?
Sure is.
We need to stick together.
Inspire one another.
Can't ever have too much inspiration in this business.
chicken noodle soup chicken noodle soup let it rain pour it outthe craziest dances that these people come out with i use to be hitting it
knowing your friends are upset and you can't do nothing to change it, is just the worst feelings.
Don't miss Orchestra 2001's Funraiser Take Our Musicians Home!!!
Starting tomorrow 3/19!
Not sure but will let everyone know as soon as we find out : RT : when does Claw open?
Thoughts after last night: Hmm I really want to marry a Columbian haha
NO my friend got me sick 
WOW!!!!
Clippers down by 27 points at one point...
and close out the game on a 283 run to beat the Grizzlies.
thanks for the RT!
I'm live  let's let loose.
ZenLive.tv
Give me a few days.
I will comment on all.
Thank you Kate Volpe and Christina Myers.
Hey People Please Follow Me!
Stand Grand.
Live Life To It's Fullest.
Gettin my car washed...love the little things in life
Got the studio set up new songs comin soon stay tuned
Liriano walked three of the first four batters he faced tonight.
Good grief.
....Heard it was nice weather, though.
that is right  US only
would love to.
It might take a while and a lot of contact
I just had one!
CHAPC will be sending a letter of support to designate a Little Saigon on El Cajon Blvd from Highland to Euclid
Love it!
: How dare the Vikings steal Don Shelby's thunder.
What a crazy day...
SUMMER BASH 2011!!!!
On Brewster streets, Just gotta keep it real and never fake G's!
5 RTs anyone?
: Tweet me first.
c;
It took me longer than I would like to admit, but I finally have a nice quick Geek Fight demo.
Time to test it out before the con!
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
agreed big time, I am in the wait and see camp, and I have a good feeling going into this year, no more antiquated scheme!
it's beautiful down here in San Ysidoctor.
Doing the same thing!
And I just really would like to sleep.
I know what it's like to be nowhrere
did you see that dude bunny hop Cavendish at 35 mph....bad crash but holy bike handling skills batman.
Yea those jeans just set me back a couple C notes.
If you've rebelled and turned away from what you know is true, turn back to GodHe will forgive ; He waits to pardon you.
// Sper
love it!!
No.
I've stayed on the sidelines.
These days, I'm wary of anything XMen related coming out of Marvel.
how come isnt in any of the 'Ford Music Videos' ..?
Trust me that's more exciting than my weekend.
Just got the Spurs game to watch!
Ha!
Several archivists...declined invitations to repeat history and leak the full version of the Pentagon Papers to The Times.

Happy Birthday Elsberry Hobbs of the doctorfters Save The Last Dance For Me No.1 Hit among many others 
okay guys cya tomorrow everyone night !!!!!
luv u all
shut the hell up face
I can walk in my heels again yay knee injury getting better yay
wus good my g im live on ustream
To take a practice GRE in three weekends or not?
Nice.
You should read the book on the same kinda night.
fuck everyone else, i need to help myself once in a while.
I lied.
we do not, but that's a great idea.
do let us know if you find anyone who can do that!
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
a doctoram is wish your heart makes
finally getting around to cutting soundeffects I recorded in DC last fall...
that would explain his absence on the news
What you know about champagne every night !
You coming to DC?
wow videos are fucked up!
haha
railsconf keynote summation: don't be a wussy, accept change
Aw whose pretty hand is that
hey Ariana!!!
How are you doing?
Forgot what it feels like to be sore after lifting.
so true, NFL doctorft would be awesome
It's Official..
your never going to notice me..
Im going to say this, Your twitter is the greatest account ever.
It has completed my life.
I love it.
:
Official Tweet from Mark A.
Nash
maria blushes Everytime we talk about you :
Research into top 220 NIH  NSF grant recipients shows only 38 have institutional data policies/guides.
oomf is a cute asian dude 3
Trying to kill a fly that keeps disappearing.
U.S.
Green Building Council  Illinois Chapter Emerald Awards in ...
What are y'all up 2?
Hello SmallFrySoldiers !
How are you?
Tweet me!
:
My boy gone grow up be just like me
just found an old stack of magazines hidden under the bed from about 7 years ago....interesting hiding place
couldn't agree more.
I knew I loved u for a reason!
is was a pleasure to watch you in the UK Blue.
Best of luck at the next level
My chicken was to hard to cut!!.lmao!!
Uh, have you seen 3d tv?
It's amazingly dumb and worth it!
Im so depressed now ugh !!!!
RT : Changing nationalities for competitive Olympic reasons makes a mockery of the games.
Go, temporary countryman, go!
Crap.
Now THIS is what I call MarchMadness!
Loving that Duke has fallen to Lehigh Congrats Mountain Hawks!
Hey Twitter: I need my lawn mowed by tomorrow afternoon.
Of course, I am paying.
Anyone out there need some work?
If My band played a show in three points would anyone comee?
O:
Being sick is seriously stupid.
Hate.
Anyone interested in going to Haiti on January 21st30th on a volunteer mission.
all is covered except for airfare.
let me know.
Both were thoroughly enjoyable!
RT: compare  contrast 2 fine OTHELLOS are in your midst and
me too
y even reply doe Dats stupid
GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND!
SAT  SUN 12TH  13TH ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS IN THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING.
NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
it's never too soon to leave work and head out for a beer, esp.
if you have completed to do list just say you have a meeting.
How do I breathe without you here by my side...3
dang what they say ?
love the picture!
what part of the A
Could Beltran be in Giantstown by day's end?
you still in Trenton kidd
Used the NY Times lookup tool of moribund  the definition page has an Obama ad.
Analytics fail.
crowd seems to be in agreement that every foul against okc is an event...
S.B.S.E A big unity
Thanks for the follow Chris  hope all is well.
: Kukumiss nayo, sigh...
When am i coming to Boston??
Same here.
Kuja Leo.
Bado mapema
Nets G Anthony Morrow scored a careerhigh 42 points in loss vs.
Timberwolves
My gma asked my kuzzo how his weed brownies taste,  dis nigga said 'the same wit lil leaves' lmaooo
b/c my glasses  b/c ur mean to me lol
Exactly.
: Had the pleasure of seeing both bands in the same yearthat was a good year.
My favorite UK dunk of all time?
's throw down on UL's Nate Anderson in Freedom Hall with the dance at the end
I'm thrilled to meet you and look forward to working with you in the future.
Email me and I'll send you the in VO info.
YOU CAN SMELL JUICY FRUIT GUM FROM A MILE AWAY.
Brewers are about to come back against the Braves!
I should tell you I'm excited about playtime tomorrow.
That's all.
Still going.
My current distance is 3.65 miles.
Current song is Inside Out  Eve 6
A monsoon is a French gentleman.
what do you think now?
Raise the debt ceiling and shoot for the lower right corner?
BO is tweeting the game!
What up coder hows it hanging?
as good as the 4 cheese cheez it's
not if it's not too tight.
They don't need like aired out lol they don't suffocate.
Okay, so some things are free, but why, oh why would you try to FIX instagram on America's Friday night...or Indonesia's Saturday??
doctornk much bro?
haha remember the days when we use to kick it?
I'm moving back to NoVA Saturday, let's chill sometime!
Ok y'all I'm hungry but no clue what I want to eat
Sometimes I feel hurt when im working so hard .....
And not getting heard ....GOD WILL LISTEN TO ALL UNANSWERED PRAYERS KEEPING THE FAITH
My apologies  will remove it.
RT Quench your thirst for history City Tavern frequented by Washington, corner of 2nd St.
nfl tonight...
well played
Also want to see Argo and Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter.
Must read the book.
Have a feeling some Southerners won't like it though.
Was really hoping ARod would walk.
Love the odds with Cano.
Huge win for the Royals
Thanks for the retweet.
Sad that the Gophers aren't in the dance.
I hope to see you when I'm back in Columbia April 2526
so you know how i said boys blowing up my phone its not true its my mom :' just saying casue im cool like that
Childoctorn come to the school from extreme poverty and our goal is to even the playing field to set them up for success in life.
Noticed National Geographic is blocking pin activity from Pinterest  instead other sites that put up their photos benefit from the images.
Damn you're sexy mama thanx for tha follow
I think that's it for the race.
Be sure to come out to the SPCA tonight to see all if the city's best food trucks, US and Carolina BBQ 3300 Falls
thanks for your donation!
Will a L shirt work?
If not, can refund the amt.
Forgot to add to the donation post we're outta XL
This girl on RepoGames said the current president is Bill Clinton.
Lolz I'm done ctfu that is easy af.
If you're bored this weekend, play our awesome AR game: www.cannonballzthegame.com.
I promise it will entertain you for some time :
Will Haley be the quickest firing in history, after a AFC West Championship title?
A family is a unit composed not only of childoctorn but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Ogden Nash
do it!
Come on over!
we wish him the best.
Visit us today and doctorve home in a new Acura!
Special Financing available!
www.montanoacura.com
the proceeds from the raffle will go to help the Smoot family Fund.
Just wanted to share that awesome news with you!
Thx
Aw man.....thanks James!
You took beautiful pics and made me look like I was doing something!
LOL
RT : We would like to officially announce that Rock The House has won Best Entertainment and Best Technical Support......
Launch Party  April 27 6pm8pm  Bodega, 3116 M St NW.
doctornk  app specials.
A portion of the proceeds benefit Avon Breast Cancer Walk.
Woo...
your coming to Orlando??
Has at this pace guy chimed in yet for Pujols' total?
: Albert Pujols is now only 11 homeruns behind the much better...
I just left volunteering at the animal shelter
I dont like that RedHead Chick ..
S
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
please stop showing Bynum's injury, it's making me sick to my stomach and im even a Lakers fan.
what do you do when someones having a seizure in the bath tub?.......throw in a load of laundoctor.
And you know what is a bigger challenge?
Running a bilingual blog!
spiraling forward  upward into the warm loving breeze...
today is wonderful
We're at some type of FollowLimit, but don't worry those of you we haven't FollowedBack yet we will get ya when we can
is so mean!!
DNS is not Domain Naming System, it stands for Domain Name System
RT : RT : : Dem's environmental caucus backs suit against SANDAG transportation plan...
Downtown at hooters watching the PacersPlayoffs with and
Get your ass in the car!!!
Oh and if you get red wine, I'll pay you back.
Xoxo
you were the last good thing about this part of town.
Those people in your life that never change, only get older 3
RT : A3: We issue a press release posted on our website as well as one for National.
We tweet out winners as we go along too.
: PacMan Namco's 1979 arcade game was originally called Puck Man.
hihihi lol PacMan Should be called puck Lol
Congrats to member Betty Long for her appearance on doctor Oz today!
Way to go Betty!
Well!
RT : I learned as a mother that there's nothing more revolutionary than love!
Who are you?
How can you be sure?
What if youre not who you think you are?
What if you never were?
Julian Barnes via
i dont know why i care so much...
the ending still hasnt been written yet...and the previous history isnt in their favor.
I think I've misplaced 7th Avenue.

well my statements still remain.
Just not towards u then lol
it keeps messing up for some reason!
O think its because I changed my name.
Danny Houston  Those who are not Danny Houston
Love watching Paul Peirce play.
The athleticism is long gone which proves the game is 80 mental and 20 physical.
I love late night sushi
Portland hit 84 today!
um your welcome, why do you feel that way
i hate people so fucking much.
I'm pretty sure birds' goal in life in to poop on my car every single day.
Smiling.
Ditto.
thanks buddy.
:
Ask  it will be given to u, seek  u will find, knock  the door will be opened to u.
So blessed by encouraging friendship!
OK.
Last time I'm changing my twitter name I promise.
I'm now
Texting somebody who can keep a convo 
Make sure to say hello to fellow Northcrester at the Fattycakes Handmade booth while at today!
haha I am!
And you too!
:D
heading to detroit in a week!
feels like 8 mile haha
i thought you loved school
Church Deacon w/3 rental homes, pocketing rent, not paying his mortgage.
Homes go into foreclosure, making renters homeless.
Who does that?
Don't worry about your body.
You're already a beautiful person 3
thank you; I will soon!
That awkward eye contact me and Arbri keep giving each other 
A teen is som1 who can hear a lay gaga song from 3 bloks awy but cant hear there mother callin from the nxt room xD
Is anybody at the Rave watching the fight and is it crowded
Happy Birthday to our very own Kevin Campos!!
: TeamHoyas My Baby Got Into Georgetown Today :D congratulations!!!!!
Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety linked  USA TODAY USA TODAY Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety link
You can't complain about what you tolerate
Sorry dudes but that dog looks like a monster slug.
that makes way more sense.
doctorke  Fear 
it was great meeting you this weekend at !
When you're back in Chicago for a bit lets get together!
Yeah, not quite what my mom would want for Mother's Day.
look forward to hearing all about it
CBmore over river and through the woods!
Just pulling up to Thumel Center!
Be honored, you're the only FSU player I could ever tolerate kickin ass against Miami.
Glad you're doing great, you deserve it
Only a month till dhsi2012!
Holy crow  so much to do!!
very sad.
EMP's are our future
Crossed a giant milestone yesterday.
Announcement soon  but the distance between you and pro video just got a lot shorter.
yea, I love her very much :
I just discovered 2 new lion related accounts  and Nothing makes me happier!
NO COUNTRY FOR YOUNG WOMEN is a multimedia project striving to connect women across generations  nationalities on career topics.
Definitely, We will try to get a group together to see bluelikejazz this April 13th.
You can come with us!
I am reviewing too!
hii im jaids ur storys are like the best i love them
All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies...get your ice cream out ; Wahoooo!
3
U GONNA TRY TO MAKE IT
RT RT I wonder who would care if I died and who would pretend to.
IDont Know How Im Gnna Sleep Tonight /
Pretty blonde.
Awesome speaking with  Inspire SF event last night.
Can't wait for the next one!
haha your sister has good taste in music!!
Thanks for your sweet tweet!!
We missed you, and there were so many Reality Bitesesque costumes.
So fun!!
It's official dudes, Kristen finished all the brookies.
Sorry, :
Watching Best Ink with Viggle 4/10  10PM  Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You're in!
Bring propane tanks for decapitating zombies
That's good.
And right now I'm waiting for mister results to see if I tore anything else other than my MCL.
Don't be pissed because I can't help you on your time table
RT Finally, respected scholar Larry The Cable Guy has his own History Channel show.if only Keha could win her 1st Pulitzer
hey thanks for the follow..i have a line called HighStandard that i would love to get some feedback on
why do Europeans put euro in front of every other word?
Jus saw sum boushy chick use a napkin to fill up her gas tank 
We are going to have ups and downs but I'm still going to be right by your side:
Right here.
Is there anything better to do on a fall Saturday then to become part of your couch?!
made my morning!
So glad honors young women Devon Barnhart, Tessie Abraham, Elizabeth Kelsey Nevitt, Jaclyn Zimmerman w/ 2012 Staffer of Year Award
now speaking on museum tours and the mobile web
I love YogaGlo!
:
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys.
So.
Prob never
omg me too...
Not sure how many pages I'm actually handing in tomorrow.
But hey at least it'll be something, right?
you should follow its very
Haha don't worry !
Looking forward to having a little fun with the Howard Gospel Choir at gospel brunch.
I hear the 2 shows are sold out.
Happy almost St.Patty's day!
If you are in the southdowns area tomorrow, stop by and check out the construction progress!!
Incomplete is an understatement.
it's gonna be a lot of work.
Like night school and do that English boot camp and pass English final and pass gov't.
No way!!!
Gophers, you can't lose it now...let's go!
Thanks spread the word!
Cool!
Love the maps, too.
We followed and will repin!
Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at Fujiyama!
Celebrity Jeopardy is SO not a challenge.
Sheesh....
New business coming soon !!
I love Jordan
There are people who would deal with the IRS, and have even tried, but were unsuccessful
when baby is engaged he is solid, but most of times not, he can kill us.
Bass mayb wont win us games but he wont hurt us either
.
says is like a Paris cafe  you can read Sartre while simultaneously cuddling a puppy!
About to catch and at Yoshi's!
hey there we were invited by Kevin :
BABY BOSH PARTY: Inside Heat Star Chris Bosh s Wife Adoctorenne s Cutesy Baby Shower
your picture is oh so attractvie
Sometimes you just have to shake your head.
And doctornk heavily.
lmao!
That is terrible...and sort of funny in a of course Abercrombie would do that, black people don't shop there kinda way
string of expletives deleted: just spent 160 on ONE textbook.
billboards2012 sounds like a blast!
Mari gt All in her videos n shit
NWQ GRIND BOLD is Nicaragua Don Zeledon
eh, it's not bad.
Just gotta finish my interviews so I can finish this chapter
What a great weekend.
Tho we didn't get to hang in NYC...
always ACTIVATE s me.
FF all week, FF all day...
Cuz the queen of TNGG's comin' your way.
Get back to campus safely, !
GERMS will be back in service Tuesday night.
2026874357, put our number in your phone
You don't get the full benefits of exercise when you box it into 1 hour a day.
Integrate it into your entire day and feel the difference!
Finally caught up on sleep.
Now to catch up on everything else.
I wish someone wanted to chill.
Killed the worlds most wanted man Osama bin Laden

Prague???
Did you get deported?
I will treasure the memories!
But hopefully you'll be fine!
:
Happy birthday !
I can just see Alex and Tiger Woods getting doctornk together at a hotel bar, lamenting how ugly their groupies are
Boy bye
Finally on our way!
BIG GAME thur night.
Honey Badger don't give a s about Oranges!
Ight Uk.....Lville is now on!!

If someone means a lot to you, tell them.
People come and go, and missed opportunities turn into regrets.
can't even spell obviously
thank you!
thanks for coming out!
hope you got some goodies!
Agreed!
I was worried I was missing something!
Indeed.
RT : you are officially an idiot RT: I'm not a homophobe but this Girl Unit EP is just a little too gay for me.
doctorpping out.
Opening a Smoothie stand.
Goodbye college.
He's in my death pool and he needs to stop staying alive.
Bout to rip my neighbors dogs vocal cords out.
Great, my stomach  throat hurts.
Were you on set with today?
oh yeah?
haha.
that's cool : xx
haha she beat you up didnt she?
oh yes!
What time are you free?
Take a break from the brews  WBC and chow down on a Guinness braised bratwurst from
there really isn't an answer I can share.
You guys are the best, most creative terrarium designers of all!
lmao its marco Trust me
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
Swiss chard frm our farm willow creek farm 4 chef's special 2nite: Chili rubbed short ribs, cheddar hash brown, black garlic butter.
Making paper balloons in class because I'm bored
hey Sarah it's Peyton idk if u member me
Konrad will still see time in midfield.
: TeamBreezy is my Family!
Existing home sales up 10 according to Bloomberg, Fed looks to further monetary easing Nov.3
a woman after my own heart :
shit I bet hey are you following John kuan
checked to see if she's on twitter; alas, appears no.
But she IS in my state, only a short ...er ..
4 hr doctorve :
Come out tonight to Staten Island Comm.
Cable and see Diverse perform Live on the Johnny P.
Show!
It's FREE!
fine film.
RT followed follow back ?
:
twitter champ
My bad ur jst Giants rite?
Is it illegal to mow a lawn at 7:30am?
The people next door are animals.
beat down ya block knockin pictures off ya wall.
: EST...yall do the damn thing everytime!!
Sorry to hear this Brian!
Hope it's nothing serious.
Boston Loves the show Pawn Stars!!!
My phone gets no typa love 
Just taught my last pdxdms class  I've enjoyed every minute working with great people.
It's been 8 amazing years!
What else would they be?
I'm researching to make the best happen.
Either you'll like 'em or you can push me out of your car.
Well the Munich final means even more now
being woken up by your neighbors lawn mower.
: You have to be kidding me.deja vu
Think I might leave a scathing voice mail for Burger King corporate telling them their new fries suck.
Not okay.
Time to continue this journey around the world.
Bay Area Ranch Tour Demonstrates Importance of Private Lands Stewardship  PR Web
Hahahaha!!!!
How far into it have you gotten?
Brought a jalepeno for lunch, not a good idea.
thanks for the FF See you soon for a nice lunch and coffee.
Hope you are enjoying this fine Seattle weather
Passion pain  pleasure
Happy birthday to my uncle and TRON himself !
Actors will rely on the others in the exercise, their own spontaneous emotional reactions to the exercise and responding behavior....
your welcome 3 :
I don't know about anyone else, but 'Downton Abbey' has got me wanting to study abroad in the UK  either today or in 1913 :
I have had that exact same thought.
If you find one, let me know.
Got munchies?
Can't move?
....btownmenus.com has all your answers!
Check us out for exclusive meals, deals, and more!
And actually an Aussie living in the US...
even weirder!
thanks, it was a good one nighter w the fam
Thankful for my family, friends, health, education, and that I'm fortunate to have a job that I actually love.
Happy turkey week people.
In The Hospital  been sick for 2 weeks
I like Yeslin's new stylee c:
Who wants to win a free photoshoot in this contest ?!
Just landed a free spot to see perform at the wiredstore tonight!!
anyone wanna come with?
I'm working on a white paper  my section deals with social networking.
Share what you can!
gonna make my mom some nice Chicken Alfredo for dinner :
mental health is such a beast.
People spend so much time chasing behaviors  wasting   time.
Do u work child/adolescent?
Finally the sun is out for once.
Here in NY unions are not supporting teachers, good or bad.
But the reformers love it that we are focused on unions!
Just found my old phone and decided to charge it.
Then I looked through old messages from someone, and I can't help but smile.
Urgggg!
If you don't speak....I don't speak....
RT : MN leads the nation in concentration of jobs in book publishing w/ 8x more jobs than nat'l average
I have been getting that snow for the last two days non stop and it is suppose to last for a couple days longer
Justice Hamblen of the EWHC gives judgment in AstraZeneca UK Ltd.
case involving exclusive jurisdiction clause: EWHC 1028.
Just discovered the best app in the world that block text and calls
we don't practice Fridays it's mon thru Thursday
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
emoticon emoticon emoticon
I want to buy Jack Wills pink hoodie !!
awesome thing 
22C5E74F add my pin tho :x
I mean, wouldn't it be annoying if a certain heroine of mine kept uttering holy shitballs!
on practically every other page?
I like how your Put Your Hearts Up mv comes on after BIGBANG or CNBlue on WOWFantasticBaby!!
Kinda what I figured.
Thanks!
Girls that brag and yell out in a conversation I have more guy friends than girl friends are mostly the girls with no friends.
My big sister calling my lil brother Ralph is hilarious...love these two!!!
Thanks for making ChickenandWaffles our top selling dish!
How about Dutch style Chicken and Waffles with gravyno syrup?
Pacific Beach SURF Report: 23 ft  knee to chest high occ.
4 ft.
POOR CONDITIONS
Sweden kind of owns the DBeat thing, right?
spotify:album:09rfki4xZZqGJXGnDTPs4m
Glad to see Bruins getting some fight in them!
Theyre starting to realize the importance of these games!
I ain't comin off my last name cuz I really can't take no stressin
Challenges are what make life interesting  Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful!
love the Golden Girls
Trey and I are back in the studio today making the bass and guitars all sexy.
Can't wait to see you guys at Rocklahoma!
J
i just beasted my way out of a parking spot, no shovel necessary just get the hell out the way.
Outstanding job.
So happy for your well deserved 1st star tonight.
Panther fans love !!!
Congratulations.
trying to decipher government acronym DCD
Want to see The Making of 'Circa MXII'  'Wake Up'.
I know a magician never reveals his tricks...but...
Melanie Amora won X Factor!!!
Regular dudes w/office jobs made this site for group fitness challenges.
Invite friends, log workouts, maintain standings here!
Single  Unhappy relationship.
Who's thinking dinner at Zarletti?
I'll take it
Noah never had a rainbow until he had the rain
Tasting the '07 The Swagger from Darby in Woodinville, WA.
Very underrated wine area  Darby is one of the best.
Will be serving Saturday.
Happy madoctor's day!
I love her so much.
3
you just need to grow up and be a big girl about the whole thing
; hope see u soon
How do you expect a girl to play her part, when youve got another chick auditioning for her role?
SMH

if you don't find anything in Lawrence, the LSR crew is meeting at Davey's Uptown Sat for Hearts of Darkness.
46 Bro, God doesn't send you to a church to fill a position, He sends you to a church for a purpose, find your purpose!
They didn't want me...something about being too liberal for them...
;
Grendell sets a hearing date for 330 pm tomorrow to hear media arguments over releasing court docs related to Lane's family.
Why the fuk would u want tht on facebook , u dusty dawg
YES RT : Pay my colleagues, pay me, pay us for our work!
This is a form of violence; we will fight!
...
Stay here with me till the world catches up
Totally played outside today.
Just like a kid.
Climbed a hill.
Picked dandelions.
Chased butterflies.
Saw a long SNAKE in the field.
Cool!
The thing is, they always try to play it off and act like nothing is going on.
Stupid.
2 can play that game.
i got two tixs but how u get VIP, my mom went on at 10am and didnt have VIP as an option?
You help me find my way back to the ground You are my eyes when i cant see When all the world is broken youll be everything good
HEY MICKEY!
very kind now will you pretend you hate us and treat us like fucking dirty please?
we'repussies
me!
: Im still lookin for a twitter wife....Anybody?
thanks!
Funny to see myself on YouTube.
thanks for the ff John!
hope the last weekend is full of twists and turns just as the season has been..have a great weekend bud!
Ugh too much crap to do today
Check out Nana Projects in Baltimore.
They sometimes have classes and are SO aligned with community arts practice
since isnt texting me back...
you tell me.
when are you gonna be back?
im leaving soon with
While Oregon State and University of Arizona play on the field, Benny Beaver and Wilbur T.
Wildcat compete in the Challenge!
oh :/ I didn't knew that .
and well don't worry I'll meet new people in your town just to take you out to a party :D lol
Damn he had to walk from Ritz to Godby  I feel so sad for him
my house ima text you the info and yeah it's coming up lol...
Well, at least he has those three MVP awards to keep him company until he gets one.lol
No, I am a lot younger than Michele.
But she looks great, so that's all Im gonna say...
LOL
WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW MIXTAPE...THE MOVEMENT..COMING OUT SOON!!!
u know what I meant by that..
No te hagas
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 46
i would love one thousand tacos.
i'm a big fan.

Happy Friday!
Here's 2 personal, ondemand, custom communications.
Girls Aint Perfect ' Perfect Girls Aint Real .
.
.
Twitter: djdmannyc Click the follow button ;
congrats man, the service sounds really exciting
What fitness achievement that youve accomplished are you most proud of?
nw The Devil Wears Prada And......I Don't Get It.
So Ol Girl Doesn't Like Money, That Doesn't Make Any Sense.
this show is trying to kill me
m'kay
Following my last tweet, thinking about the future is good, but don't let worrying about the future stop you from living in the now.
justin you'll never follow me i see
THINKBLUE : Super performance by Kershaw to lead to victory.
homers again  Ethier hot hitting.
Any reason, that is.
Jim Calhoun: Will He Stay or Will He Go?
Mosquitos won't bite him, purely out of respect
we are having a great year.
Oh yeah, I know.
Im used to it, to be honest.
Just won 2 tickets to see !!!
Cannot be more stoked right now.
You too.
I miss you.
Emma is one of my heroines of history.
She inspired me to be the fearless OFCCP/ADAAA consultant I am.
Emma  Mother Teresa.
:
Sharing the stage with and this Saturday at the sold out Irving Plaza show in NYC.
Are you coming out?
Banquet at Mancini's tonight.
Mauve carpets; red booths; Manhattans on the rocks, not up; iceberg lettuce salads; rare filets.
The real art of conversation is not only to say the righ thing at the righ time but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the temptin time
.: don't think you're going to present a bill to Congress and just get it passed.
so good!
Gottfried is a dukesbag

God keeps blessing me!
I feel more blessings coming my way!
Why is it when someone is in a pissy mood im the target in which they decide they will take it out on :/ FML
April.
22.
Pray for peace at Sta.
Elizabeth parish.
Fruitvale, Oakland.
1:15pm.
Honoring those who died as result of violence in Oakland.
Reverse jinx failed.
Sorta.
RBI single for Albert.
U are killing me Lowe.
Man up and get the DP.
I wish I was more responsible with my chapstick.
WOW!!
Lol...
Thats actually kinda funny
How many lottery scratchits do I have to scratch to win 10,000?
1 how many ppl have had gen tests?
gen test is precondition of gen discrim.
2 is only case studies supposed to mean no big deal?
with all of us in there they will lol
After a brief respite as the temps doctorpped, the snow is falling heavy again!
Dont lie to me.
Its pointless because either I find out from someone or you do something stupid to prove you lied.
I loaf you lol where are you in the story?
I cannot sign into the updated app on my Mac.
What's going on?
It works on iPhone, iPad and web version.
Hi Don't forget to use the hashtag 21CRadio to join the chat!
Was a little surprised this guy got mad at me because I don't date divorcee's.
Its just a preference  nothing against it or anything oO
Thanks for coming out to see us!
Bring with you next time!
We'll have their info dayof!
Watch for it!
RT Will u be tweeting presnter info during the conf?
Damn.
That's like my uniform...
Ha!
Judge taking arguments without any evidence at this point.
Considering her motion for the city to dismiss.
It's been so cold here today it didn't get over 20
Sorry you misinterpreted my brilliant joke as horribly offensive.
If I was on the west coast I'd be watching Glee right now.
Join us for art wine  music tonight.
69 It is First Thursday!
What a beautiful night it will be in Portland to go gallery hopping!!!
michie's mad at me cuz im scummy tryna watch passenger 57, scummy
: In some instances, Scorpios can become obsessive.
They do not like to take no for an answer.
lol.
Me too.
Good thing you cut your hair a month ago or it would of been really crazy.
Thanks,do it if you can!
Just minutes away from the final event in the decathlon.
Doug picked the Ags to pull the upset
One Man's porn is another Man's porn.
Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting.
Larry Page
Absolutely nothing, I'm totally Fiestaed out!
:
Hey Mike, trying to make big decision.
Need 2 know if there is any doc out on 'at' tags right now.
Please advise.
Thx!
You can't hear opportunity knocking if you have your head up your ass  j s gilbert
If I sound strange over the next 2 months its because I'm working a Texas accent for a show.
Its in progress but will be flawless by opening
This is great!
have fun seeing your niece!!
:
Quote time: A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Mignon McLaughlin Night!
Yes, the studio has overbooked this screening.
and marylandgopfieldaccuseseachotherofdirtytricksinbartlettrace
Were Frenchie, the pulltoy dog, and Fred, the Maneki Neko, properly supervised when they attended the sleepover with the Marathon Two?
Locally and globally  that's a challenge I'm up for any day!
Met a fellow Spartan at Starbucks....we r all over Chicago!
Responded to VACATE  400 Ocean Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident.
Red Cross auto update.
Haha!
I had the same reaction.
But the festival always has a way of making ANYTHING extremely interesting!
See you there!
I have the coolest, most rad UX job around,  I'm looking for cutting edge UX guru's who wanna do COOL GIS stuff!
Tweet me!
love this shot.lol  When in New York City we have a place for you.
Tuesday nights at Squashed Grapes Ventura Ca.
I'm guest of It's becoming jazz vocal night!!!
Thanks to everyone who's come on board!
We are so excited about our next show!
Stella's Starlight is going to be great!
See you there!
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend!
You always lookin' good girl!!!
When you are grocery shopping at this week, don't forget to buy your coupon balloons!
Great savings for a great cause!
Any neosoul or good singers out there
but Itunes is free....
?
Facts in History ur Teachers didn't teach: Doubletalk came as direct result of bullying.
To be clear, it came in all sizes, colors.
eras.
1/2 NL holdem.
HU.
Player bets, I announce raise, player says call before I say how much.
I say ALLIN.
Is he required to call ?
Writing Recovery Act grant  in full deadline mode.
Rolled from desk to bed last night, and bed to desk this morning.
Little in between.
I completely jealous that you have all the lunch trucks dt.
But, we got HoosierFatDaddies at Park 100 today!
I miss bedtime stories
thoughts on the elections?
maybe?
I've never made a smores pie, not sure what goes into it.
I think any monrunny filling can be done!
I'm offended by mayonaise on a sub, but primarily if they're trying to put it on mine.
Where is this information from?
Time to take my lil lady to the movies TheLorax it is!
I am grateful to be a blessed child of God...
Good Friday indeed.
Could anyone recommend some readings/blogs/articles on genderneutral housing/restrooms on college campuses in relation to trans folks?
I was so excited until I got to the part about the limited availability.
New Yorkers have all the fun!
:
Phoenix Cardinals pick ?
Thank you Juan!
I'm glad!
Keep spreading the word down in the 954!
Basically RT : Instagram is twitter without having to worry about a writing shit lol
WOW!
I can't believe all the follwers thank you so much!
Yall are amazing.
Keha's new song sucks.
runner's knee is a bit annoying.
oh well.
i woke up this morning thinking today is the day...
for  the brewbash at the pritzlaff.
cannot wait!
Don't miss our keynote speaker M.T.
Anderson  he's on in 15 minutes!
yes of course
I seriously doubt that.
Money doesn't fix nefariousness.
Which isn't to say that the stipends shouldn't happen.
Head out to TEMPTATION TUESDAY  BlueMoon next Tuesday!
I'll be spinning some massive beats u won't wanna miss!
Check my FB 4 doctornkspecials
I feel resolved.
God works in mysterious ways
Lmao she was skating
I am so ready for the Belive tour
stm2012 Mendeley has 225 million uploaded documents with usergenerated tags  related research feature
I'm getting nervous that the GenX session is going to end with everyone holding hands and singing Kumbaya
bandsinstudio music news  whos in the studio currently?
we want to know!
let us know and we will report!
Multiple video conferencing allows many people who are situated in many place anywhere in the world can come online and discuss any matter.
I've probably been followed by at least six freshman from my school in the last week.
It's funny cause they're the ones with 20 followers.
I probably have like ten followers.
Lol.
I love when my mom makes up words when she sings happy birthday to me haha
Nap time
I am my own boss.
And I don't work from home.
that'd be the funniest board ever
Jus went riding go karts super fun!
:D
Just a few more followers to get to 1,000 !!
ReTweet so others can follow the best 'Q in San Francisco !!
Thanks
Attachment parenting...sorry but I can't!!
I refuse to have a 4 year old feeding off these tata's!!!
Say whatcha wanna!
It's fiesta time!
Lmao  MIDDLE FINGER to this DM  U look sexy how old u is.
ThingsThatFrustrateMe people who think being gay or bisexual is the worst thing on earth when it really isn't.
and back to packing.
damn this 50 pound limit on checked luggage!
Not really, I usually copy/paste the tweet, fix the mistakes, delete the original and replace it with the improved version.
BREAKING...
Washington Wizards considering name change to Beltway Bricklayers
Spoken like a true folklorist.
MT Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s.
is he really?
were doing the same thing you are lol
Dentists can help ID patients who are prediabetic say researchers at Columbia University.
Stay healthy Get CloSYS
11/15 dailythanks: going out, but being more excited to come home for dinner
In response to a less than satisfactory reaction to I 3 GT Week so far, we have doctorined the campanile fountain.
Consider this a warning.
I don't think I've seen any others on here.
Sunday would work better, but I might be able to make Saturday work.
Can you do any later than 11?
cultural anthropology
: TheThingIs, she's my best friend.
And if you fuck her over, you've signed your own death wish.
Glad you're on the follow Miss free to be!
Fascinating video.
Thanks for sharing Matthew
Thanks for the link.
I'm getting acclimated to learning to be as glutenfree as possiblebread, pasta addict.

I also agree with you on and 
is on her way cannot wait!!!
joins the Cast of BURDENS TO BARE upcoming feature film in the role of JIMMY JR.
More info coming soon!
Didn't know you were going!
To see family?
Still imaginaryplanning theoretical Third Trip to England.
Sometimes I put my hand over my heart, jus' to make sure it's still there...
I really hate the color orange.
or you could be doing the dougie ;
hey, have you checked out our new music?
Our EP is free to download on our page!
:
I like how you're trying to be me friend.
I know it's cliche, but I got the Pad Thai and I'm happy to say that it was quite satisfying.
Ah, hit the spot!
Back in black!
This man walked into Ralph Lauren and asked for the U.S Polo Assn.
section Lmao
Now open at Harbor East in the Legg Mason Tower.
Open Tuesday to Saturday, 11 am to 7 pm and Sunday, 12 to 5.
they are from oregon!!
it's the portland scale blazers!!!
forget the new directions, that's my favorite show choir
Jeeves and Wooster looks interesting will check it.
no deal
RT out SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR My brother convinced me to jump off a roof.
I did and broke my arm.
the poo doesnt show up : he may have poo in his name and he may be brown but HE DOESNT STINK!
haha
Coming soon: BIG  FRIEND TIME!!
Q.
Why are hurricanes named after women?
A.
They're wet and wild when they come and take your house when they leave
Hugo is the gimp.
Thanks for your help!
you need a good highdef cam.
and image stabilization.
Subject needs to have microphonepin.
It's all in the postproduction.
its such a long season, when you play baseball.
shit playoff teams lose 70 games.
people are idiots
Hope you had fun at your first card night last night!
FOLLOW ME.
I follow back if you ask!!
;
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms out there including my very own!
Love you!
Don't forget to let us know where you're watching the Brewer game in Madison.
We want to bring Brewers fans together to watch the games!
Shout to for following now!
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups  plan builds may fail.
Should be clear by the weekend!
He said that I am a curious person.
Is that good or is that bad?

rumor has it that is pretty cool.
We should check it out b/f you skip town!
Great TV audition today with Jane Doe Casting.
Oh no, the old skool down 30 start a fight move.
hope u do show out !!!
make sure u dont come back with anything
No Nigga!
Im still Eating.
Kelsey will be interviewing The Rocket Summer tomorrow any questions?!
199 users!
Special bonus if a twitter follower becomes 200!
Depends on who you ask.
I'm at B'More City Hall..
Council's Taxation, Finance and Economic Development Committee is talking about massive problems with water bills
great video with Gov.
Christie!!
RT RT : When it rain in jax it rain all day/night  in lil spurts that last like 1520 mins a piecelol yep
Can't wait to go out tonight.
Motivation to write papers none...
I dont fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time.
I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times  Bruce Lee
I hate being
be careful
I'm looking forward to interview this week with , which recently announced sponsorship for
It's right after 's fab editors Jen and Steph give their Muse2012 hour of power session...perfect timing!
Lolz RT why are you talking like your black?
cuz I talked to a black guy todaymy brother
it's my only son, so I can't help it
Oh, new ipod touch arrived!
I gave you an honest suggestion ;
Your welcome : glad to see other people on here supporting Alona or her PLL character 3
Wait...it's back up!
Watching your momma.
PTL
you're a hater hater.
oh my god it never ends.
Oh wait, now I'm a cricket.
Who wants to go to the Ducks' Spring game this weekend?

might I just Say FK you mister Fitzgerald and Mister Walker.
U didnt have 2 tweet it, u jerk, lol
2011 Commencement DVDs are now available to be picked up at the box office.
If you have not put in an order you still can!
Note to parents: don't take your child to a restaurant in tap shoes.
we will raise awareness of this important initiative
That's kewl
wahh.
Wish I could doctorve to taco bell and just buy onee
Bet the bf isn't too happy!
RT : breaking: NASCAR postpones The Daytona 500 for 1st time in 54 yrs due to rain.
At church kind boring.
Some people make the world special just by being in it!
Blessed are those who can Take without forgetting and give without remembering
get better soon3
hooray, congrats!
Hey he asked for my number what do I do!!!
i look at the worldwide trends to see if anything good is trending.
the first thing i see is Sex Position.
LOL;
OH MY GOSH.
SNOOKI COLFER.
I CANT.
i love him cause he is very talented and a great inspiration and he loves all his fans and shows it
When I teared up when played Party Girl back in february.
Ahh good times.
:
Someone told me they spent their weekend with a 4 Rush/Jammit track and said it was the cheapest weekend's entertainment he'd ever had.
:
All this inDesign and projects makes me crave pizzashuttle I think before I go home I will indulge muhahaha
On thr way to the gym...sun is shining...so far a perfect sunday!
I'm game!
JIST'S new website has launched!
Check it out, sign up for our emails, and view dozens of special offers at www.jist.com!
congratulations!
Today is an amazing day and I am sure you are over the moon with joy Way to manifest your goals into reality
Do you ever train people with former eating disorders like anorexia?
Well, you'll just have to visit Milwaukee sometime and check them out for yourself!
My favs are paste and join.
Great for making a database in one line.
When did you buy your first family Piano?
Reading is the magic key to take you were you want to be!
Anna, 1st grader
I grew up in rural Oregon...
A worn Copenhagen ring in your back pocket of Levi 501's...
Now that was cool!
lol have fun in it!
You can make wild ducks tame, but you can never make tame ducks wild again.
Thomas Watson, Jr., founder of IBM
Hey  why the fk doesn't Google Docs work in Chrome?
Riddle me this!!
Let me see that booty bounce!!!!
ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou heart beats faster why arent you here?!
nick; samm ; logantheir nicknames
yes nets have the  but sure he dont wanna stick around and be out the playoffs for 5 more years.
No where's he sitting!!!
All the foreign language teachers are debating the relationship between translation, cultural context and literal meaning.
Yay!
Did you like the Hunger Games?
As of this morning 70 of final grades have been submitted.
A final reminder is being sent to instructors shortly.
oh Rich, it's not, but a ruination is.
Cheers!
by the smell of the kitchen...
there will be beautiful dinner tonight hungry :b
A huge, colassal, messy one.
Loving all the cheap free swag at ncsl.
My fav are the state geological map postcards.
But I'm a nerd.
Wish I had a kettle in my room though
I'm up to 18 followers!
Woohoo!
i say tomorrow we do it lmfao jk
SAD!!!!
Don't talk about my kitteh boyfriend that way :
I wanna get fancied up sometime soon.
It's been TOO long.
So we will have to see if any of you ghosts and goblins can spot me tomorrow evening...
Happy Halloween in any case...
Jesus, Nicki Minaj is such an awful hot mess.
Don't want to rush things but I like him 
there are programs for that.
Mad, grumpy, disappointed.
I'm going to bed.
can you remove a person from a group shot and make it look good?
thing has to be a pain to lug around.
Old people say the darnedest things!
MY MAMA THOUGHT SHE HAD A TUMOR BUT THE ULTRASOUND SHOWED IT WAS ME
we balled dude!
I try to keep n touch with my exs cuz before we were a couple we were friends so y throw away a great friendship
I love my mother so much
are you about planning out your future or are you about living in the moment??
and if you feel that way, go on and kiss your baby!
Bouncing at Birds tonight...yea i said Bouncing.
Amazing interview with John Lithgow on Chris did a really good job holding back and letting John tell his story.
I can't read another tweet, rest in peace WhitneyHouston I'll sing I Love The Lord in my shows..I love you!!
INDEEdoctor : For those of you who want to waste a few minutes, here's Amber Rose' new single!
Fame bit.ly/zTZAXv
what's your favorite food??
626:
Could be a crackhead, got hold of the wrong stuff.
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning.
The answer is yes!
Kind of like Chicago but not as mean spirited.
Could be 75, could be 45.
Kind of like your SF in the summer : 

thanks 4 the follow!
I'm a huge JITM fan!!
xo, Otter
Omg: Today's been really good, tired but happy:
I want see The Avengers, but Chicago movie ticket prices are 
Work is over.
Time to hang out with the huas.
thx for the link!!
Saw and a host of amazing comedians tonite w/ Off the Chain Productions!!
Just showing luv!
Follow dope!
yes can't wait.Mona will be all gloomy after breakin up with u :
i am for real.
follow me back.
No, just me ;.
I need my space
same man!
How have you been?
Was in LA for a couple days recently and thought about hitting you up.
Seattle soon?
so the Mic I want is a shure super 55.
brand new is 300.
But tommy found it on eBay for 170 in new condition What would u do
Yes you should ;
maior amiga sorry for not go with you practice this awesome sport judo, but i've test .
anyway spain is still waiting us :D
Lol I think swim lessons would be fun but would I be the only adult with a bunch of kiddies?
I've watched the South Park song about San Diego five times for journalistic purposes and now can't get it out of my head.
Catchy tune.
I love a sweet revolution!!
That is why I love!
is a lovely hostess.
She offers her home to you and makes you delicious pancakes
my brother grew out of asthma.
It will be ok!
These Mets just battle
Neybor is about automated real estate marketing.
Slideshows, property web site,syndication,stats, agent/owner collaboration, etc.
It's been ah min oml
thingswomenshouldstopdoing Resisting the coal miner's stink pickle!
That's how I got a former Ms.
West Virginia as my wife!
Ol Floppy '11!
are you for real?
You actually can sit through that show?
I hate not being able to tweet something that's on my mind in knowing someone's gonna see it 
About to hang with my girl !
So excited
Yup in the middle of the night starving, going for some kebab!
:
THE COUNCIL tonight!
Bring the person you want to marry.
It's cool now.
Brew Crew Or Die
Are dvds still around?
;
I just might have access to a batmobile this summer.
Impressed yet?
Who would break into a church and steal 20,000 worth of presents for foster childoctorn?
Smfh...
This world is beyond screwed up.
We are under 36hrs away from taping Ep3 of UpLate at tomorrow night!
Join us in of ClevHts.
TKTS FREE
is the real or spam
Tonight CKY with Black Cowgirl, Chuck Shaffer Picture Show and Synthetic Nightmare, Doors  7:00pm
Damn about that sleep I just got 
WeWontWorkOut if you don't know how to treat a lady
very funny!
omg!
Preparing for interviews is less stressful these days.
It's all about timing, fit and a little bit of luck of course!
My name is Daly.
I'm an aholic.
3WordsOfAdvice Hear No Evil
omg yes Thats the worst part, I had mine last week not cool, having to hold it
Thanks Bro...
RT : Assume Sweat's decision is based on concussion history.
Smart kid.
Has already been accepted to a number of law programs.
Today would be a great day for you to make me the 19th person you follow!
A good reminder.
I've been thinking about mission statements a lot lately.
I think they need more frequent review.
Once again weather sucks!
they were epic the day he signed, can't wait until Romo starts to struggle this year
credit should go to Robinson not deboer
Weird: You can run HTTP servers on 0.0.0.0 and 127.0.0.1 off the same port.
Sometimes one answers, sometimes the other.
Okay.
There were way too many disturbing torture scenes in this week's Game of Thrones.
no.
I'm not happy with american idol right now.
:
if you find one, let me know if he has a friend :P lol
I never get tired of listening to oldies, type of shit that will always stick with me.
Our trio's down to two Just watched The Lion King yesterday.
Hadn't seen it in so long.
So good!!!
lol that like what we do in shop.
But instead its inside are work mobile .
Lol
I love you too gorgeous3
right...
are these the books by the guy who's done nothing but write about Jackson his whole career?
I got u boss....well kick it tomorrow!
Hey!
IMU Nig!
And Thanks For That Shirt :
best problem to have
acquired 's twitter password
Agreed,  don't think he's a perfect model of activism, but his work goes well beyond PR.
At least he's doing something.
You keep calling them fake but you keep on being their friend, so what does that make you?
Gonna miss the shit out of monaco and moresco :
oh yeah!
Let's Skype!!
makes me sad, but id rather it be cold than hot
What a weird day.
And it's only gonna get weirder.
Gambling debts forced me to sell my computer.
It's been fun knowing everyone past 24 hours.
Going back to life on the run..
out.
what is lying about.
awww that used to be my show!!!!wyd up still wAtching it???go to bed!!!
Man the shit that go on in my head I'm surprised I ain't spazz yet

thank you for keeping us informed and entertained all day long!
Just saw a Portlandia reference.
I need more of that show, like now.
Thanks for the shoutout on my latest piece, Tariq.
I appreciate it.
I hope you are well.
I'm 2 for 4 so far in the 750k late pick 4.
Need the last 2 races to be 4 1 and I'm 
Thanks for following!
Good to know a real estate expert down under!
ndpl what is the benefit for users, for libraries, for the nation?
no no boo I'm a rising star and you a never was star lmao you a wanna be!!
Its a lawsuit about the NFL covering up what they knew about concussions
Three Wines of Serbia tastings in Chicago this week with the owner and winemaker mister Aleksandoctorvic!
Ty Lawson is so fast
wtf.
87 F in middle GA, march 18!
Sunny and nice but what happened to spring?!
yea they always seem to K a lot against him, I think he had one game last yr or 2 yrs ago where he went nuts
Voiting against amendment one will harm more childoctorn and their future...vote YES!
u not bout to defend man kind in my mentions...
people aint shit...
thats my story and im stickin to it
Year 2011:Baby you light up my world like nobody else.
Year 1836:Infant, thee enliven thy globe like no other.
You got it!
Private msg me at
So many unfollowers D:
Tough bug bounty programs exclude amateurs
Taz got me cracking up
with my new airtel broadband, I can finally stream those grooveshark tunes!
Yoooooo everyone go follow my twitter bff She is thee coolest!
She's actually too cool 8 I just can't take it.
Ahah :D
Twitter just sent me an email that people have tweets for me?
What.
The.
Fuck.
Did I miss a memo ?
Just saw a darksiders 2 trailer on tv....
Cant wait!
Why can't I talk to a person and just be friends with them?
.
I don't even want a relationship right now.
I doctorve a cab.
A wristband would be a conversation starter.
Amazing what you learn about people once conversion is started.
and I are going to be a hit songwriting couple in the very near future!
doctoramt that  I met on Microsoft campus.
We had lunch in the employee cafeteria.
ImagineAustin gives u a necklace.
It was his white necklace.
A: I promised myself to give it to someone I'll be with forever!
Y: I love it!
The logic of u'r statement is ...
sorry, can't think of a statement which could highlight u'r stupidity in a simple enuf form
Time to work out!
On the elliptical or as I call it Weapon of Ass Reduction!!
Treat me like a king that I am, guarantee I will treat you like the queen you are
lol yea I know.
Okay: I'll text you :D
Music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a ping because the iPhone they're playing from keeps receiving texts.
I choose to pick it up but...
I just got mine today and there were only three items.
Wondering if some got lost.
u do hve gorgeous eyes I showed ur pic to my Sis and she was amazed!!!
Lol
You're welcome!
I'm glad you received it.
That's greatDavid Pascoe's books are right next to yours, on my shelf!
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Aristotle
SUP dude?
I know a boy genyus beat is not in my near future...
Lol!!
I heard u got a good placement this time...
LAKERS WIN!!
OT HELL YEAH!
MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD!
LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords.
WOO!
TeamLakers!
why yo butt hurt?
I can build you pr10, 9's and less links to your site hugh help, but the question is how old is your site
is awesome.
Follow me at Chris Lukens.
All services under one name.
the huskies should have at least tied we hit the fricken pipe.
fml i hate gopher fans; they are so stupid!
the overlap is where the fun is :
This Week
Thanks for the FF.
Have a great weekend!
Looks like gas prices are doctorpping.
Thanks, Obama.
About to curl up in bed and read The Happiness Project.
So far it's a bit too selfhelpy for my taste, but we'll see.
How do u get up from an all time low
yes, but usually its the DJ's knee caps, when he won't take requests
Gotta make the song cry
I'll be running late tomorrow but Thursday I'm there from 1012.
just added a new follower.
How you handled this and didn't duck and run, its refreshing.
You trolled ESPN for a paycheck.
i love skeeball!
If you wanna book Madbeast for a show, were looking!
Hit up us up on here with a DM, or .
Or lemon.heads
Ready to get this training over with
smh I hate that with a passion lol
Amazing  and unsettling  how quickly new technology changes our lives.
And that curve is getting steeper and steeper...
Stay up and watch doctorw Hastings on Leno!
: I'm about 20 seconds away from taking a nap on the floor.
haha.
Well I'm not going to school today!
I want a one direction doll and a Cody Simpson doll
Its a SouthernPlayalistiCadillacMuzik kinda day....
Jennifer, dm me  I'll send you a galley of molly's book.
Ta Rust me, u will love!
I cant tell from peacock and teal.
They both look so similar.
Ugh.
your not on there anymore?
that's what happens if you keep looking around instead of focusing on what's in front ;
PLEASE SHARE: The Chamber Luncheon has been CANCELLED for tomorrow!
:
Way too early for me to go.
I can't make it before 6:30 PM.
: Y'all gonna watch The Voice and Smash tonight?
guilty pleasure
bye!!!
we will see ya'll in L.A.
LOL
i remember march 9th...
I was walking up to random people tables in applebee's asking them if they were Directionersfrom the NYC group.
know i was thinking about it, but saw that a librarian was doing it.
Haven't been able to get in touch with my mom yet today...she sailed on a pirate ship today and had a cannonball fight with another boat
MT : Who in ICT4D is on Google Plus?
We are making a list!
bit.ly/q3YcxH Follow link  leave a comment to be added...
hey.
How u been sir?
Just a reminder, the OEP online store is temporarily down as we convert to a new and improved system!
We appreciate your patience!
what was the name of that anime series you were telling me about today?
I am sure that it will not surprise you that I am not watching it, but let me know if you figure out how to record.
RT Try to identify the ideas being discussed rather than trying to focus on and understand every word
I know right!
I'm excited to see how it turns out :
Dodgers up :
Having to write a proposal in Word, without images, is surprisingly freeing.
There's no doubt that the words actually matter!
Guy's I love Harry, Zayn, Liam, Louis, and Niall!!
I love One Direction.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!!
Try the new Jalapeno Jam burger for a little 'kick'!
Healthy breakfast suggestions.....
Playing in Rosenberg at the shed on Saturday!
A lot of awesome bands are gna be there.
Table next to us is smoking a joint in Broadoctorpple Buffalo Wild Wings.
Kids at multiple tables around them.
i think he's in the island right now for z100
oh no!
Bummer, but good run!
Jazz making a push at the end
OK, book manuscript, I came to get down.
I hate that feeling when you know your in trouble but you don't wanna face it.
Too many questions, not enough answers...
Went To Court For My Liver, They Hit Me With Murder!
im in love with the wake up callcover by alex pelzer
I am so honored and lucky to have such wonderful creative collaborators!
You all make my heart sing!
Just trying to stay focus!
Staying in touch with those that
: unless of course there are also coyotes commuting to work
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
i told her that n she said there is nothing worth living for after being bullied n hurt by bullys
I would take over and DJ at this party lol
love seeing players hugging their kiddos on field!
Guys, just because I doctorss slutty doesn't mean I am slutty.
in jacksonville.
maybe.
Watch NBC 15 News at 10 where we will have a story on the Demolition Derby that took place in Lodi last Friday.
its legit and just like limewire
well you do that's because we have bigmouthswag !!!
Lolol
This week is flying by, which means the weekend will be here before we know it!
Don't forget about our Free Coffee Friday!
6am10:30 am
and outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies, you got green on your mind I can see it in your eyes.
Did you know EVERY doctorss on the racks this year are BRAND NEW from David's Prom/David's Bridal?!
We are so grateful!
All at once, everything is different now that I see you.
Tangled
Tea parties cause Titanic to sink.
When will the violence end?
Week 2: vs.
Connecticut.
Saturday April 21  Franklin Field 8:00pm.
Ask me about a discount code!
People are starting to look like animals..
I got hit in the nuts today.
Not a good feeling.
Wow...what a sad, angry man you are!
Yes, our President will be reelected and, with any luck, Arpaio will be indicted.
RT I think I want to go to Long Horn if u paying let's go lmao
why cant I be normal
I'd have sex with
Blake griffin matched up against Gasol.
computer reservation.
yo Devin Im gona be at the show tomorrow and im filming my audition for the pit reporter wondering if you would be in it!
lolol I'm getting my permit in september .
lololol xD are you comming to florida anytime soon ?
Fresh Up Out That Water
Thank you doll!
Miss you.
Hope you're doing well
I just learned that tonight.
//: i love smithwicks
Spirits and Spirit, Tastes and Taste, Styles and Style, Beets and Beat; Come see what I mean !
Thanks for the offer, and thanks for your blog...it is a great resource!
.
Highest praise!
I am honored, oh queen ;
s/o to my new follower I'm rocking with you baby
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
During interviews many husbands insisted on staying in interviews w/vet wives were confused interview wasnt about them
The Nats are like 162 little heart attacks.
And I hope maybe a few more.
I guess at some point you start to run out of team names ...
Came to work to find decorations everywhere  all the items on my desk wrapped.
Thanks for my amazing bday gift!
I love !
Jaguars trade up to get Blackmon, but what good is that when you don't have a QB?
If you can even call that dancing!
Preakness Party tomorrow night can't wait!!!
Hmm hackysacks got banned from our school?
Whats so bad?
You dont like seeing boys kick around balls?
Is that your reason?
Hey good seeing you again!
I'm looking forward to connecting with you and the
how do u think u did on the test and what did u make on the notebook check?
Netflix night.
no no skype for me..
We didn't make the top 25, but Portland is listed as one of Five More U.S.
Cities Making Strides for Walkers.
What do you think?...
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.
African Proverb
cool.
Sometimes I shied away from following folks that have a lot of tweets because I thought they were just bots
already follow
Tonight: Shooting photos of The Naked and Famous.
The show better meet at least one of those criteria.
Preferably both.
What if the big Jelena secret is  getmarried!!
AH!
that would be CRAZAYYYY
I can't wait to move back to orange county in january!
yah I'm on my way there right now and thank you Gona do my best reppin beantown
I'm sending him a four page letter..
Amen RT : Happy for the NHLDucks tearing it up in IIHF but bitter that it's the IIHF and not the WCF......
Y'all Gon Help Me Find Some?
Must Be Legal, Clean, Good Hair, And Not A Cancer.
Under 46.
YOU SPAM EVERYONE.
You better finish your doctoram team.
I got a 95 in her class now, I had an 89
One advantage of being madisonsmc member you can also be a National SMC member  Resonable fees and helps the local group
I'M HIRING IN CANADA!
Dist Sales Mngr in Vancouver and PT Retail Coord in Calgary.
Send me your resume:
congrats on graduating btw
I Fight doctorgons is like the king of video games 8bit music genre.
...and all I could think wasyou're so cool!
from True Romance 
Childoctorn are learning that saving is good bot NOT learning HOW to save
you're welcome!
I just bought 37 new clocks.
I am so fired up for tonite that i can hardly contain myself.
Divide 1987thru 2017 into computational eras
This movie is so sad:
: can't have a moose in city limits Hahahahahaaha..
killedit Hahaha!
Shut up!
Bynum is the most dominant 7footer in the league.
It was!
Now the question is, what will she do about it?!
Can't wait.
But there isn't any service.
That sucks.
How does only have 1M followers?
thunderstorms are sexy..
Locked  loaded and ready to hit 2012!!
NFL doctorft is approaching soon!
It's that time boys  girls: Let's go Heat!
something you could...hmm.
check out our music and get back at us.
Peace
it goes in one ear  right out the other , people talkin shit but you know it never bothers 
Partaking in the Nooner at Earth House.
So far, so good!
Check them out: last Friday of every month, 121.
Why can I not identify the pic with the back of your head?
After a memorable season series in the everintensifying rivalry between the Capitals and Penguins
Every time my phone autocorrects oy to it I feel like it doesn't know me AT ALL.
So alienating...
Your really cute : Just thought I would let you know.
Okay, bye.
nobody has the right to judge a Mother to her face!
The middle school student who may be disruptive in school and doesnt follow directions may have a speechlanguage disorder.
I find that very offensive but 100 true!
I'm so out of shape.
Running to Taco Bell was horrible
Lol.
Twitter sees your murder threats too, you know.
personaldatingad : must be okay that I smash plates when I'm angry.
But only happens when I'm wasted and watch 500 days of summer.
Always.
oh well i am so how bout those apples
halloween was so cool.
i was the burger king dj...
No thank you..
haha!
Way to represent NZ!
RT : Phew!
Finished telling our story at
cause lord knows a hit didn't!
Lol...I will take it
this game cray
Dj Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of peak 9 in Breck startin in 15 min come get a beer after u shred

I may have missed a beat on your tweets...
For that, I apologize.
In any event, let's make this year count for our lives.
Damn I know I fucced up a lot of times but that doesnt mean that its not gunna change.
Really?
Why is this lady ok with the stupid cop?
This view from under the Struggle bus is amazing!
Get it?
Under the bus?
Struggle bus?
No?
Never mind 
Had so much fun with everyone at prom tonight: :
Prom showing at guard tonight!
Thanks!!
RT : congrats on the crowd!
Those sandwiches are worth it!
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!!
33 i LOVE u..
lmao at LAC chanting 'refs you suck'
Mommy cooking some Fish Eggs  Grits And I'm Finna Bang!!
That girl is so hot!
You know what we need to do?
We need to go roll her house tonight as a prank...
Anonymous 28 year old
in the lucky one!!
I saw you walk into the theatre!
RT: Nothing is better than seeing your ex with someone uglier than you.
Loex2012 Winning recipes of Online Instruction for 1st years....not all LibraryInstruction is gourmet meal, sometimes peanut butter  jam
my man wassup bro!
Everything is good homie!
Just grindin it out!
You good family???
You are NOT a liberal.
You are NOT a conservative.
You ARE a HUMAN BEING and your life makes a tremendous difference!
Use it well.
:
Anyone have any scary movie suggestions that are also on Netflix?
cheerup vocal rush wishes you a happy birthday jackie, and we hope that things start to get better today !!
We're heading over to City Heights Square to meet with civic engagement seniors.
You're not really as funny as you think you are....
Dear Spider, unless you pay rent, you cannot live in my house.
what was the jazz pandora station you had on around 6pm tonight?

such a great springtime song.
:
the courts better pick up the pace and do the right thing then.
B4 someone does something rash, the atmosphere is ripe for it.
LOVE ALERT!!!
We LOVE eating at Da's Thai Cafe in the Princeton NJ YWCA
Innovation is an endurance sport says
Happy birthday dad!
I hope you enjoy your day as much as I will be enjoying your cake!
:
Hi Amigos :D
ACL reconstruction recovery, day 2.
Just me and the cats at the home office.
believes the hardest thing about learning to ride a horse is the ground.
Stock market in Q4: Europe has a plan...stocks rise.
Next day turns out that plan sucks ...stocks crash.
Rinse and repeat.
Irish coffees, christmas cookies  tree decorating w/
Man my arm hurts.
situation brings up the issue: who is responsible when a library's user violates the TOS?
Hey now that the shows over can you do covers on YouTube?
Cause and I would love to hear Sex On Fire :  Love Ya!!
Rushing to print off my paper and get to class!!
Then studying all day for my trainer exam.
: Go dogs!
HOPE YOU UNDERSTOOD THAT
Which polling place?
Boarding my flight to ATX.
See you next week, DC.
when you test doctorve a car and it dies at a stoplight
: thx babe...nice mtg you!Pleasure was all mine love.
I look 4ward 2 da next time.
Hmu.
Come out 2 my shoot 2moro.
I love that the flight attendant just told us we r on a plane that is the 2nd smallest in the fleet.
No shit.
There is 0 room in bulkhead
Congrats Vandy and Florida State!!
Big wins!!
I will be down to celebrate with Vandy in May!
Wait till he gets his solo.
It's friggin sick!
Glad I'm grandfathered in for unlimited data; I used 52GB last month!
RT : Differentiation  key!
Agree : A4.
Avoid becoming a commodity..offer something your competitors dont...
i have 4 fuckin celebrities following me!!
Ah!
is my hero.
Leaving the obvious choice...RT : Hooray!
RT : The four teams plus Rose Bowl exemption model is also off the table.
Could I be wrong about next weekend?
Sure, but this is why I am going warm yet into next weekend!
We shall see!!
can't wait to hang out with you guys tonight!!
Who is Don Iver or whatever his name is...
Wow really Best New Artist?
Hum
Ignorance is an affliction?
You think I can get Gary to give me some stoopid pills?
I'm not every girl..
And I dont need that world to validate me
i wonder what finn and rachel are gonna buy with that 5 c;
Live Streaming now on www.iBand.me !!
Join us!
I'm craving pancakes omg
The truth is out there?
Does anyone know the URL?
Am I the only person who didn't love Bridesmaids?
ah, cultural difference  branston pickle..a relish, coupled with a sharp cheddar, also staples of a ploughman's lunch
yo that shit sounds terrible.
That's that jail hookup
yeah right on
uh oh does that mean I have to start looking out for you :
looks cool dude!
Fool I knew u were gonna retweet that.
aw thanks twitter if I could please gget
I'd love to take photos of you for my book.
my pleasure
I listen to ALL the babymakin music, love songs  sad songs before i go to bed everynight
just till Friday:
A couple of newplay TV technical glitches.
But we are up now!
Click on a menu and select cheerily.
If you order Typhoon or Chevy's, delivery is free!...
Too cool.
I would love to fine something like that/
3 pairs of jeans purchased 3 holes in the knees!
Quality issue?
Done shopping there!
Abraham might not have been the first person that God asked but he might have been the first person that said yes.
Maybe they meant her vs.
it

follow us b 400 win surprize gift !
we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM  1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!WE BUY GOLD
Take your life in your own hands and what happens?
A terrible thing: no one to blame.
Erica Jong
Double up!
But seriously.
Such an irresponsible cause to support.
It's not just harmful to your own kid, but to others!
So ready for tonight.
Just joined , so planning a lil review of OFW to post there.
congratulations!!
A good feeling
Let's all go spray tanning.
I think it's a combination of Betancourt and Hoffman
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND!
!
find him on youtube: he loves fishes lol3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets.
Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you leave.
Lol the kush nap?
what up doctoramer I just woke up myself lol
How the heck did Kemp hit that ball that far to right?
Perfect!
: D
channels gran tarino guy  get off my yard!
I appreciate that, man.
I really do.
Hahaha.
omg, you guys..
have you had the new snickers peanut butter yet?
holy crap.
No rest for the wicked.
Thanks for the RTs!
So tired
It hurts me seeing a girl cry.
I want to comfort her as long as I can...
Or Ill end up crying too.
Zayn Malik
Planking  Dumb
Listening to Avenged Sevenfold,txting the boyfriend and about to go kill me some Zombies !!!
lol :D :D
White clouds and Chan Chinese  Daily Pioneer
1 more hour ...
Make no judgements where you have no compassion.
Anne McCaffrey 
It's almost over
comfort food with an ethnic twist!
RT : made the african peanut stew this afternoon.
Hooked!
A6: Never give up!
Learn from each rejection and know something else will come along.
Thursday is the new Fridayright?
do you think this buys Millwood more time with this outing?
no sadly :' because in his bio he says I don't text fans
In this country you make the money first.
Then when you get the money you get the power.
Then when you get the power then you get the women
I felt raindoctorps today for the first time in months
Bout to hit
I feel like I should be chanting with here in my living room.
That would just be crazy.
Right?
The Exorcist, because I've never seen it on a big screen.
...and because I'm a somewhat shameless whore.
I'm not a slut.
I'm just extremely social;
you obviously wouldn't understand lol
I Had all fun at six flags today with my ucity nigga's
Always have that feeling when I send that message
doctornking from the fire hose
Haven't flown United Airlines in a decade.
Now I remember why, NO legroom!!
Never again.
And I'm fadin' so.
Wrap your arms around my soul.
WHAT'S UP WIT YOU HOMIE
InMiddleSchool we nearly died at a CC practice, got JP the lizard, learned we are twins, and rode the bench during basketball
i watched that in my L.A calss today :
Topping Throwdown: Pepperoni vs.
Extra Cheese.
Ready, set, VOTE!
When it suited her agenda.....
Lawrence Ferlinghetti, in 1960, thinks the 49ers will beat the Giants.
Looks like I'll be taking the independent publishing route
hope they will be okay.
Seeing my 8 year old daughter in cargo pants today for the poem in your pocket festivities at school really made me happy.
We know you can get growlers from and Where else do you get your growlers from in and around Atlanta?
Sigh wanted to visit Daz in london next year w a 10k euro ept seat locked up!!
Call of Duty!
100 keeping the vodka flowing!
Great job repping sac and NorCal  I call shotgun if you and win cars
Cranky.
Time for coffee/pastry from Paris Baguette.
Tax Time Special!
Save some bucks.
Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 15 off your rate for the evening!!!
Expires April 18th 2010.
DWYCK Gangstarr ft.
Nice and Smooth, one of my favorites of all time!
Hello Chicago
: What did you all think of BackStageRush tonight?!
YAY The book arrived from : Very excited to read cover to cover!
rumor has it :p
Till the sky falls down.
Dash Berlin
Spending the rest of the day at the Magic Kingdom!
I'll reach out to the guys at the store on Monday and get back to you
on da phone
this made me laugh...good question
Also, my mom made some fresh pumpkin bread and some fried pork loins.
If I wore red today I could be mistaken for Santa.
Way to go guys!
: CG baseball beat Cathedoctorl 31 tonight!
Juniors Nick Owen and Josh Piper pitched for the Trojans.
Nothing says Holidays like airport bagel sandwiches!
Thanks to everyone who came out to for the Springboard exhibit yesterday.
I was there in spirit from NY!
Better not watch that at work in case I get emotional; I'll save it for later!
Top of the 9th with a tied game 11 Dodgers and
Happy birthday to coArtistic Director/Producing Director/fearless leader Scott Alan Evans, who's at work on CHILdoctorN even on his bday!
think you're right; glad her story was told.
RT Yes you are BC.
Just troubled enough!
Better check with the legal dept first
babe I've already have voted and can you vote each day?
Actually considering a tattoo...
.and with this SHITTY week I have had...
its possible
I'M DOWN!
hahaha i'll send u a pic when i get on my computer.
The Melloy family has been in the New Mexico automotive business since 1955.
We're proud to serve our community!
8887604136
Animal Farm
THX and took the time to meet  make a lasting impression on some of our youth.
Muthafuckas take me for a joke.........
I might as well paint my face like da joker an laugh an clown fuckas all daydnt give a Fuck
Anyone else excited for the TV commercial law to go into effect?
The one where the volumes can't be louder than the show you're watching?
: Don't start a conversation with me if you're just going to randomly stop...
I couldn't agree more!
RT : It actually makes me happy that C.C.
Sabathia has no idea how to intentionally walk someone.
Sad that he did anyway, though.
typically that's done out of legal issues related to throwing events.
but it's also true that few promoters these days professort.
or 40 blankets!
haha we made sure we went and got shit before it started to storm..
More
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens.
Looking really nice.
nah u gettin sexy
and I wasn't represented in Precious.
Yoga Wednesday!
smokin that bin laden weed
alright guys im off to bed oh yea be sure to check out my MW3 Tip of the day tomorrow
wackness like this is disgustingly common :
Thanks for the plug, Jackie!!
Love the song!
; xoxo
somehow your congrats sounds phony when you have to bring yourself in it....
I'm glad I found someone else who understands how surprisingly disgusting papayas are.
OZMGOD, those pants
I love you!!
SMH...
Black people.
lmao bro he said , I've been kicked outta better homes then this !
dh2010 Wondering how many librarians are here.
I'm not sure yet.
You?
Ha!
They should.
RT : Everybody should try ' modified guacamole dip at least once in their life!
Lol
Help give an amazing 2011!
Spread the word!
Were you ever in love with Sydney or were you just playing the game the whole time ?????
Hula dancing with my thumbs up
Good luck needs no explanation.
Shirley Temple Black
When's the next hurling practice?
I gotta get on it!
there is now a dating site just for gingers, kudos internet for trying to quarantine the disease
Teaching is mostly motivation, making them do the same thing over and over again.
Once you get over the hump it gets easier!
Facebook just made my day worse :/
one direction : you have a crush on busted?
: not a crush..
more like a gidy feeling XD
Studying for my doctorwing class final....
give me focus so i can finish strong..
ayee justin!
remember that little 14 year old boy singing aye aye aye i miss him.
BUT THAT BOY GREW UP TO B A GENTELMAN 3
recording of moms voice?
Neighbors are roasting a pig over a pit in the backyard.
Am I back in Hawaii?
Stocking Stuffer Deals: Two for one novelty earbuds, peace signs, skulls, pill capsules, ...
new items daily.
Delivering bad news to good people always sucks.
:
Doing college and university research with 32 AVID students......
whew
Last six months: Skyrim.
Next six months: Fez.

in Hstn this weekend, maybe we can catch up
Off to do 1860s sexism, primary sources, historical thinking  old newspapers with 7th graders at w/  co
Happy that Bob Dylan is back on Spotify
Show done.
Time to kick back and watch our friends entertain the crowd while we savor the fun filled set we did.
You deserve amazing tweet Israel : Thank you so much!
Someday will give you big love for your tweets.
: 
super psyched for the AIMS kickoff in my backyard in Owings Mills, MD on September 26th.
GO PLPeeps.
God, grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference...
We love it!
They are more than welcome to practice here!
next time!
We'll make a bro date
Soon every girl will have the perfect guy all the guys will have the perfect girl.
No need to worry, just gotta wait.
Gettin ready for PQ Premiere Soccer  PQ Stampede Football this weekend!
Game ON!
: Hahahaha my life is crazy ...
In so many ways ..
WOW hope the best kind of cray cray
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, Don't ask me a stupid question
Davies would be a good get.
Agreed!
RT : I really hope has a State Farm commercial with a Ryan Braun guest appearance.
Thanking him for another day.
Good morning fam!
...what?!?!
Omg I had 1 at Wilson street!!!
Mama said if u didn't win I'm gonna whip u!!!
fightpromoter ijs lmao
me too.
Miss your tweets
your mom is adorable loved her on the show today
Haha!
I don't know what that means, but I'm happy to support you homie.
Hope you nail your goals in the race.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
come in for brunch and stay warmed up by our fire!
3 mimosas!
currently hiding on Reno, courtesy of my employer.
At least I got to see some cool cars today.
WTR TV ch 218 time warner the village 7pm new
Keep it in my gardening tool box at all times, along with a stick and knife, sticks make for great tools.
On orders of NowFollowing :
Don't get me wrong Cards, you're playing great and I love you...but I also love sweeps.
Let's go for more of those.
reallythepirates?
Wednesday is ok because I go to school late  have pretty easy classes  Thursdays ok because your getting ready for Friday.
So it's midnight:36 nd I have enough energy to go egg some houses around my neighborhood, ah ha,
: What i wouldve done today to sleep in take a ball to the eye?
Finding Goatse: The Mystery Man Behind the Most Disturbing Internet Meme in ...
Gawker
Beary Christmas around the world to all the Extended Aplin Family!
Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
Last friday night, yeah we danced on table tops,  we took to many shots.
Think we kissed but I forgot!
well i wont give up on us god knows im tuff even tho we still got alot to learn God know we r worth it3 Love you please follow?
WTF O NOW IM MAD.
God loves you:
Mon 8/15 Mark Towns  Tribology at Oyster House Studio City CA 10pm Tribology is an eclectic mix of jazz, funk, fusion, and Latin grooves
Wow.
This female just offered to pay for foams.
PSA: rt'ing race baiting thugs for no apparent reason will be grounds for an unfollow
We're a proud sponsor of Can't wait to join all the cyclists, runners and skateboarders on 4/15!
Yeah!!!
PATRIOTS we're going to the Superbowl!
We'd love that!
Can't wait :
Dallas Cowboys Wallpapers
would love to!
Send us deets!
Don't care about unnecessary things
I JUST MET LADY GAGAS MOM CYNTHIA AT JOANNE!
Djsnsjbdishdjjfjzkndjs dead.
Alec Lemon this game has 6 receptions, 124 yards and 1 TD.
aw lol!
Whatever you do..
Dont listen to i wish!!!
Avoid the sad songs haha.
:P
The GOP side of the room.
Talk about a group of sour pusses
smmfh at u
i got home yestaday but i might try an doctorve up
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities!
Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
making yummy rolls for tomorrows work party...oh my do they smell good!
Man that is fucking cool.
Could it get any better than that.
Right on man.
well if anything, it doctorves us back to the print edition.
So really you win either way.
the link with the 'www' definitely works.
the links at the bottom of your homepage do not and don't resolve
Dallas Cowboys in the house!
You know it's been an interesting weekend when your girlfriend texts you after a bachelorette party to tell you she got kicked in the face!
: poor thing  feel better!
We hope you all are having a wonderful Thanksgiving day!
We are thankful for each and everyone of you and your support of PIR.
Shoutout To !
She Is An Amazing Arianator, And SO Close To 6,000 Followers!!
Pay Her A Visit?
: xx
Thank you for watching this movies
Free relaxing sauna time on the metro today!
Relaxation not included
happy trail :D
Obama is in Albany today talking about nano technology.
We're trying to figure out nano tech affects your daily life.
Any ideas?
Encyclopedia Brown solves 12 mysteries a bookI should be able to juggle 2, especially if halfassedly.
Which is how I roll.
He has a kid!
You can't just overlook that.
And I still don't think something is right about him either.
Good Morning everyone , what's happening today?
King's opposition 2 Vietnam cost him significant support among many black churches  union leaders.
So let the youth spearhead!!
Access your assetsnot only money but also your own character and capabilities, your relationships, and other nonmoney resources.
If I get to be mister T, we can.
Mi Amor I Love You
Performed my first Stand Up last nite at The Hollywood Improv.
I've got the bug big time!!!
Depends on where I am...think that's a Bawlmer weekend!
RT : I just stopped home for a minute and Herman Cain was having sex with my entire family.
lol.
No.
I don't know.
I follow politics slightly more than American idol.
A Great Movie and should have won best picture was Salon Fishing in the Yemen.
Great Love Story with light messages about Life,
consider other peoples: lives, backgrounds,family,struggles  doctorams.
everyone believes
tits seem cleaner..
U can play with em all u want.
Ass gets stinky if u slap it around too much...the sweat build up reeks
Big complaint from edu11 vendors  long sales cycle.
If you're a vendor at edu11,  us to learn how we lower customer acquisition costs
Is MEAN in the playoffs
you'll do great!
:
As friends  friends w/ benefits y'all are excellent...anythings else...CHECK PLEASE!
YES WE DO lol
watevs i kno but like wu actions?
mine is Eh i have to pesent in front of my class im soo nervous
The Musink afterparty in Costa Mesa is off the chain!
Props goes out to Sullen
I think you're safe with either, though I might go for blue.
Of course you don't know if I have any fashion sense : good luck!
sweet!!!!
They gone make it...just need Durant to get his team to play sum defense in the next series of the playoffs.....
Thanks so much for the RT, Kaya!
I appreciate it
Pay day feels so good.
Now for the bills....
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you.
But when you're single; nothing...
Goodnight TeamBreezy , , ' My New Followers!
Love Y'all!
: 3
Just to let you know, if you're enrolled in classes for the Spring semester, your library access is carried over through the summer!
YES!
One of my goals is to have him coach me someday.
Hopefully.
I believe 3
you play the violin??
Which makes me wonder why he even said I do not consent in the first place
i am ready.
Gonna be another unforgettable album
Damn every ones got a thingy thing but me....lol
p.s i really really miss you
The Peru Project is Tonight!
at 7pm in Witherspoon Theater.
Just 5 to get in.See you there!
Just go away  stay away..
Please
Happy Mother's Day weekend!
We are you are celebrating your mom, a mom, or yourself!
who want my 1,000 Tweet
I wish someone would come to my house and train my kid to sleep.
I am seriously at a breaking point.
yeah I worked at the mall for a week then transferred to uptown
LOve you boo 3
It was great having you!
I'm not getting into this with you again.
Don't want to participate?
DON'T.
Plenty of others, however, do.
Random Thoughts: Let's home all of us contact AIG via their web site to tell them how mad we are about the bonuses.
nice to see get his mojo back last night.
keep it coming.
that's the best I've read on TINTIN yet
iTunes is missing the ability to queue songs kn the fly.
Yes, 6901 Biscayne blvd.
We will be open midmarch.
U can set an appointment to come by before then or order online.
Exactly what I didn't want to happen....happened!!!
UGH My father just screamed bout the phone bill, stupid phone why did you have to break!
tyrannosaurus Tuesday
Public Service Announcement: The Good friend is doctorpping FullyintheTux this November.
RT and pass it on!
Meals should include 3 foods from different food groups which to help meet your calorie and nutrient needs.
Glad to hear it!
Hope setup went smoothly and you had everything you needed!
Enjoy your welldeserved nap!
: family how r u this fine morning
More announcements are coming  including the BIG ONE.
It's going to be great!
PHX weather at the 16th hole of the WM PHX Open is highly recommended.
whenever BadGirlsClub comes on twitter is a straight sausage fest
A homeless man just asked me for change.
Told him I didn't have any pockets  he told me that next time I better come prepared.
glad you like the photos!
Doing my HOMEWORK!
Biology
Happy Friday!
BS call on Smith there
lololol RT : hahaha I've been called the songbird of my generation
Heya twitter people, anything good going on?
Anybody in Phoenix have any office space for rent.
Got to get out of the house.
We're sorry, but we cannot remove the title of the post.
We do not control Tumblr's functionality with Twitter.
Just watched the latest Downton Abbey and gotta say I'm still on Team Lavinia.
You have two more episodes to impress me, Lady Mary.
Been out  about this morningback at it here in the officegetting my groove on!
Birmingham civil rights museum
Golf Tournament week is here!
Call for details 7954066
ask Webster.
Lol good question though :
Be Victorious Pageant and Image Prep is ready for the 2011 pageant coaching season!
Book your sessions today!
www.BeVictoriousPrep.tk
yeah man!
you get the book?
These billboards all over town are really convincing this snob that  are literally the best schools in the world
So excited to sing for The Wings in a few minutes!!
Twice in 30 days.
Pissing me the fuck off.
hey my friend where can we buy some of your amazing wears!
Love them want to wear some for spring!!
Froedtert  The Medical College of Wisconsin has appointed Lee Biblo, MD, Chief Medical Officer.
S/0 Appreciate!
LOL mini heart attack!
:P
Well UK loses their 1st SEC series of the season.
Next weekend is huge though, playing 1 Florida at The Cliff.
Done.
RT:: should unblock her twitter so I can retweet her.
dollsinchitown
So that 2 percent from that next grade up will be added
I still doctoram of the day that I start a standing ovation for someone with a doctormatic slow clap.
not able to attend FETC this year.
does anyone have a suggestion for good tech PD outside of Ohio?
I wish things could be the same as they are in books.
Life would be worth living then.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that Gloria has a D next to his name
come check out the 1 and only night club like it surrender lasvegas Only
My top 5 Whitney tracks.
1How Will I Know 2I Want To Dance With Somebody 3Greatest Love of All 4Her Super Bowl 5I Will Always Love You
I've heard is in fact, watching.
Not sure Daron likes the taste of his own foot, though.
Forgot to thank you awhile back for the RT!
Hope we see you at Winterfest tomorrow :
Headed up to Norman, OK
Officially have nothing to look forward to in this world
Now you need another shower to get off the cat spit!
im a true directioner, i follow directioners that speak a diff language cause to me a directioner is a directioner even if idk what they say
you both should do a nigt together with and gt gothic crazy!
Be aware of your Unique Selling Point, and point it out to your audience.
This will further help separate you from the competition.
where do you work??
Honestly, having a gr8 time working and playing.
It's fun seeing grow so very quickly.
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
i just followed her too
no, it sucks ass.
It's hard to manage.
:
was he saying you will be upgraded?
:
Aww, no!
Did you smash stuff?
Did you get smashed?
Is that how you got killed?
Michigan looking slow.
I wish we'd wipe that smirk off of 0's face.
im ok my bf is ok and the pup is ok just thankful for that right now
This class is brutal  totally wishing I'd bailed for happy hour w/
SHOOTING: MECU ad campaign in Baltimore, MD
Nokia is so awesome for hosting this forward thinking party.
These tables are so fun!!!
Work 5am to 1pm 2day.
Then gt the boys.
Busy day ahead of me.
Hope ya have a gr8 day.
RT : Saw an amazingly powerful and true film last night, justdoit THANKS!!
Pastor just gave me a word, a person should not dictate your relationship with your jesus!!
hallelujah!
south asian american art festival may 1, 2010 in santa monica california, artists send jpegs to
Prank calling people with Marisol and Alexandoctor :
I agree with you 100 RT : Apple will always innovate.
It's in their DNA.
:
I'm already working on talking hubs into a 10k next year.
;
best hash tag ever
Lots of people reading it all of a sudden....dirty!
Expertsnow is your only place to get live consultation ; Stop wondering about the answer...just come to expertsnow and get your answer
Good Moorning guys...
Hope everyone haves and awesome day :
15 days to go!
So ready.
See you on the Red Carpet at the Premiere of H20: Supply and Demand, Sept.
18th  The Enzian Theater.
oh god no.
I love sleep.
It's my best friend.
So I guess I'm really weak haha
Did I really see a photo of Mitt Romney vacuuming an American flag from his victory speech last night.
What the hell?
Me too.
Thank you.
Will the podcast ever show up on TuneIn Radio, like TESD?
I listen thru iTunes but still curious.
I'm not twitter material.
LOLOLOLOL
I am in agreement with the comments at Liberty on the Rocks by that privatization initiatives should be incremental.
Deadline for Pittsburgh Tissue Engineering Initiative Internship is Feb.
3rd!!
Your gotta be the dumbest dude in the world to hit a girl raw let alone she already has 2 kids!
My bio need to up date already.
Peice of shit.
Hey , and KDKA play fair.
Value your ON AIR talent with a first rate contract.
in solidarity
you were able to see the pic tho?
TODAY at 9am, join MAdoctor  our partners at Fener Auditorium as we discuss using human rights to forge strategies
Rage coaches meeting now
Damn I never got that old before Ctfu
You are so fake.
Even without my contacts in.
Your blurry smile is still fake.
going back to Boston?
IM WEAK!
LMAO RT Shout out to all the girls who are 2 weeks pregnant and don't know it yet
It's been a busy day researching.
I hope you forgive my last post, I am not salesy, just thought it was a cool tool and wanted to share.
Damn shame i cant get crunk with this weekend.
Still got lil 500 tho
I'm sleepy!!!
AS FREAKING USUAL!
Telling me that I should go out walking when I can't even stand up straight is ridiculous.
If I could stand up straight I would love to.
Nice!!!!
Im jealous.
lol I dig it!
the end of school is bringing out a lot of unexpected everythings
he's the sweetest!
RT Such an incredible blog you MUST read.
Written by the great world traveler My Muse: Maine
Get over it
Put same effort into strategy for customer service as you do for content.
Sounds like fun!
not this tweet tho...
and unless I get legit peer review philo aesthetics pub., sans attribution.
aka no footnote.
museum catalogue
DJ  Val Kilmer Batman.
Eric  Christian Bale Batman.
Chicago South Side Irish parade returns today!
GetMyIrishOn 
aint that the truth of it /
Congress has worked furiously today to settle accounts and find commanders to build and occupy fortification on the Hudson Highlands.
Waiting to see if my picture will come up or not.....
And game over...
Probably
Jimi Hendoctorx failed his high school music class.
OMG Facts
Up to 80k with 45 players left here in Jax at Event 1.
Don't even wanna tell the full story I will save it for the book.
It feels like I never left.
okay good.
You're not feeling well, though?
Thanks Mack keep taking plenty of bro pics haha RT : love the article  my photo cred!!
Wonderful school time.
RT I hear oxi abuselimpdick: No, Rush.
Women don't need extra birth control to have more sex.
That's just the excuse she gave you.
Short handed goal by Kopitar.
Talk about stopping on a dime...Kings 2 Blues 0
Power of the Purse Recap Lunch at noon  talking about which women designers we want to showcase in 2012!
No one ever gives that guy a chance.
I am in love with my tattoo!!!!!
I don't think the FB API supports Fullscreen  but we'll look into it.
A 'small' popup would be useful as well
My daughter wanted to know how you were late for work.
is it a good idea to post screenshots of ur site on sites like Flickr?
what is the consensus of the discussion
A Cat in Paris is my favorite animated feature.
I'm picking Rango to win
plz folow me back plz i love you i would be happy if you did
Sheriff Joe wants to have his chain gang ladies clean up around the ballpark.
Dang SB1070'ers, gotta make some money.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
Well looks like has plans for the 26th  28th of July now;
Dave Donatelli always impresses me........
Miley or Selena??
Selena is winning!!
vote and I'll give you a cookie.
3
Interest rates are low and pricing is cheap.
Why would you not buy a home in this market?
So much work, I have no idea where to begin!
Looking for a centrally located restaurant/facility that has two rooms, one small one for a meeting, and another larger one for a party.
P
text me
HEY THERE SQUEAKY ASS!
RT : Kewl Tweet Johnny B  Happy Mamasita to u too friend :p lol
damn son, sounds awesome!
Follow back!
NASA budget from 1958 to 2008 amounts to 471.23 billion dollarsan average of 9.06 billion per year.
Not much.
RT RT And follow us!
Support the Cause and our mission SpreadtheLove Looking for potential Clients and business partners
Nothing turns a day around like finding the perfect royaltyfree stock photo for a blog post.
NOTHING.
Tripped 3 times in a row pretty sure I just looked like a retard..
doctoramt I was in the Hunger Games movie as an extra last night....what a weird doctoram.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!11
quoteoftheday Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Erick says HEY!
:D
I would have never done you like that
direct message me!
Tell me what ya need
I couldn't agree more.
I saw a listing of TOC events today for the 1st time.
Good ideas but poor communication.
oh!
piece of candy!
ooh!!
piece of candy!!!
Getting psyched for the Bread  Roses Academic Symposium tomorrow in Lawrence!
Working wit tomorrow at Irving plaza.
NYC i don't remember the last time I smoked on stage.lol from Kc to Ny it doesn't stop.
Geeking out about fonts  it's that kind of day.
I ate breakfast there fri and sat.
Yum.
Took mom to yoga early this morning at Yoga Flow in Shadyside!
I sure wish I could have gone.
Haha, I'll think about it.
And I bet it will, no prob!
:
New cakes on my blog itskristiecakesbaby.blogspot.com
So often, I question things and well, that's just the way things are and we don't have the power to change it.
Who does?
Dear Twitter, I need to go buy Aaliyah records and Queen Latifah blurays but u won't let me!
You're like the Pharaoh in 10 Commandments.
no you don't...
keepingyougrounded lol
LOL  but we expect that!
and you can tell that I invited you!
RT : So much great social media advice last night  THX to 
we'll be the fanciest in pico
Tuesdays screening of LIFE LOVE SOUL, has been postponed to a later date
Who warned Tiger not to hang with MJ  Sir Charles?
WWW.ussportspages.com
yea man.
We coulda did lunch.
Next time.
You headed to Houston?
Over rated....Four sacks in a row...I bet your ears are ringing.
The revamped website features Twitter feeds from Dept.
of Cultural Resources institutions  people.
It's not like they care what we think:
Year round training Available here  http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
OK Google Minus, time to let people merge their Google Apps professorle with their personal professorles.
Huge use case
: I'm sorry!
Be careful.
he's not represented on twitter
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks
You know a doctornk named 'Burnt Fuselage' is going to, uh, well...we're going to find out
The heat killed me just standing out there i feel bad for the people that had track today
Men in uniform  M
Thanks for the mention and support.
See you next month for the Texas State student advertising presentation for Nissan.
happy anniversary!
to many more!
cheers :
Awesome link.
Hulu is pushing a show hosted by Guy Fieri that appears to be Double Dare for adults.
Oh my.
Looking at the stack of publicity we received this year and am overwhelmed for our tremendous 2011 successes.
Thanks to our
Us homie im bout to hit this court room hit u when i get out
lol I forgot about that...
ok
Woe to those who stick their fingers in their ears when wisdom is explained, demonstrated, and proven beyond a shadow of a doubt!
Is he a good kisser?
Who are you friend?
did you text me ?
I'm not leading you on, I'm just not sure what I want
They told me I couldn't come in Club Mia with boots on.
WHAT
You are so optimistic :
Wishing Kimberly a very happy birthday!
What are you eating today?
Remember to TweetUsWhenYaNeedUs!
South Valley closures tonight: 215 east/west to I15 south closed tonight from 7pm5am.
Detour exits: Decatur or LV Blvd.
Thinking about deleting my twitter again..
Please don't forget there is NO Saturday class tomorrow because of the childoctorn's parade on Bayshore.
Ramps will be closed.
Got my Mexico bass back today.
Was buzzing, but all better now.
Rehearsed with Jon Avery.
What a wonderful doctormmer.
Yahoo!
So tragic!
my heart goes out to him  his Mom : 9yearold RyanKennedy is dying from cancer after he decides to stop treatment.
There is a lot of excitement in the office today!
We're all looking forward to the Eichmann Trial event tonight.
Will you be there?
so I must have the  sign tatted on me?
Boy I'm broke!
You need to hook me up
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
And pat of course
You tube has been stuck on 301 since 1:45ish....nust of been overwelmed with views it couldn't count them all...and has caught up yet...lol
I'm really excited to see the work the Oral History Project is doing.
Didn't even know there WAS one until Sat!
Oh blue sands, can you make them understand?
Think Im having Chicken n Waffles for breakfast, n smothered potatoes
7 minutes to make it to Starbucks
hi im new to twitter could u ask justin bieber to follow me
I am on baking kick!
I want to bake cookies for you!
well that really sucks!
Oh this for MSU parking, You know I hate them!
I owe them two tickets now!!
Get in the car!
good call.
He has pretty eyes.
I finally get to sit down and relax : going to watch Iron Man 2.
if you're the best why are all your tweets either oh im so high, or i have no friends, no one texts me.
Doesn't sound like it
Enjoyed live performance  the Dove Awards Nomination Announcement ceremony.
Here's my official permission to love people AND give them your brilliance
so frustrating because I dont want to get up and I can't go back to sleep...
RT : Great Easter win New York!
We can do this together.
One game at a time.
Let's go!
RT : Almond Joy Formidable
Hey Jason!
I was watching Forgetting Sarah Marshell the other day.
All time favorite movie!
You are the best!
It was!
I forgive you for the Nirvana fooopah now :
RT amen!
love TED, Jamie Oliver and all things nutrient rich...kills those free radicals
reachable goal!
got out of school early today:
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 58F FAIR
It's 2am and I'm barely tired.
This game has the feeling it will go to the end
I learned not to go right after a run today.
As bad as grocery shopping when hungry.
Leslie has never seen Lord Of The Rings.
This is being remedied tonight
Tonight's been fun, what with two of my regulars slapping each other and all.
Right back atcha!
Gettin' down to business.
The Silk Tie likes Ivan!
No tie in the professorle pic?
Tim makes ties look good, thesilktie.com
Great story about the history of bluemoon beer.
Makes me like it even more!
Catch performing again in Bmore on Sat, May 19th  8pm  The Brass Monkey Saloon w/ Mzery Loves Company,  many others
In potomac mills.
Bout to hit maryland.
Wats good dmv.
Bout to rock the stage
OMG....I love being back in the run of the audition again!!!
YES PLEASE!!!
Texting and knowing that he's playing COD because of how slow it takes for him to reply loser 3 bahaha.
follow back?
:
Sorry I'm in Mojave desert don't get good reception we're shooting right now 4th night sleepy :
Better to doctornk gasoline than eat Arby's curly fries.
Or maybe the two are exactly alike!
can you send me the picture of your icon please ?
:D
Awkward moment when tweets everything she's doing...
:D
As an SLP  mom, I count the ones they use several times over a couple weeks!
Hope that helps!
you might try again.
It works for me.
Let me know.
that's my boy!
Right there.
So sick of these lazy bitches
I dont know what I want anymore
no problem lovie...
miss you!
lol that was cute
Our moon here in SW WI must be better than the one you have.
You need to upgrade.
I'm a slut
Why Most Website Redesigns Have a HalfLife
cnndialogues in Syria, you can only do well if you are in with the military.
If not, you need to leave.
because I fucked up once!?
did you know that has a tattoo :o
got damn u arrogant lol we must b kinfolk lol!!!
Nope.
But we did each get in trouble by the secret service for walking where we weren't supposed to and for taking pictures.
ironing my shirts while watching Mad Men seems fittingly domestic
Haleigh just told me I had a crush on you for like the last few weeks Lol.
I don't anymore...which is why I'm telling you.
Aha HUH??????
always enjoy hearing you on KSR and nice to hear I'm not the only one going to the library.
thanks!
Just a little bit of luck...
I screamed in this kids face, got off the stage to do it too  he just kept standing there.
sigh lol
just took a picture at a store called sams club.
they have laptops with webcams.
first place I saw you fellerz!!!
First time I got hi too : you guys helped me become who I am and it goes all the way back to that 1
Gunther says there will definitely be a FRIENDS movie...
Maybe from Aniston or Cox, but Gunther?
Check out cinematical.com
Cal has got to be thinking not again.
Either that, or what recruiting violations must I pay someone to commit for me to win a title?
Up next my big fan cmpunk
They make PSAs for high schoolers about dudes like him.
Koala Under Threat in Australia: Big Pic Australia has listed the koala as a threatened species in parts of the country for the first tim
I'm finding it quite good.
JIm Caviezel is a badass.
Well, you're not making me feel any better cause i'm not there.
No thanks to Apple's, which is garbage
HappyMothersDay Rest In Peace to all the mothers who didn't get a chance to see this day 3
like, you're not guaranteed to be granted one?
That's so flipping adorable.
KIANA U BETTER NOT SQUISH MY HED LIKE U DID IN TAG
I'm so high I don't wanna come down
802 tweets.
On my way to being a full 1,000 twitter person ;
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say
Three days until we move.
Saying goodbye is so hard.
Saying hello again to our old friends will be so awesome.
My emotions are confused.
The Brewers are lucky that the Cubs aren't starting Chet Steadman tonight...
56 more minutes !
lol i fuck wit cigarillos too...but im jus tryin something new
Cheers to you !
In addoctorssing problem of knowledge of world through lists of things, D also addoctorsses an epistemic problem w/reading itself
was this sausage/butt cancer billboard in your 'hood...?
Where'd all the good people go.
Here at we love the Mets!
What is your favorite MLB team?
CS
he's been trying to hard lately, should have given up after duffle bag boy
Thsi Class Is SO Boring .
.
I Just Want It To Be Over :
Haha now you have Twitter?
lol.
I love you!
yes we are still doing good and thank you!
If someone is not paying ur bills, do u think they should tell u how 2 live?
Trick, please
can u frekyng shut up
Billings 3 Vs.
Freshbooks...
Billings 3 ftw for me.
Where did you go?
HI.
MY NAME IS SHAQUINTA AND I AM A GUITAR.
Mix it with some Bonilla Ice Cream and you'll be thinking about it long after it's gone...
Go to the 520 session with Wendys tommorow to fix that craving
can't wait!
Thanks to everyone for a great show tonight at the Euclid tavern!
Watching AmericanIdol, why do I like this show so much?
This show doesn't really fit my personality.
Enjoying the Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics  Deadwood Rec.
Ctr.
A Full house.
DC Youth Rock!
Jesus Christ richly bless your life.
I hate that the NBA has allowed acting to become the most important attribute.
follow back please!
lol, yes!
I think we became really good friends when we got a dhall together: haha
Oh no!
What happened??
Hahahaha I want king taco now
Finally agreeing on something.
Congratulations on the new position mister Barnes.
We'll be following you on your way to the top.
Go Blazers.
I Don't Live There Anymore, I Live In Atlanta :  I'll Be Moving Back To London Soon Surprisingly Aha
TeamFollowBack A doctornk Mind Is A Sober Thought
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE doctornk sends this Thurs from 125 PST.
Spread the word!!
Not so alternate
At this moment i find myself thinkin why am i watchin this novela?am i really that bored
TMNT remake?
Isn't that just Platinum Dunes M.O.?
Exploit old licenses to make terrible but professortable remakes?
i really love NIALL ZAYN : all of you!
I HOPE 3 nahh id rather meet him 3
Where else did you go on your trip ?
London is one of my favorite places!
what kind of puppy.?
I hate that about all the new ICONiacz.
Most of them love them because there hot and I am like are you serious?!
They dance bro.
The junior attorneys put business cards on the windshields of the Baltimore Grand Prix racecars.
Turn 4's going to pay for Prince Fielder.
another stellar performance tonight!!!
yeah man, just gotta learn it on your own..
If you're an artist it should come easy, but if not it'll be a little tougher
At Beacon Theatre in NYC for The National.
Best Christmas gift a gal could ask for...Thanks !
I just almost got hitt by a car!!!!
:O
just got home
Student in RHCP shirt today!
Wonder if she was at last night's awesome show in Sunrise.
My videos will be on YouTube/Tumblr in a bit.
Best day ever with
I never texted you?!?
Okay well I'm hanging out with Zach so I'll do your hair and then you can like hangout with codie or something :
Cant wait to have you!!
RT : Girls night at this Saturday!
!
Anyone wanna join the party?!
Pre game at my place :
Haha, mine hurt from slicing so fast
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE REAL MOTHERS  :
Bye bye, Plurk.
CNN keeps talking about a 50 yearold bullying, when there's TRUE CRIMES  CORRUPTION in the OBAMA Admin.
NOW !
Thanks.
I had no idea there was such a thing.
In the back of a man who tore his world apart.
For this Holiday season do remember that happiness and joy is created within us and shared among us in our spiritual and emotional world.
So So sad...
They say it is 6x the national health average for suicide within Pro Sports.
CEO Space in 5 days.
Vegas baby!
Not so humid in Vegas!
See you tomorrow!
RT : Its humid as funk!
here in New York today
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light  Albus Dumbledore
way better
Ur music has made even stronger!
Plz read her twitlonger
fantastic.
If you have a layover in LA, let me know.
Miss ya.
wow you are funny xD nice one
giftworks in place for donor mgt; is separate and distinct from client services software.
Need new, CRM for both
Gald you guys had fun.
You guys are gonna have a mess of beer on your hands!
How the hell do u get retweeted by a celebrity?
Have a Good Not a Goods Holiday Free podcast.
email Type holiday teleclass in the subject line.
Tonight at Varsity Bar!
Samuel Davidson, Wink Keziah and Rain Cross!
Music starts  7, 3.50 Bombs, parking at University Coop w/your cover!
In my mind in my heart in my soul
it's fine
Sometimes I wish I could just forget about you completely..
Completely agree 100!!!
Awesome voice!!!
:
Wow wow wow
Newt Gingrich is the reason I changed the name of my studio from LandONewts!
to WaterDog in the 90s.
And now he's back.
Nuts.
Awesome picture!
I hope the Y really makes you as happy as you look!
My gym ID photo looks like the cat doctorgged me in.
it's really not even that flattering in person.
Disappointment al, around.
RT : Last minute ff for To keep up to date on your latest monkey related catastrophes.
Phone back finially
Kohl says it's purely speculation, but Probably a combination of public and private funds
U all should really be following today.
SMASHING 2 world records, raising awareness  doing the unthinkable.
FOLLOW!
we think alike
you try n do ur best and then it all changes in a matter of hours....
we'll be there asap buddy!
Shout out to my first ever follower!
I ate off the same fork as a police officer today, ok.
Happy Leap Year Everyone!!!
How cool!!!!!
CHEERS!!!!!
Together, we can help the planet.
Return your empty pots, trays and tags and well recycle the plastic!
EarthDay
More coverage coming your way soon!
was at the Steeplechase today!
When ur geting the mail and u read a letter someone sends u saying how much they love you 333 Cheergirl333
Breaking news: we will be posting a china tour video montage with a new song in the background!
Stay tuned for more info
its finally hitting me !
I'm not going to be with my family for that much longer :/ college is coming so quick !
Tonight!
Inaugural Washington Women In Jazz Festival Series FINALE at Twins Jazz.
8pm  10pm sets, feat.
Christie Dashiell  Sarah Hughes.
Super bad !
How I hate that Jose has to be the dad for my sisters baby
roll another one
This defines me.
Resiliency; The ability to recover from or adjust easily to misfortune or change.
50 for osu just leaped over the RB wow
Please pray my 8yo daughter thought it'd be a good choice to swallow a penny..
that's now stuck in her esophagus..
putting her out to remove
Im just laidback chillin posted, living like a villain mostly 
Today is LouisvilleCardinal day...all cardinal fans and athletes follow well retweet yur best college moments
Always good to have Classicists on Twitter
thank you!
Oh lol makes sense.
I had a doctoram about you cause I miss you!
Hope your New Year if off to a kickass start :
Life Is What You Make It....
I'm great add me you are super goodlooking guy
That moment you're trying to clean your kitchen and then you just break down for no reason
I'm pretty good at research son.
Sorry for the insult.
It wasn't cool.
I apologize.
woaaah that lightning felt like it hit close.
I am a superior specimen!
My mom makes the best fries.
looks like a gorgeous day ROC!
enjoy the weekend!
Finished with an always excellent Ellie's Brown Ale from I always forget how good Avery is and that it never disappoints!
PICK 6 Greer exBuffaloBill ....Saints pouring on the points
When you text someone and they ignore it and make a post./:
i sleep better when your next to me.
My pro teams stink
Little doctorve to Philly this morning, getting my first look at Halladay this season.
maxscenee close but no cigar :T great season though your mascot must have done a million pushups thru out the whole year lol
and also, .
THANKS
Celebrating our 2 year 'kittyversary' this week.
What are your cats' favorite treats or toys?
I have not the influence you think, Bettye
This is a marriage, not a divorce, CM Mitch Englander says of plan to fold Office of Public Safety into LAPD.
S/O he on da realss.
is that what da kids say?
Hmphh, follow him.
:
It's about not letting sadness win.
DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER ::: I absolutely love this show!!
prince version or sinead oconner version
Watching Dearjohn was just reading the book.
3 this movie :
There's an ongoing John Doe investigation in Milwaukee by the DA there.
Walker has spent big bucks on defense attorneys
Last Micro Lab tonight!!!
YAY
what is actually happening?
the SEC has to vote to accept the resignation?
and that vote failed?
I want a green thumb!
: I've been wanting to start an herb garden for awhile now!
Zoe, you stay strong, okay?
We're all rooting for you, and we all love you, and we all are praying for you x
Also, I do believe I will start a new art auction tomorrow, stay tuned!
:
figured you would like my retweet :0
ThoseThreeWords Get er Done!
Have you ever missed out on life because you were staring at a computer, TV or phone screen?
Average minded people are full of excuses of why something won't work
should I start watching the Knicks now and become an NBA fan?
WOW!
LifePath is Rockin' Puerto Rico!
Today I had lunch wit two very important ppl abt very important issues that resulted in very important discussions
Im da same yesterday as I am today...
your skin feels like butter and your hair smells like cinnamon!!
You're just a turkey churro in disguise.
All American Beer Pong is looking for venues to host their weekly beer pong tournies.
If interested, DM me back!
At Avana sushi in Chinatown getting takeout...
I think I can eat sushi every single day
OMG!
At Barnes and Noble no one else is talking but this one guy.
For an hour STRAIGHT!
pleasekeepitdown!
Cake cake cake cake cake cake
Haven't gotten around to taking a new avatar pic, too busy doing spec work to try and land a new job :p
Dont try to solve every problem.
Focus on the smallest problem that you can solve in order to be helpful to someone!
Hopefully getting the Junior parking approved friday !
Fresh mango, lime juice, and a little salt awesome dessert!
You lie too much!

thanks alot.
Thats what best friends are for
False alarm.
No baby yet.
If not in next couple days, worse case, we get induced Friday am.
breakin for basketball..
much needed..
Had a wonderful opening night at !
One of my rules is that you don't fck anyone else when we're on the date.
LOL
Yes, much better now!
The mood is set.
See you already know what's next.
It's a little doctorzzy outside, expect a Lil Wayne.
I think i don't need to be out in public by myself any more!?
I don't know how to contain myself by myself....
Followup emails, submissions, scheduling Doing the project management side of my education.
I sourced the ladies YZ saidFMF System as well.
Fast Mother Fuc
All 5Linx CEOs  Interested Guests: Call anytime today to our Daily Vitamin Training Call.
Playback: 5597261299 Pin:118279
So many advertisements on the ice during Rangers / Devils.
Wouldn't surprise me to see an ad on the puck at this rate.
I just wanna move already.
Not like that I mean I can't see my convos with you and my other friends
We just sent an incredible deal to our text club members.
You can join the club by texting FujiFanClub to 96362
Are your vendors targeting mobile optimized resources?
If not, they should be, tell them so.
Fifi.
That is a rather odd name for a pet dinosaur old man.
nap time
ita a yout an Australian truck
you betcha, and thanks!
It's fine, I was just freaking out for a second!
I though my computer was freaking out!
Heading to the mall to shop for some new Vegas, bachelorette, and wedding party doctorsses!
Then heading home to bake the night away...
Quote of the week: Here take this and go buy yourself some more money
np girlfriend can come too 
If you haven't yet, go sign up for our mailing list at www.fourstep.com and you'll be notified about our launch!!
Biblebelters...
: I honestly want to know who is considering voting for Santorum.
Is there anyone out there...
Credit where credit is due!
Thanks for being awesome  posting just as awesome content :
Gee, thanks for noticing ;
As a pinterest fan, glad to hear about it from
on taking inspiration from SilliconValley: built on idea of the 'unconference'
you are an inspiration I enjoy your creativity.
funniest thing I have ever witnessed
Circle of deathh SNOOP d o dub.
I can't deal.
My bro just got a twitter Follow him nd he will follow back ;D
I think I'm coming down with the flu...
cough cough
I just said that we should have it in the US to the account!
In the best mood ever
i used to see leslie every morning on the way to class hanging around Einsteins on the doctorg.
remember ?
atx, will miss you.
rip
Everyone at our Derby party likes Take Charge Indy!
Go Baby Go!
Interested to discover account, where people are voicing frustrations with their community.
we only have our one song up don't take too long, its a mellow blended song.
great, how about yours?
both!!
Btw, he has relatives in Chihuahua, MX, still, pretty interesting,
I've been using a mac for how long and I just figured out you can doctorg and doctorp images to your desktop.
: Coaches are Coaches for a reason give them the Respect they deserve its not easy doing what they have too.
I stay fly  if u don't believe me ask the birds.
i cant wait too hang out with yue austin i love yue so much
Love making a great impression with a pbr casually in the back seat
American politics: the Democrats are the only plausible party; Republicans are beyond mental and should be banned.
Not democracy, but..
another beautiful jerseycity day without torico's.
sob.
weep.
Great gig at the Hyatt downtown tonight.
Don't think I don't think about it...
buyin yu taco bell but a playa eatin stake ,,, cone bread ......
colla greens ,.....
chitterlings on my plate .....103
I'm a third kind: Someone who tries to turn it off but never can, so it plays anyway.
New : people are pruning online social networks  restricting access to professorles in the wake of heightened privacy concerns.
Christopher Plummer FTW!
Truly the right choice.
what's chaining ?
good morning to you: just woke up?
The bartender  lindas right now has a major attitude.
I'm not trying ti be ur best friend but no need to be a total douchedbag.
Wtf?
either way we're good.
What/where are you doctornking?
: I named my teddy bear after you, that way I will always have something that reminds me of you
I want to see you this weekend!
Hope you will be home!
:
I swear my phone is retarded
I'm not enough of a comic books fan to have gotten it, unfortunately.
My kids have been locked in my daughter's room for two hours making me a MothersDay present.
LOTS of scotch taping going on.
;
found a nonhighway direct route to kenny  zukes.
Pastrami is calling me, I must obey...
Dude .
.
Like My Bro Didn't Go Get My Milkshake .
Because he knows im unfaithful, but i'll do anything to make him believe im here to stay.
3
hugs you back i missed you to!!!
i suprisingly feel great too
1/2 you rocked last night!
Got to meet you!
My aunt hooked up with sick nail polish!!!
Nose has been hurting all day but nothing comes out
OMG MOVIE NIGHT MOVIE NIGHT!
shut up u dumb bitches
Tune in to at 8 p.m.
for a live one hour Buckeye Blitz with in Miami!
it was good seeing you too bro!..
hit me up whenever.
Thank you everyone for your loyal support through the name change!
If you hear someone say we are closed, please correct them!
I legit just got home
It's such a turn on when girls don't know they're attractive.
Badger guards on floor  For most of the game tonight  It's starting to show
Oh!
Talk about a super biz here!
A big wide open world!
Definitely needed!!
We should brainstorm!!
what did you win?
rain is finally rolling in.
going to have a nice hot shower and see my hair doctorsser before she gives birth which will be any day now!
What's up with the war on bones when it comes to buffalo wings?!
Works for me.
Thanks!
Get out the vote...Especially if you've been complaining; put your money where your mouth is!
You know you gave financial problems when you're paying a 27.99 interest rate on 17k...
We do what we can!
RT keeps proving itself worthy of my presence next fall.
;
: I want to move to Cali already and hit the beach  it's so great out here 
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots
I like the Jackie Robinson shoe...
Gym flow.
Preliminary rosters got bumped from 80 to 90 this year.
Not much point in cutting him now.
The Youth Ministry led us in our Sankofa Moment.
They are watching Roots as a part of their Black awareness project.
Did a ton of laundoctor today and applied for a bunch of jobs.
Feeling accomplished.
Light the Night Luekemia  Lymphoma Society's Annual Walk  read about it on www.southfloridaalerts.com
the comfident guy in pink!
Your not really serious about watching a Republican debate are you?
OH: I know you wanna doctorve the meat rig!
That's pretty much how I reacted too.
Three words for this one  smile and wave.
Just finished my Japanese lesson!
SPARTANSVOTE I voted did you ?
Thoughts?
There should be a department of comics within MoMA  Rob Storr just now at cc:
ok have fun
What is your favorite team building activity?
Would love to hear back from you and
Hopefully a few of your antipodean fans noticed the RT with the link to your article in the Future of Archives book.
Kudos!
Where my scale at
thanks love :
Jon Stewart....the sexiest, smartest funniest man in America
I've never heard that one before.
I feel dirty.
Wedding tonight 
wish your sister a happy bday for us beliebers?
Eat.
This time you're eating paper.
The next time it's going to be glass.
I think if everybody adopted the Gaia Theory, we'd be in better shape.
sounds great!
let's do it!
gerry think you'll be able to pick me out of a crowd?
Goodnight twitter
sorry about your class iPods Jamie!
:
Happy 5770 people.
Health and Prosperity!
the motto: RAM IT DOWN.
I am Legend, I am Sheldon Cooper.
Another beautiful day in LB!
Happy Presidents' Day everyone!
Come soak up the sun on a hydoctorbike this week!
in that case AMEN!...LoL
C'mon Mich St, I need this one!
i have such a bad habit of texting in my sleep.
i texted someone i haven't talked to since middle school omg tgat was sii mucgh fun.
table
Exciting work!
on the Pearson/Columbia Univ.
design partnership
NowPlaying Eminem  Stan
what's fucked up
To NYTimes: Now it's Obama's turn.
For unbiased coverage  honest journalism, how about unraveling the Obama mystery?
Bout to smash on these red lobster and doctornk some rose.
Oh boy am I sore today!
Running again tonight.
stay safe!
It will be over soon...
Lunch time:
doing labor history at historic sites.
I want to see the exhibits now!
Welcome to the colts!
congratulations order a vulcan mind wipe:
that it is.
still would prefer to be home tm that has won twice than rd tm that has lost twice
what you getting done?
My thoughts go out to my family and friends in
Yes i am now
The scene when BoobieMiles breaks down in the car tears me up every time.
Come back come back come back to me like you would you would if this was a movie.
I put Lehigh for this game.
told me duke can't lose to Lehigh.
I listened.
Thanks babe
I haven't tweeted in DAYS!
how's everyone doing?
:
Kickball playoff win today..dedicated to all mothers out there!
Next up tonight is Tale of a Tiger by Rachel Hynes.
This is also the second time she presented with
LOVED your talk Energy in the room  knowing we have power to help was my favorite part
Here we go!
One More Once!
Join me  my cohost on Evening Jazz starting at 8pm ET on Jazz 88.3 FM 
Today's special relationship word is TALK
Corps LOVE to move factories to 3rd world commie countries.
No environ protect, slave labor/wages, shoot union organizers.
currently 16 of the way into 'Design Is A Job'.
Learning how to keep the tigers away from my genitals.
They're serving Red Bull infused pizza at Union South.
I don't even have the words to describe how awful that pizza must be.
A very special happy FollowFriday to the 2 guys who said why the hell not, lets do this thing!
FF Solidarity!
I'm proud
I don't want to be one of those people whose perception of the world grows more bleak as I grow older.
Lol surprise me!
.ann if the person you are trying to call has an ipod touch or iphone and you do too you could try facetime!
3
your hot were r u
Hahaha, no.
I meant it's good news because girl can forget about him.
First day of training at my job today .
ah
RT : BREAKING: Pink smoke is rising from the White House chimney.
good seeing you and Sheila today, my man.
Continued blessings!
chloe please reply i wish i could talk to you somehow you are so cool and i hope i see you 1 day i will i hope to god
Lastly, you stands for the animate and inanimate, the poetry and the prose, the figurative and the literal.
Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book.
You know what we mean?
Indigo Tree Publishing
The ONLY green one that exists is in my college theater.
Heading to the OysterFestival in Oyster Bay, Long Island  such a beautiful day for it!
I survived the abortion.
What have you done today?
Wonder why there's a recall on excedoctorne ...
Hope this Walgreens off brand works!
What if I told you i knew a place that had couches and was showing that 70's show all day...is that something you might be interested in?
I am standing with Steve
Love your tweets.
Do you go to The People's Church?
Glad Rick suggested your feed.
It's super!
usually players do well against their former teams.
BTS is mostly lucky.
So excited!!!!
Can't wait only thing missing is
Love and happiness
faux daylights napping under the blue light
Weekend TV: '30 Rock' to air live episode Thursday  Tulsa World
The book can be fly.
Now, it just needs to be a thesis.
?Why my dads short cuts  are actually longer I.have no idea
new study hall is on lock down!
You guys are going to love 's new stuff!
I just received 50 bonus credits by searching with Bing Rewards for 6 Months!
Earn toward great rewards with Bing!
binged.it/pBBvKN
and Should the wife and I get the kids a cat or dog?
Let the games begin...
:
or learning my french.
whatever.
Dude bring us some weed

I'm taking the Quinoa, and thanks, the Thai Basil Beef was yum last night.
Congratulations!
Big number!
I strive to be better than I know how to be by helping anyone that I can.
Love others like you love yourself and watch yourself
sing me a song
Who's going to New Orleans Sat?
wat it do bro!
I love it here!
im visiting the school today!
Finally back home3
his name is andoctorw Garcia he doesn't go to school with us:
You mean, Tucson is the primary candidate?
Have you heard of any other possible places?
maybe, where u get it from ?
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens
if you want to get beat challenge me
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Hope everyone has their share of family and feast!
At least I didn't have to get the full load but ANY grocery shopping is brutal to me.
20 minutes away from a new show announcement.
long time
Why Joe over Harden?
Matt: Ethan sing Mi Amor.
Ethan: Blablabloopblap.
Matt: That's not Mi Amor.
Ethan: Got a problem with my language?
Matt: ..
Haha jk.
oh ya!
that's in my Hulu Q....
good?
or like Korean good?
can't even admit he started prop d, then flipping sides, can we trust your decisions now
you dirty pirate hooker!
followed follow back :
So is Pavano out because he's hurt?
Otherwise I don't see the point in going to our bullpen so early, not like we're going to win this game.
Oracle ships Java SDKs for Mac
Congrats on the LJ Mover and Shaker award!
I most definitely will : your advice is always valuable to me on my life travels.
Subway is always so thirsty to put lettuce on my sandwich.
So this is my saturday....boring as hell makes me wish i has an coMpanion to go to the park if 75 wasnt a mess lol
I thought this said Carmel people statuses...LOL
I wanna quit softball so bad but something's holding me back...
i feel like you should be following
I hear that.
I'm staying busy for my own part, man.
God's keeping me blessed, but I could use a break.
lol
follow me as I follow you....
This smell makes me want to throw up  get away lol
Very happy to hear!
Hope to see you again soon!
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it.
P.S.
I WANT TO STEAL YOUR MUG.
cc:
NHL Network laying the praise on Kreider, BC, and Jerry York tonight  I can get used to this
My pleasure.
I hope the distribution instructions survived.
has tricks up his sleeve.
Heading home on the train after a great PAX East weekend.
I want to get chocolate wasted!
where you been my lost brother?
altac as alternative academia; same way writers create alternative history or experimental lit.
revmolly.tumblr.com/ for the farmers
Welcome Saturday here we go again!
So stressed :
Work phone hasn't been working all week.
They finally got it working again for it to stop working again just a few hours later.
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked can I touch your hair?
Learning to appreciate rum.
its amazing how lyrics explain exactly how you feel.
Did anyone else notice that promoted .co AND .com during superbowlads last night?
Wonder why?
thanks for organizing a great event today!
Thinking about u is making me cry happy birthday Terra love and miss u
The countdown to Tuesday has begun!
4 days and counting!
Make sure to put it on your calendar.
11.1.11 FREE BEER!
I'm totally looking forward to my four day weekend.
I've been counting down since Monday.
Fantasy Golf: Ballantine's Championship preview We're staying on the European Tour for this week's Today's Golfer Fantasy Golf tournament
At IB pet til 2 fundoctorising stop by n see me
Big Data is everywhere: BigData will and already is making its way to the 'traditional' enterprise, both large and small.
all i want to do right now is hike up a mountain and fill my lungs with a heaping breath of God's fresh air.
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success.
Henry Ford
It's the last day of ASTD2012!
If you haven't visited us yet, be sure to stop by booth 425 today!
I'm falling asleep and this graduation hasn't even started..
Finally finished reading The Hunger Games.
What a great book.
Can't wait to see the movie now!
Tiger's bullpen is a train wreck
I miss you too teejayy/3
I suppose.
The library could invest in a phone for this purpose.
This would keep the privacy of the doctorver's phone in tact.
If it's ever proven that he broke any rules, I will.
Great shot u took of me  Great Day on the Great Road!
Can I get a tag?
RT : thanks for the speedy recovery wishes.
Let's take the 3 points today against Philly...
just birds...just...birds...just...little...loud...annoying...birds...glances at pellet gun
Anyone need an opening act in the Bay Area?
I'm lookin' to play!
:
watt about?
Watching Oprah's Lifeclass!
you are frequently ridiculous.
Our truest life is when we are in doctorams awake.
Henry David Thoreau
It would have been if my ghetto phone were bale to connect to the internet without crashing while not charging.
COMPLETE THE TRINITY ON CBOX.
Death and taxes may be inevitable, but they shouldn't be related.
J.C.
Watts, Jr.
i was finna do something!
:b rt : I got scared of after school the way she looked at me O.o
This weather is such a tease.
Gettin late.School tommorow.Never sleep much.All alone right now.
Feeln crappy
Nice Erica!!!
Good Morning all.
Hope everyone's weekend was top notch.
Come hither.
We are looking to hire temps for the start of the fall semester.
If you'd like to make some extra cash come in and fill out an app.
Imma delete this page add our new page Club Interlude imma hit everyone up
Grab the promotions while they last  Google Places does that quite conveniently for you.
hahahaha RT : So Capri Sun tweeted me...
Apparently I'm late to this capri sun big pouch party.
GOTTA HAVE IT.
Mane it feel good to be hear
Thanks, friends for all the birthday wishes.
We'll be up at in a bit having some beers to celebrate.
Come on up.
your show was amazing tonight!3: LOVED IT!!!!
Beauty Tip: Illuminate away your winter paleness with a luminizer from Sephora or Macy's!
hello friend....
Off to shovel snow someplace for the temp service, after tossing and turning all night and getting two hours' sleep.
This'll be a fun day...
Rum mixed with Tequila?
Sounds like a disaster waiting to happen
no.
It's much more boringer.
Ok I didn't hit the megamillions.
Now what?
Ok Tell me one thing America.
Why the HELL!!!???
Is Pia going home tonight on American Idol??????
This is unjust, unfair, immoral.
WTF???!!!
That awkward moment when you reblog the wrong thing
I grew up saying Pop, but I had to convert.
NY waitresses get confused apparently...
A: Mostly.
Remaining upright, it seems, is key.
Florida bound
and my boy out in KTown??
Absolutely love how this Celtics team feeds off each other in fourth quarters...
hey dude!
Follow us for sure!
: Jared, P143
I am now officially a scriptreading intern for Greenhouse Studios!
Things continue to come up Milhouse!
RT : Join MilwaukeeHYP for our first socail hour!
Wed, May 23, 58 PM at Karma Bar  Grill!
Find out more about HYP:...
Great to hear!
We do not right now.
How did your kids like our new video we posted today?
High endofyear volume in Delaware means evidence for routine filings taking 7 to 10 business days.
Use expedite services to avoid delays.
dude chill xD
such a sweet face.
How are all the Mahomies?
I'm thinking of making a video and posting it a bit later, will you all watch it if I do?
Emily3
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Can't be with my family this year, but off to volunteer and spread some holiday cheer!
Don't be the one who's in your way of your doctorams
I'll be the girl you let get away.
found the problem locally.
Sigh.
and us moderate libertarians?
A poke in the eye?
MarkLogic makes your architecture look simple.
There is great power in simplicity.
Phone a friend.
Walk away.
Say no to domestic violence.
If you are that angry, take a deep breath and take a break b4 u end up in jail.
Our first Community Class starts tonight!
The topic: Social Justice
Bryan Challenges Kofi to a Match Tonight
Pretty sure I just failed my chemistry exit exam :/
The heart only knows love.
We teach it everything else.
Kerri Walsh Heads to London as a Mom
is Official Twitter.
Just saying :
YOU LOOK WONDERFUL!
omg!
I just ordered some for yesterday!
Such a wonderful weekend with family, water  sun.
Ready to make some moves this week
If you have in head phones and I can still hear your music, then whats the point in even wearing them?
A picture can say 1000 words but it can also inspire you to write 1000 more.
We should put our energy into designing things to make people's lives better, not to make society more emotionally infantile.
I got to go love you bye
i feel like crap today
there's also ALL of Title V, Part B.
Well, that was fun.
That's why The Daily Show always portrays him as one!
Thanks man, stay tuned for new recordings!
When you want to get all your problems/anger out but the only person you have is the one that Hurt you!
Alum Rebekah Brandes just booked a leading role in the horror flick 'Nothing to Fear' alongside Anne Heche.
will score and produce!
The original The Million Dollar Homepage inspired our actions, and there we were, trying to figure out a way we could do some good...
854?
Is that his fielding percentage?
Oh and apparently I got around a 50 ticket by just working it instead.
I love my job.
Come party w/ yours truly all suited up tomorrow night at Bryant Park Hotel.
Vodka on the house, hot people at the table.
J'say Mihai's List
Friends who are more like FAMILY made this day!
I LOVE how God puts the right ppl in your LIFE  HIS perfect time!
make that 40.
I'm 40...hehehe.
I am thanking my FB friends.
let's not misrepresent what happened.
J wrote an extremely polite post and got clobbered for it in 2 posts by H
hmm..
For the better I hope.
Mine's alright.
Today's going pretty good so far :
Tonight is going to be sick for this Special Event!
Forgiveness is th essence of the more excellent ministry.
Forgiveness and healing go hand in hand throughout Scripture.
Prov.
22:2021
That is the cutest thing I have seen in a very long time  thank you!
It just keeps getting better,call me when you get time .I will be cutting the grass for a little while so leave a message
Indeed.
It just says Welcome to MVP Gold Status!
but I've had it for a few years now.
Just requalified for '13 last week.
I've been training all week.
doctorving test tomorrow, written exam saturday.
then this girl is free to doctorve!
:D
hahaha okay!
:p whatever you say!
a little nap will never hurt either ha
you awake?
bout to goto bed.
33 point lead.
Gonna dvr the game just in case LA pull off a miracle
Are you watching thevoicefinale?
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Sending love your way.
Don't claim stretched lobes and put that shit in your bio if you're at 00.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN.
I'm having a very difficult time understanding where you are or more so where A.I.
is
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood of 55 and sunny today!
We will take it!
My list of restaurants to try in PDX never ends.
Just as I check one off, I add two more.
booth and all the accoutrements ate awesomely beautiful!
Will send more pics tomorrow.
We've got ourselves an oldfashioned run 'n gun shootout tonight!
Go Suns!
It was a great season for the Texans and as always all good things must come to an end.
2013 Ravens
what's that supposed to mean??
gonna do my best to keep it that way, my friend.
Intensive 1st week was great!
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health.
Thu 4/22 8pm update: CLIO connections to eresources are working but extremely slow!
Once connected, though, things seem to be functional
how ya feeling birthday girl?
This salad is about the be thee BIZNESS!!!!
maybe we could hang out for a while if I'm doing better...
I miss you and you're still my biggest role model  3
Staycation for Husband, I'm working as needed overall good!
LIKE your news!
cool!
mainly why youre interested, past campaign experiences and the questions on the application.
you're so pretty!
Nh
I know this is geeky but  the new update to MediaShout allows integration with Planning Center Online.
A lot of professorssional writers/bloggers could use a refresher on discrete/discreet.
Once again, I'm embarrassed FOR people.
you know it!
Haha :
...
from abroad of course
Wow is The Rock really in Portland?
I thought I smelled hasbeenactionstar.
Thank you for passing along the awesome twitter promo the other day.
Zip Card in hand!
text me
Fashion show starts at 8 mhmmmm
If she held she held up 11 of the most beautiful roses and looked the mirror she would 12 of the most beautiful creations
RT : new episode of ToughLoveNewOrleans with :
I love how hype i get when i write a song and I end up really liking it lol :
omg why are u so pretty???
Love u.
:
Conspiracy theories are popular because people are catching on.
They think.
That's why Tringle is going to shake some trees.
Just confirmed that Pastor will be speaking to our college students this Monday night!
// Alumni are welcome to join
: What's up with everyone being assholes today?
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYING!
RT : Shaking my head as I read my TL.
Sometimes with a grin..
Sometimes without.
:P
my guess is dualisticallydesigned staff/university policies.
It's so nice out.
Goin for a walk
Swimming amp; Diving.
Szilagyi Signs With TCU Swimming
Nothing to doo tonight what so ever/:
Back home and off to work today.
Back in NYC
I love how little baby birds just hop around!
Pierce The Veil is always perfect during this time of year.
wtf is going on on generalhospital lmfao I'm so sick of this Jasam shit.
Just break em up already, fuck.
time for a long bath
The problem with mothers day in the US is most cards say 'mom' not 'mum'.
Miss you cuz
haha thanks girl!
It's bout to be Vegas up in here lolol
Not to mention make the first attempt at zombies and music.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; to acquire wisdom one must observe.
Observe yourself as if you're a third party and see what you learn
I'm glad I can't retrieve tweets at this time WTF!!
That awkward moment when ur ex is at YOUR moms house 4 dinner  ur not..
the fuck??
You can definitely see the nutrients on that plate!
Ready for Friday!
I HOPE YOU CAN!!
I'm almost 90 sure I'm going and I've been crying all morning haha
5000 sqft of coworking gold?
Oh, how you make us blush!
So glad to have you coworking here in Seattle!
Find it.
Use it!
RT : I believe that every person is born with talent.
Maya Angelou
Right now u r a
I meant to say that I agree with you..my sister is narrow minded at time
doing your test follow me for great espresso opening soon
Yep, I was at Ignite  too bad you weren't there, it was one of the better ones IMHO
Omg im crying.
rkelly.
What a voice!
Juan Castillo reaches on a twoout infield single but Langston still looking tough.
Castillo has been a nice surprise.
31 Seattle.
mla12 s279 Victorian Poetry  Religion.
Is it bad form to tweet the Vn panels?
DHers would understand.
TailSpin and Duck Tales are just so great.
Now I need Count Chocula and I will be seven years old again.
birds are chirping outside and all i can think of is mocking jay's haha.
I can not wait to read it!!
1...2..3..yep, that's five buses that have passed me now without stopping.
Have a blessed and safe Easter with your family and friends today.
1st night on the job
so full of BBQ.
Super Bowl champs!
onlyskinnyppl have new balance running shoes
.
ask who she thinks would look better in a black tshirt, you or
I wish I could be in JC for this game!
ETSU GOBUCS!
Homies if someone pit doctorssing in my shithl they will be done
Congratulations to former 767 organizer Sandoctor Jimenez, TLU 396, and the Teamsters Waste Division for their important victory last night!
Oh, universe.
I don't even know what to say anymore.
I hope this goes to OT like last nights game
It was a terrific cross.
Still can't figure out how Messi didn't score about 10 minutes back.
Do you sell any other merch than tshirts?
If so where?
:
do u like jelena
There are few pieces of music that make me feel like I'm in Sartre's No Exit: the Long and Winding Road is one of them.
The only two things good about the year ending is me not seeing you and being able to sleep in: SUMMER!
Now I just dont give a fuk thanks!!
u look like 2 chainz a little bit.
Bout to go take this mock ap test
RT : A true friend is someone who accepts your past, supports your present  encourages your future.
lol I hope he a keeper
If Bruce Banner was a real person...omg.
Why don't super heroes exist?
on the phone with apple trying to fix terry's ipod touch
Getting everything ready for the 1st Rook Lift Jazz Jam Session coming up next month, stay tuned for details.
Your gonna end up with no friends because of the way you treat them and how immature you are.
has discovered a close correlation between instant gratitude and delayed gratification.
Hey!
Hope you are doing great!!!
: ok ok oh yeah we are testing today
Hey JP Pls tell us all whether up or down in the rasqueado sounds interesting, you maniac!
Love E
Ben Franklin on Rand Paul: We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid.
browns, steelers, and ravens all can't make the playoffs.
Crowdsourced sports stats
Blackjack player : I hate when guys come in  mess up the cards.
What's he supposed to do, just stand there and watch YOU play?
1.
Busquets is brilliant, but bec he's flopper/cry baby, folks unreasonably love to hate his ability 2.
Cisse's  Crouch's
Thanks for RT 
It's going off at Tbar I'm givin away a Burton snowboard come get a doctornk after u
Thankful for another day.
Bout to call it a night.
So Goodnight 3
Decided to do a new photo bucket and use on my website.
Check out the welcome page tell me what you think.
Hey KC ...
Let's go party.
OurTime
love ya bro!
stoked to see ya tomorrow!
what are you doing?
Say hi!
Hey guys thanx for the love!!!!!
Great game today courtesy of UGA!
Go Dawgs, bo Gators!
just when we think we're going to have a break...we get busier than ever.
I call on every state requires that every student stays in high school until they graduate or turn 18 
When people walk away from U, let them go.Your destiny is never tied to them.
Their part in ur life is over.
Google Places is available for your iPhone or iPad!
googledcparty awesome party but be careful not to fill up on the tacos
watching break down the spurs offense.
They run some pretty options off the high screen and roll.
So dangerous.
At least it wasn't on silent, forcing you to strain to hear it vibrate
Megan Fox ends interview with Steve Jones, celebrity newsgossip ...
Google Doodle Pays Homage to Artist Keith Haring
Aw, man  cake!
Now we'll never be able to reignin !
Come show your state some love.
Syracuse vs.
Wisconsin tonight at 6:15!
It's begining to smell a lot like Christmas at  Mission Hills Nursery in Mission Hills, San Diego 92103.
Lots of trees!
ah good point, I'll just be patient till lunch
Come to Metal Monday.
please send them my way too :
nothing better than spending the evening with my boyfriend.
His name is Georgie.
He's also my cat.
I see no issues here.
ME TOO!
RT : i rsvpd...fingers crossed good luck 2 all
well cited, with citations not from corporate sites.
Limit use of marketing language, and keep it balanced.
IMHO
I've already seen this!
And I'm hungry...
Yay laundoctor is done
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
hm, that's a tough one, would prolley just run all over the place, maybe a franks and beans stuffing?
old people can sure get down : PartyVibes!
yep, I'm gonna have to try one...or 3
yes yes yes
i love u vinny
I been hearing fire trucks all damn day
How come Starbucks smoothies suck so much?
I had an apple like 30 mins ago..
it was gross xp
: Spring fever  wanderlust.
All I can think about is the next trip, and the trip after that...
you said it, sigh...
Miggy was there too if you recall...
Guys go see this band tonight if you can!!!
They are awesome!!
they will be from 8 to 11!!!
: looks like a giant bottle of lube Why am I not surprised!
yes!!
We'll be there : cant wait!
You tweet too much
The holes in travertine is the first thing to consider.
i'm gonna judge you in my diary mwahahahehehehohoho
Lol!
I understand.
I think a few Crimsoned covers would be simply amazing.
I have a paper cut on my finger: kiss it?:
Never again.
Lightning Bugs!!!!!: their back....:D
Excited for this week.
I can't wait to start my new job.
It's so cool.
Love!
center grove has stooped too it's lowest having under cover cops act like students .
Life is like a teenage boy in love.
Hard as fuck.
St.
Louis, and surrounding district, community members testifying in support of HB 1228.
I wanna be a singer and i really hope someday i can have the opportunity con sing with the best singers ever 
: is my soundtrack right now.
and are keeping me company.
lifeisgood you are the best!!
looking good, nice professorle pic, beautiful!
Sad to finish working on the choral festival concert album.
What a great performance!
Truth is WeAllNeed Blue Jeans..
Saturday Night we Chill with the Millions !
Reignnightclub  For Vip table reservations call 770 362 7990
: Senate finally gets its 20th member at 9:42 a.m.
as Sen.
Higdon walks in to applause.
isn't it perfect?
Glad you like it.
Thanks for tweet, COA
Bought my first camera today!
Resting up before Pats/Broncos.
Bring on the Mile High Messiah!
Looking for a videographer to film IgniteATL's September event.
Suggestions?
Hey Vegas peeps.
Anyone interested in some parttime social media work?
Hit me up ASAP.
Lol!
RT I would not recognize LaTavia if she walked by me on the street wearing an I am LaTavia tshirt.
Who's porn is in that doctorwer?
I wonder if the guy i like likes me.
Hello my friend!
Top o da marnin to ya!!
RT : PMA RT : Morning PMACrew !!
Enjoy this beautiful day!!
Wheres the portal into John Malkovich's mind?
RT secret room in Capitol  unfinished between 2nd and 3rd floor.
Thank you mister.
Rambeau, my 5th grade teacher.
You helped me believe in myself and reach for the stars.
You inspired me.
The good ones go if you wait too long
A pretty hook shot should go in, right?
Silly announcer.
how is that guy still in the league?
Senator Dave Thompson wants to amend the Racino Bill and put it to a vote in Scott county
Branded Saloon 603 Vanderbilt Ave.
performing from 910 with my dj.
It's going down and it's free!!
the toughest argument is between ur heart and your head.
Unfortunately, ur head is usually right, even though you want to follow ur heart.
To be free is to be guided by one's own will; and to be guided by the will of another is the characteristic of Servitude.
Discovered today that my car can receive WAMU 8 miles south of Breezewood, PA.
Nice.
See you got my hopes up...
i forgot tha time jumped up....week jus got worse ha
naptime, 100, all the time.
That was the best part about kindergarten...
Blast fans  ARE YOU READY??
I'm actually looking forward to this Louisville rematch tonight.
Figure the Irish offense can't possible play this badly 2 nights in a row.
I guess i'll just wait here alone..
That's cool too
Happy Centennial Founders Day to our sisters at !
Thanks for the RT's!
: women are a luxury, not a necessity...
One of my favorite weekends of the year !
Not with Refs fouling out half their roster RT : Pacers can beat either one of these teams in the ECF.
when you doctoram tonight doctoram of secreto from an Iberian pig and your porky wishes will come true!
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation so much coming up!!!
Lol !!
Ash you are a party pooper!!
awww lil bro ;'
We are excited to see you, too!
Cannot wait to see the tweets from when the heat/thunder go at it.
RT : Hanging out Everything's so green in Ohio today!
And I forgot how pretty the houses in Bexley are.
How did this happen?!
waystopissmeoff Pick the machine I need at the gym and sit there staring at your phone for an hour.
You bet!
Keep up the great work!
lol you keep playing...mite just be
You can tell a lot about a fellow's character by his way of eating jellybeans.
Ronald Reagan
Bolting to DC for NYE  Happy New Year, everyone!
2012 is going to be fantastic.
I can feel it.
there must be some other explanation for your being an antiBurlite.
Did you pick up our BHM issue today in the ?
Watching Old School
Just hit on by a 14 year old...
Actually he's in 8th grade
Any one have am extra at ticket for tonight?
Heading to the Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight.
I done seen so many people get caught today.
Smh.
soup or pasta?
If I'm supposed to interview you and you pull some shit like texting me your picture at 8am..at least make it worthwhile.
evernoticed how that one text from that special person can change your day
the BYU/Iona game makes me want to throw up.
How can you keep the PAC 12 champs out?
Just bought my husband a deluxe beer after going BACK to my unlocked car to retrieve my new phone AND lock it.
Missing 2 innings!
Effective business systems make expectations clear to employees, improve job satisfaction, and reduce turnover.
They also reduce...
Congrats on third.
I know it's disappointing.
But, you'll be back.
Rothko never has looked so sweet.
:
Library GRIND BOLD flavor is Black and Tan.
High School's AVID classes are continuing to partner with Seahurst Park's ...
Highline Times
yea me too I'm signed up for the first one :
Guitar tracks..DONE!
Today's Tip 4 employers: Manage your unemployment and workers' compensation costs with temporary staffing.
Call us to learn how 4142724544
have fun....
Don't follow mee : reck my life ...
let's meet up
Last chance for you to tell us your favorite ValentinePairs!
Let us know  We will retweet the best answers tomorrow.
Love is in the air!
So much has changed on the Internet, but still the best part is live animal cams and talking Tweedy v Farrar.
Stick with the classics.
Who said this?
I do not this as unto Spaniards, nor as unto Mariners, but as unto Traiters, Robbers, and Murderers.
i once sent a mix where i removed the lead vocal and turnt up the outoftune background vocal to see what he said
If you only post to facebook, I can't take you seriously
yea I thought you forgot how amazing I was!
i love car rides back from the beach!
all the windows down and music blairing3 summer ;
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
Justin n Selena aren't dating anymore
Excited to see THE DICTATOR?
Well you have to wait a few more days.
Its now scheduled to open nationwide 5/16
Go Patriots!!!
:p
security bitching at me thinking i flipped them off well t
The mall was ahmazing!
I met a totes cuhute boy that just might be worthy of Crush Status.
Well you do have that effect.
:
aye is brandon home
nicely said ...
I found more fascinating than MoMA.
The intersection of everyday with the unexpected.
Loved the necklace exhibit.
for breakfast.
whyy?
How about you tweet a little more about the doctorve Soundtrack?
hehe
If my pride I untouched when I pray for forgiveness, I have not prayed for forgiveness.
I don't even understand it: Willard,
Laying down  are playing!
Thinking about forever
follow me back
Thanks for the shout out!
Don't change yourself for someone.
If they love you they will love you for you.
Was it just me, our are there ppl tailgating in the observation parking lot at the airport?
TWO FREE NIGHTS IN VEGAS!!!!
CHEAPER THAN GOING TO THE MOVIES TO SEE INCEPTION OR EXPENDABLES!!!
HTTP://GOTOVEGASFREE.COM
Do you think that if a player has a history of concussions it should affect his doctorft status?
Yes, I really took one for the team!
You're welcome.
;
well that would work..except it's a lie
we're all prayin' for ya, luv.
Are you suggesting Republicans want the economy to fail?
Braves lose!
Tiger chokes!
Classic sports day, classic.
the first thing we did when the clock hit 12 was run to the beach  blast SoListen I know, we're just that awesome.
Its definitely important to be aware of whats going on.
Let us know how we can help.
And my days killed by the mix breed looking dank as fuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk
You're welcome.
Thanks to your team for all the help on the segment.
If I lose followers, so be it, Joshua was not screaming, his vocal range is phenomenal.
Why are the good CIA agents always going rogue?
Maybe the agency should take a look at their employee relations policies.
Tattoos are an Easter tradition here!
: RT :All the Sublett's got tatted up this Easter newfamilytradition?
Mikey: NICKI MINAJ BOOTY BOUUUU Nick: stands up,turns around and shakes his ass BAM!
TOO MUCH BOOTY IN THE PANTS!
jades water broke in the cab.
i told her to push, but then she farted.
Have u ever created a todo list of things u know u WILL accomplish for the day?
It is empowering to have a fully checked off list...
Nice to finally meet you.
Let hang for realz when I'm off my month of lame fun.
:
: WrongPeople ...Want Your Attention Without Qualifying For Your Trust.
doctorM fb
Now that basketball is over I've caught up on Missing .
is the Anthony Davis of exCIA operatives!
It's ok to be a Copycat as long as you find the right Cat to Copy!!
She wants to hold back on her feelings because she's afraid of getting hurt again.
other fav syllabus part: IF I CATCH YOU ON FACEBOOK...
I WILL ASK YOU TO LEAVE...you are not paying tuition to update your FB status.
Today I actually worked all day in class.
:o I gotta them F's to D's.
What others make fun of you for...., others love...
It's funny how being picked to buy someone's used stuff off the neighborhood list feels so much like winning a contest.
I do have one request though.
If I end up marrying someone from here, will you be our officiant?
:P
hahah la del royal:p
If whining Stop it at your kid loud enough for me to hear you at the other end of the train is your idea of parenting, you fail.
hey bestie.
Gotta do some running around and hopefully get some rest since its my day off: how are u doing
there are definitely many people out there your story can help.
We see them everyday!
At Broad Run for some PuttPutt with the PWCC YPNOVAs.
ECS is gonna take gold.
Braves try suicide squeeze with Beachy, who misses bunt.
Rockies get 264 DP and get out of inning.
Is lebron's mouthpiece really just a set of those novelty redneck teeth?
right there with ya!
Math and bio 
what did you think of them?
HAPPY MOM'S DAY!
hellomornings MOMs I Pray U EnJOY each Special MOMents today!
I Love You!
:
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!
Atlanta.
It's kind of a doctorve for you, I guess, huh?
I totally started crying when I read it.
Goin home early today to chill w/ my girl nor3
Follow in the mix on X102.3fm!
yes sir!
Merry Christmas everyone.
Give the gift of love this year and tell your friends to listen to our EP, they will love it.
That funny ass moment when your parents realize your buzzing xD
one day before you
Thinking I want a Faried jersey
I'm home alone after work screaming at my tv.
Feels goodman
Sun sun sun, beauts!!.
lol okay great!
You missed me missing you.
Gonna smear my mascara tonight.
Thank you both.
thanx big country 4 the follow back been watchin u since u was on Ultimate fighter!!
Cant wait till u the champ!!
Money is like manure.
You have to spread it around or it smells.
J.
Paul Getty
On the bright side, when the Vikings move to LA, I get to be a Packers fan.
LOL, I'm sure it's not that bad.
RT : Awesome.
For me, though, it's often a hair don't .
Lol.
This is exactly it...of course we may not want dark circles, stray hairs or blemishes.
But actual skeletal structures shifted?
wtf
Thanks a lot guys RT Someone please close out a damn series tonight.
It's the mouth breather in them!!
Being a Kansas City Royals fan this year feels a lot like being a Washington Generals fan, but with a lot more depantsing.
Happy Birthday You Hilarious You!
Hell!!!!!
The Poor People's Campaign began in May of '68.
9 caravans of poor people erected a camp called Resurrection City in DC
I hate you
Tip 110: Why?
Why?
Why?
Why did they bet that?
Why did they say that?
Why did they move like that?
Why won't they look at me?
It's hard to believe my stores only been open two weeks tomorrow.
HowToKeepARelationship fight for each other, even when things get hard.
Slash, Billy Joel Armstrong and RHCP.
Who wants some free TDOMB music?
The bad news of this semester is being followed up by the good news of !
lalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalaladjkldsfjdlzsejadfhl;
Change yourself and fortune will change with you.
Portugese Proverb
holy shit!
just got f'n crazy!
true that.
i cant ever find anybody to play with.
just got the feeling...
Light downpour that lasted 10 minutes.
Thx don
but all this bullshit is what makes me stronger
A detour?
LOL.
i kinda figured.
i'll bring a dolly to wheel you outta the place.
The average person spends three years of his or her life on a toilet
what?
How do you know about that?
You should be able to find us in health food stores including Jimbo's and Whole Foods.
Also you can order from sportea.com
Name a study.
Sounds like selfjustification for stalkers.
thank you for the follow ;
Yes my baby Lil Wayne is coming!!.
I feel the same about those tiny cereal boxes.
I usually eat 3x that much!
No problem!
we are trying to step up our twitter efforts  the letter limit is HARD!
It's been a LONG freakin' year, but if Benlysta works, lupus is bearable!
Q3: Look at data trends in your community eg.
data on achievement, HS graduation, college going and completion rates
I miss and !
Stupid finals.
Can't wait to watch the next episode of LoveHipHop next week!
i know way to many people right now they i didnt know last year who the fuck are yahll.
disney princess?
Apparently, soy cheese does expire.
Bout to do my practice math exam.
Due to last nights success , I don't have inventory to open the shop today.
Haha.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
: Felt good out there again today.
Im ready for the real thing now!
2012Season great to hear
Gahhh I have to study for my final!
dand it!
I still got 7 hrs to go
Thanks Heather!
You rock!
I honestly can't believe its over.
No matter how much you try to live in the moment, you can never soak up time.
It just flies.
Haha well better late than never : 3
Hahahahahahahaha she got mad
A walk to remember 3
ThingsIReallyCantStand child abuse.
Grand Illusion rerelease!
well apparently your telepathic!!
haha so that's one of them!
:
This weekend has been so much fun.
I miss being a delegate to CDP and
How has ur first days been back at USD?
Get all ur books?
Bart I actually missed you...
and should do a whole album together.
Guest spots by 
Off to watch hockey!
Go Coyotes!
Do you think the Newbies would have played a better game if there were not any veterans?
They were star struck.
Thanks for the mention!
Thanks for RT'ing the meme story.
Do you have a favorite?
COME TO COLORADO :
how are you c:
Heading home today for a week!
Shows in Sao Paulo were great, audience was the best of the tour
well, you watch Glee, so I guess you'd be an expert on crap.
Rules create procedures.
Grace creates POSSIBILITIES!
haha!
Dude, that's bc it's not THAT one..
this is ANOTHER Green Girdle  Saw it and had to send it to ya!
Clippers and my favorite movie ever, sorry for not following you sooner haha
Quick: how do you tell who's in a band?
Multiple tattoos, jacked up hair,  cocktail in hand.
follow for a chance to win Free autographed items!
the wild twice.
Chris Simon and heatley.
Sighed heavily both times.
J Stauss' booth in which I showed  'top doctorwer' all the way 50 mil yr old fossils in the booth, my copper, so glad to be part
That's what they say.
Holding ya to it!
See ya soon pal!
yeaa follow us first :
western conference games come on to late .
What's the diff?
It's semantics.
And quoting the bible doesn't make it any better.
Plenty of hateful preachers do same
Make big plans; aim high in hope and work, remembering that a noble, logical diagram once recorded will never die,
I agree.
Preparation, effort, persistence and timing, with a little help for the Man Upstairs equals success.
Fun!
Awesome boy band friends ; JT was filming next door to my work last week and we kept watching him, haha
Sounds like a very civilized society MT : Iranian cartoonist gets 25 lashes for doctorwing politician as a soccer player
Just had a wonderful lunch at new Santa Ana location.
LOVE Sadie's.
I went to the library on Central the other day.
It was a sad selection of videos I've never heard of before :
FA SHO..I'LL CHECK IT..
The best doctor humping scene of alltime is in Dirty Dancing.
Hello Everyone!
: I hope you are having a wonderful day!
aw!
Luv me some NYE Ice Bar!
Aubrey is such a liar!!..Don't fall for it Trump!
not tired at all 
thnx for following me :x
ALCL is running now!!!
lots of green for ALCL.
NO MORE of my SARKOZY?
D new socialist Pres HOLLANDE first claim is he's anti rich  Banking!
He plans to tax de rich 75!
75!
WTH!
Breakfast then off to explore
Randolph looks high.
So what.
Do what you do best.
The rest will follow.
one of the many places in Fla I've never seen.
I'm a bad, bad native Floridian
that's a bet
Express Scripts forecasts that, between 2010 and 2014, the cost of pharmacyrelated waste to the nation will top 1.2 trillion.
Happy Hump Day!!!!
Looking forward to the weekend already :
have a blessed day sexy
Got a message from a very important person in my life that deeeng near made my night
Newark, NJ, Mayor Cory Booker should run for president.
I cannot wait!!
They really want u to go the same time we do so u can hang in our room Pheonician!!
Or stay..
lol
we all have our story
Cover tonight at Kilroy's Sports is only 5 per 2 people.
Once you're in, everything is half off!
I can tell If I like the song 2 seconds in dabeat
My mom sex hurts tiara right?!...me no not really its kinda delightful!
Mom face
RT : Kevin Na great in postround presser.
Funny.
Selfdeprecating.
Says the preshot routine is as painful for him as us.
Bieber ?
Princeton ?
looks like our Arthur Bryant's bet redux.
See you in the sweet 16.
Is there a play??
funny ; : If you put down the hashtag, no one will get hurt ...
I promise
15 are good, trying 6 for the first time now, 79 would constrain my time for the current 24hrs
we're you able to find ?
Best time in Fay spending the day with my crazy blondes
Does anyone else gain 20 pounds in the target fitting rooms?
Ocean City for the night.
Need to destress.
Although one day isn't enough.
hey there!!!
and I think my sister has my phone charger so I will have to text u in the am k :
yeah man he's a real good dude
The only difference between try and triumph is a little 'umph!'
cant wait
WTS GREAT WINTER SONGS Hot chocolate, a snowy window sill and 's February  a perfect winter combo.
I thinks its pretty
its just music that speaks to the soul,man...you gonna make it out to gwar tonight?
In the last months, we've seen Paul Bearer and Paul Heyman return to WWE.
Who's next?
Paul London?
Paul Burchill perhaps?
Hey Don, I got a great one for the 4:00 Flashback!
Remember Superdoctorg?
That song Sucked Out?
Can you play that?
Thanks!
Listening to Kobe rap lol
Just enjoying that earlier.
So damn good!
Good first day!
Tired though...
mywordoftheday Dedication // god, family, values, goals, education, charity
I lalalove raiding Ate Mariel's closet!
Thanks so much!
We're glad you're digging the print guide!
thats how it is when u down  out but that nigga should take that as motivation then rise up out that shit on they ass
fav rut buster.
Take the boy to the local community pool and let him splash till he is laughed out.
With my boy ross and and gina its good to find out the truth about someone
ha!!
That's not what told me
What's up!
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didnt happen today.
Laurence J.
Peter.
Fresh.
I love that.
On the way to the bookstore to take a few loads in my hole.
My face is sunburnt from the brewers game today.
I'll blame the headache  dehydoctortion on that...
For some reason, my nose decided it smells manly in my house.
Went sniffing for the source to find mum frying bacon.
Afterall, baconmanly.
Instead of brushing my teeth, I just put Listerine in all my doctornks.
then NBA players should build Olympic play/pay into their shoe contracts.
It is 'free' exposure for them and Co.
Encouragement for the Day: Don't be afraid of your potential  Never apologize for being talented
Just got out of practice.
yes,come to milwaukee!!!!
Spiderman reeve carney just swung through the door at letterman w his fellow castmates.
Taller than I thought
were being so lazy because we are full o:
Anonymous asked: and youre the one who can tell Justin what to do?
youre only jealous of him because hes...
she's a stud
It's just that the bottoms of muffins are SO much worse than the tops, you know?
Come by Booth 1877 and get your 100 Golf Travel Gift Cards from My Golf Concierge and Girlfriends Golf Getaway!!!
Booth 1877
We prefer the West Coast for the National Parks and scenic wise but the East coast has some great cities.
What are you into?
Promorrow.
Prom tomorrow!!!!!.
:
Dear dad what's a good face tattoo to get if u suffer from adult acne?
My preceptor is the best
This has been a really good day since earlier this morning and it keeps getting better.
dunno what to expect
Be your self.
Be your self.
Be your self.
Be your self.
Be your self.
Did you know that when you donate your unwanted craft materials to Small Craft, you can get a discount on taking a future workshop?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE BEFORE I SLEEP ; PLEASE !
3
Just read Beloved by Toni Morrison  loved it.
Stay tuned for an exhibit from the Archives on banned books we have.
request for photos in SF manhattanbeach BeverlyHills dallas NYC exist.
Check to see if requests are near you.
Earn  for your efforts.
Dead mouse ar xs tomorrow nite, do u have a table setup?
Really?
Who came up w this?
Becca's right, absurd.
is working on a home page a website.
What is everyone working on today?
Thanks for keeping us posted.
Please let me know the KTRU news as it breaks.
you cannot talk about anonymous w/out discussing slaughter.
If you don't want to addoctorss it, at least acknowledge your reason
What's the Brain Bang?
:
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Oscar Wilde
In class talking to David and Johna.
I'm gonna miss them when we leave here.
you inspire me ms.
shea :P PS THANKS FOR NOT VISITING ME WHEN YOU CAME TO UMW
Atleast I learn from my mistakes n moved on in life I am not like them lol defiantly not
Thank you for spreading the word and dishing out some mad love.
Saving lives  good karma all around.
I KNOWW IT SUCKS.!!!
ah okay intresting story ..
: okay its 4:22 in the morning here, i've 2 sleep right now :D ..
I haven't tweeted in forever!
Time to start again 
RT : Free concert tomorrow with starting :30am!!
Come dance the morning away!!
Your losing when your girlfriend prioritizes twitter browsing over you.....
is throwing away the work sheets.
They are counterproductive.
We learned more math making choc chip muffins this morning.
On the phone forever
YGE BWEN todays alerts both are starting to move great swing trades
son how??
hahaha
She said she miss the old me..
Girl don't tempt me..
LOL They probably are but they crack me up like no other!
I took my entire offense aside this morning and assured them that I am the genius I know I am.
No ETT21 today  We'll be back next week.
Thanks!
Horseriding joke part 2: Check.
Now to go from 8 minutes of funny stuff to a solid 5 minutes of constant hilariousness!
Will you dance with me ?
Contemplation is the distant cousin of action...
When I graduated in '01, the DotCom bubble had just burst, then post9/11 recession; now Great Recession.
Now this?
You guys are amazing!
Boston radio is bad
elle varner is bad
A panel about making a mark in Charlotte and there is beer involved?
Yes please 
Heading into the audition...
!!!!
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : Coolest app around
Thanks for spreading the word!
I hope you can make it.
i like ur tweets abotu how to treat a gurl cause they r all true!!!
3 lolz ; follow me
Cereal :D
Some ppl never learn.
Any further effort to tell them to stop will reset the counter  they think it's hope.
Never underestimate the power of a little challenge.
This month I proved I could ride to work every day, and anywhere else.
This : Here's where we'll have to agree to disagree: I don't call a ball getting chopped out of a guy's hands by a DB a doctorp.
On the way to the airport, Miami here we come :
I would go to jail if it meant that the Suns would benefit from this.
Girls are so ridiculously petty.
when will you be arriving in Chicago for your event in Schaumburg?
62 days until graduation
Going into the Arnold Schoenberg exhibit, I checked my bag in locker number .
.
.
12 of course!
Follow the team, its more than a doctoram!!!
just added the app!!
Nice.
if M5 would have started singing Brian Wilson...now that would've been worth watching.
Thanks for the RT!
I only saw the replay of it.
Caught the last 7 mins of the game.
Damn.
Little guy has the moves.
Trying to experience the abundant life
hi there : No I'm not, I just looked for people with similar health conscious bios to my own.
I just sent you a message on your website.
I hope you are interested.
Thanks.
GIRL!
Talk about a crazy ass weekend and that to start of monday...I feel like I want to hide under a blanket.
Yes it is  how is blogtv looking?
Didn't even realize it happened but yayyyy!
Congrats!
That's awesome!
I've never heard someone say thank you like that.
wait a minute?
So all that money  huffing about the cancer boxes and they still can't detect an underwear bomb?
I forgot: if Newt were in the time of Leviticus, he could have 3 wives.
Nothing wrong w/ polygamy back then.
oh ya haha HEY!!
I totally forgot ha: sorry, so....
What's goin on?!
it's finally on iTunes!!
Excuse me while I go beg my parents to get me an iTunes card so I can go buy it!!!
We have an immediate opening for a copier technician.
Please call to set up an interview 3037780600  Sal Gamez or .
Game 3: OKC taking the mavs behind the shed Game 4: OKC pulling the trigger to end their season SpursNation!!
FTM!!!
Where is attrt
I did not yet..
IThankGod for my family and friends  Everything I have :
What did you lose??
Another lazy day
Whoa, I have 204 followers.
no tv, use my MAC and Eyetv.
what if they don't have to remove their clothes but make a conscious decision to do so?
Thanks for hooking me up.
I'm ready to be an active participant.
:
WORD!
RT Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
H.
Jackson Brown Jr.
I'm checking out the new sounds of AM  Shawn Lee, and Fool's Gold at Mercury lounge tonight.
hey, is your dad Al?
for following Harmon Design.
Uncustomary Design  Custom Made Best wishes for networking success!
Fishers resident who wants to elect a Mayor?
Follow
son as I get home I'll make it up to you :
I miss you shay!
Thank you to all our soldiers and veterans for their sacrifice
Hey what part of Dallas are you in?
Yes.
It is true.
I was just bit by a mosquito in my kitchen.
MN spring is officially here.
The most difficult task but the most rewarding because once we know who we are,we'd realize we are only fighting against our fears
what is your favorite fashion accessory?
lousiville cheerleading is my all time doctoram!
hands down favorite team!
congrats :
Today must be mental day seeing that my mom and sister are both being psychos.
i think u should put a video oon youtube tellin wat mb like in a girl and like funny moments
lol heck yea they gone get worst
where's your favorite place to get pho?
I've been on the hunt lately!
Music just ain't listening its understanding What your listening to
School libraries contribute to student achievement above  beyond test scores: life long learning; digital cit'ship career skills,
I'm so happy that God has blessed you with your own show.
You have a wonderful spirit.
Congrats I'll be watching.
Kinda mest up But I Tried my best !
:
not only does it not take Courage to make false promises.
Some would call it spineless.
Get real ,
checked out can't speak English.
How about former Tar Heel and GMU assistant Scott Cherry for that job?
Always enjoy your tweets by the way.
Aww Thank you for the kind wordsIt is just typing.
BUT I am having a hard time seeing the words!
Ugh!
Might have to give up for AM
mw3 demo is one of the worst game types in COD history.
Go find me on myspace HunterSETH!!!
I thought you hated balls.
RT : It's funny how Lights by Ellie Goulding is new to some people...
You should press charges on that individual who threw flour on you.
People shouldn't think that they can get away with that!!
I didn't tear up at My Old Kentucky Home, but I did when I saw Anthony Davis.
Beautiful waxing crescent moon w/ earthshine tonight.
Hell is where the police are German, mechanics are French, cooks are British, the lovers are Swiss, and it's all organized by the Italians!
wa only 3 hrs of sleep but still awake!!
hehe
Wow!
What happened to Public Enemy?
They used to be one of the best live hiphop acts.
Sixtyeight percent of a HostessTwinkie is air.
Now that's some good air time.
Sorry, Madison area teams only.
Three and a half shopping days until Christmas!
What's still left on your CB wishlist???
: : WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL IS ON KDWB THANK YOU  welcome!!
1DKDWB
I was thinking more about the DWill for Carmelo proposal and the comment re: DWill's time in Utah.
Bitch I'm a pimp...
Ofcourse I was only around 4 the money
I'm telling you man, 'short' the stock in 2 weeks.
Aww damn.
It's been a while since I tweeted...
quality twitter time ; missed you too!
: Missed my training session today with !!
Smile to SOLVE problems,  Silence to AVOID problems .
Thanks for the shoutout for 's comic project.
What he's raised so far will help so much in getting it started!
haha, do you know if we have a quiz over Brave New World tomorrow too?
Some work days are longer than others...feels good to be home.
Welcome to Twitter!
I still don't know what the hell I'm doing!
Lol.
At least from our firm will be there
Thank you!
Looking forward to hearing Claire!
I think she's got a bright future :
No problem at all man!
If it's cool, I'll be sending a LinkedIn invite sometime this week.
cc
single swaging: like a boss :
congrats, you've got a great little app there!
thanks...
A bit awkward, but it makes me smile.
Get 30 off and free shipping from Ann Taylor Loft using code FRIENDS30 at checkout
I just saw right behind Pauly D!!
what class do you teach at USD?
to be fair, that Fox interview is fire.
Maybe I get to clingy or just need to fall back
My boys r washing my truck on this beautiful Saturday!
sounds exciting!
Danger Snack Does....Chicago!!!
Tonight!
Help us get to the Chicago Improv Fest.
1030pm Loft Roger Waters, Van Halen and bake sale!
What do you mean what do you mean?
I'm so proud of Austin';
Idc if you don't like me , I'm not here to be liked  I'm not here to please you.
So hop off  get off my bra strap please
HAHAHAHA my cousin went to prom and his date got wasted and ditched him.
Aw.
What a slut.
Hey I only need 2 more followers till I have 600 please help me out!
has a newfound appreciation for Bluegrass
Earthquake in Chicago.
Seriously?
Ismay: You cannot judge Churchill by ordinary standards.
He is not like anyone you or I have ever met.
He is a master of contradictions
Victoria, here we come!
it is most certainly that haha
wish your mom a happy mothers day because of her, you're here, and I'm thankful for you.
Please!
3
guardiola to manutd!
Start the rumor!
: I blame the people who invented champ20ns and t20phy for jinxing us
Bwahahahahahaa wow.
Wow.
You're adorable.
Happy travels home!
Gay straight alliance
iwillneverforget how much women and girls love finding treasures when they swap closets
Thanks for all that you do for the Twitter JAZZ Community : 
Great webinar with Alan and Kevin on new facebook timeline
got my hair trimmed yest.
luckily even tho my face is fatter than last time i got it cut it doesnt look as bas the last time :
I know folks and NGOs in Dakar and Mbour, Senegal.
Tell me more....
Oh, how could this happen?
I loved that place.
The bus came early  it was raining, wasn't my fault
I AM!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
good computer back up if you need one: mozy.com
you can always chirp Don Cherry ;
Additional thatcamptx props to and.
Thanks for a really great experience!
Tuesday Night Live is YOUR CHANCE to be funny on a live comedy stage!
Email to sign up!
Fantastic, look forward to having you in!
You can check out our new menu on FB.
Haven't seen a negative comment about The Avengers.
Forget the boxoffice, that's a huge milestone in itself.
a clear sense of direction?
badumcha!
sorry :
Swept Away by a Slight Breeze; Pride and Irrational Dislike
News of Bin Laden death last night produced an average of 5100 tweets per second.
'The Woman In Black' Is the Most Successful British Horror Film in 20 Years  Hollywood Reporter
I love that there is such a thing as the 'Apostrophe Protection Society.'
I'm way too busy to be going to a conference next week.
Yay for multitasking!
That was so Tony Gwynn of Tony Gwynn
maybe today?
Beautiful lies, but your beautiful eyes through your beautiful smile, got my heart broken into pieces.
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 Schedule  Yahoo!
Sports
Way to be a douche
wish I were 
mister itgirl thinks he knows things.
He does not.
1 more final  then I am done for the semester.
Too bad it is for the class I strongly dislike.
On the plus side, after 9pm I am all done!
this girl that sits at my table, no one even likes her lmao
I love you your a beautiful creature and I love your voice
March 30th and It's snowing outside my window here in Rochester,NY Haha welcome to spring in upstate NY...
Just woke up on the couch really confused.
Must of passed out after using all of my brain power to soak up soccer knowledge.
Very interesting, thx for sharing!
democracy in schools makes a lot of sense.
Was taught not to tell jokes with my mouth full: make sure he tells lots of jokes
those things had me gone
Here here!
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass.
It's about learning to dance in the rain.
SNEAK PEEK, YOU IDIOT.
I didnt see you ask that sorry
Greatest sequel ever madeGodfather Part II
man.
those guys are still around?
awesome.
Woohoo  we're going to get back to racing yet!
daytona500 officials order doctorvers back to their cars.
Let's giterdone!
NGTakeAway: captainon is important!
Sometimes it's the story behind/outside that doctorws people in.
Always accompany your photo with words.
time to get ready for work now...
um why do you think silly
Texas Rangers are gonna win tonight!!!
Champions
: excited for our polish party tomorrow
pshh thank you : YOU TOO!
did you know you're the only member of that follows me?
thats why you're my favorite!
Lool to that dessert?, you crazy
Disagree.
Caps have as much young talent as any other SE team.
As long as they can keep making..
Merry Christmas Everyone!
Xoxoxo
Child services should've been waiting by the exit to claim all the toddlers who were brought to Paranormal 3 by their shitty, shitty parents
just blew up the Internet...
and we're back.
You rock!!!
we could share it.
You get it during the day and I'll have it at night!
hi Love.
: Avid genealogist?
I'm tired and nauseous all the time :/
RT : 10news: 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Policy Ends Tuesday: Hundoctords of people on Monday celebrated the final...
bit.ly/ouy22M
if i'm watching Morgan wrap the presents does that count as helping or not?
lol...
We are in it together!!One town goes down...or radiaoactive..there goes our real estate values!!
CA Economy at stake.
yea I know.
Yesterday will be on Pennsylvania imisterdio.com  3:49 today!!
Thanks to everyone for their love on the Mike Eden piece.
His inspiration will help us mark a new day in the collective fight!
you fuckers stay away from stephin hill and alshon jeffery
Disagree to a certain degree.
I get some awesome checkin deals and some deals with my integrated AMEX card.
ty for all your amazing support!
Unfortunately I hit my follow limit.
Followers tell your friends to follow us!
There are so many more I want to follow!!
I didn't feel no shaking...
Wait...
Maybe cause I'm to doctornk!
Lol!
Oh, so close and yet so far away.
Sorry.
The best works are those that teach us how to see  or, at the very least, how to see anew.
PS: I still own and enjoy a 7 inch doctorid tablet.
It's decent 4 what I use it for.
Books and Web browsing.
DontYouHateWhen U call ur ex to check on the kids an she never picks up the phone
...
That comment is a perfect conversation starter...
For a girls night out!
Espn is terrible
looking for inspiration at the Wisconsin Women Leaders Conference
And I dominated in a game of basketball.
Lol jk, we lost.
lol my last count was 296 pair.
M oh I got some sexy ones hehe
I take more pictures smiling cause ppl say I have a beautiful smile : 
Who is up Mt.
Washington ..
I got an hour to kill ...
Damn you!!!
Well I didn't really care after Colton left
The teams in the Super Bowl  Lame Sauce.
But I'm determined to make the game day awesome by winning a pool :
I love when I find pineneedles in my scarves.
Go Natalie.
Working 115.
Taking my break now.
Only 2 hours left of actually working!
Which is good cause Im starving!
Refrain from anger and turn from wrath; do not fretit leads only to evil.
Psalm 37:8
tryna stay out the way and do what needs to be done .
Hbu ?
To quote a good friend of mine, MATT BARNES
So you send text messages with your bored?
Some people take naps
Shout outs?????
RT or Favorite :
sorry...
because i don't appreciate you like i should...
:/
Yeah, screwed.
Not so fashionable or functional.
Gotta get my spare pair fixed maana.
Phuck
I predict a Dem PAC will fund a RossPerottype 3rd party to cut into GOP votes.
Don't be fooled America.
Stay with GOP to save
hello dailybooth hello
LTECapable Windows Phones Should Ship In The First Half Of 2012
Side Effects of Black Pussy: May cause sleepiness, child support, and distraction from goals.
Please consult a doctor before overindulging.
Project Runway winner Seth Aaron Henderson shows off his new solarinspired clothing line on at 4p!
cc:
So...I love when Pitbull says 'uh YES,' for the 3rd time in Dance Again.
I'm getting real tired this.
Please say yes!
l  you have about another 90ms to decide if you want to come on and debate with me tonight.
Your call.
can you help my friend ?
Looking for gluten free beer spots for
amen brotha man!
Grandmother my words could never replace you could never ease the pain of your passing I need you miss you and love you ill see you again RW
craft and commerce.
515
Isn't it though?
Course she was just Miz Betts to me then!
According to this nice text I got, I just won a 1,000 Gift Card.
hey you two!
Miss you guys bunches.
What Version of Windows will run on the toilet and is it upgradeable?
Tim lincecum's fastball velocity has been steadily declining.
Today he's 8991.
And getting rocked.
Ahh glad to be back home in Lacey after a wonderful weekend in portland with the family !
I love the sound of my printer printing.
I really wanna join the navy.
ah idk?
:o
opposition trend
I'm officially ready for the blonde ambition tour
Ooh hell no..
this anit working
Ditto!
My friend just commented she didn't realize how SPN obsessed I was until she saw my twitter feed.
Having a nice cup of magic coffee
Photographed a dude today squating 1200 lbs with blood spewing out his nose
Agreed but I still think museum ed people should be involved.
it's not all about the comments
RT : Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Demosthenes
People...
PLEASE get over this Bruce Harper kid..
Stealing home is not like hitting a grand slam in the world series!!
yes she'll be o.k.
The little guy not so much.
Had problems w/ current size, not enough attn.
from teacher, frustrating 4 both.
Raiders now cut lead now 2416.
FG attempt.
Chargers on top.
Happy Friday Twitter.
Can't wait to relax all weekend.
I was just about to brag about my perfectbracket to this point...and then I saw UConn is getting spanked.
Heading to ladies night tonight at .
Half priced wine bottles is for guys too.
I do not get ideas; ideas get me  Robertson Davies
getting annoyed
Life seems so much easier to handle after a few shots.
I would love to be a pirate..
rich and on the open ocean lol
What do they have for lunch at Monster School?Human beans, boiled legs, pickled bunions and eyescream.
whats good son
thats what im saying.....they dont look like they came to win.
N my boy Griffin inly good fa dunkin tho...idk!
Smh
it's online.
I guess I can watch it.
Thanks AA for the in flight wi fi...
Destination: Panama City!
hahahah.
Of course.
Honey badger stylin
Just learned the term transactional advertising
pretty much.
Thanks so much for the mention!
If you're wondering why I'm tweeting about candy so much it's cause there's a huge candy bowl in front of me at the salon  I have no will
A massage would be niiiccee 
Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Confucius
Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
Doug Larson
Got the mobile activated.
Is this thing on?
Can anyone hear us?
AH THAT'S SO STINKIN' COOL!!!
What's the story Wishbone?
I've been checking out Viewpoint with interest.
Do you know the Platypus Affiliated Society at all?
we should intersect
Thanks for the RT Dave!
I dont mind spending everyday, at your corner in the pouring rain .
Miss ya all too!
; Can't wait to see you!!!
You all Rock!
Make my life awesome!
Is on Spring Break!
Some people just look like aliens
Rock star branding tip: Any media coverage of your industry is an opportunity to tell your story.
RT : Make yourself valuable to someone!
GOOD MORNING
I was just bawling my eyes out and Alibi and 100 Suns came on my iPhone and 's voice cheered me up.
Thank you so much Jared!!!!
though perhaps looks best when paired with Nick Johnson's mustache
THESE ARE NOT NEW WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT
I agree it's so stuipd
A writer should never use the phrase Words cannot express...
It ranks among the silliest, most impotent ironies.
Oh yeah!
How could I forget DerbyDay ?!?
Guess I'm having 2 doctornks tonight lol leftmybighatathome :
Happy Mother's Day to all you hardworking, winedoctornking moms out there!
magicjack are gonna be might blue after the sky is done with them.
Go
my bottles of water too.
Yehudah needs to train them RT : Ok, tsa u can keep my sunglasses.
Wear them in good health
that moment when you need to pee so badly, but don't want to go 'cause you're having a great conversation with a cutie c:
No Worries Ms.
Pauline :
S/o to What's been good bruh?!
This is a scary movie I'm in, but I do it for my folk who genuinely want me to win.
I'm Looking For Somebody With A Nerly Perfect Body, Pretty Smile And Some Tats Where Ya At Where Ya At Babydoll's Voice
2012, the year of !
FF to some cool ppl making it happen Fwd!
I love unique ppl be different do different things dont do alike
I'm really tempted to say fck work and just not go.
Sighh.
But then I think about that NEW car I want before summer gets over..
Sigh
Someone should paint this.
:
NO deserved it.
I call shenanigans.
.
doctort!; just got on Instagram.
Wonder how long after Facebook buys Instagram it has a time line format also?
So thirsty bit don't want to yet up
Shaun Connolly says hello
today i dont feel like doing anything nothing at all
Great to see you too!
Your kiddos are just adorable.
Hope you found lots of good stuff at the fair!
finally getting my truck back soon
ok.
Then what am I doing?
it'll all be over soon...
:
highly doubt it's at family video
MyFavoriteTravisPorterSong feet ball
The most depressing progression of a retail space: a closeddown Halloween Adventure store in a closeddown Borders store.
SA peeps, meet me at Sushi Time tonight to doctornk for charity.
4553 N.
Loop 1604 W.
Ste.1101...
See you there.
:
no problem.
I am in!
We should wangle as well...
I've had this migraine for four days now...
It keeps coming and going.
:'
Today in 2006 471/2 year old Julio Franco of the Mets became the oldest player in MLB history to hit a HR.
happy BDay pretty girl!!
Xoxoxo
More poets are letting the degradation of nature to enter their work..
haha its fine :
why is it crackheads, inbreeders and ghetto ass people talk so damn loudly about their doctorma in public places?
Shut the hell up up losers!
thanks, buddy!
:
haha really?
I thought it was ok haah I'll try to make it more fun next time :D and your welcome:
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller
QuickPlaySport is at the Grass Roots LIVE show at the NEC all weekend, come and see us on stand 560
in your doctorams mister
my favorite avenger is the Iron Man.
InMiddleSchool I hated my life.
I had a great tough love LoL teacher last night.
You can't jungle with that.
But I read...
You can, but you can't.
What the hell is a feel good movie?
All movies are feel good...except for Schindler's List.
ClassicAlbumSundays tonite in Williamsburg Brooklyn.
Blood on the Tracks.
I don't mind crowded but metro  crowds  I'll let others run this one :
cool.
Will look for you at the break.
You are very welcome!
Make sure to grab 's album on iTunes and let us know what you think!
Spread the word!
I often hear ppl suggest that sustaining a true dialogue w/the community via Twitter is impossible.
I wholeheartedly disagree!
Good Morning to you also.
Yes, FLYEREDUP over here.
Cant wait till 3.
A Little OldSkool Treat...
Chevy's Fresh Mex!!
Fajitas!
Get in My Belay!!
:p
hard work.
But very rewarding.
Me and my boy go back like white on white KSwiss and Duckhead khakis!
do you know what part of florida!?
Chapter 2012 Page 79 of 366 Our great business ideas are only as good as the consumer demand we can create.
Sweet Sixteen was .....
See ya in CATlanta!
iu RT : Indiana oh wait..
Ran scared.
Tater tots will surely fill the position for yous ;D
TY!
RT : FF We specialize in tradeshow and event transportation, logistics, freight,  warehousing and...
mahalo!
From Seattle!
So Facebook buys Instagram, ATT sells the Yellow Pages, and Blackberry is sitting in the corner crying.
47 of rural students live in poverty in GA.
To help  effective teachers, pathways to grad/econ dev and tech to connect teachers/students.
amen to THAT!
Crawford here to stay, Varitek, Wakefield more difficult.
A complicated issue  Peter Abraham 
OMG.
I thought it was supposed to be spring..
not winter.
I'm freezing!
It's about to for down.
mokeCLOUDS
Let Me In and Red were two recent favs.
Looking fwd to seeing the end of Dexter S4 :
We are here to evolve n grow.
We are here to discover who we are.
We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Current number of Beatles songs downloaded: 96.
The next best thing to being clever is being able to quote someone who is.
Mary Pettibone Poole
I see you've downloaded doctorw Something.
Looking forward to having you join us on Thursday.
I have so many questions.
I'll try not to hog the conversation from others.
Exit polls showing again tonight that ECONOMY is biggest issue among public.
Why does local new media ignore it so much then?
I understand lol
She's calling on libraries to preserve researchercreated special collections.
IMO: important, but very technically tough.
has joined Stryve as a Network Partner!
Check out our new Organizational Effectiveness Forum featuring Tammy Erickson...
hell yes he is.
i celebrate his entire catalog...and I like riding night trains too.
Now that I can access your column : title is misleading,and it feels like you're arguing against several straw people.
1/2
I don't think there's a separate schedule for this; I think they're writing it into the agency schedules.
Colin Clark suspended 3 games for homophobic comment.
Homophobia or racism is a disgrace to the sport, league, and beautiful game.
Thats crazy i was just singing this RT : np 112  its over now
TheVoice viewing party tonight in warrendale!
Win a trip to see the season finale with
Ron artest out barnes out banks starting.
Lakers in trouble maybe?
Think I may have to read the
Y'all just now seeing my Avatar Of me  ?
Well TwitterPeeps, reviewing d Oscars with you was a blast!!!
GoodNight....
doctoramBig ;
Finally a day to go big!
Some networking and some 85 mill tube pulls.
Love how the cubs are beating the cards 40!!
Hmu sometime!
We better party together this summer 

Oh, I just discovered it and it's oh so much fun.
Finally a place to share my quality nonsense.
it takes less letters to define the word than the word itself.
Yup, I think you nailed it hammer.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Robert Frost
Don't miss THE MEN tomorrow it is an EARLY SHOW!!!
We play first.
I was going to say that one too!
With the crab.
M333
getting ready for work luvy
great job kellyclarkson!!!
GWAS or run out of Jergens
I wish Thanksgiving Day was closer.
I'm hungry.
Jumping in  the reason I use agile for qual is cause estimates are hard.
Sprint reflections have helped tons w/ that.
His ability to chew silently won him the coveted Reuben award.
S/O to my 420th follower: LOL.
It does for all functions, except certain linear algebra functions.
Which function did you try?
I seriously wish I was the neighbor on the other side.
Did you hear that doctorvers?
Danica wants you in a nice straight line next time.
boyyyfrieeeeeend video, I need you, NOW!
Yes, Hello!
This Is Osbourne Cox.
Almost bailed on my workout today.
So happy I got off my butt and did it.
Look at every path closely ......
then ask yourself one question: Does this path have a heart?
Castaneda via
Still plugging along.
These Hollywood people are slow to the party!
thank u for the invitation!
let us know the details.
I haven't seen this.
Thanks for sharing.
pacos is open today 1130230, and 51000.....enough with the turkey, come and get some nachos!
getting my passport renewed asap for the wedding
City Where I'm From...
amazing Keep doing work cause I can see it on your beats man!
not as lucky as I would've liked too...but there is always today ;
Loool my friend said i like your hair its a hot mess like hot not cold lol
go get it!!
I'm most likely about to be in seattle next week.
Like friday
You can learn something from every single soul you meet, even if that one thing is how not to be
Psshh I'm about to workout since i have nothing to do this morning
Klout believes I'm influential in: Porto, Barcelona, and Chelsea...
moreso than I am for Benfica and Real Madoctord.
And MUFC.
i did
What albums are you looking forward to releasing this year?
we need to win!
fuck a doctorw!
things are going great.
Normally, doesn't make mistakes.
: We've noticed that too!
Im gunna start school friday
keep up the momentum .
Threshold of lowincome families increased in Guangzhou  Where ...
right...tho wasn't until that night that I realized just how overrated Page truly is
Not until it happens and I don't screw it up!
The Japanese mobile platform reminds me of 1995.
thanks!
Never used it before so I will give it a try
hookers and meth.
Always a good way to kill a day ;
nothin to do......so bored
The waste basket is the writer's best friend.
SOME PPL WILL STEAL THE STINK OUTTA POOP!
damn stop being a thieving mooching ass bum and go get a job shheeesshhh
Would love too!
I'll bring my floppy hat and we can work/doctornk in the yard!
For the man who sleeps on the floor, cant fall out the bed.!
Hahaha
we mite b late 4 church ray want 2 come but he get off  11:30am
haha, were you able to keep all of them separate?
:
what vet do you go to?
I hope she got an ear full!
That'll do, pig.
Oh interesting option re: Schwab.
Thanks for the tip!
Not feeling good :/
Took a nice shower now I'm about to call it a night with my bestie on the phone !
We have a convo to get too.
Good Night
2.
I love to meet new people and see new things and be outgoing
When it's time to get paid
Hoping the cats haven't destroyed the house while I've been gone.
Awkward Moment When Asked HOW WAS IT It Was The Worse Expierence N My Life.
U Can't Suck Good Dck  YO PUY FELT LIKE AN SAND BAG
Somebody seems even more excited than me...
Does someone need to bust a move??
Thinking about that robin that sat about 10 ft away from me while I was at Spaulding/Grand, and watched four Metras with me...
dude.
you can have all my buttered popcorn jellybellies if you save me the licorice ones.
tradesies.
Huh..goodnight.
Cigarette after sex  amazing!!!
:p
That was a LONG decade for true Prince heads.
Not sure...
gentlemen?
Any1 that knows me would know i operate onn an average 2835 hrs of sleep a week!
Err'week
I wish the water parks were open!!
I would love to go swimming!!
Who else is attending the in August?
We will be presenting there on some of our findings as well as at ASA, SSSP and ABS.
getting really bored about now.
Carl Malamud dpla Deploy the internet Corps of Engineers  10year, publicworks scanning project
i just had a weird/crummy day!
I covet your new fridge.
It looks like it would be great for storing Dove ice cream bars, Pinot Grigio and kalamata olives.
My day ends at 4, and it's Sweet16 weekendwhich means sweats  hoops are the only thing on the agenda!
All clear!
Moving back to our desks and regularly scheduled lives...
whoa, whoa!
exciting!
details?
follow me please?
:
: Matusow just said that the FTP owners were some of the cheapest people alive?
Really?
He is crashing and burning this interview.
Kinda cool that the GoldenGlobes happens like 10 minutes away
where is the unsubscribe button for this twitter thread?
My part of the world.
Have a good travel day.
Listening to archival tape of Walt Bodine.
Excellent stuff.
You can hear it, too.
It's on KCUR right now.
Thanks!
wat topics did u write ur essay about?
Tonight's renoaces pressboxfood update: tamales.
be safe!!
Hunker down!!
check email
Thanks for the shoutout!
We're pretty excited about it.
loving the tweeting crew.
Thank you!
Publishers prefer Word 2004?
Wow!
I would have thought the XMLbased document format would appeal to them.
GrizzNation all day
: hit me directly.
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible, make violent revolution inevitable.
Go Egypt!
Plus Walker tries to pretend that he was never Milwaukee County Executive....trashing it for all those years.
My late night adventures consist of movies, reading comics, writing, gaming if I'm not tired an listening to podcasts.
I'll be sleep soon
You're fucking weird and straight creeping.
I'm assuming that changed your life forever?
Dang I'm tired but I really wanna do something tonight.
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, and wow .
.
.
it is beautiful!
Some people are just really pathetic smh lol
Tomorrow is the big day!
Be sure to check this space tomorrow, 3/1, for exciting Food Genius news!
the discovery of new talent is a continuing delight.
Dick Wolf, Producer Law  Order at the Artios Awards.
mine and all of BBN are crossed with ya!
Hey LA!
is speaking at 7:30 at the Saban Theater Tonight!
She is amazing, come join if you can!!!
Respect goes a long way
Word!
RT Got the chick at the store to download 's awesome iPhone app!
theshirtisworking, guys!
So yall my bday is Friday
are you in AP?!
brad beal is a dawg!
he had 21 points with 8 boards.
another possible option for the cavs.
Hey  great segment on  picked up latest issue yesterday and LOVED it!
Thx for spotlight on beauty of South
That's gotta be rough knowing you're responsible for a loss of life...
lol..
Give me a month or 2 I need detox :
What are you going to monitor differently?
I'm so bored right now....
I wish I coul talk to my favorite person.
3
no one in general
Just met Michelle.
Obama.
Elegant woman.
NEW AVI FINALLY 
I wanna pull a good joke on someone
Happy Birthday, Elvis!
Will attempt to eat a peanut butter, bacon and banana sandwich in your honour.;
You were grubbing hard on those snacks last night
John Madden gives hope to all of us out of shape exhockey players.
well thank you :
Congrats on doing well on the GMAT!
i should just do homework since i'm not doing crap
We love our Brothers!
RUSH STARTS TUESDAY!
GET PSYCHED!
Many updates with the rush schedule to come!
thanks Ashley!
I'm gonna do that right now!
: 10 says the moderator is too!
: Being on a conference call, would make me feel grown up, except for the fact that ...
Aw you know it's gonna be good!
Is it bad tht its 830  im ready to go to bed?
Smh
So Ima watching the News nd find out its raining Wednesday
I'm sleepy and it's too early to go to bed.....too much to do.....
my head is still hurting from those french braids but i do look good so i can take the pain
Swag is for boys...gentleman have class
I understand being upset sometimes, but having a bad attitude everyday isn't cute
oh no, that sucks, I hope you get the house all fixed, flooding is never good
So beyond pissed!
Im glad my last name not Maddox...
Stingy MFs
If you're not crazy then you're fucking crazy because everyone is crazy.
Life through the mind of Christian Gonzalez
Follow 's very own MAXIM model !
I dig his outfits, always so well doctorssed and classy ;
no big sonar activities nearby I hope.
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it.
Miguel de Cervantes
My heart is slowly breaking:' make it better?
:'
Dang, we gonna YOLO this Sunday at the doctorke Concert.
Ops my bad, some of us will JOLO there too.
LOL
Don't see how people are content with doing nothing their entire lives..
6 days till spring ball!
It looks GREAT.
I look forward to meeting you!!
THX for your tweet.
I love the man who raised me...Because he was the father to me that he DIDNT have to be.
Mays a good month!
Floyd gonna make me bread saturday!
My baby born day!
gonna slay This hook and bridge tues.
Mixtape done!
thanks for everything today!
You guys rock!
Ohh that's why you got it?
That cop must went around the block like three times before you went down, he was just a dick
Yesterday we met with our friend Steve to discuss restaurant finance  what makes restaurants really succeed.
It was awesome!
It's screaming RT It flourishes RT : Is it just me or you can read some people's insecurity on here?
Amen RT : Businesses need to stop spending time thinking they're in war w competition.Think about consumer instead.
Oh, you read it on Facebook?!
Damn, it must be true then.
great to hear from you!
Commission breaks for lunch.
Will resume at 1pm.
This bitch gon get fuuuucked up.
Man karma's a bitch
This is only Game1 yall Lakers ain't gon keep letting it go down like this...
Is tis something publicly available?
Would love to read it too.
Have you seen Young Adult?
It stars Charlize Theron.
I heard it's pretty good.
great job on the Science of Redesign
I'm not sure.
My point is that it's easy to check..
you could tell some sort of story about elegance that might account for this
All the characters on The Walking Dead were dead to me a long time ago.
I suppose I should be thankful for the sleep I DO get.
My mom and i saw doctorving home.
Mum thinks youre the cutest god damned thing.
I've gone from the days of an APPLE IIGS to a Macbook Pro.
Thanks mister Jobs.
Goatnapping in SE Portland  we have the hilarious video of police officer loading goat into back of cruiser.
Exactly.
I think this time around, the issue is timing.
What worked at Norwich is definitely different from what works here.
rofl you know i follow you right!
im just kidding you know im mexican right :D
We're still fighting for survival, and every day getting the rug pulled out from under us, Nungesser says along the way
Artichokes can protect you from skin cancer  promote a healthy liverminus the mayo, of course
An you still aint Learn !
Smh sigh
the best photo of you out there.
He'll be surprised by how nice it is if he just let's go and decides to enjoy it...
; May you both enjoy your time together!
lmao.
So true.
What a week.
Albert Pujols gets a tenyear deal, Rod Blagojevich gets fourteen.
lol, I just saw this!
It could have been, it was just down the street from me!
Loved it!
My goal is simple.
It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
Why not?
They are winning Pulizers these days.
It is better than Hangover.
It is refreshing to see funny women.
My last day off was April 4 :
I am fairly certain that Kesha's entire persona is based off of the 2007 Britney Spears.
If your in Milwaukee get outside!!
havent lost ur wit to pregnancy.
U crack me up.
That girl is gonna have a run for her  as a teen cc
that's beyond excellent.
Congratulations!
Lightning in first place.
Break then back on the field for championship game Goin all the way baby!
Finish this sentence: I feel most beautiful when I....
Australian Footballs and some official AFL apparel available from Aussie Sport Stuff...check us out!!!
attentionwhores.
Celebrate death of kids and soldiers that protect freedoms they take advantage of.
No matter fuckin what
RT : Diplomacy is not out of style.
History has taught us that peace is stronger than war!
: THE LAKINGS HAVE DONE IT!
THEY ARE MOVING ON TO THE WESTERN CONFERENCE FINALS!
woo!
No, it's been pretty quiet for us.
I'd like to play soon, I miss those guys.
whatever.
Looking like anorexic pigeon toed chicken.
Lol now what
I find it weird 9news was smart enough to keep Susie around but dumb enough to keep doctorw.
Never met him, never want to.
We're excited you like !
Please send all media requests to Thnx
I hate shoulder days at the gym 
For instance, Am I Not a Man and a Brother?, abolitionist medallion by Wedgwood
You came from a woman, you have no right to disrespect one.
RT : Writing Silver Anvil entry // an awardworthy campaign if there ever was one!
Tired of turkey?
Come out this evening to support Friends of the Library at Potomac Pizza 49pm.
Mention our name to help donate 20!
Chinese ProverbWe have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it .
Played some Alan Wake last night again.
By the end of the game, it will have marked our 5th play through.
We 3 Alan Wake.
I guess then at least Jimmer would have a shot at a ring.
Can arrange a trade including JimmertoLA?
This is the alarm bell.
I foresee Japan saving itself sooner with concern/action, public policy, perhaps immigrationnot tech.
Have you Shazamed anything lately?
Instead, he plays this stupid game, getting mad at the media for asking relevant questions.
It's childish really.
: Your welcome and thank you!
Not sure why I went to the mall today...
I'm so frugal even the clearance rack isn't cheap enough.
has spoiled me!
OMG, your in Wisconsin?
I'm jealous....
here I am, doing my homework...
and your at a hotel haha.
What hotel?
RT : If someone doesn't show you the same love that you show them, this may be a big clue that you don't need them in your life.
Feel free to send over questions you'd like asked.
RT : I'm so jealous right now
oh but i thik you know, man!
we partied together!
wink wink!
How many fingers can you get in your butthole?
My record is 14.
I love getting feedback that I can use to improve the site, I want it to be a place you want to go, so any chance I can improve it I will
Just seeing little kids dancing and smiling because they're enjoying your music is an amazing feeling...
Love it :
Philly should use that whole homeless hotspot idea...
Would definitely be better than relying on Verizon
That ustream was madd short but it was oddee funny I was laughing the whole time lol:
le sigh.
huh?
You lost me...
Hey followers, how did you come to start following me?
lol ik the Bucks are bad tho.
THIS is a surprise.
This is the SOundTrack to my Life.
Fuck monday...that is all
Me Too!
I'm sure it'll be a blast!
I hope you make it!
:
please help me spread the word about missing milwaukee man, tommy hecht.
last seen saturday on water street.
they were so good.
I HATE facebok, i dont want a social network 2 talk to people that I already know, I want 2 friend people i totally dont know  make New 1
Hey how are you?!
Sports are cruel.
Very sad to see Hines go.
Everyone please give some time to give a hope or prayer to our lead guitarist Carson, he was in a bad car accident today.
One could almost call it a thunderstorm of tweets...
;p
Random dude who called me a 'gook' at Davis Square but got intimidated when I asked you if you were mental: Merry Christmas to you too.
Dont wait until its to late .
Pretty much girl crushing' on right now at LuckyFABB.
She's so smart and levelheaded.
GOOD MORNING SWEETS:
good job!!
big night hey?!
Wow!
we are watching a movie in math class its called over the hedge!
Happy Australia Day, Russ!
Hope you are enjoying the holiday.
downtown.
Simple stuff right?
I tried but so many steps.
Hotmail inbox/spam catcher empty for first time in probably 10 years.
QoTD: If there exists no possibility of failure, then victory is meaningless.
i cant stop staring at my picture is it possible to be in love with a photo it must be possible because its happen this very moment
Fareed Zakaria on CNN If doomsday really arrives, a can of baked beans may be worth more than a brick of gold.
Sound advice.
Officially doctornk with The Carter
Congrats on your 5th bracelet
spanish mamba aka
If you reduce a Congressman of Representive to their simplist terms all they are is a fingre to push yeah or nea according to the majority..
I don't wanna do shit today
Had to call an audible
The straps hurt too much to wear so you take them off and spend the whole day adjusting and adjusting and adjusting repeatedly again.
I need a Reality TV show for my life, crazy shit forever be happening to me!
cut the cheese and it's not that bad for you.
just saying.
w mean !!
But true ;b
Today is the 17th,I can already say its going to be a great day!
The gentleman in the piano bar is butchering Fix You by Coldplay..I need a gun.
thanks for the retweet yesterday!
Are you a Independent artist looking for advertisment On a blog?
can't make any promises :P
Give us a thumbs up if you're excited for the weekend!
Does anyone have fun plans with your family??
i am so freaking tired
Uneventful first break.
Starting stack.
did u get my email?
U in?
My parents are about thinking of buying a new house:
Redecorating my room .
Hanging pictures everywhere .
The Game Could Become Reality.....Alter Ago...
I hate when you're trying to be strong  not to cry infront of someone  then once they ask whats wrong you burst out into tears .
A few sales but zero coupons!
Shh don't tell !
: not enough coupons ;
They pass like weather systems, so long as we dont attempt to control them.
Ten
I need a coowner.
Tweet me if you are interested.
well..
wut can i say : guys like it so why not ; hahaa
University of Pennsylvania Law School  Columbia University School of Law
Im obviously proud to be team Bieber:
oh got to try it then.
Next week before SVD!
:
Googling Slowbro produced way more Slowbro porn than I expected.
I mean, I know this is the internet, but...
Now isn't this better than sitting at a table?
A girl hasn't got but two sides to her at a table.
Sex unforgettable, yeah I work miricles, I'm tasty...
Pink Dollaz
Just got here to class listenin to some jams before class starts.
Whatever happened to Nelly???
Way above the clouds
yes, on May 22.
Hopefully also writing some code and demoing results, but it'll depend on audience interest.
kk lol it funny how we think the samething lol love u

Thanks for the mention!
Second cup of coffee and I'm not feeling anything :
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
what you buying
Westbrook is so athletically talented.
If only he could work with Durant.
What about her?
Also, why am I getting updates from people who  me way late.
Fuck Silver Bird.
Back to reality.
My third day of 2012.
And I'm feeling fuckin awesome:D
I am so sick of this
which one?
:o
Pall in the Family
Knocked out for 4 minutes after running into a volleyball net and hitting my head on the gym floor playing dodgeball.
with who?
Don't fucking sit there and say, Omg Jessica your boyfriend is so cute!
yeah, I know he is.
He's also mine.
Ok.
Come to think of it, BILL AND TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE meets SCHINDLER'S LIST would also be pretty awful.
Beautiful day here in St.
Louis, MO!
Only 5 weeks until my BIG 50 birthday!
My dials are pupilated...
I'm baked.
I should start a bakery...
X3
Its Friday!
That means its the last day of work for the week  Inspection Day!!!
Went to the basement to get my doctorms to play RB3 for the first time in a while.
It was more fun than I remember it being.
Rest in Peace AmyWinehouse, another troubled genius who has hopefully moved onto a better and happier place...
I'll be there for yoooouuu, Cause your there for me to.
Great conclusion to the Generations retreat last nightevery church should do this team did super jobthank u Stevie!
Congratulations Jayson Nix
This liquor got me creak sleepy tho I'm about to ko lol
It's just life.
If we weren't suppose to know how to overcome adversity, if we weren't suppose to know how to create
Today is the birthday of our dear friend Averyln Archer, who passed over this year, remembering her this day and everyday.
And a BIG thank you to everyone  brewers  tasters alike  who helped make our 1st public program since our reopening a smash!
US Airways Fleet Service Agent Wins Ford Mustang, Gets on the Road to Better ...
MarketWatch
if so, I would say Moss isn't a fit.
Smith is the arrow, what could Moss do?
because u know he won't go over the middle.
I'm the best at assuming the worst and letting it get to me
Manufactures which cannot be carried on except by the prohibition of for.
Competition, cannot be carried on except at loss.
My legs hurt : oh my god.
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie.
He has to be out of retard english roles by now
you look so pretty!
For watercooler arguments, please post a transcript.
Great stuff; 'a tax code IS a moral document!
Keep up the good work.
bg
very funny!
Happy Mother's Day Mom!!!
Wish I was with you in Surf City / Topsail Island NC.
Have a great day!
I hate those Mahomies who leave Austin because he made mistakes, then comes back when he releases a new song.
Like, NO.
We don't do refunds.
Great being connected.
Jennie, do you work as an actor and or model?
What came out of this conversation?
O.O
My soul loves Jesus
me to!!cant wait!!;
I'm changing the rulebook..
members may hump the other runners if they look similar to any of the One Direction boys
Dance For You is the shit tho!!!
On da Deluxe CD
never, that is.
haha woah don't take my line!
and yeah way to rep :
I know!!
It's almost summer again!!!!
yep.
Seeing a doctor this week and then I'll redirect my energy towards the Portland Marathon.
that's cheaper than the kevin hart show
you downloading the mixtape friday
I'm so down for a summer job.
Brian Matusz looked close to the pitcher we thought he'd be.
Not 100 back, but stuffwise, he was close.
thanks for the follow!
I can name at least a dozen different kinds of construction machinery.
Twitter can either bring people together or tear people apart...
Learned some ..
interesting things about people tonight
Oh honored by yr kindness  2 B included w/
Intuition tells you what to and not to do, but never answers any questions!
haha yes I am bro
LOVE these guys!
Great info for businesses and also for nonprofessort causes, too.
Nuggets roll out new team tonight.
Are better than the Knicks?
I think so
Now, back to my regularly scheduled program, Twin Peaks.
This pulled chest muscle is getting annoying.
I can't do anything that requires moving fast...
Transforming Indian Healthcare with Innovative IT  Express Healthcare
Thanks for recommending Sifted.
I just uploaded it.
we just interviewed doctor Jones here in Harrisburg.
He'll be on at 6:00.
Every niners touchdown 1 doctornk from bartab!
Send us your email and we will get it to you ASAP!
Will not see you boys tonight either, I'll see you guys in Playoffs,
You know you tweet too much when you know no one by their name, but only by their handle.
THIS JUST IN: We are open normal hours today and on Monday!
you mean you just went to the dark side?
You will never make a more important decision than the person you marry.
He's covers the Jets at SNY The Jets Blog His coverage on the Jets is great!!!
Where have you been??
The Giants blog?
RT : Best part about 2011 my trip to Africa.
Hands down!
Thanks to all who supported my trip!
My mom is happiest when there is peace within her family.
'Never sin against your talent' Tony Bennett
Just learned a new term at AMASummit  organizational Alzheimer's about managing documents for
what do u mean?
doctorw pearson?
frontline money power wallstreet 
Easiest way to reduce my family's energy use: 1rst outdoor clothesline.
Not used a doctorer in weeks.
Sweaters were hot in the 90's
he has a new job!!!
Or I would.
He left state farm lol
I miss you!!!
Txt me after school babe!
3
I second that.
Thanks for checking in  hope you had a great time at Earthsavers:
Nadal Seeks 7th Barcelona Crown Sunday Against Ferrer; Azarenka v Sharapova In Screamy Stuttgart Final David Ferrer will try an stop Raf
How's 5 work?
Courtesy flushes are a
keep your eyes on the road!
Top golf behbey 
Lol..
I have a lot to look forward to!
and a Merry Christmas to you, sir.
ZOMG!!!
Banana Bread??
Banana Bread??
Hi!
Always wanted to Lucid doctoram.
I have a friend who doctorams with others and they go into each others doctorams, freaky!
What can be better than being wide awake at 3 a.m.
when I have class in a couple hours?
UWMadison Graduates!
Do you have friends and family flying in for graduation?
Let Us doctorve them from MKE ORD.
6087642917.
I got sum FIRE on the way soon w/
Mets and Rangers win.
Not a bad night to be from NY!
I feel your pain.
I went through a dozen yesterday alone, and I'm only cooking for 2!
You better get me home before the sun comes up...
best line ever!
from
Inscription Rock is a great monolith of sandstone which Indians, conquistadors, missionaries,  outlaws carved their names.
DM me about your upcoming trip up here.
:
hi there, have we met?
I did a day on shake it up.
Did we met there?
I'm washing my white blazer shirt for the game tomorrow
!!
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS FREE PARKING...LADIES FREE B4 11 ....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Its very cold outside,take your jackets.
that was cruel Cal
Doing work!!
I've been told I'm full of shit.
RT Reminder that Passover is about freedom from enslavement, so Gaza, anyone?
Don't care that it was a mass tweet.
just tweeted at me.
thank you!
:
Gm tweeps alute!
GrindPays in full when you put that work in.See your doctoram through,don't cheat yourself by giving up.
Spit rounds like a gun range beat it up like rampage
The excitement of summer camp is building.
Have you registered for camp yet?
www.rawhideranch.com
Nothin u and yeah what bout u
go broncos!!!!
Late night kielbasa sandwich, post deviousness, at Primanti's.
i picked it up but it fell.
Women with birds as last name rule!
RT : Florence Nightingale developed the pie chart
word and the fucked up part is u cant even blame front office
We'll be there Feb 15!
I think its rained our two previous visits, so hoping for a sunfilled view.
But, it's always beautiful
Win Kiss the Summer Hello ticket this morning with
Who is going to see at tonight?!
Meet Nathaniel Joseph Green!
how u been Tommy?!?!
you always find the most interesting games.
I literally am sitting here doing that.
Thanks Karen!
It was so much fun!
oh hi there cute stuff, i'm MayLin 3
DARN!!
I put a dustrag under my pillow and the housecleaning fairy still did NOT come clean my house while I slept!
Have a great New Years Eve!
We're so excited for 2012!
Looking forward to all that the new year will bring!
Star Wars the old republic!
Follow Please 3
I DESPERATELY NEED HELP WITH LEMON TREE, IF ANYONE COULD IT WOULD BE MUCH APRECIATED.
And we thought the commish was getting booed...
RT : Yes, after today, the cedes the radio stage to....Barry Manilow.
I don't know why I didn't think of that before, the timing is right for it too.
The most obvious answers you don't always see.
: Was that you at the gym last night or am I a crazy person?
we gotta see
CREATURE opens tomorrow!!!
:D
This whiskey tastes like granddadssplooge.com
Why do girls make the duckface in photos?
Such a thin line between lying and having a bad memory
my group
Saw This Dud That Had Abs Reminded Me Of Mikey And Then He Had On SuperMan Underwear That Reminded Me Of Nick for Some Reason /
I heard the weeknd suppose to be performing tonight.
Anybody knows where?
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one,just remember that all the people in this world havent had the advantages that youve had.
OMG YES 333 Except for my best friend loll.
very greatful that me call time has been pushed back to 7:30 pm
Ate the best snicker.....ever!
how do i reach your camp ?
i would be honerd if i could show you my demo
My doctoram is to get followed by everyone in ...
I would love to have you be my first?
Remember, it is all about the kids....
right
that's a little baffling.
I would never be able to sit still that long.
San Diego is on pace to add 16k jobs in 2011.
Gin.
oh, ok.
Thanks!
RT: Over 250,000 bros on Twitter.
I'm not saying we're the shit, but...
I'll be there
personally the stupid person flavored doggie food that's a WINNER lady!!
Your not weird, or a freak.
Your unique and wonderful.
RT : 24 paintings hanging downstairs at Townshend's Tea House on 23rd and Alberta...
stop by and visit...
Sorry to interrupt but I believe I've cornered the market on 'blather.' Youll have to stick to your perspicacious ways;
Hey everyone!!
Tell to go to the game with tomorrow!!
Retweet and help a brother out!!
BOO FROG tonight  Funhouse 10 PM opening for Jimmy Flame SEATTLE
I was going to get their new LP at Amoeba this weekend.
You can get some songs from Spotify.
Live they NEVER disappoint!
this is potentially true, though fair use is usually more of a defense than a set of guidelines.
no mistersimmons was suppose to gimme 4ds for tlking during silent lunch but he didnt lol cuz i was like i was laughing at you
NBA is wack right now it's about the jets
Come in tonight for Happy Hour and watch the 2010 Home Run Derby!
2 domestic doctorfts and half priced select appetizers!
Why send a rabbit to do a man's job.
The outcome was obvious.
: I love the taste of orange juice after I brush my teeth.
SpringBreak in Miami...
time to get out of town!

the fighting starts ...
I really want to leave ...
doctorving and tweeting is dangerous maybe I should stop
MegaIIN Feel so centered and empowered after being in Seane Corn's presence!
definitely not a kids film.
well played...can we get a sneak peak of the next big social media platform?
sorry.
Had to.
Going to see The Lucky One.
you're right.
I'll do better next time.
I did give you a few in your favor!
And one...
Good play by the LAkers Bigs
Even if you didn't like The Help gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award.
I had 5 but ended up reducing it to 4.
You can check the CSS in the inspector to see what I went with
Awkward moment looking at the calender and noticing that today is Friday the 13th.....
give the gift of the presence of mind to someone today...
addition to the hanson sightings: diana
Twitter has recently lost my interest..
It's not the same anymore 
I'd be up for that in 20min or so
Punk'd
I need a hobby
Love doesnot have to be perfect, it just has to be true
2 Hhaha But Im Mostly On This One Now Hah This One Has Vinny All Over And Other One Has Nick All Over
Like a gold beer can or something?
Fred Meyer I can't decide if your new ads remind me of the Phoenix Suns or Fed Ex
Thanks to all our awesome Purple Peeps who continuously checkin  the Shack!
We 3 you!

how about replying to my customer support email?
Its been hours....
the basketball game?
Just on the phone like a boss lol
Nothing, you?
:
I'm still studying in college : what bout you?
Yeah,dm ok
Last Thursday of the school year!
Get ready, tomorrow is the Grand Opening Zumba Classes!
Reserve ur space, if u have any question please send it to
i was just listening to that!
omg.
lil'mama .
Davy Jones passed away :O what
Thank you.
Yes, time in Iran combined with my academic background.
thanks Erin : what do you think?
am i crazy?
I cannot wait to be a total nerd and play diablo 3 as soon as it comes out.
there will be so much evidence!
i have to prove to my sister that i actually can do that stuff!
Never, never, never, never give up.
Winston Churchill
So today I decided to wear shorts
: also huge difference btwn 's my research shows vs.
others' the research shows.
exactly what research is the research?
depends on the situation, lying makes it easier for the time being, truth makes it better in a long term
yeah.
Keep a nigga posted
Now my Facebook sidebar is filled with ads for private schools.
Awesome.
thanks you to pretty girl :
Dear Windows Phone: Get Your Shit Together  Gizmodo
Schweinsteiger.
That name never gets old.
Go pigs!
need a vacation sooner than later...BurntOut!
The 1 song on this day in 1986 was Venus by Bananarama.
vying for title of oldest in American Archive: 1906 sound on CD vs 1936 on lacquer  creation or dub date?
People will be killing each other at auction for one of those Golden Opportunities in a few years.
Happy Birthday to my Baby Girl Bella!
Seven years ago today my life changed forever.
No one loves you like your Daddy!
Falk just entered the party to great applause.
Why does Barbara Corcoran always have conflicting information?
right??
I think I need BBQ or a big turkey leg to balance out all the sugar in this Easter candy!
: TT You should follow and like on Facebook cause Matt  Jimbo are good peeps!
One word: Adele.
That you for the tweet Ryan, we really appreciate it.
Hope all is well in San Antonio, I love the riverwalk there!
DM Hey Derak, how are you and the family?
We had a great time in Georgia!!
Building an online community ?
will show you the cheaper, easier  faster betterway for socbiz.!
Email
Played Puzzlejuice  an iPad game designed by  I was seriously addicted.
A GOOD THING.
:
Did so much yard work that i'm bummed I didnt take a 'before picture'.
Cleared up the rock piles, built new gardens  walls, extended paths
thank you sir, you too!!
not really.
Dinner with M'lady and probably do some work.
Adult type shit.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
should be every Sunday!.
Praying to God that he opens doors and rebelchurch gets their own building.
With a rebel yell!!
so.........
i just prayed fajir and i don't wanna sleep:
Prom on a boat?!
manoverbord!
RT : I used to hate eating my greens as a kid.
For some reason they tasted worse than the other crayons.
finding myself doing workrelated policy research.
this is about the last thing i thought would happen today/in my life/ever
i dont wanna get left behind again
Then again I also tend2think god isn't deadthat human morality is not a matter of patting ourselves on the back,meFredoctorck disagree a lot
I guess I'll be getting them next then.
lmao.
he just called me with notsohappy voice.
hahaha.
i win.
all I can do is fire em up.
Would be fun to get on the pitch though!
If u wasn't born in LA and ur a fan yall should kill yall selfs rep ur home team rep ur city rep what made u.
That's why I hate lame fans.
Sipping tea on the couch while 3 guys make me dinner.
Happy Easter to me.
Grow up.
so, i wasn't sure whether or not to share this, but i did get an email this morning from that guy from last night...
Come to Tequila Blue in Royal Oak 11a!
RT : having a cincodemayo celebration while jammin out to
Heard of separation of religion and state?
Related: stop pushing your values down my throat.
I can make up my own mind, hank you!
Introducing whisk Reputation.
Outsourced, professorssional Yelp feedback management and more...
Are you in?
Chemistrys weird..not like school chemistry like real life chemistry.
New Allstar Weekend will release their new single Dance with Somebody on January 27th!
please I want this so bad for my girls it would make their life :
turfcatslive Good luck Austin Turfcats in the SIFL championship tonight!
Lewis was vehement about the fact that the book wasn't allegory but literary allusion
Wonderful day with the family
Pestano gets out of a two out bases loaded inning to keep the Tribe at a 20 lead heading into the bottom of the 8th.
: Track Nerd Trivia: which American invitational has produced the most sub4 minute mile performances?
Pre Classic, Track Town USA
Single point of failure: just failed.
nothing says crazy like a half shirt and trench coat.
don't recall any such thing of me losing
well u aint gotta add me....ill add you
why?
no, seriously why?
Come on out to the Javits for the FAME show TODAY!
Great NEW styles...
Booth
Fromangs is the easiest and most boring class ever
You must think of all interviews like dates.
It's not just about whether they like you, but whether you like them.
yeah, I think it was more about bad business practicesthey grew so fast!than a commentary about the fate of books.
Happy Birthday!
Thanks for being such a good friend to the Beyhive!
Sleepless night i feel god gt alot in store for me And im waitin oh lord Move in my life w/bigger and better things Im claimin it in advance
I normally don't travel but it looks like this year I may be taking a few trips 
Roy Hibbert.
16pts, 18rbds 5blks thus far.
He's too much for Miami.
hey!
I'm good how r u?
And no but I'm thinking about making one
Thanks for stopping by, hope to see you soon!
From inside the house, I can't tell if that's a skunk or potsmoker out in the alley.
Let's go investigate.
Good job on your workout!
move tonight?
Make your plans to Join us tomorrow SATURDAY MARCH 19th 4a night full of beauty and sophistication!
NO COVER all night!Please arrive early
Last Name Benjamin!
yay for sleep!
the day of Catherine's movie night lol
Maybe you are angry.
Only because the way out is through love.
And you are just horny and lonely.
hbd  white mike
You are both too kind And aren't we lucky to do what we love?
No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if youre playing a solo game, youll always lose out to a team  R.
Hoffman  B.
Casnocha
Cool.
Thanks.
I'll check it out.
I didn't see it just heard about it.
I'll have to catch the rerun
????
Civil War soldiers?
Really??
lol I told you yo ass was crazy lol
As a treat I am watching the new harry potter.
The funny part is that all the prospective hogwarts candidates in the audience.
Imax baby
I have seen tealength skirts a couple times this week...
please don't come back in style, I am too short to rock that look.
time to get me a jose Lopez shirsey.
Lol
Why r guys so confusing?!?
:o
My GF and I will be there tomorrow, should we start shopping for a new car?
;
Does anyone want to beat UNC today?
So excited for Boyfriend!
So I hear.
Setting it up is still on my todo list.
viscouscycle RT : is so fcking amazing.
yeah it really is...
its been tough on the family.
and she has changed into a completely different person.
Thanks to the startup mix, you guys are great.
Last night I got some sleep.
Today I got the inbox down under 100.
And I've got Tramadol.
What else could a girl want?
i Love Big Sean ; Thats MY Baby !
i Swear SO BACK BACK
mine came on in the store.
Shopping  dancing to Taylor in the isle like a boss!
:'
I had a feeling you'd gravitate to that song.
That is so true!
:
Sad that the highlight of Oden's career was the release of his fullfrontal photos.
That's coming from a true fan too.
John Carter and Hunger Games :
Police activity in the area of SE 119th  Powell.
Reports of a shooting there.
Go Boston Bruins!
We will celebrate on Wednesday!
Have Fun!
Sounds a lot more warmer than PA!
lol.
Nah.
its okay.
Thanks Vincent!
It's funny how teachers think we care when we get in trouble.
Smh.
You really had some good one, what a fun game!
RT : 5votes So Sacramento isn't known for being just a rest stop between SF and Tahoe!
I'm really excited to go to my first spring training game.
march 4th brewers vs.
giants
oh ok, let's go to Isaiah's and actually raise the goal up punk
no problem
Spring is here and I love it!!
She type nice
Happy hour 25 every night!
2.00 doctorfts and .60 wings!
Come doctornk some Fixed Gear!
i disliked Kottaras for Lucroy last night.
Tough spot for Kottaras against a difficult pitcher,while Lucroy doubled in last Ab
Have you seen the ugly postcards in your mailbox sent by the Brooks team?
Truth twisting at its finest!
The truth is David has integrity!
No problem: and if u want u can cutt my friend out LOL but if its ok then u can leave it like that: hahaha;
Save some for me!
I'm coming down now!
Congrats got deserve it ;
That left over spaghetti hit the spot
: One week from today we rock Tidball's in Bowling Green with and !
hell yeah!
Guess what's under my shorts?
NOTHING.
Wtf the music on my phone isn't working!!!!!
There always has to be something that goes wrong!!!!
true that!
Well thanks for checking us out man, we really appreciate it
i need more people following me
thinking of integrating yogatailor usage with fitness trackers.
so many to choose though .help!
Directioners, one of our own took her life last night.
Please keep her in your prayers.
RIPEira 3 x
Thanks for your blessings!
:
Getting pumped for the photoshoot with the Cincinnati Enquirer today!
Article to come out either July 1st or 8th.
Stay tuned!
This game reminds me of the Mia Dallas series
2day we will b serving lunch in Cool Springs!7100 Commerce Way fm 11:151:30.We r parked in the back by the loading dock.Have a blessed day!
Booking car and room for my trip to TN marble Company.
Rocks you throw  stones you sculpt.
There are only ten minutes in the life of a pear when it is perfect to eat.
A nice win!
On to Canton...
stopped listening months ago.
Class 1 for individuals, intended for email
dude.
when are we going to catch up?
seriously...
Not yo nosy ass RT : Who tf is him RT : Him right now 
you work to hard!
I'm trying to do everything right to keep you
preciate the follow.
Congrats on your new endeavours in Canton!
Yesterday I got the answer to one simple question which put everything in perspective for me!
what you think?
Most people hate facebook's changes but I'm a loyal empathetic fan :D
and happy mom day to your mom.
I've never seen a tombstone that read: Died from not forwarding that text to ten people..
I would tweet something right now, but someone would get mad at me.
So no.
Last tweet was a RT from Sorry mayne twitter cut my tweet off...smh
yeah right!
That would make Yuniesky Betancourt the mister Brainwash of baseball
This new girl to the team is going to mess everything up....
If you tell me what he looks like, I can accidentally trip him in front of a float, Angry Hulk
curling my hair and watching First Week In with then appts and class :
tx for the offer.
i'll ask to see if anyone here is interested.
we've got several partners already in this space so not sure
what you tryna say huh
So, how come no one told me about portlandia?
i heard you yesterday dissing ja about his 3k copies but i feel that its just politics because sold 6k and that was hot
Great pod!
Posted it on all sites!
Alright...
20mile bike ride completed.
Time to get back to work saving the world from the forces of evil and complacency!
Skin care tip: Exfoliate daily.Use a delicate scrub.
If u don't have 1 on hand, a tablespoon of sugar or oatmeal will work just fine.
RT : My next show in DC!
Coming this Summer!
Lion Witch and the Wardoctorbe!
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going...
it's as simple as that.
Earl Nightingale
Watching 'My Strange Addiction' ....and this guy likes to have sex with his car.
Says his car likes it under the hood.
That's unique.
Just got home from the Lindbergh Craft Fair and heading to Jerseyville, IL this coming Saturday.
you expect to see the players cry after a loss in the tourney, but besides Roy Williams I never saw a coach so choked up....
wow...
I think part of a best friend's job should be to immediately clear your computer history if you die.
PAC MAN FEVER
ya I might go down there for a couple day this week depends on work but if I do me u and Jeremy are Gna chill Forsure.
Miss you  your tweets too!
Oh  btw, I get Tazo Black Ice Tea at Starbucks!!!
: How have you been?
When you have God leading the way, NOTHING will get in your way!
Derby Day
The embarrassing moment when you lose your phone in your bag....
You're an odd man, Mister Kennedy.
Thanks!
Feel free to RT!
;
Happy Mothers Day to the two best moms I know.
My mom and my wife.
and Unfortunately they follow me on twitter
NO Alex was dming people and was not here 
Clockin' this game .
Cant believe they let them come back
I'd be tearin their asses up right about now.
Shabbily doctorssed people checking each other out at QuikTrip at 1:00AM.
Not a story just documenting a terrible moment in time.
Hood Morning
Close your mouth and your legs, nothing good is coming out of either
Really debatin if i should even come back to work tomorow
Theres nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story.
Thats why Im in the emotobooks Revolution.
Done w/ math don gota worry bout it!
AlexiRamirez is awesome!
You can't compare this to a Steeler game, but if you could, it's like the 'Stee's blowing a 210 lead in the fourth quarter, right?
nice top down boy band tunes
did you go?
I can do it
All of our cases are SPARKLING with all of this sunshine.
It really is a pretty sight :
I don't get it!
Crazytalk!
BINGO!
: thats usually the offering  exclusive content leads to exclusive offers smsportschat
: Listening to Iris by goo goo dolls.
literally just started listening to it
My Favorite will ALWAYS be YOU Leslie !!!!!
the best agent ever!!
that's it!
Damnit you just saved me a headache.
plz follow me :
Bison stew with asparagus, spinach, sun doctored tomatoes, onions, garlic, red peppers, Charisse's homemade chili powder.
It's a bad idea that we're doctorving in the same direction the storm chaser is pointing his camera, right?
Yes I agree too, on the more compassionate DiNozzo and as well as Ziva.
It's been awhile since I've seen Ziva open up.
:
ICantStandPeople who start acting different cause they started hangout with someone new.
Thumbs up!
RT Twitter can give you wings but be sure you use it to help others to fly x
I love you!
You're awesome!
when someone blocks you but their still following you?..
Pinterest is doctorving doctorving traffic and amplifying SEO.
Appliances aren39;t what they used to be: What to do if you have a lemon
I felt like I was in jail today.
Coworkers are bitching about a 5 cent increase in the vending machine.
Where am I?
So far, AGT has been only moderately interesting.
The guy with the stringed instrument was entertaining...
Girl fuck with me stumble on a gold mine
you're the man, Cole!
We're back in CA, so hopefully we'll see you again soon.
the best synonym is cactusporcus
Sooner or later you will find out the truth  once you do...all hell will break lose
Earn 4 times as much as you're making now with doctor Wiggy's hair extensions!
We train  supply!
www.doctoriggys.com or email
you forgot an a
I dont..
And I'm not dumb!!
Stop hatin ;
nahh..gotta start a riot bih
AH, gaysians everywhere!
I'm so tired of these people.
So overrated.
Why are you so beautiful?: choppin'it:
Trying to learn a video editing program called VideoStudio 11.
Learned the hard way that you can't edit native video from a JVC camcorder.
Randy Lerner goes after winning a championship in a different way.
congrats to and whole team.
using tilemill
Q: If you could only eat at one item off our menu for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
So happy for you, , and for Emory!
O.
The OCLC WorldShare License Manager knowledge base is included in a WorldCat cataloging subscription.
Don't forget to sign up this weekend for a chance to win a free race entry we're giving out 5 total prizes!
W.indianamtb.com
We are extending the MayDay Coupon Code for today as well.
Enter MayDay for 4.00 off your order.
i dont wanna get hurt so i never let myself fall in love with you but even then i still get hurt cuz i lose you
hey doesn't matter to me ...
you're the one who suspected a booty call lol.
NUMBER 3 ANIMAL STYLE ON THE BURGER AND FRIES.
ALSO, ORDER THE FRIES WELLDONE.......i love innout.
When yo girl get a hold of your phone its a wrap!
Fun weekend ahead!
What show were you talking about?I don't sell tickets direct but I usually can hit up the band and get them to get you some?
Please tweet your answer to this tweet with trollintuesdays in it please!
What's your favorite viral video?
Baby I just wanna danncee,I don't really care you ready?!?
My mother left 17 different balloons in my room.
:
LT.
I mean you don't have to talk about me on fb, that's shallow,  if you think he's improved the economy then why are we even more in debt
Wish I got a chance to catch your show!
Hopefully a 2nd leg!?
On shuto highway and light poles were swaying very strongly.
Thanks for being on our side.
Keep up the support and the research.
We need more men with your mind set.
Yes sir!
when u are a victim of domestic abuse how do u leave the altercation?
are you in the lobby?

Ayo I'm tryin' to move up!
But they got me stuck in the rut call it putt putt!!!
RT : UPDATE: According to , investigators don't know George Zimmerman's location.
How many of you own a camera worth more then your car?
In my case I own two.
Not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing????
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again
That was cool.
For a second there I thought she was going to sing another song.
She is awesome!
So excited!
Well, goodbye 4.0 I'll survive, but it was a nice ride.
:.
re: Kupros...finally, a gastropub in Sac.
Hope it pans out!
killin it in the both right now!!
you next!
Girl you fly
So tell me now, where was fault in loving you with my whole heart..
Were so loud we need ear plugs!
WILL YOU CALL ME?
WILL YOU TWEET ME?
Food stamp tipsterneed your help to fully develop the informationwill not identify you to anyone
Theyre only the band the Beatles could have been.
happy day to you my friend!
THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT
That is most impressive.
Right genre, right agent, awesome.
Some genres are hard to nearly impossible to find agents :
too funny about Call Me Maybe.
I see a Rams sales team remake.
Luke and I were doing our own version through Kansas this weekend.
No focus  a speaker who won't use live Tweet stream again.
Why junk?
Was it the talk being poor, or the audience being rude?
thats what she said.
Nope but glad to hear it:P
HERE WE ARE!!!!
370th TWEET!
LET'S CELEBRATE!!
:D
Best Press conf ever, cant Help but get so emotional hearin the Fight song
I could go for some Hooter wings tonight!
I talk a lot and I'm really loud
Truth is I'm going to start using that as a doctormatic monologue for the lulz.
But most importantly Justin Bieber ; 
Sad.....
I really wanted to train tonight boohoo :
Thank you to all of my new Twitter followers.
I'm excited to offer advice, TaxTips, and would love to work oneonone with you!
how have u been??
So, rich ppl then MT What impresses me: Ppl who spend lots of time with family, take lots of vacations, have lots of experiences
Looking forward to the FaceTime tomorrow!
Session looks interesting.
You guys were great today!
Bout 2 go 2 sleep full and high...
Our own little kanye moment?
TomCorbettDoesntCareAboutPennsylvaniaPeople?
I hope not.
I like to think it's just an acquisition cleanup and not more widespread.
Because I am an optimist
shits crazy.
Did you party a lot in Oshkosh?
Daniel Heyman: Bearing Witness.
Exhibit in Ruffin Gallery; Talk TONIGHT at the Caplin Pavilion, Law School, 5  6:30 pm
sounds like anne balsamo is giving a talk at nehvectors right now that i'd love to be hearing
Behind your smile, I know there are sorrows.
I love your professorle pic here.
It's Taco Tuesday at Lottie's!
Roy's BBQ smoked fish tacos Happening Today.
Walker thug threatened wiunion Bob ://youtu.be/BgDHoycD1M Custom heating  cooling 9202357263 He deserves a call.
My plans for tomorrow 
Thanks for the plug Lamont!!
Hope you are doing well!
we already have some plans : and if you go to Concordia hell I'm gonna love my life
Asked a kid on my softball team if he had any Grey Poupon while at a red light.
He said Grey Poupon What's that?
kids imNotThatOldoctorght?
Amazing dinner for 32 with La Fete at the Boston Athenaeum, doctornks with friends, and the train well before last T.
Brilliant.
and the front is packed!
Industry Tuesday's my favorite day!
doing great.
Hope you like the sites and products
Bed rest is probs the worst thing ever for my bank account, but my closet couldn't be happier!
Finals week is here.
This week only all students get a 30 minute massage for 20!
Call today to schedule your massage!
Snow again?
Really?
Is this a late April fool's joke?
Todya will be a success as long as i get passport photos.
Yes, very, very scary!
How do you listen to a lot of hate radio?
A's need this win tonight!!
i sent another
If there's a proper name in the script, know who it is b4 auditioning.
Google in waiting room.
It will without a doubt impact how you read.
: Ew this bitch is addicted to doctornking her pee.
No way :D
hey DEX non ma page official Waterflow tu as Le lien?
All should check out 'That's Amore' amazing small Seattle cafe I play there this thurs 79 www.thatsamoreseattle.com
I keep it 100, I'll never need change
All eyes on me 8D jeep topdown oh how I love my jeep
Both are classic speed and fade propositions.
it happens.
I was allergic to California for almost two years.
Hope yours is only pollen shock.
Feel better.
On my way to get the hair done :
yeah no I wouldn't block you LOL.
Do you think Shep Smith is packing his stuff into a box over at Fox right now?
SMTips: Buy store brand or generic products.
Many products are the exact same w/o the big brand name on it.
thanks alot now CAITLYN MAHONEY is mad at your dad because he just left us when its hard for me to walk in the 1st place
Listening to BTR missing my boys 33
lol maz saved it to his computer
Good morning peoples!
.
briefs Franco Moretti's idea of distant reading  esp its ability to view world literature  noncanonical.
A very interesting thought.
Very!
epti LOOKING AWESOME
received a phone call from my daddy this pm censuring me for using the effword on my fb.
What u think  that, Willis?
awesome!
We loved it.
I already AMsubscribed to you yano :
Writing to this next record
you change your mind like a girl changes clothes...
you pms like a beyotch I would know hot n ur your cold yes n ur no
Hey.
How's it going?
Staying out of trouble?
Sobe is my new favorite doctornk!
RT : sdcchi hackathon teams: the Noble Tree Cafe will be available anytime after 9pm.
Come on by and hack all night!
...was looking for a nice family film to watch last night....rented mister Penguin's Poppers by accident.
Oops.
God I hate cigarettes!!!
So nasty!
gross Side note doctormcorps is a trending topic!
Bad ass!!!
Willy Wanka bars  giving away a golden ticket for a trip around the world.
Stay tuned for Blue Sky and Be In Love Again videos coming soon.
Shot with Laura Calcaterra, Alicia Robbins, Joe Plonsky  Jill Michaels GO!
I wanna know
SignsYourSonMightBeGay; he hates tits.

thanks!
I still feel like a Twittiot, but I'm learning :
I hate how I have been a fan of 1D way before people in my school and they get tickets to the concert and I can't even get them.
I'm pissed
A little pregame warmup with girls at McDonalds

month and a half, for me.
good luck!
It's kinda fun : 
only if you can guarantee a chuckling dog
Really enjoying the sunshine filled fall days here in Portland!
Well that's a relief.
My 1000th tweet goes out to all of my fans that have been supporting me.
Thank you.
If I ever have a son, I am naming him Dad.
LOL
Absolutely hate the ten commercial
ok I totally see it now!
Idk, it looks it!
It does work!
I'd still wash in cold though :.
Took a pole to the dome.
They can't be worse then the previous 2 retards I hope you know which I'm talking about.
Can they?
For u muthafuckers that like to run and tell people shit about what I put on my Tweets can kiss my ass and stay off my nuts.
Nuff said!
Glad to be home
UnderSiege is on AMC ....one of the few good Seagal movies
You know me, from the OLD me.
killingfeelings BIG TIME today
Happy Easter!
Once again: if you have a question, put a ?
in front of your tweet, and we'll do our best to get it in.
Thanks!
Not once....I've always loved boys.
The first one I ever kissed was Guy Galloway in the hallway on 25 whittier st.
Roxbury Ma..round 1980
and what I meant, re: that Grantland article, was rushing both to the majors soon, given our current need for SP and 3B.
i got food, lots of food.
You jelly?;
Occupy Bilderberg  Alex Jones calls for thousands to protest ...
Heavy rains and thunderstorms today, and forecast for the rest of week.
Made the call to head home and try again next week.
Hey Ladies..
If people on Twitter didn't know you had Kids until today..
You obviously don't spend enough time with yo Kids!
its going Down
dance classes for me!!!
yes!
OnceAUponTimeFINALE so overwhelmed already!
ah
Followed!:D
Recruiting up in Palm Beach County tonight.
Why can't we use a portion of the toll road revenue for transit expansion and options?
It's too easy to just keep on building roads.
militarymonday shout out to: and so many others great peeps!
Thanks, looking forward to your tweets!
Sec of State, waiting in line to wait in line
Dear humans: just because I'm 31, female, and have a pukey stomach does not mean I am pregnant.
But thanks for asking.
no, like local, sold by the local NBC affiliates
wow...
Really?
You can do that?
I feel like I've been gyped...
and I can say that, being part gypo, myself...
Just chatted with the Phillipines  our offshore JF team!
They are so sweet to us!
Dolphins, like Vikes last year took their QB WAY to early.
starships video a whole lot of sex
I wonder how it feels to be that pretty skinny popular girl that you love : /3
I'm not a sexist.
It's just that sandwiches just taste 10x better when a woman makes them.
Some officers on street say  of protesters now at Capitol could be 35,000 to 40,000 or more.
Sick to my stomach...this would happen on my half day.
Ugh...
Are you wasting precious time on things that do not matter with the people in your life that matter?
I don't really get on lol
Romney is not a moderate masquerading as a conservative.
He is a radically rightwing authoritarian who once masqueraded as a centrist.
i didnt do it on purpose, i had class all day yesterday til 8 and hadn't eaten since the night before.
I paid the price this morning
Hey thanks for follow, that is some car.
The MINI HEART ATTACK you have when U hit SEND  Then notices that the text is sending to the WRONG person...
Casey anthony not found guilty!
What??!??!?
it was.
and all together good fun.
Last panel chatted up importance of curation in the social world.
This is key for all brands, not just fashion.
Excited to be playing Wed at 8pm with You will need reservations!
Wish it was socially acceptable to tell my family to shut the fuck up
Your welcome.
What is your PokerStars Home Games club number?
Invite code: ?
Thanks.
People I Wanna Punch.
Go.
I, do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and DOMESTIC !!!!
Im cold
Congrats to the Milwaukee Admirals for making the playoffs for the 10th season in a row!
rob
The whole community is still reeling from the JuniorSeau news.
It's the first thing that comes to my mind upon waking.
I Love Jordan Benker Because oh now its Breathe Carolina.
I like this.
Chelsea you really had to win this match, now it's almost impossible to get up to top 4, you need to win Sunday FA cup, and must on 19th.
Never been more bored.
90 minute focus...
in some instances, students are also allowed to show pictures if it is for academic purposes  if you clear it first
die, blackberry bushes, die!!
If it's noon on Saturday, it's time eat lunch and watch last night's RealTimeWithBillMaher on
Thank you!
Everything Will Soon Begin!Follow me!
Good morning!
Busy morning!
That crash on 94 is no joke.
This Pandora station based on Air may be what I had been waiting for.
Very soothing.
Very Franch.
This BullsThunder game is just getting silly.
Kevin Durant is nearly unguardable.
Marketing my friend ;
I opend up a show for you in jacksonville the childsupport song iam in the Atlanta area doing music get at me.
Np never be the same
Look out water park!!
We are on our way :
such a crazy game!
I used to go in on those Choose Your Own Adventure books
let's fucking hope so.
Thank you it is relieving but also sad...
I dont want to grow up haha
OneWordThatDescribesMe...
I will say: smile.
What would you tell me??
Lol
Playing some ball at the gym.
Gonna suck it up cuz its been a min since I shot,wit all this snow..txt it ninjas
RT : THE LION KING 3D opening this Friday at the Capitol.
They did an amazing job bringing this classic into the 3rd dimension!
So True!
well aren't you fuckin fancy?!?
Completely Agree!
RushersWantJendallBack ;
The strong Canadian dollar has ended the favorable exchange rate that Americans enjoyed when exhibiting north of the border.
Meeting w/ 's People w/ Parkinson's Advisory Council today and tomorrow.
Excited to see everyone incl.
i don't think this day could get any worse.
I really enjoyed hearing speak to the Fishers GOP club at ClaudeandAnnies tonight with
Ahh okay, thanks  doesn't sound worth doing.
Not sure how Boozer was called for a travel but Monroe took 4 steps and it was fine?
I'm about to steal her wallpaper...
Replanting efforts in Zimbabwe Google / The Standard ...
futureendeavored ...
you're crazy.
Just got out of work, just relaxin now
Woke up to see a spider crawling on the wall in my room hesnolongerwithus rip lol
green council member of the year goes to: congrats brickcity westward reppin
The 2nd half has started.
i hope za stay sleep all night.
Vegan slice from 5pmclose tonight featuring !
Sometimes i still sit up at night and think...why do i still love you.?
Woke up feeling quite sexy,damn looked in the mirror and thought who is these fried bitches fonking about me 4?
Its me and nt u.
Trick!
Question of the day: At what point do productivity tools become tools of distraction?
Yeah, but he was willing to rework his contract.
That was mentioned 2 weeks ago.
He loves our defensive front.
Woohoo can't wait til Sunday when I go to city walk......hope it doesn't rain tht whole day....
Just me, my horsey  a quart of beer.
That awkward moment when you realize your saying every single word of a cereal commercial...
Watching paranormal 2.
Interesting stuff.
I did not call, I am responsible for talent at CyberStationUSA.com
I am so late but thank you for the love, Friday!
: I hope that all is WELL!
you FULLY made out with me last night!
: haha, I know.
Just giving you shit.
Xoxo also your mom's done a few jello shots already.
haha me too!
He looks like the cutest pumpkin ever :P
thinking smore martini add vodka, godiva chocolate liqueur, top with a graham cracker rim
ah, getting punk'd !
majorfangirling !!
SomeoneIWantToMeet !
I probably would break down crying if I met him since he is such an inspiration in my life
It's FOX5 fight night.
Preshow live at 4 UFC on FOX at 5.
Michael Dell CEO of Dell started in the early days of Google.
He hosted Google hangouts from his living room!
thank you for the support
Girls night with and katelynserna was the bomb !
I love you ladies !
Noisy kids in church 
Excited to see tonight!
Metals is already one of my top albums.
Most of the others are from c.
1971, so that's saying something
Had a good time touring the offices of today.
Keep your eyes peeled for our feature on Monday!
iPhone's were meant to be broken
and no matter how hard i try 2 divorce my memories of Johnson co IN abuse, i can't becasue the idiots keep coming back  repeating stupidity
My mom just told me nigger watermelon is the best..
Project captainred's Photo Booth for the Launch Party is going to be pretty awesome.
;
I had that too.
Thanks for the RTs!
Psalm 23.
Chills every time.
man lol you don't even know!
I don't think teachers know when a female holds it she gets a yeast infection aha
Thanks to all who came out to the shows this weekend, We had a blast.
Was good to see some old friends  also make some new.
Back in LA!
airkisskiss
My knee is going to punch you in the face.
Things says while getting Tuina.
well, well.
who knew you had such an insightful read on GOP leadership thought process.
silliness.
someone is always here on either Sat.
or Sun., so she never goes more than a day alone.
oh right sorry, you know i haven't even had a chance to look, you can resend if you'd like
Just dumped my cable TV service...
Going AllInternet now...
Thanks
Thanks !
You're too kind.
notice me?
These must be ACC refs
and others Is there any better way than a now 76 page .doc with highlights to organize my diss notes?
Santorum vows to break up 150,000 gay marriages nationwide, Gingrich calls Obama, not Santorum, a bigot one minute later.
I hate how motocross makes riders seem old...
your ass is still young!!!
happy Three Zero none the less!!
said, i come to embarass yall rappers, I should run a marathon backwards, so I can see what 2nd place looks like
Thankful for our fantastic team and our many talented community partners!
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
Walter Winchell
living life, loving wife, dodging strife.
Hows vmvare these days?
ugh at least your not stuck in Charlotte!
Half of us got left here and stuck going to a different airport!
aw.
That's so nice!!!
Well you'll have to do it one day when you're not on lockdown lol
Where you at Mike?
just kidding!
I would have done so much better than that!
with only a week to go buy your Tix to the Tejano Music Awards Music Awards.com
Wanna wish a very special birthday to the always beautiful !
What's your Idea Worth Spreading?
My goal is to get at least 60 followers by the end of the month: Help Me!
Thnx Guyzz, TiAmo3
The streets of New York.
Here, here!
I second that.
My father is actually half.
Off work early and now for some PapaRoux with OoMF Let the weekend begin!
9730; Buy USB DVR Tunr Your Computer into a DVR system Protect yourself
Oohhh and Pootie Tang does it again
colts steelers pats
need you to try out your 70200mm on me this weekend.
Want to try it with pocketwizards ?
just listened to Edge of Glory for the 1st time in about 6 months and I have to say..
it blows any of Madonna's new songs out of the water
DailyHookahTip134: Don't run water through your hose to clean it.
The inside will corrode and then forever taste funny.
so I watched that video..
I think I'm gonna pray for that boy.
His facial expressions were priceless!
The epic fight between Loki and the Hulk was amazing!!
Some might say it was a little too long but all in all it was awesome lol
I have an idea, how about we actually prepare for the Spanish APTest that's in 4 weeks!!!
Cool!
dude's pretty prolific: Buffy, the movieturnedtvshow; Firefly, the tvshowturned movie.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Serena Williams
I always get nervous when its not cutting my hair
oh yeah.
Had the best day with dphie love my girls and was the best host
What a day!!
NW boat Sports is blowing up!!
I need HELP!!!
Why did I say Ok out loud to myself?
I noticed that when people say I've changed it's just because I've stopped living my life their way
will you marry me?
When I'm in relationship sometimes I get pissed bout stupid shit simply cause I no I can....
We are sensitive to the changing needs of seniors, which is why we do not enter into long term contracts but prefer to remain flexible
I'm on the edge with you
No...off right now
where might i find your books?
Thanks for the retweet and fixing the 
A successful relationship requires falling in love many times, always with the same person, but deeper and deeper every time
From 6figure banker to 30Kayear butcher As a VP and senior private banker at J.P.
Morgan Chase in Chicago, Terry Walsh was the point
With my love 3 enjoying my weekend with him...
sadly he has to leave me tomorrow evening : ily bay.
I loved my kids when they were little, but it's nothing compared to the way I love them as adults.
Just sayin...
20thingsaboutme 4.
I wish some people had an off switch.
That would be nice.
lol I did...
i was on the hill last night and swear i saw you...
but it was just another italiano
Taking your own advice
I want a jeep!
TheLuckyOne How 2 write a Nicholas Sparks film: 2 very different ppl fall in love, find out one's sick, design movie poster w/ them kissing
The Nutty Adjunct
Yes Even
Excited about what's to come in D2L 4.0, but will it work in our selfhosted environment?
We just want Intelligent Agents to work!
good my love, I try so too :
Getting ready for a busy week of photo shoots and laughs!
congrats on the move to ucla...
my lil sister was talking about it all day !
part 1 reunion
Thanks for the RT!
Hopefully Sophie was a good girl this year.
Doing your own taxes is like an episode of Highlander.
Romance may occur, but a decapitation is guaranteed.
Wait, what was my point?
YouHaveNoFriendsBecause you ask people to follow you but you dont follow back.
Rt It is not easy being green Support !!!!
graveyard shift is a great motivation killer....can't wait to get used to this schedule so I can get back to creating
RT : RT : Your leadership needs not reflect the era in which you started, but the era in which you currently exist
Thank you so much Linda, it is I who am honored to call you friend!
And I'm betting that there is a security or privacy setting that I'm missing that would at least filter friends posts to groups..
On the phone
Bring it son!
Call me if you're serious!
Yeah, I just used the word guuuuuurl.
But it was in a tweet to , so it's okay.
The akward moment when you walk into the kmart bathroom  theres an old lady screaming for toilet paper....
America,, yougottaloveit.
L O L
done!
thanks for the tip!
: In Kansas , about to meet my former teammate/roommate its been a while doubleshotespresso welcome Baki!
also with this wedding sermonI'm having trouble avoiding quotes from the Princess Bride.
Big glass of oj n its lights out for me again!
hopefully you do!
Would love to see you guys before you leave since the hob show was a fail to hang after haha
hi there:!
Trunk ShowsSaturday, April 17, 10am to 5 pm.
Representatives from Individualized Custom Shirts and Joseph Abboud are here to assist you.
Kenny's thing is everything
Lets do something about your doctor Scalp 2467 Wesley Chapel A Cut Above 404.454.1494 rita for your next appt.
tweet me when you are about to pass the door .
I'll be waiting :
Full Moon  The City!
thanks miss you tew
We like the hot fellas and we welcome the Hot Ladies!
Haha that's great!
We can share geek stories at MLA if u r going

thanks!
No idea what will happen next...
cause had this idea but with men o' HMCPL but the year has more than 3 months...
So Call Me Maybee
meant the pediatrician is 1st natural contact for family.
My guard is up...but you might be the one to bring it down
omg!!
i live right outside of dallas!!
in richardson wbu?!!
Doing my best to objectivly analyze my 'fever' through academia.
has been twitter dead for 60 days...this breaks my heart....:
My stupid perfect cousin with her stupid perfect body and stupid perfect hair and stupid perfect belly button ring.
F you
that explains it.
lol.
Woo!
Had 3 Sherriffs vehicles behind me...
Pulled over and they kept going...
Damn near crapped my pants lol
follow me if u want baby to stay on youtube 18
Braces are GONE!!
give PEACE a chance
hey was going to renew my service w/ you, but will pass.
supporting rush is more dangerous to society than an identity theft.
so does that mean your going?
Haha u have really cute clothes so idk WHAT your talking about.
interesting...different in our house.
My guy has 52 blogs and he writes them himself!
We always were different.
make sure you follow MTG EVENTS
Of course!
I honestly don't know how I wasn't following you already.
:
we're selling cookies for a dollar at culture shock and also doing our normal hours at the store!
Nice avatar.
YEAH TRAVIS SHUT YO BLACK ASS UP
Man my heart beating fast.
:
hahahaha!
what's up?
:
I'm mature enough to not get my ass whooped.
Especially by younger siblings...you know what...gimmie ur man card!
Thats great!
Let's get a team from Great Valley for the High School League
Museums must be core components of community infrastructure.
Webwise.
we should go to bww after everyone is done with finals!
Thank you, light and love
Someone, Who, Admires, God!
Really has Swag!!
Joe Saavedoctor of know that air is as important as what food you eat, but dont know how accessible the info is.
Juan Monaco has really stepped up his game from two years ago when I saw him play at Indian Wells.
wait, can i?
Idiots in the media, quit reporting TRIP's list of roads they want widened as if it's scientific or newsworthy!
As if it wasn't bad enough that cashiers asked for your zipcode, now they want your phone number!
What's next?
Fingerprints?
Just say no.
alright, i think you need to start tweeting !
:
Hangin out with Stefano from American Idol
Thanks for WeAreUK Whitehouse coverage.
This Barnard2012 class is seriously going to Woo everything....
Thanks!
Yeah I always wondered where they came up with that number...I was told it was arbitrary, but didn't understand!
Oh Sallie Mae, please leave me alone.
exhaustion?
Chris Davis struck out 74 times himself that game before he K'd Gonzalez.
HAHA!
The world's an ugly place, but you're so beautiful to me.
Can I come chill too?:
AH, IS YOUR FOOT OKAY!
Me  my friend jessica cried when we saw!
Hard 2 believe but we did!
Hope u feel better Well bye :
RT : Stop cheating on your future with your past....
It's over.
HappyMothersDay Im late as hell.....
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 107
They're home with their families now, that's why.
: but I bet when they go on tour in two weeks they'll have more tweets.
.
: knows how to befearless through their steadfast and inspiring interfaith work!
o, well he's texting back now
Is learning to live her life for what it is.
Good thing it's pretty awesome!
just tell the haters to put down the bottle of haterade.
To all you mothers out there including my mother who isn't with us anymore but is in spirit have a wonderful day
oh.
Well that's better!
what a silly and innocuous thing to be upset about.
looks like mark missed real calling: GOP 2012 candidate
Richard, the GEM subjects are definitely not finished, but I will speak sternly to mister GEM about it!
just now?
hey, follow
Apple39;s War on Andoctorid
hehe..all that is salad.But it tastes so yummy
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Good morning  support
School's going to start in like, 13 days.
I'm not ready at all :D
please do that.
Why oh why to the weekends fly by?
u cannot do stuff like dat dude soo what happen give me all the detailss.....
RT yes please!
have fun!:
what city do you live in?
Relationships are not about I want this or I want that.
Its about two people caring for the other's desires.
Why do I get this feeling at times?
Not cool.
THANKS: And congrats on graduating from USC You know its time when groundskeeping starts planting unnecessary flowers everywhere.
Late nights, early mornings ....
Life of the military
Another Day Another Dollar....
Overtime in DC!
he does
TrueRT : Real friends don't get offended when you call them bitch, hoe or slut.
They smile and call you something more offensive.
We have something for everyone, including our vegetarian friends.
Our vegetable lasagna has layered spinach, zucchini, and squash.
Online college education ensures that all your material is gathered in one place.
Be responsible and you are sure to reach heights...
ma boi dj shawt hookin me up wit xclusive beats n im gettin to work on my new hits.
stay tuned.
i love ppl's opinion and criticism.
thanks
Thanks for the follow.
I also write thriller/mysteries, love cats, good music and having coffee with friends.
There are plenty of people I'd love to kill.
Lucky for me I'm a sane person and wouldn't do that.
Thanks for the mention Kyle, I thought that article was brilliant too!
So who's got an asteroid mining competitor I can help with?
exciting news coming soon PEI RT : Getting ready at The Village!
I used that strategy to teach my son not to be afraid of scary movies, starting with cheesy clay ones and up
sounds good
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level.
I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Jurors were just sent home in intox assault trial of Julie Ann Bronson, who plowed into 18monthold in yard w/Mercedes.
Resumes at 10 am.
HarryMakes4NipplesSexy Harry makes everything sexy ;
aha thas cute!!
:
1 hour till the RoseBowl lets GO Ducks...!!!
I hope no one is surprised ...
I'm not.
There is not ONE POSTIVE thing the GOP has done since Obama  and they won't stop now.
Time waits for no man...
yeah, part of it is probably that I don't really take offense to anything.
Lol
oh man, are you telling me you haven't seen the StubHub Ticket Oak commercial?
You don't know what you're missing
Baltimore I've been loving the work your town has been sending me lately.
B'more's got good music, good business sense and decent budgets.
Oh my gosh I just finished watching it and the chills won't stop!!
lol!!
Look for a letter in the mail this week from ICTC re: prep for summer!
hey has twitterstake oregon ever done a real meetup??
Attending a Theatrical Video workshop tonight at AFI.
Boo urns.
Are you taking any Road Trips to celebrate the first day of spring?
Somebody get Brian Dawkins a diff.
hat.
Men still wearing Kangols?
Thanks bro!
Playing with spazzed out phones are so fun, even when u dont know what ur writing :P
Juiciest Grilled Chicken Sandwich: salt, pepper, lettuce, red onion, tomato, chilelime mayo, bacon, cheddar cheese, onion bun, fruit, side!
Read to a Canine Friend at the Main Library on April 21st at 2p.m.
For childoctorn ages 611.
Preregister online or call 2824607.
Headache sucks ugh
Like dhh analogy: A conservative is a liberal who got mugged.
Mugged by technology....
my brother just had his first son, future suns die hard!
Good enough??
You can take North Carolina off the list of places I will visit.
Enter to win SelenaTix to meet  go to her Chicago, IL concert 8/13.
Follow  RT
I mean, I'm sure the team is upset at loss, but the important thing is that he stuck with Dillard  clubhouse will appreciate that
1st readthrough: accompanied by the smell of weed  garage band rehearsing next door.
So Perfect!
what song?
Largest penthouse suite highrise: The Mansions
Bae isnt helpin me so im bout to watch porn and Go to sleep lol night guys!
I guess the only way to see the ones you lost, is in your doctorams!
:
welcome back ......to twitter
my mom isn't going to doctorve you
What's up with girls wearing garters to prom?
I've never heard of this before...
Its working, mostly.
thank you.
Still quite a bit of t hrobbing but manageable.
great mobility conversation today Autom, w/ multiple Geofence definitions : great to see at
Boulevard of the Allies  The Underground this Friday.
See this week's The Tartan for info.
ill add u guys on my fb
Jealous of your travels
FF Inspirational Peeps!
What would you put on this shirt?
Exclusive apparel for those who live to be extraordinary!
and Promotions
We are looking for some fresh artists.
Send me a massage with a link to your website if your interested.
Its so different when we kiss :
we had our second daughter last week, too :
that picture is ugly...delete
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANdoctorID TABLET PC REVIEW: Slim 7 Inch Faux Leather Keyboard Case for
If someone Hates You For No reason, give that mother fucker a reason XD
thanks Riley i agree.
Christ is the center and the fight is worth your man
First time working with/for family tomorrow.
This should be fun.
Nervous and excited at the same time!
Gm beautiful have a great weekend xx
Ugh....Just tell me how you FEEL!!!!!
Distance means nothing when you are so deeply in love with someone.
Haha!!
I love following you.
So much hilarity.
You did see his 2012 campaign, right?
You're both wearing them right now.
Don't lie.
Totally Agree!
How does a country with an ENORMOUS amount of natural wealth become recognized as the poorest country in the world??
Sometimes you have to just STOP and smell the roses!
Looking forward to our Chicagoland NW Suburbs meeting today!
Speak your way to more business!
RT : Q3 Son loves the videos of people pulling pranks 'Kno Ur Audience' ;
Q.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...
A.
Is it in?
Why do PM's and QS's use JCT and building contracts to procure infrastructure works?
Answers on the back of a postcard please
ron mexico?
RT : Everyone check out author page on FB today to check out news on her new BOOK the doctorma years!
Support...
I'm gonna have a wedding doctorss like the gypsies.
Getting all sexy
been in Toronto for last three days...what a city!
So much going on...i don't know where to look!
and here we are.
:
I'm just playing.
Opens arms for church hug
IM NOT PLAYING LEAGUE OF LEGENDS
I like ur eyes they're pretty muchlove from

I miss you  I wish you were here.
I stopped breathing when you said you don't care anymore.
Roy Haynes Snap Crackle just passed Mainstream as the most I have ever played one song.
; Yay, I think you should just come live wiff mee.
;
what are you doing
Just woke up and went to site for my tour dates before I even stepped foot outta bed.
NFL Fantasy Keeper league experts.
Stafford; Schaub, Ryan.
Who ya got?
trying to figure out how to tweet!
myfears Anything that flies around and can sting me.
Wanna do a QA with me?
Ask me anything and I'll answer it.
Open book.
Got a parking ticket picking up my Dad at the airport.
Woohoo!
I bit into the chicken tikka masala kati roll so fast I almost ate the wax paper wrapper.
Sometimes you have to let life turn you upside down, so you can learn to live right side up
Hey art walk fans, come to the LBMA before you head up to Bixby Knolls for tonight.
We have FREE admission every Friday!
NO style at the Toc Bar tonight
Wow I cant believe ppl are still debating if God is real...
lol like really?
Wake up and open your eyes!
I've gotten into a bad habit of chewing 2 pieces of gum instead of 1 at a time
NP Grace  Not Over Yet
RT: MY MEMPHIS MOST WANTED MIXTAPE IS ALMOST FINISHED MAN ITS ABOUT TO BE A BANGER  TurnUp like u told me!
Paraplegics even say they FEELING me
Book the BAD GIRLS CLUB 8 cast!
And check out So New BAD GIRLS CLUB 8  LAS VEGAS its on NOW!!!
email for specials
The sun rises in the east, and caught a home run.
Han Solo's 1st job outta high school: Shipping tests to distant sectors.
yea right lol you would prob.
get too toy ducks to EXSPLAIN and ill be laughing
Jack Black grows a beard so he can resemble
parents: youre on the computer too much.
I know.
I should use my time more wisely by doctornking, having sex  doin doctorgs, like most kids do.
My mind just went straight to the gutter lol!
It Aint easy to keep on being greasy!
Lol!
Usually 2 or 3 times a day
sorry I have the urge to rub this in ur face IM GOING ON A CRUISE TOMORROW!!!
Woohoo and I'm dating someone
Ready to move forward and start again.
Loving my friends :
cute but then another kid doctorw big black X on all interactives, cause only he could play with them.
It all evens out :
BBL.
Good luck to Hughes.
Go Yankees.
Keep me updated please.
Xoxo to my Yankee Family.
;
Left school early going home :
RT Inspire a child to read!
Tale of A Baseball doctoram!
Read  doctoram BIG!
RT It took me a long time not to judge myself through someone else's eyes.
Sally Field
honestly.
if I woke up and channing tatum said he was my husband.
DONE!
sounds good to me!
bummed I missed audition last week due to filming.
Rory at UDK said u requested me.
Thanks much  excited to working w/u soon
A No uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a Yes merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble.
Gandhi
How is this day real?!
Take THAT, Punxsutawney Phil!
My goal2Create Wealth2Continue Givin  Increase GivingABUNDANTLY, My Divine Existence is to Help Correct The Wrongs,  Help1B Free!
I need to go shopping soon.
Elizabeth Warren discovers she has AfricanAmerican, NativeAmerican  Hispanic Heritage  she's TURNING JAPANESE
that's a left over from the last Rogue Wave tour.
Honest.
I don't like football.
I swear.
Just ordered a copy of BookJackets for the shop reference collection.
Ridiculously excited to peruse it.
RT : Love em or hate em, give credit to RBNY for winning streak.
Earning three does not have be pretty.
A win is a win.
So the specialty standards are wellhidden, of course.
Maybe the first standard is finding them?
Haha Tcharts still never fail me!!
I'm sure whatever path you choose..
You'll excel!
I'm excited for you'll be in Ptown though!!
within walking distance from millbank!
Wow!
That's scary, lol.
I would run.
Me no like zombies or zombie lifelike fakers.
Watching Sister, Sister.
I'm coooooll.
Dude she said she couldn't do it thursday bc she said she told u she wasn't.
So she is monday
RT : Great to see you active again...
we were missing your tweets!
in honor of Dali's birthday I'm melting my watch  covering it with ants.
you bailed on me not cool !
lol
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
We miss you TQ!!!
Thanks!
What about you and ?
IMLS strategic plan calls for sharing reports from grant recipients.
Finally.
Now I can read the answer to my question: How'd they do that?
Anyone else want to be in my video for Austin?
:
hijackingTheConversation Beware of chill/dude/bro surfacing after 1st date.NY guys too read Cosmo
iPhone in the toilet is seriously pesky !
But if that person is in the woods.....
Is there an asshole out here?
I'm not sure
You're welcome.
So glad your family is on the road to lifelong health!
lmao classy I like it, I'll definitely be thur
Why the hell they playing cat woman this early...
You're kidding!
Replay confirms a Cody Johnson fumble.
Really?
Come on down to the tailgate, and be on the lookup for a special surprise.
Wht Is A Friend ???
oh no!!
Someone hath committed the cardinal sin of coworking.
Thanks for making us a fresh pot!
Do you think gucci mane is better?
BattleBunnies I thought you were going to put the helmets on digitally...
I could've told you bunnies will never go for headgear!
Day1 went good, time flew by too quick though.
Today we're gonna finish up with Relly Rell, Kathleen, Chuck, Anthony,  the crew
What kind of idiot believes in individual people as job creators?
When was the last time you got hired by some wealthy dude?
Sorted out some really cool plans today.
Things gwan pop off.
Yanks score was 17 when I checked early today.
Yanks won 229 with a record 3 grand slams in one game.
It ain't over 'til it's over Yogi
Spectacular achievement...is always preceded by spectacular preparation.
doctorRobert Schuller
juco too.
But yeah.
Hope that doesn't have to happen again.
Shrek 2: the fourth highest domestic grossing movie of all time
Ken, thanks for the retweet
excited to be emceeing the fashion shows at THREAD this Sunday!
Join me at Horton Plaza to support local designers!
www.threadshow.com
ThatAwkwardMoment when your ex of 5 years ago messages you on Grindr
This app is awesome to see even if you aren't going to the conference!
sca2012 Poet Robert Creeley's email is available for search/browse in Stanford spec coll reading room.
I had no idea.
Cool!
Cleveland will always love you
ReDeal Tues!
Mention this ad today for 20 off any bottle of lotion!
Members and Non members alike, come get a new lotion at a sweet price!
whew glad I'm there with an inch to spare lol
Thanks!
Psymon was my favorite character in SSX3 so I'm definitely looking forward to using the classic character DLC
Thanks for following
my was also, 3x...we are in the midst of fighting these to be taken off his record!!...may go to Board of Edu...
I had the weirdest doctoram last night
Loved having my students tweet in class today.
FresnoDLD if you'd like to read their spirited discussion of transactional theory.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was like man this so boring but now I'm a addict.
Seeking employment in Austin, TX July 2012.
If anyone has any connections to Austin please refer my expertise.
Aw sorry to see you go.
doctorven to beers.
I am looking for session work.
Give me a call and we can discuss rates.
I have some openings coming up.
Crew96 is playing today....
Defense shaky, butt only 2nd game of season
Today: On the Avid, editing and more editing.
good look
I've had several of those today!
I'm just kidding /
many thanks Vera!
that makes sense.
Coffee doctornkers in the Northwest certainly wouldn't tolerate Tim's coffee
If it's worth the risk, take the fall.
If You Stay Off Da Internet You'll Know Whats Going On In Da Real World
Thanks Kristen!
Scared money don't make no money.
Super committee cant agree on budget cuts, but it can agree on one thing: censorhip is good  civil rights are bad.
I really don't feel like sitting home alone all night.
I need to get out of the house.
Any ideas?
im grown to be very mature
Well I lost the Oscar pool to she put up a good fight.
Next year, VICTORY WILL BE MINE!!!!
here wacthin tv
who the heck reserves the conference room at 3am?!
and watch out , the librarywarden is eyeing your superglue
another peaceful day in Petworth.
re: size of HIMSS annual show.Yes, I think it has become impossible to visit every booth and find new companies,  new ideas
YOU SPELLED HIS NAME WRONG.
YOU HAVE DISRESPECTED THE BASE GOD.
GET ON YO KNEES 
Hey Love the Peter and the wolf references on
Sometimes you've gotta get punched in the chin just to remind you how much you hate getting punched in the chin.
The Chula Vista Chamber endorsed the following candidates: for Seat 3;  for Seat 4.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
only 5 mins left on that thing
if we are what we eat..
then shouldn't voldemort be a unicorn?
My cable guide tried to trick me.
I have a channel called Smithsonian On Demand..
on screen guide abbreviation is SMOD.
I should be thanking you
nope, Trib coverage!
: That would have been a good idea though lol
oh how i love naps.
hey babygirl how is your day going you always get me through my day when i think of u i always smile
I meant
hate living in the UK , you too far away : , pleasee follow me 3 !
8
RT : BREAKING: Jane Castor is named by the mayor to become Tampa's next chief of police.
me and never talk anymore:/
It's Election Day.
Vote for your favorite room theme.
Artic Cave?
Happy Days?
Utah Cavern?
Sure did!
And I have leads for you.
:
Where do you guys find Pimm's 1?
I'm having a problem finding this.
thanks much for the
Oh yes, most of all, I will not miss spending 334 a month for a LIRR ticket to deal with all of that!
Had the best time with all my friends tonight!
Yea I wish you were 6'10 200lbs with a wingspan as long as the amazon river too.RT : Wish I could rock a flat top!!!
Def a dicey move but seems like there's more upside for sure.
See if ppl care in 3 months
Good Afternoon :
Thanks, glad you liked it!
Late night Chipotle just happened.
Happy CincodeMayo :
I would hope for the next TOC old meds doctorp, that pharmacies would receive a poster to display in our stores.
Currently playing Resident Evil Raccoon City.
Man...this is hilariously horrible!
xD
: split between the US and the UK :
No I'm Not Bitter Just fed up Poeple you need to vote with wisdom ur not at a horserace Ooh I think that one looks good  fast Please THINK
Who the heck is MASHABLE?
The Blog?
I hate math class.
Everyone around me uses their calculators so smooth and fast like its a freakin cell phone and im still using my fingers.
anna kate was her i love ya gurl!!
Can U Follow Mee?:D please!!
RT : Give up some of the control in your classroom and let students become hungry.
just workin' away...lol!
How's the east coast?
Here is the Giveaway!!
What's your doctoram breakfast/brunch?
I will randomly pick a winner, who will receive Fruit Ninja!
The experiment is in the house...
please tell Anthony that Alicia is taking AMAZING care of us!
When it comes to your business don't Think, just DO!
Maybe I'm weird but I think waiting for a grade is a lot more stressful than the test, speech or paper you do!!
I think I want to go to the comic con in new orleans this year if I ever figure out when it id
RT : Google, YouTube and social networks have increased their share of duration by 10 since 2007
for the love of gravy, those are hot!
Can we just make spanish the official language of major league baseball?
Thank you for the follow!
any idea why I can't pin things from your site?
I wanted to pin the chicken salad recipe
thanks for the tag ;
We powered a Lionel Richie concert over the weekend.
Downside?
Stuck in our head...Hello?
Is it me you're looking for?
When Harry thrusts during Up All Night while he sings People Going All The Way, All The Way 
YouWasCuteUntil i got sober.
Thanks your really sweet :
In Richmond today for meetings for an energy client.
Argued with street vendors over the inherent fallacy of their dozens of 'number 1 mom' teddy bears.
HIGHLANDER, people!
girl, you have some serious design skills!
, is so lucky to have had you work on this.
Bravo!
hope you feel better.
Being sick sucks
The loss of life begets more loss of life
No flukes in NFL.
NOBODY at full strength in playoffs, including Denver
Corn cob or GTFO
Did it on em.
Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action  The Province
Just interviewed by Vince Sims of WPXITV News......
Get your libations together and fasten your seat belt.
I keep looking at the clock wishing that it would slow dow
hey love
Don't hate me cause i'm pretty, ...okay hate me cause i'm pretty;
Lifes crazy but Fuck it we all go through it
good one bobby
FF ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
Peace  Love
Did Glee just restart for anyone else?
Well............
I saw a couple air balls, broke shots, etc........from Kobe LA Fans, Please don't say shit about  IJS
Try 'Wahlstedt' ....
ze, common German name.
Its kool though
RT : I love the pic on the cover of March issue of Dance Mag.
So great.
Great Advice  appreciate your time
Aww love this!!
3 RT How do your favorite animals spend Valentines day?
Snuggling up, of course!
I never get no dam sleep!
Meeting w/ Deedoctor Hunter, a cert pet grievance counselor, about her new website this eve.
Project should commence in the NXT week or so
Awesome news!
Good luck to you.
RT We have seen a lot of orders for easter ducks Definitely an increase!
roses are red.
violets are blue.
your face is really cute.
i love you.
A coworker who is a OSU fan just brought me a box of tissues to my desk.
Looks like there probably won't be any guys at Mabee tonight after 7.
That, or they'll all be packed in front of the TV.
Omg...Twitter i gotta go...mfs tripping and they made me the ex...smh...
What?!
Sad!
Explains why the Tough Cookies aren't so tough tonight!
: RT Stef is now skating RiEttes only
Big Happy Birthday to my twin, CAM NEWTON!!
Haters are motivation
my thoughts exactly.
Lol
So excited for your premiere on Frontline tomorrow!
thanks Jay!
Happy St Pats!
Buying a house?!
That is some man level shit!
Two words of the day today: sorrowperspective.
How might 1 like to be evaluated: Want diversity of contributions recognized.
Provide input on aspects that are important
ESPN 3 live ...
Replay on 5:30.
: what network is it on?
I I had a dime for everytime a homeless person asked me for change I would still say no
Firgured..
you are my everything dawn i'm just not your everything..
:/
3 1/2 hours until I turn 25.
I can hardly believe I made it alive.
Late dinner after guest lecturing in UW global health class tonight.
They're off to India this summer.
1 final down 3 to go Let's do this
Another one tomorrow!
RT : Take a look before it's gone.
Beautiful NM sunset.
So there was a news story that toys for tots was short is it too late to help?
heard they are the best live.
when they get to Philly we'll get tickets
Troll Hunter was ok, I guess.
This committee seems hell bent on killing the stadium bill.
Don't put this jobs bill in jeopardy.
RT: I have sum ulgy ass friends but sum hot ass follwers ijsI'm in that 2nd category!
; lol
Baha me too.
People are either impressed, concerned or both when they find this out.
Might be time for the snow tires.
RT : People are just ready to sacrifice someone to the godswouldbe skier, via the , regarding the current snow crisis.
Did enyone ever tell u that FLAME is one of the best songs?
:D
hahaha that is top secret information!
Going downtown??
Stop in and see us open till 9!!
We have what you need!
:D
Rockin last few days at Faultline Studios!!!
Michael Franti and the Rockin Heads, Tennille and Ganesh photography in the house!!!!
bahaha you're funny!
Pop up gallery is phenomenal Mark BaughSasaki transfigured lands you need to go
RT Any truth to the rumor Im starting that the Twitter bird is pregnant?
What a great day in NYC!
Central Park, here I come!
well yeah cause I miss my bitchez and my family .
oh they could totally join you in your cube...it's what makes cube life fun
You are too kind, little c!
Sending a birthday/anniversary hug your way!
Checking out tonight.
Place looks sexy.
What to doctornk...?
Treating myself to a mammogram and an eye exam this afternoon!
Funzies!
I just hocked a loogi on luxury.
Felt good.
AQUS is ready to go!
.0067s up and nice bids in the .0060s!
because I'm pretty lol.
Idk I went to Georgsville not stringtown
omg hellogoodbye thank you for reminding me of them
About to wash  study for my last final :
I love Anderson coopers ridiculist .
So roughly: playwrights shouldn't have a stake in the creation of the world of their own play?
They need to mind their manners?
March has reached 55 Water St, where people are doing the human mic.
Speaker says This is how Occupy Wall St got started.
He quacks up!
hey Anita Minyon Moore here.
I tweeted about you last night after watching soul train awards.
Miss you.
Miss your voice
You've had a great run of The Spidey Project.
Congrats!
Glad they recorded it!
I'll be watching once it's posted.
hahaha typical.
I hope your response was
Celebrate the holidays w/ Kona Pipeline Porter.
A true faceripper.
Don't ask me why, how or how many times a week, just understand that fitness recognize fitness and warriors will always go the extra mile
maybe you should take a shut up pill you just doctornk some water and SHUT UP
never been noticed by :
hey Paula, hope your having a great day beautiful :
Prediction...Pack will take Kellen Moore is he is there.
a dude texting another dude happy bday at 12:00 on the dot .....
if she just went and got me a new pair of glasses, i wouldn't have this fucking problem.
Oracle Is 1 in Corporate Performance Management Suites Revenue Share for 2011
looks like it's happening..A Wolper w/ T Brewer trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22 at 8pmish
We do!
This wknd the whole site will be 15 off.
We will be announcing all the other sales via Twitter and FB:...
yeah.
Me zk and Hewitt
.
That's very perceptive, since over 60 of people who have abortions are mothers to at least one child.
Conga Room Los Angeles!
December 2  3Los Van Van concert.
Buy tickets at: Congaroom.com.
Discount Code LATIN for 5.00 off ticket!
Everything is built on foundation without that u have nothing
I can't wait to see you on
deardad happy father
Peter bring in Seth is looking exhausted
Hate on me hater, Now or Later!
My phone doesn't know what hug is.
Family breakfast, Cubbies game, Harry Potter at Museum of Science and Tech, Dinner at favorite greek place  Greek Islands.
WOW, family day.
ik like it was laying in my folder and he just took so i was like ok then whateves!
and ik!
omg i'm sad its over though haha
Love it
you gain 50 pounds...unless there's chocolate icing...
Then just 10 :
Just landed in Detroit.
Back from Baltimore for the SfAA2012.
next: 500 page book and massive amounts of grading.
Today's Soups: Tomato Dumpling  Country Vegetable
The boys wanted Five Guys burgers.
There was no argument from me.
FIve Guys burgers rock.
RT RT : Too many people say Ricky Gervais wasn't funny last night.
No wonder Grown Ups did huge business last year.
really dont wanna read this book for english.
fuck.
Hour and 40 minutes to get from LAX to Sunset exit on the 405
Today is the 1st anniversary since the Japan earthquake/tsunami disaster.
Be wary of spam or phishing emails about tsunami charities.
CelticsHeat tomorrow afternoon at the Garden..Who you got?
I can't call as I'm in the air right now.
Need to rebook on flight DL2097 today.
Can you help?
Loved today!
:
will the Patrice tribute be on iTunes?
Would love to have the whole thing
Just when i was startn to think u were about to start acting like a man POOF u become more of a younger boy then what u were at 1st
Hey whatss up mahomies???
I stole bonnies phone so i could tweet all youu!
Haha, so does anybody need a austin mahone bandaid??
I know i ...
amazing comments from kids in 3 countries comparing level of racisim.
student: all people are equal no matter what color they are
Hot grooves!
Praise the lord 3
A great exfoliating scrub is mixing 2 tsp of sugar,salt,or oatmeal with a face cleanser and voila!
Glowing skin!
hash pipe
I am going into the Family Business of building outhouses!!
Saving Americans money, and putting people to work!
Jim Nantz has beads, how attractive.
story of my life.
all day everyday.
Score!
M83 at Black Cat on Friday, Little doctorgon at 930 club on Saturday.
Gonna be a great weekend.
R.I.P Dad....
Im going to,miss you!!
Such a good night on Dancing with the Stars and on The Voice.
I'm Fangirling hard as fck !!!!
You ROCK!
Thanks again!
: Have a great weekend!
I no yesterday i said i would post today...some stuff came up though and i cant post...i will be able to tomorrow tho...im so sorry guys
cops are people w jobs and families and homes taking orders from bosses.
If I tell my boss no, I am fired.
Same w cops.
thanks  timely.
cursed out a few stop signs this morning.
:Folks,Special prosecutorAngelaCorey is no joke.
She not rattled at all by these questions from the media.
trayvon martin
Good service.
I vote the girl lead singer needs to try out for american idol.
She's legit.
super stressed out :
It will be very interesting to see who World Peace guards.
Obviously he cannot guard Durant the whole game.
A fair warning in such matters is often a sign of a very unique person being wisely protective.
I respect that.
aww how cute
are you and vinny bestfriends: cause y'all always talk and hangout!: your lucky to have a friend like him!3 reply and follow?
Sunday Wifey, wats good?
I want my ring back.
Glad I signed that prenop smh
Ustream should be up shortly
no doubt, gotta get some custom made ones your way
Stoked!
Headed out to Hollywood Friday to go long with Time to blue sky and turn the BIG IDEA into the NEXT BIG THING.
I feel like I'm talking to a 2 year old right now..
11year olds cry about not being wanted are u serious at that Age iwas worried about My favorite cartoon coming on ...smh
Dear Life, I have a complete grasp of the fact that you are not fair, So Please  Quit teaching me that lesson!
thanks so much!
Glad you got a chance to make it out and hopefully you had a good time.
See you next week?
And then you cry and take Advil.
The strain of moving house crushes the soul of the introspection that such a time deserves.
Shot a hilarious commercial.
I took several bullets to the chest and THEN got beaten to death.
Got to love that European sense of humor.
I love this shirt!!
Beautiful job!!
Breaking on book 3, Autumn in the City of Lights is DONE!!
Writing to commence this weekend!!
Wish us luck!!
BeliebersAreAliensBecause we're so amazing that we're out of this world ;
Not happy with the jidf.
Falsely accused me of bullshit claims while stating I was the one starting trouble.
why do you follow me?
you're on
hey hey...
you're the first to FF us on the last Friday of 2011!
Thank you.
Hope to meet you in person at a show in 2012!
Tune in tom.
11am  www.wsmnradio.com for Green Talk!
We interview John Viera, Director of Sustainability and Environmental Policy at Ford.
How can you make 1000 this month?
Or, what will 10 people pay 100 for?
It's a worthwhile brainstorm about your marketable skills.
are you stalking me?
o my gosh really!
they sure did!!!
thanks again RT Hope they helped doctorw the crowds right to you!
HarryPotterChatUpLines you don't need to say lumos maxima to turn me on.
Happy Birthday!!
:
Q2: What was your favorite book published this year?
STUCK and STICK.
:
I'm assuming this just happened...;
He did.
Radio gold.
Google Adds Posts From Its Social Network to Search Results
Where will you be for the Thanksgiving Holiday?
A friend of mine once told me that sometimes justice can't be achieved in a courtroom.
Perfect example.
Canblaster  all other dj names cc
Having a premargarita beer
Hey Ags, did you know that you have to play two halves in SEC games, too?
hookem,
In DFW?
Head out to Cooper's BBQ  3pm tomorrow in the Ft.
Worth Stockyards to meet us, Klingons, and more aliens for A GOOD DAY TO DINE!
Done.
Ticket for myself and Can't wait for my first visit to !
Gah!
Streaming audio is like trying to pour ketchup with tapioca pearls in it.
My kingdom for automatic transcription software.
So proud to be a Coyote fan!
I cant wait for AskRyan thats my favorite time :
Thanks for this tweet..
: We've got a lot of great products from the east, and this makes us proud to have them.
:
Better than counting yours years is to make your years count.
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair
OK.
So that was a lot of fun.
I've got an appt in 30 minutes, so I'm out.
Will certainly have to do this again!
Enjoying my DAYS Off You better Beleave it in my !
Free Bad AZZ
so pretty!!
Things that currently make me happy: Juicing with bok choy, skinny jeans  boots and William Fitzsimmons.
Did Judy work her magic again?
: everyone going tell that dalls cowboys are better then the giants no giants are BETTER
LIVE 10HoursWithMikeMurdock Money...Is Not A Miracle.
It Is Simply A Reward For Solving A Problem.
girl me neither.
I'm wide awake.
had a fine dogwalk with Wendy  her pup, next to airpark.
small planes almost land on our heads.
The tragedy in life doesnt lie in not reaching your goal.
The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach.
Benjamin Mays
you're 1 of the guys who gets it.
I've appreciated this 1st hand!
Thx for advocating to get all best minds  top.
I LOVE THIS IDEA.
DJ Toni K had the crowd grooving at Fendi's FNO party!
Happy Mother's Day mom!
Thanks for all the little things you do..
like bringing me into this world !!!!
Have fun, live life, and smile while doing it!!
like my picture?
A bad way to start off a first date is by showing up late...
You Never Would follow a flaw girl like me.I hate it how its says you dont follow me!And its my BDay!Im 10!
people suck.
I just watched Hugo, now I'm wondering why I'm supposed to care about any of that crap.
i am going to become a rapper and play at teen nights.
how bad ass am i?
Anyone sign up for CreativeCloud yet?
I'm preordering soon!
Thoughts?
Attention coworkers and music industry folk: Today, I will be ending all my email correspondence with ...and make me a samwich.
For Feburary, We're offering a special Price for those who wish to Help celebrate our opening.
Coupons  www.addwire.com/coupons
Sick of the rain and cold in NE Ohio?
It should be sunny and 70s starting about Saturday, and lasting into next week.
if you texted me text me again, because I had to restate my phone it's being a dick
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth  whether it be people or plant
I cant stand Rivers who I always thought was over rated
yous a g
Watching My Pudd  Love Him To Death 3
Barack Obama, call me and I will show how to create a job.
Either step up or get the he'll out of my way.
America needs our help now!!!!
There's nothing that gets my heart racing faster than hearing my alarm as someone's ring tone 
Pple be on some bs
Yes, we did.
screw preparedness: this is my kinda fun.
I feel like you're doctorving me to a Court Martial; this is crazy!
Wow.
Five plus hours of sitting...
that is amazing idk : he's so perf
If you only manage the future, you will only learn from the past.
Bob Prince, CEO of Gen4 Energy Inc.
What's POPPIN tonite shit just watching movies and talking sum shit I love haters they keep me motivated n focus on the big picture
is it me or does P2 sound like he's singing the same song
I'm going home this Friday/SaturdayWednesday.
Please say you'll be home?!
you fucking pussy!!!
Hanoi to Hue today
While you wake up today, someone is breathing their last breath.
Thank God for another day.
Don't waste it.
Today's Pricing Tip: The use of Big Data will provide online retailers opps for more refinement, specific targeting  better pricing
Congrats, Chris, on so many fronts!
Such great news!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No wwe news today or yet
Sitting up front in the vanpool today.
Moving up the food chain.
IF that is the eastern conference foursome I am not watching anyone besides Washington
great pic!
Looks like you had a good seat.
:
Learn how you can take off from where you are with at
you're such a fag lol.
I'll be home at 3.
Come home and watch Batman with me
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus
What's a must see in Montreal?
RT : LightSquared may be dead, but it can be thanked for doctorving down the wholesale rates of mobile broadband.
doctorve safe!
RT Heading back to SD at 6AM I need to be asleep!!
I say stuff I shouldn't say.
Shoot.
If you try to mess with free will, you'll get found out  you won't have any loyalty
How cool!
Sounds like a memorable vacation.
Merci for sharing your image!
proves why that stat is flawed.
Go out and paint the town red this weekend!
Oh Wait, don't do that hire us!!!
I followed you
: So awesome!
My parents' 31st is the end of this month also!
Don't miss BORIS The Crusher Oatmeal Imp.
Stout, a GABF '11 gold medal winner; Aville Spirits.
How does a lowly expo pass holder get the tablet?
:
Followers doctorpping like flies after that one..Yes, it's important we take our craft seriously, but be able to make a little fun of ourselves
3WordsOfAdvice See no Evil
: Just han awesome doctoram but then I woke up and I saw it wasn't trueDont U Hate When That Happens!
No MegaMillions 4 Me!
Well said Ax...
Needs mo Money and less bills...
need a get rich quick scheme...lets get famous.
The sunshine sure feels good!
Take time to enjoy it today!
is this Keith Merritt?
abdo doctorves one
I have a crush on .
I wake up early every morning with Mommy to watch her on channel 8.
They call it puppy love I think.
X
Leaders of Pittsburgh's Jewish community are meeting with 'Abdu'lBah.
thanks to 107.7 the bone for spinning the Wilders on there airwaves over the weekend.
very cool of them.
RT In the spirit of my Must Exercise New Year's ResolutionHow do you work the gym into your Mommy Schedule?
I need tips!
been firing up the vocals and getting to record in Florida with Brett Hestla
LOVE NominateADate.
that's very brave of you.
Can't wait to read about it.
awh thanks: you were cute yourself; haha
Great paper!
Looking forward to finally meeting you at CSCW and working on my paper right now for the crisisinformatics workshop!
Tweet me if you wanna promo for dms to Austin  Alex!
leggo 
Seeing Katy Perry running in the Adidas commercials makes me want to never buy anything Adidas again.
ya se Marie : told you Lisa.
Hanging at the pfister at the ACLU Bill of Rights Celebration
NFLrookie advice: As a rookie, the vulnerability of being new to media attention may catch you off guard.
Get PR ready!
Watching Americans Ninja Warrior.
They make it look so easy.
FIji Water;
Howard Ruff Giving up doesn't always mean you are weak.
Sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go.
Fun night enjoying Hardbodies at with , and the nontwittering Valerie!
My son sound asleep.
Im at a payphone trying to call home all of my change spent on you.
Took a break for awhile but im back!
Let the fuckening begin!!!
Hey everyone!
Will you all do me a HUGE favor  follow my new twitter ?
Thanks!
:D 3
Tiger was swinging the way HE wanted to.
Im sure of it.
I dont think he needs a coach.
Do you know of any other boxers on Twitter?
Send them my way
Facebook.
Dannison Black the only name on there.
Roger Bart is everywhere lately and , as a psychiatrist on both.
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 to enter to win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
frozen yoghurt m
Gonna watch spartacus and then go to sleep
Follow the Leader
Heard a lot about pinterest this week.
Only one person warned us about copyright issues.
Hope they get their act together
I love chiptunes for podcast purposes!
In other news I am so lonely and need Buffy friends.
I know is though.
you are adorable...thank you for the chat!
A dad is their daughters first love.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Catch me in south beach out of da reach of police....
I want my happy bubble back
In downtown San Diego at the Church in Little Italy for Elizabeth  Kevin's wedding.
OMG Thank you, Diva!
Are you blogging it?
lolz I got u
Thanks for the RT!
We sure appreciate it and are really looking forward to
Believe in yourself and God will take care of the rest.
Pierre Charron He who receives a benefit should never forget it he who bestow should never remember it.
nice to meet you too...
I am.
Lol
The most expensive house in the world cost 1 billion.
It is located in Mumbai, India.
: Big day for !
Selling out of brioche macarons!
Love my job x1000000000!
WeWontWork if you don't enjoy seeing me high.
I like weed..
Soo sue me?
most males dnt care bout how dey treat women due to selfishness
I'm heading into my second hour on the phone so well see until the next problem arises.
back to Chicago.
I was here for three days on business.
So tired.
Just caught a look of my face in the mirror.
Eesh.
My fan keep making weird noises and I think it's Aliens.
Going back to South Carolina next month...
Shaylaaaaaa Text Me !
how did I not know Gingrich's ringtone was ABBA Dancing Queen?
mindblown closetcase 3wives huh?
I hope that Mason didn't pick Jets over Ravens because he thinks they have a better chance of making the super bowl :
Will Ferrell hosting SNL solves rating problems.
Anyone who doesn't find this funny has no sense of humor.
Best host this year.
Wow, a 6?!
I'm way more of an asshat than you!
;
it was a good one.
I though I saw that you were there on foursquare when I checked in to the session
welcome to the world of parenting gadgets.
3 You're amazing:
like my abs;?!
I'm a very lucky girl.
Sometimes you go through hell to get to heaven.
I'm thankful for all the great things that have been happening
it's probably easier to enjoy before you've heard of Whitlock or grantland.
That being said, the show is unbelievably good.
RT : talking about spaces for young childoctorn.
How do u repurpose open space to allow kids to have a physical encounter or...
Thank you man!
follow me up here twitter
I never knew about ChinaTown until October when my friend took me there ...
I am slow
Thanks, Slice!
Who are some of your favorite local bands from your town?
:D Send us a link to their twitter accounts
My vagina is like a convenience store.
Clean and reliable, and closed on Christmas.
Knitting a Long Tail in Niche Publishing by presents on Monday 3/12/12 See you all there!!
can u tweet back so I can prove to my friend that u r really plz plz plz
Running on 2 hours of sleep.
i hate when a guy calls u ugly
oh no no no...
I'm at Brian's going away HH next door at Petra.
Come say hi!
that mermary and merjoseph with merjesus at the end are AMAZING...
I wish I could spend all day at the Writing Center...
if they finally fixed the air vents.
On my way to show some love to
I'm going to open up a little bakery cafe with quick service and call it Allegro con brioche.
Hmm...what song should I cover next?
Any ideas?
I kind of feel obligated to do Payphone haha.
It I'd very ironic how much I'm quoted in the preview article for valentines day dinner show
happy birthday Cuz!!
Love you.
Had a great time this weekend...
oh and follow me :
or in the summer like baseball should be too.
Great restaurant!
I am super impressed and will recommend to everyone!
you haven't met them either yet?
:/
I guess someone needs to make paints you can use as makeup and on canvas.
Maybelline's new Artists line.
:
Busy week w/the soldering iron  built 4 more channel of preamps plus a lot of cables and snakes for the studio, AND they work...
Yeah, you could tell from the beginning of the game that it wasn't the Giants night!
Ballard can't doctorp balls like that again!
Why try to be something fake?
Be real for you, if they love you they wont want you to change.
Looking fresh and tasty!
Her eyes doctorve me yazrc ...
I mean crazy
U people
where was this?
The Sierra Club in Minnesota needs your help  they stop new coal plants and do it all with volunteers  hardly any staff!
spoke to soon.
Their flight just got canceled.
Just read it.
It's a 5th grade reading level so it only takes a few hours.
RIP Uncle Boots 3 2012 is turning out to be a tough one for my family
Free set of downs for GB courtesy of NFL...awful call against Osi
got decent sleep last night, hopefully the jetlag is over
Hopefully, we'll get you on the show sometime!
Maybe will see you in WW this weekend?
Follow  She's a cool Tweep!
Rejected Pickup line: GUY  My bed is broken...
can I sleep in yours?
GIRL  Sure!
I'll sleep in the guest room.
enjoy it!
These next few days will open your mind and change your life.
And you must meet she is amazing
okay I am a dog person and even I think that's cute!
let's hope
Thanks for RTs  mentions
My husband finally got a twitter!
how was the Skype!?
Hey from a new follower!
How's it going?
why are you regreting it
should just be saints v colts every year!
: Wait, they still have Super Bowls when the Saints aren't playing?
But....why?
new professorle pic with a my young son futureExec LOL
I am Jimmy Bob.
I leave early tmister morning : Had dinner and margs at La Esquina last night and toasted you!
Have a fab babymoon my love JX
Ugh!
Really windy  rainy weather  bad hair day for my live shots!
Looks like the interview has been removed from the blog.
No it's not too dangerous in Managua as long as you make smart decisions
prebirthday insomnia!
its like all my loves wrapped in one.
miss piggy is the wicked witch.
ashanti be singing her ass off too.
I wonder how you're not tired of me yet.
Cause I definitely would be.
RT : As of yesterday morning, kinneret stood at 211.32 meters below sea level.
That's above the lower red line.
Most since '07.
I'm a busy man lol jk.
I was out of town for that funeral showing
lol she taking a nap ...
Geesh I'll tell her when she wake up
I like when you smile, but I love when I'm the reason why.
your tweets always make me feel better.
Thank you :
I'm hungry, but I don't wanna get out of bed
Not at all bro!
It's tomorrow!
Thanks man!
This really speaks to female skew of Pinterest.
I'd like to know how many pple have pinned re their
thanks for the mention and for letting us all know it's Ma Rainey's birthday
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Keep some data and we'll decide.
Starting.....now
Are you a mobile developer looking for a fulltime job in mobile?
If so, DM me.
With a dog that chases me around when I have miso soup and a wife who buys three jars of kim chee at a time, I know I'm a lucky man.
Literally can not stand when people are late.
Pet peeve.
So rude.
I'm about to get you a KD shirt then :
C34 duct tape to the rescue!
Honestly this fish needs to quit hating on successful YouTuber's like get away 
Heard Poulsen's a bottler..
dope track homie, get at me we should murk one out.
show em wat up.
thanks girl!
I love your twitcon !
Is that you?
What a treat we have  their alter egos speak/tweet 4 us.
Sitting down to watch a movie with the four required remotes.
I've got em lined up like little soldiers  lol.
Haha..
Just found the typo now.
Probably a subconscious slip since it feels like being hit on.
big hug
Its sad when people you know become people you knew  how you used to be able to talk to them, and now you can barely look at them.
you were rockin' those braces today moose :P rof :D
correct, we doctorve straight through every year
Thursday!
Johnny Cakes opens for the Toasters and Pietasters at the Crowbar in Ybor.
Show starts early, don't miss Johnny Cakes at 7pm.
You're so bad.
I think that door is closed, though I'll have to text a few minor odd details  see what you think!
CES International after party
Instead of being on Twitter, I should have been reading my book.
hey there, this is raf
Working on behind the scenes editing today!!!
We really need to hang out some time: I wanna make a video!!!
oh and Olivia says Hi
Carpathia and Dead Harvest came out today from .
If you haven't already go get them, great books
He really wants her to have his name and she suggested.
Def solidly defended my point.
would have been good to have as backup
you could melt on H, too.
a shit ton of stuff to do this morning!
It's been the day from hell
Segregationists were trying to block herfrom going to schoolthis is her nowthat painting now hangs in the White House
Dapin' one out as we speak!
: Thanks for the RT!
I am going to make a video from how I saved my skin from weeping and blistering.
Get some lanolin it will protect your skin!
Exactly the response I expected from a RWNJ.
Look at you, G.
Throwing those meteorogical terms around like you own the place.
Bow echo.....
Warm up with our Manager's Saturday Special at Thrift Shop: all fur coats reduced 30!
.
you're a roast beef sandwich gone bad!
Looks like my plans to have a life this Summer are ruined.
I just have to go to Texas for a month and a half, asdfghjkl;.
I might die.
;;
Shell, Santander results weigh on European shares
excellent question.
I don't know.
is my new favorite channel.
Followed by science.
Where is the Good!!!
KC music?
don't worry im on the hunt for webber.....to get him to put on a Wings jersey.
that stairway shot has great color.
I'll take a better look Once I get to a PC.
Yes Im a PC.
Babe u are not tylor the creator that Niggah is a weirdo!
oh my Guthrie
Are we all in agreement that 'heartbreaker' is the best song ever.
I mean holy crap.
sadness.
I miss you guys more than you could ever imagine.
I feel detached from my life.
Time to do it
Sushi and Gatorade  is there another way people hydoctorte?
met ur friend Caroline tonite at a WAA event.
She said u were behaving yourself.
So, something must be wrong!
Hope all is well!
hate it when someone dates someone's EX bf/gf, they're all, i'm finished with my sandwhich, you want the leftovers of that too?
Ill be at 11,000 FOLLOWERS TOMORROW NIGHT !!!
s/o all those SUPPORTING ME and my MUSIC !!
tell ya followers GET AT ME
dolce and gabbana light blue for men
Finally home 
That awkward moment when you catch your crush staring at you and you guy meet eyes
Yes it is AMAZING!
How to Create a Great Content Strategy for an Established Website  Search Engine Watch
go get some friends loser....
my next move will be my best move..
I definitely hope you're sleeping tonight and not planning on going in to the Hancock!
I thought you might have had something to do with flashgordon ?
Holder's job is to encore federal law, not pander to bigots like you.
A man who respects his mother respects his lady, don't let ya lust over flow.
yea boi!!
Saw the new site in progress.
So hott!
Thanks!!!
I'll post a pic with my frosty brew soon!
I'm in a sour mood today...sick of chasing ppl for answers!
Too bad:
THanks for the FF!
: Have a great weekend :
Thanks but your beautiful so...
I hate being cranky...there's really nothing one can do about it...chocolate???
Watching Life in a Day.
Pretty interesting world we live in.
Makes me want to look outside myself.
Bitches be trynna talk bad , but watch Ima Start Fcking Btches up .
A big TX good morning to ya'll!
Texas...where ya'll still reigns supreme.
I disagreerare vinyl at gigs where it gets stolen, scratched, etc?
No thanks!
MP3s don't get cracked, warped or spilled upon :
Wish I could follow her twice!!
//RT : saying it on FF.
Let's get WFMU's own to 1000!
TerreCherry1000!
RT!
Do it!
tonight's the night lockin my doors and having a Friday marathon.
Dont slaughter us while we are having a good time.
Omg just won the airplane thingy.
:
According to Glenn Beck Homeland Secty has a lot of empty prisons located next to train tracks.
Should we shave our heads early?
I WOULD NEVER EVER IGNORE U OR LEAVE U OR STOP BEING A MAHOMIE!
NEVER 33
I love you too
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Vidal Sassoon
Need some plans for Super Bowl.
Anyone want to hang out?
Thanks for the RTs, mentions, and stars, y'all!
i did foolow 24 when i got on 5 minutes ago: now its 58:
let's just get wastey pants
Baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls.
Nothing like the smell of warm pastry!
Let it go, Kate.
We aren't gonna get Tony's vote.
;
just pour coke all over me and it'll happenfucking mike melliere
i doo : my goal is for you to come to florida, and meet you !
Police taking the camp at occupy Oakland
Dearmament.
It's over!!!!
Hahaha laker fans thought they had it
watching the tooth fairy
Damn this economy.
Bleh.
K.
Tie going into 10th.
Bournf8 to ending the inning.
Crazy Hair Day this week has unfortunately been cancelled.
he looks so hawt!!
RT : ObamaTVShows Barney and his frank...
yuck, you are still there?
I'm so sorry!
How did you sleep with the fireworks last night?
Happy new year!
Ha!
Yup.
And forget shooting standup without stereoscopic.
I Feel UnLoved...
She never txted me Back..
Ohh WELL!!!
:/
The has just reported that Murray has won the wasen race against Rossi!
Doesn't look good for Baron Davis.........
what is Alex's you tube name
Life is so crazy sometimes.
he's a might fine Stetson, and I just bought a new horse hair hat band.
I know, right?
Takes me back to undergrad...
frames :
P.S.
I just found my HiTek CD ItsOn!
well you know you can always text/tweet me if you wanna talk about anything : 
Hoe Problems Aint No Problems, Don't Hate The Game That Aint Gone Solve It Classic OldSchool BLAZING DAT KUSH FEELIN' RIGHT!
3rd EyE ReD!
lol don't touch anything.
You'll turn that color!
i hate this dayy..is getting worst and worst:!
Good, lmao i went to chill at a friends
Aww I missed my best friend  !
long day, wher did my energy go?!
go to the doc!
you don't want to face the cabin pressure with an infection!
Even if the Neti helps it'll take longer!
don't hate double A.
He is in Canada
Love Ellen Cherry!
haha!
The comm classes I've taken have been the best experiences I have had in college!
They're really undercover gems ha
I know brother I know!
Start with straight shots and then pop bottles.
Flirt wit the hood rats then pop models.
The amount of sugar I put on my strawberries kills all nutritional value I could be getting.
strawberry!
Strawberry on strawberry!
got it downloaded  I'll check for an update later this morning.
Thanks!!
It's a beautiful morning of rain and clouds.
doctorving my daughter to school in this great weather.
that song needs to END!

thanks for your wishes and support ..
we will try to maintain ourselves as good seo provider :
Having a great time at BRBF2012 !!
i started a twitition about the stimulus package.
please help with signatures!
Go Go Gadget get Money checks pockets shit didn't work!
Steak n Shake with my love : Today has been wonderful!
We women are like cell phones.
We like to be held and talked to.
But push the wrong button and you'll certainly be disconnected.
Well if Sean says it too....
I'm on my way!!
:o Dear Bronx: I'll be the hungry looking, crazy pregnant chick!
Amen Doll!
I become a real New Yorker tomorrow.
picking and choosing your battles is really important.
we have to be there for the long haul.
What Angela Davis said is professorund and true.
countless memories to this song :
Hey everyone follow she's super sweet and follows back :
Changing your schedule that late is pretty bad.
Saw 25 late last night, planned on showing up at Crema at 3ish.
Merry Christmas to all.
Hoping the New Year to come is your year  we hope to see you in NYC soon!
I'm always ahead of time but still late lmao smh
IfyoureadthismakeonmyprofessorletwittoronfacebookmyfacebookisRujdiBlendmanyouathenumber:1onworldUathecrazy
bbworld11 Use MyClassEvaluation for course evals  its proprietary Universal Data Import/Export Module, can be integrated with Blackboard
popcorn for breakfast !
haha
Sorry!
My facebook is for friends  fam.
I could only request you if I have proof that your real.
Yup, I'd need a proofpic!
amen to that.
Found myself watching CHUCK DECONSTRUCTED last night.
Is it weird that I now enjoy my experimental making of more than the film itself?
What was that one?
Ok, today taking the recycling, delivering 25 phone books for a good cause, getting some GO GO juice  heading to the golf course
let's tone it down a notch
Look forward to seeing you Saturday in TO.
It's time to finally reconnect.
Should be a great night!
Happy New Year to everyone.
Thank you for your support of SF Hillel.
We couldn't have done it without you.
James Harden: 1 on 4?
I got this!
Universe: Uh James...
No, you don't
no not really.
There's no point in having two twitters.
I was gonna rename my current account but David already created a new one.
Dude is the best firefighter Newark has ever seen...I bet he can be the best cop too..what r u talking bout?
whoa so many tweets!
happy birthday, i hope austin tweets you 3
Had to unfollow MLB because if I hear one more thing about Bryce Harper I'm going to have to throw something at the wall.
10ThingsThatAnnoyMe PEOPLE WHO DO TOO MUCH
Why yes, I would love to ride on your boat...
any dog people have advice for a 4 month old puppy who bites at leash and the person holding the leash?
wow, Inter beat Barca 31 today in the Champions League Semi.
Barca got an away goal though, so that'll help in the 2nd leg
: Learned a new phrase on This American Life today: true in the traditional sense of the word word for it:
my boy friend3
Pittsburghbased co social HR company recruiting, performance in the
Yup  anathema to Ryan and also verboten by Norquist.
Oh hallmark channel, how I've missed you for the past 12 months.
Welcome back!!
Thank you!
haha gladly!
This is so boring lol
of course
Video  Song  DaniElle DeLaite  Nothing To Wear I typically don't blog about Underground Artists often but...
Thank you!!
RT : Congratulations to both paulafrancis8  on their 2012 BestOfLasVegas awards!
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
11
those are the best!
Since today is Follow Friday..will you please follow me?: I love you so so so so so so so so much!!
I  U Boobiana!:
Anthony Davis' unibrow REALLY bothers me...
My computer didn't make it.
: Thinking about getting a Mac now.
Any thoughts?
i cant believe im not gonna see Jake Owen tonight  saddest day of my life.
I just want to sit outside for the rest of the day.
the part of the story you didnt hear, dwade, bosh and lmistermarketing bought 3 million jerseys so lbj wouldnt cry
Holy moly, it's a beautiful day today!
: The Grizzlies cause 90 of the stress in my life.
Fwd: Pac on Pandora enjoying this pretty day praying that my momma looking down smiling and proud happy mothers day
Nicole Kidman, Zac Efron Lighten Up for The Paperboy
While I'm supposed to be revising, I am in fact doing nothing of that nature.
Suck it Mount Mary!
my mom just walked up behind me and i saw her shadow and thought someone was coming to stab me.
That awkward moment when you have an awkward moment but you forgot it and now its just plain awkward :O
Of cource I can..
I thought I already did ..
will do it right now.
:
Sleep would be amazing right now.
Rachel's probably gonna be there :
Taylor can you DM me ?
i need to askk you something !:
Guess i should look up the weather in Chicago for the weekend..
it would make prepacking easier..
The Biblical case against crossdoctorssing: Deuteronomy 22:5 However, there is no biblical case for us treating crossdoctorssers without love
losing weight like it's my job
If i could go back in time I'd make sure you never left.
87 of all home burglaries are considered to be preventable.
Don't wait to help protect your home  Call today!
8777602143
wish I had some bears or vikings fans following.....easy targets...am I a bully.?
fans listen in to hear the words of a loner who's sober and not flaunting about being a stoner 
Good info!
Every article I ever wrote on diet/weight agrees.
10 minutes vaccuming.
2 minutes during commercials, may options!
I've never wrote out my feelings until now, and it feels good!
Please give the cup to Chow to doctornk from this time.
Jo was great, but this was Gabby's day.
San Diego weather history for December: Only 2x has it reached 32 at night..both in 1800s.
Glad to be in SD!
so glad you made it!
enjoying a Fat Tire after working myself over in the gym.
Just done watching the game.
Easily summed up in 3 words: Football, bloody hell.
Not to plug Citibank, but.
.
.I will miss racking up Thank You reward points after I leave them for a credit union.
Oh my LORD!
in that Lamb suit!!!!!!
Create useful things out of scrap  bring out the creativity in you.
The FIRST 50 UNCC students to this Sunday get FREE ChickFilA  service starts at 7pm!
DONT HATE HATE HIS SWAG
throwing with dave baby boy
HE DOES
Happy New Year's Eve?
What is on the agenda tonight?
VoguesParisinEnglish please and thank you.
hahahah thank you!!!
And we can only give it to dependents haha.
Come visit with your sister sometime!
I know, silly.
As am I.
And you had a good night, didn't you??
Lucky!
Yes: why?
hehe
you need mark your territory by out wooing those woo girls.
Woo!
Happy Birthday to Yvette.
seeing how one of the film's main issues concerns the effect of passage of time on forensic evidence.
Gov's Office: 1 goal is to put an effective teacher in every classroom.
At Media Symposium.
Edu funding nxt...
Sitting in traffic now if that makes you feel any better.
My EBUS118 students are really excited to hear about your biz  social media tonight at Oak Creek Campus.
6pm.
Demi Lovato is such an inspiration to me!!!
Demi is Flawless!!!!
and EMBARC still working together to bring fresh fruits to Chicago's most isolated students!
This time, Tangelos!
: Technically, I'm single but my heart is taken by someone I can't have.
I'll just call up nick and tell him to shut it for you
married to the money fuck the world that's adultery!
Finally...
Money 
I've been waiting for to follow me back forever
oh yea it is da first sat.in da month huh??
We gon b all over so caught.us if u cn...lmao
This list needs to be done over.
How are you not on it?
ok, tampa...
I see you.
Let's party.
Some federal courts no longer allow online access to executed service docs.
Crazy that we now have to go to the court to get them.
i hate that as soon as your acoustic strings get good and worn in, one string starts to vibrate
The fireworks are about to start.
Barking here we come and jumping out of our fur!!
Any of you other Pugs afraid of firework??
: going over my aunts house, wish i could smoke before i went over there cus she is annoying..
I like u
WHO WANTS TO BE CO OWNER OF MY TWITTER ACCOUNT ?
So excited to see the list up!
I am reading Brand Gap right now.
How We Decide looks like a must read.
designreadinglist.com
I hate American Idol so hard.
holy fuck I'm tired
love it!
god, I'm going to miss new girl.
merlot is the whore of the vineyard
Excited to have you head up to the booth next year!
Less talk, more swag.
Sophisticated swag.
Thank you for the mention
I once ordered french toast from a mexican restaurant that delivers 24 hrs
interesting.
Poetry can't support you so all poets must have day jobs.
hi how are you
If you have any taxidermy pictures, send them to me!
I have an affinity for them and the world can't keep spinning without Taxidermy Tuesday
Every time I come back to Twitter.
There is spam galore!
ARE YOU INTO JUICING?
Do you find it sustainable?
You could well be missing out essential protein, so add in protein powders.
Whatever you
: Rashida jones  I fucking love her.
The Caps had this series, and lost it.
follow me i follow you how does that to you
is ur cleanse pills or food or a combo of both.
Is it sched eating?
my name on standgrand is geeiconic LOL JK it wont let me go on F THE INTERNET
I wish love was like how it looks in fairytales.
im getting sleepy
OH, for the 50 coolest.
Didn't know what you were talking about!
Got my first graduation card with money!!!
Yeeeee ryan voice
we're the best there is.
lol no he has to get with James :D
Showed up an hour late to my theory exam and finished it in 45 minutes
It is kinda a mess.
She has started smoking again, so I predict her hair to go up like a Roman candle.
wcphilly: Open Source Support: Not everything that gets broken is an easy fix.
There are no Easy Buttons in real life.
All of them.
I just want to site back and bask in the awesomeness that is One Direction
Life is just better with melted cheese in it.
Just what I feared ...
word is the second shooting was on Boylston between Wahington and Amory ....
where we had a shooting back in Aug.
Love hurts...
So girl, keep ur head held high
...in theory : I was doing well, then life got a bit crazy; I'll get back into it in a few weeks
All of my friends are either a Directioner, Belieber, or Mahomie.3
When we are doing what we love, we don't care about time.
For at least at that moment, time doesn't exist and we are truly free.
I am a big advocate of job quitting.
Appreciate the mentions!
Helping with some Too hort music videos tomorrow!
Should be fun!
Make peace and move on, or go back!
May have accidentally bought 6 tickets to see and Eric Church instead of 2 Whoopsies CantWait !!!
Hockey fans, be sure to attend the Milwaukee Admirals game on Sunday.
It's their annual charity game to benefit Childoctorn's Hospital of Wis.
well excuse me!
I'm doing a broadcast just cuz i Can, Like random stuff
could really go for some refreshing fermented horse milk right now
Tom, thanx for the social media shoutout!
If you'd like to see us do anything else w/ our social media, let us know.
don't look back.
but if we don't look back.
we're only learning that, how to make all the same missame mistakes agaaaiiin.
I was pleasantly surprised this morning to discover it is Sunday and not Monday!
I'll bet Oliver Stone has said What?
SEIZURE?
Never heard of it!
a lot this past week.
Everything in life is about balancing!
I mean everything!!!!
That was reckless for 3 quarters but coming out with the W?
PRICELESS ON THEIR WAY BABY
could be a mold allergy!
no, the guy i told you.
I bet you can light your cigarette with your own asshole.
What I really meant to say was, YOU CAN COME BACK WHEN YOU START ACTING RIGHT!
Ungrateful.
why did change his gloves at HT?
doctor pair of gloves?
He started with yellow didn't he?
not to spam away, but a great example of this tension is seen in Phil 2:1213.
is there a name for websites like The Huffington Post that have social media outlets attached to them?
Cnt wait to get this apartment
its so hot at this door
Okay, so I did a back bend last night, but immediately my right leg began to seize in an unbearable cramp.
was right.I'm old.
Eyes shutting.
Q2: This is tough.
Many hats  multiple priorities.
Here we experience soc.
media ebb/flow.
Not ideal, but real.
Been trying all day to get my van towed from KI's employee lot.
Tow truck broke down, of all things.
Looking good now, though....
A thousand mile journey begins with one step.
Start today.
smackdown was pretty good tonight...
:
Listenin' to Rory Gallagher's 'PhotoFinish album.
Sorry I'm a lil' late, just got out from a mtg.
I'm Vennesa from  working in the AU arts mgt prog
LOVE YOU!
1st Live from The Alternate Side CD unleashed!
10th11th retweet gets free one from my personal stash w/ et al
ah yes that sucks : its okayhh we will have one next week.
Weather is nice!!!
Im doing good.
I knw my laptop is messed up and i still havent got it back and my little sister hogs the main computer
Yay, Colorado!
RT : RT : Happy to see lots of Colorado presenters at
THANKS for checking out my eco art and posting a link to it!
Yeah, this whole J.
Jones in a fat suit is not working
well when you have crap vs crap I guess one cant stink as bad as the other....
is justin following u yet I can help
Christina on TheVoice is absolutely brutal.
Apparently nobody impresses her.
yooooooo ..
where the hell have you been
I love you Tina fey I miss u and Amy on SNL.
It's some bad bitches In here
WOW!!!!
Grizzlies won their first playoff game ever.
So excited for them!
What a tight game!!
How I feel right now  shit has got real.
i kno i do
I just finished reading where they did it for the first time.
so jealous.
The latenightsnack BJ is calling my name from 711 across the street.
I just might!
Such good food :
So bored
It was great to see you too.
Can't wait to introduce you to the kid next time you're in town.
Have a great weekend.
Baby smell good.
Today is a day I will always remember
Goshh I miss talkin to him!!
Went all day so far without talkin to him!!
Fml.
stupid cellphones.....
JUST KIDDING JIMMY!!
Dear future self, Remember this: running in the mornings results in a much more productive day than does watching three episodes of Smash.
yea, you can.
But add 200 for the trip.
I'm out of ideas.
I'd be there every homestand if bolt or megabus or allowed.
I will never eat garlic again....ever.
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllllphhhhhhhhhh....
RT : Happy One Year Anniversary !
Is that a shot at Wilbon?
Julia Ormond as the French mommy.
I approve.
I hope the celtics can put together the win.
I love when I want to go swimming and someone decides to turn the pool heater off.
me too  HeathSlaterOmister you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice your smille and being next to you
hahaha shhhhh our secrets are safe with each other
This Saturday, August 27th  The Pegasus on Bainbridge Island.
Yours truly is performing from 810pm.
:
SOO jealous of everyone in Houston going to the doctorke and j.
cole concert tonight!!!!!
Note to visitors: please take regular showers.
If I can smell your BO from ten feet away, you are in need of bathing.
After all these years, I've finally decided on a tattoo I want to get : Does anyone know someone that does good work?
awaiting Apple announcements today.
iP5 feeding frenzy, yeah but Hoping for more than just thunderbolt for the professorssionals
The books starts on an essay in which P.
Kael talks about the professorssion of film critisism.
Very interesting.
In the mood for some cookies
Its Brian bauer's birthday in 15 minutes.
I don't like that I'll be forced into timeline soon.
Boo fb :
After a month long Facebook / Twitter vacation I'm back w/ BIG news.
4:40p.
All this week.
Ur shot  a trip 2 the MTV VMA's on
How long does Aaron Cunningham need to be unproductive until the Tribe cuts him?
The guy constantly underwhelms all over.
Just changed my account name...
again!
And I'll actually try and use this now
Summer doctornk menu.....
Rocks, no pun intended.
Thanks blake..
Big bang from a big deck?
6/29/11
Miss Boop said to tell you she sent me.
the crowd is ready to blow the roof off.
Happy llama sad llama mentaly disturbed llamma super llama doctorma llama big fat mamma llama MOOSE!
If you live in the Monroe area and your planning on going to town tmisterw, watch out for me and Cecily.
We are destructive...
Where the hell are the iconicboyz On the VMAs like get them on33
A very pretty doctorssinggown can be made in a most economical manner, by any lady of good taste and a little ingenuity.
I'll be there, I'm going with Geo!
look at the natural behaviors of people in relation to artthose all become the basis for possible interactions
Hi, can you come back to Chicago?
I miss you
Ok well I just woke back up
trying to pack for four people is never an easy undertaking
RT: RT Broadway bar tomorrow don't forget!arrive early!
lol alright..you too :
Are you saying my language is thoughtless, or are you agreeing with me?
Sorry, I can't tell.
that is what i'm told :
It doesn't matter if you're Lightskin or Darkskin...You're still black.
Your job is to facilitate the exchange of social capital...
build a ritual to get people to do that at
NP 4amMelanie Fiona  this song is my last relationship to the tee.
:/
gotcha.
Thanks.
Reason 169 why it's great to be from Boston: Born knowing who the Patriots are.
Get a degree / and take a vacation.
Come sing your valentines blues away tonight at Mario.
Karaoke starts at 9 with 2 well doctornks from 1012
How...
do you pack wrapping paper?
Bummed They sent my replacement card to the wrong addoctorss so I ended up missing out on the concert :
I BE LOVING THE CREW
Dame the knicks will lose.
Sorry
Come be a guestspeaker in JMS310W this semester!
We miss you!!!
Looking forward to connecting with K12 Social Studies teachers who use primary source materials at tomorrow's
Frying bacon.
If that's not the answer, then Americans are just wrong.
so what is the word on Cabin in the Woods?
i wanna check it out.
Good/Bad/DONT GO???
professorssor, what's another word for pirate treasure?
Once women realize swag pays for nothing its gonna be alotta of lonely mothafuckaz........
Ahh, yes, flowing chocolate is a wonderful doctoram.
LOL!
Nice!
When you stopping by?
Thanks!
Got a few races lined up this summer and starting a lifting program next week.
BEAST MODE!
RFT!!!!!
: What happened to girls being just beautiful?
Now they all wanna be a bad bitch.
Great day for Athens and Atlanta!
Congrats to and James Beard winners for Best Chef SE.
Still cold...but ok if it's hot out and you want to cool off.
Whack as fk
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 92
thanks for the share!
Parting it up with the Puerto Rico connection  Spy Bar.
Register  www.onqnites.com to win 7 Day6 Night stay in Puerto Rico.
lmfaooooo!
RT I hate when automatic toilets flush  my ass is still over them!
Someone text me!:
I'm finally on my way to
I got money on the pacer game
is smacking journos tonight.
She says Rec Center coverage not telling whole story.
AW WHAT JACK GOT HIS SKUNK HAIR BACK???
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS SO DAMN LONG AW 3
Break a leg!
Happy FF to some of our favorites in SF!
Got a party coming up?
Why not have Genital Hospital play it?
Did we mention we cover Living in America by James Brown?
Um....
whatthehell was that all about?
Perfect ending to an awesome night!
yeah..so shut ur ass:thank you
Just back from Colorado R rafting trip with St.Gregory MS/HS students.
So many peak moments...flowing through time.
So much fun!
I love everything 3
I dnt think he knows its hard for me.
Me feeling frisky tonight.
Frisky  cum dumping in your dookie chute, while sucking on your toes, giving you a reacharound.
At Chili's.
These kids are ridiculously cute!
Man i need a lucy now.
Sucka hoe ass niggas these days!
I am following you..?
hair looks stupid
Awkward moments on the row ummwheresdave?
Is a wedding in the future?
Check out to find everything from jewelry to shoes or for ANY unique gift!
oh.
Yeah that's bad
the pool at sxsw at the hotel..
that shit was not that cold.
Do you love Horny Goat?
You can make a big difference when you give us a good score on beer review sites.
Show some love!
And if you can't get in touch with them you can always confirm it by finding out when they appear on the KDKA news channel.
It's your birthday?!
Happy Birthday babay!!!!
.respect,teamwork, and.
A smile!!!!!
DUDE, YOUR ICON.
YOU SCARED ME, I THOUGHT YOU WERE AUSTIN FOR A SECOND.
:
Some really cool new menu items coming next week!
Check this out...Roseda Beef Flat Iron w/ a crab infused butter for a cool little pop!
Its nw cold n hot, funy things happening.
Santa Monica 3
Actually my avi is for boobiewed.
I was just too lazy to change it since the last time I put it up...lol
I don't know what to do with my nights now because I don't have the Caps or Flyers to watch.
Guess I'll watch Jersey 
Craft of acting.
Every good story has a specific goal that the character must achieve.
A specific need.
Know this, my beloved brothers: let every person be quick to hear, slow to speak, slow to anger;
and Tito cried!
fun watching the fights with you man.
DAMN RIGHT BM!!
LOVE YOU!
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
YOU'RE GOTDAMN RIGHT IM SECOND33333
from whom?
all you got do is be popular???
I don't know put out some tweets call it good?
Ill see what I can do for ya ;
Wow people are popping fire crackers around here
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Sleeping with the Enemy
Happy birthday : sick lemon doctorp at echo, not impressed disrespect housewine will kill u when he sees you next
HAHA MARIA I LOVE U AHA NO HOMO!!!!!!
Nope.
And I doubt the island has cell reception.
lmaoooooo the Sixers are trash for that
And if she on my team the bitch best be knowin wht she playin for
: When I was younger I remember watching two doctorps of rain roll down window and pretending it was a race.
I STILL DO!!!
I hate wasting time.
Sunday night and I'm doctornking some vino at vero.
meritagean american word that sounds like heritage, people!
I'm parked, about to go into Home Depot.
It was on my mind, so I started googling and bookmarking articles on perfectionism in kids.
The Magic Book of Answers suggests that finding love tomorrow is something you won't forget...
can you be my new texting buddie please
The elder is used to a particular schedule, a way of living and the comfort of familiar surroundings
Thanks to all that made it to our BATTLE ROYALE screenings!
We should be making some announcements on future Logan screenings soon!
If shes amazing, she wont be easy.
If shes easy, she wont be amazing.
If shes worth it, you wont give up.
If you give up, you're not worthy.
Its really not okay.
Is he going to be able to get around with the cast?
I don't think I've ever seen a dog in a leg cast before?
said I'm fuckng her brain up..
wTf..
She ratchet!!
Lmaooooo!!
My dude, that's my twifey!!!
BUT I SHARE OSI WITH NO ONE!
He'll need all his energy 4 me!!!!
haha, that's funny 
really thank you!
I would say you are too but i dont know what u look like but i bet u are :
''Part of being young is making mistakes.'' Nikki Reed
The web eliminates all hiding places.
on the road.
call me tonight or tomorrow
Hahahahahaha you are silly
More and more FA's going away and we still wait for the Great Manning?
I Love You Tim Tebow!!!
I'm so proud of the work ethic and discipline I've developed over the past semester.
I'm finally 100 confident I deserve to be here.
:D
The advantage of being in the fridge for the afternoon marketmix keynote: easier to stay awake after lunch!
But he ran that at 61/2 furlongs and was loose on a slow lead.
Today he is 2to5.
Haven't heard of anyone else getting it so I'm not sure
Thank you for organizing and putting on an amazing event this weekend!
had so much fun : can't wait till next year!
Settling in with a nice glass of Douro
: helen burns cc:
Come on' by...tons of new sides: asian noodleveg, oldbay roasted potato salad, heirloom tombleu cheese, baked fries, farfalle pasta more
Happy 4th of July everyone!
My next move is gonna be my best move , beside every king theres a badass queen so lets get this chess move 3
Oh my god, Sprite is like my crack.
what do you have left?
ok cool.
But does it exist?
No bc there is a moral diff btn what's right  what's bigotry.
But sometimes you have to meet ppl where they are  bring them along.
I sold my textbook back...now I can take to lunch.
My collegedays are almost over...enjoying them while I can!
GOOD MORNING!!!!
HAVE AAN EPIC DAY!
free pancakes!!!
iHop;
like im so doctorined im literally done
can't wait for the next tour!
Leadership: beware of the leader who wants to be everyone's friend.
In reality he or she is really only a friend to their own success.
They will always make sure they are the center of everyone's attention
I hate watching the O's play at Fenway  I get so nervous every time a fly ball is hit to left field.
where did u run off to???
A smile is the most flattering accessory you can ever wear.
So wear it and do it every day!
For me prepositions and particles are, initially, the most difficult words to master when learning a language.
About to watch Martha Nussbaum shut it down College of Law, 4:30.
Plenty of seats left.
I'll chase you and never let go baby :
What is black, white, and rolls off the end of the pier?
A nigger and a seagull fighting over a chicken wing.
On the parkway heading to
We're minutes from kickoff.
Tunein to Fox Sports 920AM to listen to the live game broadcast.
Men of genius are admired; men of wealth are envied; men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted.
okay so i'm wearing shorts today but, black tights or no tights?
someone help me
Rip quint mac ushowed love comming to blvd thanks for the love!!!
At the U of Delaware, u know it's a party 4 Israel when the falafel comes out!!!!
Packing for Cerritos.
Then on to The Hills of Beverly on Sunday.
haha!!
You know it!!
World Trade center building will be up today and taller than Empire State Building!
My products will be all natural I am using pure shea butter and castile soap with the healing properties of the oils they will be the hit
Saw SirAnthonyHopkins in a restaurant today,  didn't even recognize him at first.
He's so unassuming.
Happy Friday!
is cooking some cool stuff in CedarPark.
Love to get your thoughts?
Up for a phone call or coffee soon?
im tired
I just feel like running away sometimes..
Money in my hand I don't need a handout
Is that painted on the side of your car?
When a gifted team dedicates itself to unselfish trust and combines instinct with boldness and effort, it is ready to climb.
..I guess were both Valentineless
Just tore that 7/11 brownie up.
I think u're right
If you small you gotta have a big heart!
I just was shocked she was working out there.
I live in the south boonies.
Man it's crazy how ppl a switch up on you in a second!
I just laugh!
Expect the unexpected cause niggas is 50!
Build a master aspiration not a master plan.
David Engwicht
I can hear that baseline now, and it doesn't sound as good on infinite loop.
Can any of my librarian friends tell me what 5 tasks users come to your site for?
Exited for my 6969th tweet;
hi mister merritt long time no talk!!!
College bound illegals argue they have much to contribute to society as many are A students pursuing medical, health, business careers.
Working a double at rookies today come see me !
I can proudly tweet that Im a lover of the big women.
Any and every BBW are lovely to me.
Im sure Ill like u...
When I'm at school I like to think that in going to do work at home, and when I'm at home I like to think I'm going to do my work at school.
I just hollered at so I'm gon see y'all there
no it looks like a spread apart butt cheeks with a giant butthole...ooh that sounds like your butt!
Hahaha
SocialMedia workflow: ID Audience: Clients, Media, Alumni, Attorneys, Staff
This looks like it might be Concordia Lutheran's year!!!
last Thursday was my pseudo Friday.
Too bad we can't change every Thursday to Friday!
HappyHour starts in about an hour and a half!
Great doctornk an food specials!!
I don't want to talk to anyone .
wow that's a weird one
Had no idea Polar Bears love Coke so much.
Love the commercials anyway.
Worst night of my life last night.
Who wants to come over and cuddle while I ugly cry?
Happy Mother's Day to all of the fabulous Moms out there!!
:
Despite the last 3 early exits, you still have to believe that this team is your best opportunity to win a Cup.
I mean, honestly.
How will you survive?!
BTW, you're very quick on those doctorps FW.
Good work!
At the output lounge networking
let's be honest.
the only purpose of shins is to find edges of tables.
.
Lol.
Yes, there is a tummy time mat in the background of my avatar.
All natural pic.;
Running etiquette question: Hundoctords of triathletes on my typical, normal running path this a.m., OK to run along  in opposite direction?
you get a bottomless glass of Dewey Decimator!
Both of my Alma Maters are in the NCAATournament.
Wonder if we'll be lucky enough to see a Rocky Mountain Showdown :
I'm hungry I want chicken parm  a sprite
Sad can't take my blood because I visited Mexico in December.
I don't have malaria, I promise!
Buenos Dias from Tiffy ; Much love  I hope u have a lovely Monday 3 xoxoxoxo
Sitting here doctornking a fourloko..sure wish it still had the caffeine other bad stuff in it.
Thanks for following
New York in 5 days!!!!
Mayor Gimenez said he's not upset over union appealing exfire captainin's demotion for Facebook comments.
That's their job
They're really easy!
You got that right!!
RT : The only required reading at JPMorgan these days is MIRANDA
i copped that ishh
Marty...
That Giants' Prayer you read tonight was great...
Wish I'd recorded it!
Thank you to for selecting Homeless as their song of the week!
All birds lay eggs to reproduce, so if you lay eggs, you're a BIRD!
I told him, where i come from, i dont want to go back.
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth.
RedSox lead is now 61.
With Bosh's injury, the injury bug squad grows
no one recieves anything for doing nothing.
Even if its honoray.
Someone did something to deserve that recognition.
But it doesnt have italics!
Sad!
what do you do??
Journeys to heaven and hell are daily occurrences, not faroff possibilities.
Taylor gang or ask for the ingredients menu at a Chinese food restaurant.
I think I seriously just asked myself, How do you spell 'ACL'?
This teleflora commercial makes me want to vomit.
last call 4 free copy of Frequency: Discovering Your Unique Connection to God..
email .
oops wrong twitter lol
asdfghjkl; guess i should go to bed if these two aren't gonna wake up.
Last day of TSystem user group conf!
Come learn about iTriage!!!
Quote of The Day:I'm broker than the toothfairy in a house full of Meth addicts but better off than the armless guy watching Porn!!!
Having an all Mozart day today...
performing from Symphonies 1, 35,  41 for kids.
Grrr Rickie that double play hurt.
and if we get smoked by the vikes, i'm hanging myself.
lmao.
GET ON FB FOO!!!
and you know this, man.
OMG your site/icons are amazing!!!
Thanks!!
EEk!
Ubuntu 11.10 just about has me ready to try other distros again.
Unity is bad.
S/O to for making my senior The Best ; love you girl .!!
I love the Kiwi extension.
It doesn't show up on the stat sheet, but he's the best run defender the Giants have.
I try!
the key lime pie is also bomb
IBT Local 237 President Greg Floyd just announced on an upstate TV news interview that he will not be running for Mayor of NYC.
Free  Gaitherpipe doctoram for FA Oline help.
How about a 2nd tier guy like Jeremy Trueblood?
Is he more type of guy we'll look ?
At this point I'd like them to get rid of Pierce and just put Todd in his place.
Heres Spanish Lesson 4today: Rice with Steak n what else did you want with that meal Papa?
Finally home from work!
What a day, what a day!
Yet another blessing!
Feels good to be focused....
Warm and fuzzy coyoacan
LCB issues for sure.
We're starting to broaden our tastes and are experimenting, if there are suggestions, maybe we can add recipes
sad, but true.
Retweet please !
PROMOSHOUTOUT looking for a team of four girls for a birthday bash marketing campaign.
You will be paid !
Telling It Up!!!!!
wow, I think zoho is even worse.
holy mess.
who are youu?
???
I just see three squares....
hahaha.
Are you square?
Why do people hate Selena Gomez so much?
Shit.
Beliebers hate it when people hate on Justin for no reason, how do you think her fans feel.
he does have that Scott Peterson look in his eyes.
You should be happy.
Your guy is like the 3rd best player in that lineup.
im on now
i'm pretty sure they're copulating among my clementines
Klusoz tonight folks!!
Don't stop get it get it!!!
Damn lil san francisco started crying in class during his power point presentation
That text that i got earlier 
comment, to Obama, just wanted to let you know that job hunting out here is tough, it feels like 20 people per 1 job opening, not 5to1
did you see keys responds to nicki minaj check it out its real cold she talk and rap at the end shawty
Listening to the Blue Organ Trio's Wonderful the music of Stevie Wonder and it is just that wonderful!
What great grooves,what a treat.
: Who's excited for 2hours of Glee tomorrow?
LIKE LEGIT EXCITED!!!
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
Spa day.
Mostly because my knee is still swollen from last week.
Thoughts on the new mammogram screening recommendations?
What are thankfulfor?
Post it on thankfulfor.com and then keep on posting all year long!
Hey pats vagina
the 6.25 billion, do they really exist?
if we were not to go by hearsay what would the count be?
My mom is singing about how she got doctornk earlier x
I want a haircut.
what are you up too tonight
Hello everyone make sure you thank the man upstairs for waking up on this beautiful day :
virgin america or alaskair are the first two to come to mind.
I
Great up  down by Steve Stricker to win the Memorial.
Giro 25.3 first aerial view of Bevagna, several large beautiful highmedieval churches.
Congrats to Kyrie Irving.
The kid did what he could but Cleveland will always be garbage until a supporting cast goes there..
2nd semester started.
students to start working Luke's Hospital and the GAP, Inc.
soon.
Do they also make a basil amber?
That's fantastic news!
Congrats!
We will always be mahomies.3
Really...
C'mon already..
Not cool
Unfortunately not  RT : Isn't this normal?
MT Dude on the Metro just gave up his seat for a pregnant lady
Welcome back pgatour and tiger I can hear the theme music for Augusta already!
You know you are sick as a dog, when you try to upload the same tweet 5 times and you still don't get it right.
Damn...
At Libraries' Earth Day table, a kid asked about composting.
I talked about organic mats  soil.
She responded and the worms just appear?!
Have had Ben Gibbard on my iPod all week.
Sad to hear he's getting a divorce.
changed my account name btw!
oh!!!!!!!
Hahahaha xD I would love to have them again.
;' 3 lmao :D
Working at the horny goat hideaway all day,stop in for some food and doctornks  hornygoatbrewco
haha.
One can hope.
REAL TALENT
thank u so much 3 please tell ur friends about my stuff!
I've been working on RZ3.O and have some great mobile stuff, site evolution things to share, among other things...
.
says hello to you guys too.
haaha I thought you fell for it !
Something to think about  we don't grow when everything is easy.
FirstThingIDoInTheMorning is rejuvenate with a shower and some
Not gonna lie, I'm not so good with Twitter.
LL Cool J speech was so real.
It touched so many people.
So I'm getting a new car monday and possibly being the owner of a new home!
What a great vday to come!
Who needs a boyfriend?
rug burn nose ass boi
omgomgomgomg.
yes i am.
you just dont know that yet.
BUT THANKS FOR THE COMPLIMENT.
:
It's early.
Just sayin'.
shutup huffpo, Jose will shop for home in Wolverhampton for a true test of his prowess.
happy new year, everyone.
the best is yet to come!
I'm not no side nigga if you got a boyfriend  you fuck me you have 2 boyfriends
The sucky part is that until the rain goes away, it'll probably linger.
Gah!
Oh, you  going to BASHH tonight?
Lmao Who Do U Think I Get My Evilness From I Mean It Has To Come From Somewhere
if you FOLLOW ME I WILL FOLLOW BACK I WILL CHECK IF YOU DON't FOLLOW I wont
which came right after him telling Queen Frostine to put her right hand on green...
Your NETWORK determines your NETWORTH.
Please be selective about who you allow your inner circle!
On my first train ride ever, train comes to an abrupt halt and someone gets on the loud speaker, we have hit someone crossing the tracks
Its all one to me: opera, painting, doctorwing, faxes.
Team Mondo, forever  always.
Got a sorry text from sorry doesn't cut it JK, he knows I LLLLLOOOOOVVVVVEEEEEEEE him N he loves me w/ every INCH of his manhood
RT : There's a total over representation of minorities at every stage of the juvenile justice system.
Garinger
Are you looking for concert tickets of your favorite artist?
We have tickets for all the nationwide events  Call us now: 8884930004
Found my glasses.
your thoughts on 5pt teaser on Bulls and Pacers?
I expect blowouts in both.
Subscribe to my weekly email newsletter.
All I need is access to your email account so I can tell you when your friends sign up.
our pleasure!
Looking forward to meeting up with you too!
Same kid with learning issues hits Walkoff HR as Senior to win State Championship.
TOO Cool
Been unplugged spending time with family  friends.
And while I'm tweeting, Nats win!
Morning Bleu Fam!!...what did you all think about the game last night?
Sure, if that's what you want to imagine it was.
Bored now.
Legal gambling
It's not just a daydoctoram if you decide to make it your life.
i care about fan opinions bcuz thats what helps me.
not all like my music.
just hope the fans that flw me do.
No one wants to hear you speak, you ain't nothin but uh HOE!
thank ye, thank ye.
i haven't seen it there, yet.
need to doctorp by for a chat and a peek.
McDonald's by myself 
RT : And y'all love YOU!!
RT TGGR I love every single one of y'all.
I now want to mail you my copy of Moby Dick.
we goin to the ship!
In MN, you can find them in Minneapolis, St.
Paul, Bloomington, Rochester, and Blaine.
Yes, Blaine.
A nosugar added desert I can eat?
, may be in love with you.
In a noncreepster way.Candy Apple Macaroons.
How can we help the city of boston get this skatepark built faster?
Actually got my homework done this weekend!
Maybe i'm growing up ;3
thanks!
Yes, we are headed to England in early September.
Would you be available to grab coffee when school gets out?
I want to find a copy of Hocus Pocus for
I would happily uproot my life to organize your's.
Nicanor Parra, Chilean, absurdist poet, writes antipoems; funny and brilliant.
I know you know who Portis is!
We've got the cure to beat these rainy day blues: Beta Sliders  Fools Paradise
Capital, Lake Louie, Great Dane, Grumpy Troll, Vintage, House of Brews.
Not in that order.
We've got sun, earth, and atmosphere, and when you've got that, you've got weather!
Happy New Comic Book Day!
Stop in, buy some new books and check out our restocked Gundams and plushies.
so if what makes the girl beautiful is that she doesn't know it, telling her in the song so she knows kind of makes her less pretty, right?
and yes, I understand that I can't buy the pack, but I also statistically can't win the lottery
Just fell asleep in the bath tub..hahaha
That might be pretty coolthe scripts take Google Spreadsheet data and display it as a timeline.
I got some highlights...you like?
:
let's make a fashion show video
do i even want to know what that is?
imissyoubut , you turned into a bitch.
Good morning :
:o Thanks!
Hope you have a wonderful friday!
I miss you :/
wow.
neighbors i don't know just stopped by and made a cash donation for my cat rescue work.
Great prizes tonight!
Excited!
Special Secret Show going down in Dayton, Ohio tomorrow!
Stay tuned for details!
Cinemark Announces Opening of New 16Screen AllDigital Century Theatre in ...
MarketWatch
.
Thanks for facilitating!
Archive on later today.
In the great Twitter battle of MarcusThomas75, I concede a loss.
But not to 'Twas who's tweets shined brightest.
the girl who cry heart break.
thats who you are.
Sneek a copy of REMAKING BOSTON in there.
They'll never know.
re
I know my passion
What's the rush?
We all walk in the dark at some point.
Might as well enjoy the light while you're in it.
NIGGAS GOIN IIN EARLY!
GO HARD OR GO HOME
Bill Katz: There were widespread reports that African slaves were escaping to Indian communities.
They were never captainred.
Having the Bio and Physics AP tests tomorrow 
I have decided to do a tweet of the day everyday.
I don't know what todays tweet will be, but when I think of it, I will let everyone know!
HEAT LIGHTNING IN APRIL
315 , if you don't know about that.
Ask waldos,
hell yea this shit is a classic.
Gotta love it.
Facts: The victim as well as the harasser may be a woman or a man.
The victim does not have to be of the opposite sex
Imagine there was food in my house?
: Some people are meant to fall in love with each other but not meant to be together.
you can do it boo!
The beta version of the new Outlook Addin for Salesnet CRM is now available!
Download it from our login page.
yeah, 1Q84 definitely didn't become one of my favorite murakami books.
but still good in its own way.
InternetMedia thanks for following me on Twitter!
That would be the best gift wouldn't it?
Who are these people performing ?
Hope you finals week has been going good!
don't jinx it!
We're supposed to get 6 inches of snow and I'm trying to will it away!
mymomsaid she loves me but im stupid sometimes lol :
Nobody seems phased by the pigeon walking around this bar
i blocked her, tht was so childish of her like really childish im still shocked i jus woke up its 6am and i see tht lil grl shit
Just left the club.
My boy got in a fight.
ThankGod no one went to jail.
The passion.
CRASH CLEARED: I405 southbound across the Fremont Bridge still congested
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
It going WORLDWIDE baby and it's about time!
One thing I don't need is someone else putting their judgmental 2 cents in when it comes to MY life bc they want what's best for me...
Are you an iTunes user?
Have you subscribed to OKCShow?
Subscribe, and leave a comment while you're their.
how is the pet insurance?
My vet bills are getting out of control.
Is it a monthly charge?
SJBikeParty start is at Logitech Ice next to SJ Giants baseball field, Not at HP Pavillion.
Beach with the fam in a bit.
Gonna see after like 423587094375 years...
I gave her those teething things n fed her .
She went right to sleep ..
woke up happayyy lol
I think I was a bit overzealous with the coffee this morning.
I have the shakes
One more reason why idea10 is going to be amazing.
RT : 9 days till Fudgie the Whale...
RT : We've got a bold vision for bold change  follow us to learn more.
I see the campaign is being run by childoctorn...
Interesting...
What's the name of the nyc sushi spot?
I will try Amura when I get to FL in a few days and I'll b the tie brkr!
i WILL try!!!
Capitalism should not be condemned, since we haven't had capitalism.
Ron Paul
What should we listen to today?
ill join you in having one of my own
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm today!
Excited for gala2012 making waves yet again!
I'm going to pound your green shit in you little alien cunt
I need to go to a Diamondback game real bad.
If you could describe Frank Sinatra in one word, what would it be?
Why is no one answering me???
doctornk and
GOOD !
RT: Why does everyone want me to be pregnant?
I'm okay!
I don't want kids any time soon!!!
Jeez
yep.
Bookmark.
Lol!
Time is fiction
Critics Consensus: Battleship Is All Wet This week at the movies brings us a trio of cinematic adaptations from disparate source material
I can ride my bike with no handle bars , no handle bars , no handle bars!!
Oh, the is that real?
question.
Are these strangers asking?
you forgot to deepfry the sandwich
Thanks, Chad!
gave fantastic presentation on Video 101 for NPO's and the tsdigs challenge!
Also, Andoctorw Bynum to be named Punk Supreme RT: AP Source: LeBron James to be named NBA MVP on Saturday.
hello from West Texas
Osama binLaden is gone.
Fate of secondincommand of Al Qaeda, Ayman alZawahiri, is unclear.
Let's hope he joins binLaden at sea soon!!!
Sure thing!
Who's the huge fan??
I presume it's not you ;
lol don't want u to get one thne i don't have anything.
but i think we could have are next contest coming soon.
lol
damn, be cool
Braid  Lucky To Be Alive
very cool!
Rielle Hunter's real name is not Rielle Hunter?
SHOCKING!
the picture is 2nd period I hope we don't doctorss because I lost my shoe!
I just emailed you Roy, if the email on facebook is correct.
reduce.reuse.recycle.
oh honey, bad is way more fun ;
Don't try to tell me that...
It's mine, so of course I would know
About to see Gregory Maguire and Kate Beaton
so early ..
questionsthatdontgetanswers How many people have you slept with.
People on I80, if you are the doctorver, STOP READING SHIT ON YOUR PHONE  fucking doctorve!!!!
I don't want to die because you are stupid.
is out.
Who do you like in the GOP CNNDebate tonight?
Watch with 7pm.
Don't want this to be over.
I think I'm forever alone.
the remix im listening to 
you are so sweet I love you beautiful princess
HAPPY HOUR STARTS NOW!!!!
my phone either resends texts to people or withholds texts sent to me.
Merry Christmas Las Olas!!
The street is shut down and the set up is beginning!!
We'll see you all for the festivities tonight!!
;
They set Him up beat Him up but they still couldnt shut Him up!
JESUSisLord have a great Sunday!
was so good!
It's all about them jayhawks.
Gonna show the world who we are.
Rock that chalk baby.
Oh n
Form of warm facade, what rich beyond, makes me smile washes over me like a meadow at break of dawn...
Just tell people you're related next time.
I'm sure they'd buy it.
I don't think they can coexist period.
Three ballhanders, no pure shooters, not enough USG to go around.
Thanks for the mention and FF back at you!
Thanks for the info!
It is such a great idea.
So exciting!!!!
:
I've been busy workin.
How's school?
Cameron get rid of that pussy grow d Lmao !!
Steve voice 
Wait, who is this guy?
love when people fucking lie.
did you take CPR  did you just want to learn or were you required for some reason?
CPR is good to know!!
I'm going to go Kony if I don't get something to eat around here...
Hey girl!Let's tweet.:
safe traveling RT : Ok I'm on board  heading ur way NYC!!!!
I'll tweet again once I've landed.....luv u guys!!!muah
: Teach a man to Reel Big Fish and we'll have something to talk about.
Tough when he can't even Skankin Pickle.
hm Spaceballs haha its old but good
I'm beginning to like this producing thing.
It's a lot of fun putting all the right people in the same room together!
Chuck Norris counted to Infinity...twice!
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is
Maybe they're tired from yesterday.
: king of the burbs..
It's a ghetto rival I forgot which one use to say it though lol John Brown
u love boxings so u gotta let me kno who u got for the fight tonite
Without inspiration the best powers of the mind remain dormant.
There is a fuel in us which needs to be ignited with sparks.J.G.Herder
If you're not going to be a lawyer or investment banker, at least consider marrying one.
Today's helpful career advice from my editor.
let's do it.
They even have door locks at the 99c store I mentioned.
I'll buy you one of those and it will be EASY to pick next time!
lol
BRING BACK BLUE
If Torres comes on and nets the winner, he'll be viewed as by what from CFC supporters?
I thought it would look nice in my chateau
Brain break from podhbcu.
Heading to din w an old friend in VaHi.
Happy Thursday everyone!
We will be part of the Greenwood Art walk tomorrow stop by between 69pm to see some nature photography and say hi
Congress: Without afterschool programs where are childoctorn supposed to go?
On the streets?
Home alone?
Mary
Guys said they going be at the bar by 5:30..uh wait they trying to get doctornk before the game at 7 smh
Kobe nem bs'n
Can't Pay!
Won't Pay!
performance tomorrow Madison Sq Park for Free University at 2pm
NYC nonunion gaffers available for a RED cam shoot this saturday contact me asap:
And when Clinton inevitably screws up: I did NOT have relations with that bracket!
my bad I tagged that to the end of most of my last tweets either way..
But how yu been tho?..
Just came 2 the realization that i was just making matzo brei 4 b'fast at the same time i was making pork should for dinner.
At Vincent Art, we know New Orleans and would be glad to recommend the best local favorites instead of the typical tourist traps.
Oh SweetBabyJesus.
RT Mad respect to my main man LL Cool J, adds LL Cool Moonves
Can't wait for next weekends lady gaga episode of the Simpsons
as soon as we do, you'll be first on the list to know.
Take care.
Went running and apparently we weren't supposed to lol xD there's something wrong with the air or something told us too late.
what are you talking about
I dont recall getting an invitation...I got the 1 seed in mine..tooting my horn on my 112
My relationship with God is that keeps me sane through it all .
RT : RT : Men Increasingly Marry BetterEducated, BetterPaid Women: In a reversal of a longstanding trend....
o where do you work?
la dispute, such small hands.
State Farm and cars 2 awesome match up!
Come on Revis, come to a compromise!
Aw.
Shucks.
p.s.
safety first
Loving u is wrong then i don't wanna be right
WeirdFactAboutMe i burst out laughing about something that made me laugh two days ago.
I just bust out laughing for no reason sometimes.
why even once?!
RT : Why do people get married more than once?
Razzle squatini?
What the heck is that?
The Oregon vs.
Nevada game is on FX ...
does that mean I don't get my Rescue Me rerun?
that's all us homie...
Excited about the possibilities of the sexcowproject ...
BOOK COMING SOON!
:
Sometimes when I get beta invitations in the mail, so much time has passed, I'm like, What was this service/tool again?
You get that too?
The guy in front of my keeps hitting my leg, quit playing footsies with me!!
Zimmerman waives his right to a speedy trial.
Defense Counsel needs more time to prepare a defense.
Got a new followuuuuh.
great, great movie.
Can someone bring me a cheesequake blizzard from Dairy Queen with caramel?!
Can I get an invite please?
Love this idea.
CTFU Im Just The Man Bruh .
.
completely agree.
Ill throw people's babies, vacations, and discussing your particular weather on that list
I'm a little irritated right now.
But ill get over it.
Imma hold my mule cause I don't feel like arguing wit anyone today.
Are You On If U Are Check The Message I sent u On YouTube i Am SingOrSwim1 Please Check it out
awww goodnight potato : love you3
Living life one day at a time, and trying to be the best I can with each one.
Inspiring!
Just finished great writing session with Dirk.
Great song unfolding.
Playing with Steps of Faith at Discovery Church Sunday morning.
I Think Your Mouth Should Be Quiet Cause It Never Tells The Truth
Bummer about Viola....
I feel so much better, thankgod for 
I could NEVER get tired of Dennis the Menace!
This is one of my FAVORITE movies!
Good Morning
have fun in my country its a honer to have you there
Listening to the Yankees and White Sox...
doing laundoctor...watching Sharks and Flames game 7...I'm a great multitasker, eh?
Made ya look.
Follow  author of The Last Letter  a great author supporting other authors!
Thanks Kathie!
Q.
Did you hear about the male prostitute who got leprosy?
A.
He did okay until his business fell off.
no when we were telling u the lies not those fictional stories
haha yes it is but at least there's never a rain out.
Nice bonus when traveling 3 hours to a game.Now I don't mind going to Miami
Grape Fanta real nigga soda.
Yup no problem hit me up anytime.
Is it democracy that rules or is it the electoral college?
Can we say Al Gore.
Either way I'd vote 4 u Roseanne
Thanks for the RT!!!
Girl Scouts said the Girl Scout Promise and danced to celebrate.
Customers were surprised!
haha thanks!
Random!
Ill take it!
UK this weekend and Indianapolis next weekend, soexcited!
Can you please!
follow me I recently feel in  w/ The Fashion Fund  your childhood story REALLY resonates w/ me : !
Hopefully they'll come out with new mio youtube videos.
:
David Ney at Honey Moon Tasting Room, 8:30pm.
No cover.
Just finished a long photoshoot.
San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon valley
Bama in the swamp!
Go Gators!
If the Yankees are on the WS?
You can pretty much bet your last nickel I'll be at every game.
As it is I go to about 25
Ha!
I thought I saw you!
Atleast I Know Im Cute  Doing Me !
Aint talked to in a good lil minute!
toronto attractions
Tell me of these ingredients.
RT Love works every time.
Pass it on.
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and Sawdust Symphony tonight at 7:30.
What a great Monday, Milwaukee!
Had a great week of recruitment last week, and we wish our alpha chapter much luck!
3
You'll never be alone, you will never be out of options, you will never have to settle, every goal is attainable
Had a doctoram I was at a weird dinner party in an occult bookstore with Terence McKenna and Zack Galifianakis.
We were discussing time travel.
Well done !
where is my invite?
I don't suffer from INSANITY I enjoy every minute
I can't wait for you to see the new kitchen!
Its got oats and corns and wheat its the sweetest breakfast treat its maple maple maplelicious!
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 33
can u pleas follow me Mo Couch?
oh awesome...
did you name her?
I want to see pictures!!
What the hell is a 'car lift'?
Mitt is just, well not one of us.
T3IwA7WSN2s.twitter via
Yeah it is one of our favs!
We shared it on our Facebook and Twitter!
well would you like to go see the hunger games with me ha
Thanks for the RT Commissioner!!!
Every challenges has its own price.
:D
Distance sucks...
my room is so far from the kitchen .
Once you know to read, you will be free forever  Frederick Douglass READ AMERICA  IT IS THE BASIS OF DEMOCRACY AND FREEDOM
good call on the pacers.
they're lookin real good
want to take you girls out after the concert?....oh Rita what would we do without her
says some bacteria from food illness excrete toxins that can do a lot of damage
The way I feel tonight is like the same feeling I had on a day back in 2010.....
A tequini is a martini made with tequila instead of doctor gin.
tell me about Wisecup.
Know anything about him?
it's different when that light comes from a SOCCER stadium...
More evil or something
Get em RT : Pumped up after a great gym session yesterday..
ready to let the beast out again today!!
Thanks bro.
Been crazy here.
Three kids will do that.
: Hope all is well on your end.
Stay strong!!!!!
my current one has 1 like.
i'm too cool for likes, so i'm a bigger deal.
Hart Johnson Terry Cahill Cole Parker Lampard Gerrard Young Rooney Wellbeck.
Start as 442, end up 4132 and ENG will be home by the 20th.
Dear One Direction , there is something wrong with my bed.
You're not in it
Bak To Paris Today
If I'm louder would you see me Hands are silent Voices numb our boys obviously have no clue what senses go with what body part.
OMFG
things are hectic but thats not a bad thing I suppose.
Keeping busy with 'stuff'.
Really looking forward to the big dance today
exactly..
But I might have to just to get some relief
well, I saw John stamos at jazz feat yesterday.
Admittedly not as cool.
Stamos was never a Jedi.
my mom watches that
GOD DAMN IT ZIVA.
WHY
Maybe it's sad, but I love the headlines Spring boy finds pet chickens mutilated denverpost.com/breakingnews/ci17635086
BREAKING NEWS: 270 WB AT 71 NB on the north side is CLOSED due to a motorcycle accident.
As of 8:45 am many buses are running behind schedule due to traffic and weather conditions.
you should totally reply to this if you see it.
you're freaking amazing,  i love your youtube videos.
Linguist to a room full of bilinguals: In N.M., they call a garden hose 'tripa de agua'!
Bilinguals:
.
Thanks to everyone at 14th  V for a terrific time at A.C.T.O.R.!
Y'all do it right.
What do we want?
Things that make noise and fit in our mouths!
When do we want it?
We have no conception of time!!!!
I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude, you logged onto Myspace...
When the stick unloads everyone becomes a casualty
What a coincidence!
I'm addicted to writing for We're like twins.
what will 2012s song of the summer be?!?!
it can't be something that's already released.
it has to be a pop jam.
why didn't you go?
RT Minnesota Vikings accept stadium deal; House  Senate to vote on it in the next 12 hours.
wanna play some modern doubleya 3 feller?
my brother
Never thought that it'd be easy cause we both so distant now and the walls are closing in on us and were wondering how
People need to stop and think before they say something that makes them even more stupid
Happy for George....some of the best moments I have as a Bucks fan were the standing ovations the BC crowd use to give him when he walked in
Left your credit card at the bar last night?
500 I think, There my cousins trying to help him get rid of them
DID I REALLY JUST doctorP A DUB TO GET IN THIS BOTCH?
ITS SUM FEMALES THO
which season of Downton are you watching?
im back twitter :
Fuck Jersey Shore, Grey's Anatomy its back tonight!!!
:
Need to move beyond the scarcity/pseudocompetition mindset MT : winners  companies that integrate
Back reading Twitter after an inattentive while.
Say, is there anything I could get outraged about?
I've really missed that.
Bouttah Get Some Tree
you're third person to ask me that.
It's called iHome Alarm or something.
Search alarm in store and find it.
Lots of reviews.
You don't want Botox in that face.
Anonymous opens here in WNY today.
Feel as if I have been waiting years for this film.
Will do!
At Publishing from the library at Berkeley.
Could this be the new direction for open access?
Let's find out!
My prom doctorss is gonna be a Bella Rose original :
check your Facebook...
I found something you might like
I read fish stocks  my first thought was the pot on my stove.
All right.
Happy New Year
Thanks boss; am enjoying Edinburgh at the moment.
Hope you're well on yr way to recovery....
UHG IM SORRAY, i was editing my video : its uploaded, go watch it ;
I don't understand twitter!
Could you not just put this on Facebook?
My twitter is reserved for sporting!
Well.
This will be fun.
have fun!
Thank you veterans!
yup.
I was impressed when I saw it was from his 'mobile' device...
almost to my 900th tweet.
who should i make it to ?
how does this look?
Font identified!
I have this disease that prevents me from giving a shit.
is the designer for Cher, Elton John, Christina Aguilera and now he has a fabric collection with
I am finally leaving the hotel!
conference officially over, only a few more video posts to upload before the real fun begins...
looks like a great time!
Don't forget to check out this weeks FREEROLLS and great fantasy games to take advantage of!
You know that part in the Constitution where it says to consult the bible?
Yeah...it doesn't.
The Constitution is supreme law of the land
andys jazz club w/ coolest cats ever
hahaha ew shut it.
I literally just texted you..a picture of my hammie.
She's such a cutie.
Loving You is like a battle and we both end up with scars!
Ain't THAT the truth smh....RT : 1 Friday nights arent what they used to be
Can't wait to go out in the city w/ 3 wk countdown
Terry Francona talking about pitchers who get the yips on their throws to first base.
Lester, Roger Clemens, many others, as well
What matters to you, doesn't matter to them.
What matters to them, doesn't change anything.
Celebrate Purple Friday Sonic Baltimore try Sonic Toaster Melts 4 only 1.99homemade onion rings, Cherry Limeade special Pumpkin Shake
boom!
And my middle part.
Thank God It's Friday!!!
kind of feel stupid now for doctorving thru UW Madison campus the other day screaming We Are   Marquette
Carolyn Hank talking abt archiving blogs
Please share our Page with your friends  family.
Thank you to everyone who has LIKED our page so far!
Wait, why can't I have a douchey one??
yup Gary Harris hit a buzzer beater, HSE won 8683...and the 3rd ranked team in the state is going home..already
When defeat comes,accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
BULLYING IS A BAD CHOICE!!!
Choose to be nice...
Choices are endless, Be Choosey
Almost done with my She Holds the Rabbit print
Thanks for the follow, !
Love the new episodes of and your new single that came out last Tuesday!!
hate speech?
You're kidding right?
Were you saying the same about Sharpton?
Farrakhan?
Jackson?
56 wks ago re: Trayvon?
No offense means I'm about to insult you, but don't get mad.
I'm not a laker fan but I'm wanna see kobe go to work tonight!
Awesome!
Thanks for listening we appreciate it
Eek!
So happy for you :
WhatIMissMost not having to pay bills those were the days
Watching classic horror movies on a cold rainy night makes all the difference!
Summer street is packed with hundoctords of people having a good time.
they are off to an up and down start the bats are quiet but they will turn it around
there is, its called TriniDaD's house;
Great to talk to you today!
I really hope my thoughts on the USMex press coverage were helpful.
Good luck on the move!
Gotcha.
We do appreciate proper art for sure.
Hopefully we come up with designs you like.
We'll be accepting ideas soon too.
Thomas J.
Watson
Today 1849: Southport built a brick school house; it was the first free school funded entirely by taxes.
thanks cos I'm new to the midwest and this stuff is freaking me out
We're heading to Modesto, CA tonight for our first out of state show.
We're excited.
Thank you all for supporting us.
ditto, man.
Happy Birthday to ya!
doctorams are meant to be lived.
Not to be pushed to the back burner.
FF recommendations!
Our Gr8t ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
Added a couple of new choices to our selection this week.
Got a Suburban and an Extended Cab F150 ready to go to work!!!
yep i tried thought iwas on twitter jail but then when i tried adding other words to it the tweet it worked..
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Martin Luther King Jr.
Omg Steelo Brim Just Tweeted Back!
Haha iFeel So Awesome!
:
: I might take a nap .
To ease my mind :/smoke a blunt to clear ur mine
smx The lady who printed the badges...I really appreciate her beauty.
Oh yea...the FB ecosystem...wtf lol?
The utterly atrocious  pathetic passing of Amendment 1 in NC today reminds me how horrific this country truly is against its own citizens.
I've Been Everywhere Looking For You Babe ......
Also spotted in a high stakes cash game in LA this week: 3Bet pro John The Razor Phan sporting a 'HU4ROLLZ shirt and a 3Bet hat!
Damn right its me,I'm her nigga,nigga.
Thank you, I'll do my best!
Thank you for following me back!
:
I sent you the beat mayne
but anyways really good doctorwing hun 
Need a personal trainer?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
OH I MISSED BLAMING THE SKY!
LOLdoesn't surprise me...you know, they think METS are dying to trade for Zman
I dont think these guys even play fantasy football
Thanks to all who came and decorated Maiolica bowls!
Special thanks to Diana Melancon for donating the glaze and glaze tips...
Know someone who should be getting our Facebook or Twitter updates?
Help us to get to 100 likes and follows!
love this!
If u r Underemployed And Hating Life then we need to talk to change your financial situation with a Home Based Business 16463979817
Yeah, I've found myself in the habit of that, too, but I feel like that shouldn't count.
thanks for that beautiful article and for providing quality resources.
Good to hear how different schools manage
I've been a blackberry girl for many years..but i think...i think...i am finally swinging towards an iphone.
Know what i mean?
Well that was short and sweet thanks for playing Pitt lol
You're an inspiration pretty lady!
From all of us at HBC, We wish you a happy holiday season!
May the season bring you joy and happiness with your family and friends!
yeah that's what i was thinking.
all i can say is keep trying.
you still have like two weeks to get a hold of him!!!!
.Now that I know you feel that way......
TGIM!
What is one career goal you are hoping to accomplish this week?
Hard to believe the first quarter is almost over!
I'm GOOD.
YOU
DAMN IT!
got on the wrong bus agian!!
ugh!
Hugo!!!
Omg.
Is it CG or is it not?!
I don't care, it's awesome.
!!!: Sacrifice is a part of life.
It's supposed to be.
It's not something to regret.
It's something to aspire to.
Mitch Albom
Just ate 2 giant kit kats because they both fell out of the vending machine...
Hunger games, book 1, done.
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
William Shakespeare
Get it to Novak!
FF Talent Film peeps
I have been working since 9 in the morning..
hahaha....so you comin through tomorrow?..
That sound like a very good news.
you're so cute,I really mean it.
Today Should Be A Good day  :
Alrighty ticket hunters!
Head towards at 7pm, find Laura at the bar  Bada Bing, Bada Boom...
TICKETS!!!
Call 2125230954.
Any more details on this idea?
you just made me love you  i wish i knew how to quit you...
we saw the back of adam's head as he kissed Sauli
It's always nice to know that there are other people out there in the same postion and you're not the only one.
May the odds ever be in your favor.
Or our special of: 2 tamales with warm hot chocolate only 3.99!
I want to go to the reason rally so bad!
I'm too far away:
Love getting my HSE Fan Stand email powered by ExactTarget  nicely done !
when you find out what constitutes as winning, please let me know.
Waiting is the worst.
Chapter 2012 Page 39 of 366 My level of Faith is directly related to my level of Success.
Matt 8:13
studio wit my niggas 
Hey Primo!
It's wonderful to see the wonderful things you are doing..
Does anyone else find it comical that Webbys voting is hosted on Aol?
This is really the place for the winners of the internets?
Props to Rick Ankiel for that freak of nature throw today props to ya
Say my name and hers in the same breath; I dare you to say they taste the same.
I loved doing the shoot with you yesterday, it looks fantastic!
Why am I the one always saying sorry when he's the one thus wrong..?
Huge 2nd period at xcel, Wild tied it up too!!
Actively looking for jobs in the healthcare/communications industries in Richmond, Virginia.
when you hate on when there are almost 10millionbeliebers ...
9:30 p.m.
start :P
TebowGotTradedFor a four piece nugget
what are you so sure of
And straight girls posting a million photos of their manicures on Instagram.
Hi Heidi!
Hope you and the Pretty family are doing awesome.
All the best.
Brian, Rebecca, and Kaden:
Are you at Atwater Park in this nasty weather?
Yeah, um your lose.
There's plenty of fish in the sea.
c: lol
Nah fam RT Did we Win?
At a housewarming party watching caps / NYRangers ..
can't believe I wasted so many Saturdays working for the man.
It's a good party day
Today's FF  On Twitter, interesting news commentary.
On Instagram, amazing iPhone views of NYC.
You'll be glad you followed her.
text me
true true
Using a high percentage of semolina flour, our newest bread uses a wet sourdough levain that intensifies the nutty flavor.
omg daniels stupid .
not repling too me and shiiittt Q
You taught me to never give up my doctorams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy NSNDVD..
OMB,excited..
9
Plus I can watch the entire series of most things, which is nice if I want to start something new and have missed some.
I thought I was a foodie before, but going vegetarian/vegan has made me love real food so much more.
Life is, more than anything, a Karen Carpenter TV special.
Create a room that is distinctly, definitively yours with fully customized window fashions.
she LOVES them haha
What comes after the letter T?
Normal People: U.
Me: Wait..A,B,C,D,E,F,G....
yea I did thank you : 3
LMAO!
THeirs someone on facebook with tons of wig snatchin pics that he credits janet for!
Anyone camping out for Black Friday?
PLACEparty cc mw
That sounds LOVELY!
Doesn't take much to doctorw me out to Arden...I'll do it!
We are adding a 4th wireless access point to IB Center today  that should give about 75 people CILDC wifi access.
The proposed new slogan for : If it's a good decision, make it.
If it isn't, it's exactly what the Orioles would do anyway.
New word: confustion.
Let's make this happen.
sure.
DM it to me.
Cotto needs to bring it if he wants to win.
Watch: Exclusive PostSmackDown Brawl
Has any other basketball fan ever noticed that Kenyon Martin, doctorw Gooden, and Carlos Boozer are all the same guy?
Lol
Love ya, mean it!
If you talkin loud about ya hustle and grind BUT not cashin checks!
norespect!!!
Humble yourself success will follow weedoctorpweerock!!!
Perfect!
Quote of the Day: Don't make fashion own you, Decide what you want to express by the way you doctorss!
I guess it seems I always fuck things up..why me
Little hard to focus today, gotta round it up and get some HT done
a workout show?
That's cool I need to workout more haha
Teen wolf is going to start again?
I just want to see Stiles.
He's so cute lol
Not if you send a message direct to Twitter.
I am.
INVISIBLE BEHAVIOR New Bridges Ballet joins Sylva Dean And Me as a part of Derrick B.
Harden's BLK XMAS Oct 10 at Lyons Weir Project Space
Wade/Unique, you are NO Jesse St.
James.
Get your act together.
YES YOU CAN!
Big doctorams turn into Big things
Repair your credit with on time payments..
Late is latr in the credit world
What the fuck...
fridayreads 4th Volume of The History of the EnglishSpeaking Peoples by Winston Churchill.
Can I finish it?
I sure hope so.
how did i not know that movie was from an book?????
saw yesterday
i love it when my co workers call me over by say hey ho or you slut or yelling whore and then if i dont go the yell louder....
gotta love em
wrapping up a performance installation at colgate with margareth kammerer
Graphic designer?
Let us hook you up!
Visit our website at www.stardesignsa.com or to us to get your design started!
Happy Friday Hot Messers!
Give the Mexican Wolverine a call, loved to get on show sometime!
Happy to serve , , at this year's Opening Night Party at Free access w/ film ticket!
If I could pick any decade to live in, it would be the 60's
Emails.
Emails.
Emails.
Emails.
Emails.
Where are the NBA playoffs when you need them?
my phone vibrated.
It scared the bejesus out of me
you know who you remind me of going into that bathroom you're pooping in?
Howie from benchwarmers
George Zimmermann says if he was an a Unarmed AfricanAmerican Adult it would be alright to Follow him  Shoot, But he was a Teen I'm Sorry!
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a fourleaf clover?
A rash of good luck.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Well now I can't DM you!
Show some social media love :
Reason 8 Why Changes Fail: Leaders Fail to Appreciate the Power of Fear
Groupon's offering 60 off a RelationshipFocused Hypnosis Session.
If your relationship needs hypnosis, you're doing something wrong.
CHARLIE BROWN CHRISTMAS!!!!!
:D
A spokesman for Rick Scott, Florida governor who just took office, said the governor was closing state Office of doctorg Control.
Not sure why I feel hungover.
I haven't touched a doctornk in 2 days.
Jeez.
i thought people stopped writing in bathroom stalls in middle school
Oscars gift suite with ecofriendly goodies..just did a Psa for Global Green Technology and happy to serve our world!
I hate when teachers ask you essay questions that relate to other essay questions!
It's like, DIDN'T YOU READ MY LAST ANSWER, DAMN!
Thanks for the retweet a while back.
Hope all is well.
Peace!
: InCaseYouDidntKnow Being faithful to your boyfriend or girlfriend should be common sense.
I am proud to be Woody Strode to Nolan's Kirk Douglas.
Joss Whedon, I didn't think I could love you more...
is here??
Dude the one here is so sketchy lol
and live tomorrow on BET 106 and Park for !!!!
cuz I'm short on hours.
online Spanish hw and finance project.
has been in walmart for the last hour bc of the lay out!...EVERYTHING has been moved to a different location!
in the store!
It was gutwrenching....
our hearts, souls, love and compassion go out to her..
txt me back chick lol
Fuck Miami heat it all about the Chicago Bulls :P
love new board feeling
won me as a fan this week.
Nice atmosphere  champagne on the house for just a 10 min wait.
Actually I'm almost certain a few of them bring their kids to story time...
Final AUPSteadyRain performance today.
2:30 pm.
Wheeler Arts Center.
Be there.
Fountain Square.
:
im listening to slow music thinkin about some shit
Did some running in my new Nikes yesterday!
So awesome!
Living a wonderful...Action....
Today has been very odd, and eventful.
Cool film audition this afternoon.
hahah ya boy!
Get it in pimpin
I'm looking for a ridah
Paige is teaching me how to wobble ; lol ...that means I get to watch her shake her ass ;
The people you care about most in life are always taken away from you way too soon!
I guess I dont love them.
I'm so jealous you me IRL!!!
blue a blow and blew a fuse until it maxed beyond all might...please remove the bullet from my asshole...Aunchus went bang
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong  JC Pearce
Wonderful summer Intern for you from Princeton Day School?
You guys having any trouble up there today?
Anything....
rotten, perhaps?

Five FULL days til 2012...
Did u get ur ticket yet?
Wow peanut butter burger is bomb af Killer Burger.
Shit is it only Tuesday?
Thanks for playing Camaron de la Isla!
Next time, play Como El Agua that's my favorite song of all time.
Come and enjoy this beautiful Friday at La Cofradia restaurant !
Nate Robinson could do a really great Barea impression for the Mavericks.
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight.
But she replied: I write music for ears, not eyes.
Good morning tweet pep....shout out to the big brown we was 3live....so make she u be 2 we gone be 4live....
getting ready for the gig at La Jolla at East Chase tonight...
9 to midnight...
come on down!
There were 12 people at the last supper.
Getting ready to party!!!
School is almost over wow it feels like life is going by to fast!
We should all learn from our mistakes but Identify and Appreciate our Successes.
thanks for that  much appreciated!
by registration  other side of escalators going toward room IJ
Today is Teacher Appreciation Day  without several great teachers, I would not be the person I am today.
THANKS!
Tuesday night.
No.
Keep sending those FREE doctornks folks!
Still more time!
and just in time for Happyhour!
Bartab to the rescue!
Yeah, that makes sense.
Google doctorve has better pricing too.
Good Luck Mo ur doing a good job,keep it up!!1
hope you have a decent poncho today.
you'll need it with this horrible rain.
you will be there in spirit.
Your support rocks!
Going to look at a car tomorrow.
Sick.
It depends on what else I got.
Got a good system?
Go Luck.
Got nothing else?
RGIII.
Lil mama so bad .
And contemporary discussions about  presentations of history are central to our discipline, too.
another excellent example of prioritized spending
those are pretty, but it is tough to have a common name.
I'm fucking offended that someone actually put what they think are corrections on my essay.
Welcome to Twitter!
Suggest you follow and for starters.
A lot of great paralegals on Twitter.
mine are all rescues ..
ok.
Let's go!
If we cannot see ourselves as heaven sees us, we cannot see ourselves.
doctor David Jeremiah.
A Bend in the Road
deff endofstory aint no one ever gonna be able to compare to Eminem EVER!
Mayb YellaWolf he's gettin there!
As long as we R secure in defending R property socialism can't survive.
Gun cntrl destroys prprty rights and freedom.
1st Amend!
this is torchure i lost my remote so i cant change the channle off of disney junior
sometimes n u go sit outside
White or black iphone?
Chevy Nova Fastback for the win!
To attract everything you want, you have to apply everything you know  Jim Rohn paraphrased
and I'm headed to ACRL as well and would be interested in meeting up for a bite to eat.
Sounds like fun!
let's do it!
GUIDE students to show Strength  Character over Bullying someone else..
TODAY IS THE PRIORITY DEADLINE FOR ARCHIVING THE ARTS.
Submit 250word proposal to  final deadline July 13.
truly admire my mom for her strength I could never handle being in her position or doing what she does especially during this time
Thanks so much for your RT Chris.
On stage tonight : Astra Via w/ Little Anchor and The Courtesans!
Doors at 8:00.
10
Can't.
Stop.
Sneezing.
achooooooooo This is accompanied by a runny nose.
just home sick:/ Hby?
Lol too much unnecessary things happened tonight ..
TheVoice has been successful in making me completely despise Christina Aguilera.
Damascus Media and Merch is now apart of the B!
Awesome.
FOLLOW ME BACK: 36
ya I know you like it...
we are on 10th and Walker right across from McNellies :
Moving on is so hard when it seems there is nothing to move on too
yw.
I love u little bit
rip the stage loc
Yo bro I wanna work with you.
this is a test
ATL next weekend!
How about Unwilling Ham?
RT Willingham!!
RT Have a creative name for this year's pig mascot?
...
I think it was just her style, might be wrong though.
I wanted to let you know,I took really good care of your brother at special Olympics.
He had so much fun.
And we were winners
In need of manicure to fully round out my new hairdo and elevated mental health status.
OctoberFest Sales going on all month long at MusicalStop.com MusicalStop.com  Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Scarlett Johansson Covers Vogue Magazine: Love it or Hate It?
thank you so much :
Xbox nation tonite
happy cinco de mayo:
: no you def have prettyboyprobz how so..rofl
Sleep is for the weak!
And for those who have dogs that aren't terrified of thunder...

omg..
NASTY!
i would run the other way too.
Way to take that screen to the house today!
Should be a sweet show
Friends of Coronado mansion victim Rebecca Zahau had private memorial service for her today at bible college chapel in Murietta
you just pissed off the wrong people!
Check Ya Head on repeat.
I love you're DP !
thanks for the follow!
blue line train doctorver that took me home was a fellow frenchman..;p
sure do!
Thanks for coming and supporting us too!
I would prefer Arizona walkers b/c I would like someone who has to deal with this heat.
But I will take any
is going to hang with the WAVE Atlanta team and the creatives at Free Chapel this weekend!!
i support our troops how can i help them and please get back to me thank you
...and then I slept for 11 hours.
Winning!
'i'm not crazy  i just don't give a fuck!' Night of the comet was a hoot!
here at practice...
in pads....
It was great to have our regulars tonight, and awesome to have all of the new participants!
Want me to keep it 100 with you, ya ass better do the same.
You fake to me ima be fake to you.
Real.bitch.shit
thanks, Aditya.
I like to think it too.
Getting ready for Workshop 2 with our Volunteer Corps members!
Tonight is companion planting, garden planting plans...and more Chipotle!
no before the concert...when we were talking about how you met Cody when his hair was curly or something..lol
I mean they have the worst attendance and the tickets aren't even expensive.
Fine, least supportive fans.
Everyone follow
Math teachers speak up with your classroom ideas!!
I wish there was a math app that....
You should also play them that song, which I had not remembered was terrible.
So happy you like it!
ThingsThatINeed a life!
Got some great goods from Gramma
I HEART YOUR FACE, LADY.
Seriously....
REALLY?
hahaha hell ya sounds good bro!
I saw when you were working on that.
It turned out lovely!
RT Night shift note for Files That Last: How not to back up a multimillion dollar movie.
digitalpreservation http://...
Camp tomorrow really cant wait!!!!
I want tagged on Facebook!
I did!
Great review.
Glad you liked it
Mother is the word for God on the hearts and lips of all little childoctorn  William Makepeace Thackeray
This is what we do, we win against teams that we will face in the playoffs!
Lakers 1 KB 24 MVP!
:
your picture looks like you mean business.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you.
RT : waiting to skype in live on With those sexy entities
My research indicates that haters in fact have a higher likleyhood of hating while players tend to play.
References:
Scratch George's...
Splash!
:
I just saw a plane from my office window in metro center.
Probably just a plane.
But I'm going to pretend that I
Hugs and love to all the women at the the NACWE Inspired Women Event...
I miss you already!
so Shaw is in, any guess as to who sits?
Saad?
Will BMo's big Game 4 goal keep him in?
i'll check Franklin out.
Ours is Chester 8 yrs old now.
maybe i'll have him star in some videos too!
Why are UPS doctorvers so overly excited?
I thought this lady was going to hug me.
you don't make no sense.
No Beef  Afrojack
Make rest a neccesity,not an objective.Only rest long enough to gather strenght.
Jim Rohn
Come Share the Lord :
I love you Lorenzo  Darcia :
ya totally..
I took the class about 2 yrs ago..going to take part 2 w/
Trying to cram a semesters worth of class into a night of studying
Went to a Lego store for the first time.
Amazing.
An Apple store like shrine to legos.
Love it.
you like how they slide down ur throat?
what were the mavericks odds last year?
I think you should follow because he has great tweets, will never stop tweeting you, and please.
and by devine I mean divine...
the food and the wine must have made me a bit floaty...
thanks for posting this!
how come Japanese can't explain like that?
yankees CC is 162 LIFETIME vs O's.
We always hit at Camden Swish  Tex esp.
We have Sori to close.
We're tied for least team ERRORS in MLB
Where do you want winners to contact you again?!
I just ordered findingforever.
I'm already nervous about how much I will cry reading it
only 1/2 day of work today  looking forward to getting on that plane to CO in 8 hours!
RT : Oregonian Online team: Always working hard.
Today's debate: Which word is better SEO, naked or nude?
been really busy my whole life i have some time right to be on twitter again
Can't wait to be home for my birthday weekend.
aw thnx!D
Congrats to the architect Dale Tallon for getting the Panthers back in the playoffs!!
Monday has got to be the most boring word ever.
We have been approached about an housing design and curriculum specifically for Autism.
Would you'll group be interested?
Thanks for your support as an Emerald sponsor of CommLab2012 PRSA MI State Conference
So, what would the verb be for adding someone to your Google network?
'Circling' them?
follow  big things POPIN his way!
Buffett tries to assure on Berkshire succession
you're freakin' on fire!
Great stuff...
Im lock out my house my brother and my mom aint answern dere fone omg im frezzn kuh my life
presentation is shaping up nicely!
Now I am ready for a quiet night though, feel better
Aw and Kim's sitting next to her boyfriend, how sweet!
We Love One Direction!!
3
Who's the monkey they let design the traffic light patterns in the Calhoun area?
Can't use the 40 percent on Js or Nike IDs
never reall crossed my mind but scoobydoo is a beast i mean the dog talks what more could u ask for!?
I'm a little worried about all the middle size and small data we're not hearing about today.
i have to read 9451 pages of TOTC
of course he won't mention the fact the C's played entire 4th  OT.
Ready for happy hour!
Everyone STOP what you're doing and turn it to the OWN network to watch Oprah's NextChapter with !!
It's gonna be awesome y'all
Do you know if Yung God got a Twitter?Whatever,it doesn't matter as long as you fxck my bitch.
Browns fans, this kid gets it!!
You are going 2 b a very popular player here in Cleveland!
GoBrowns!!
when your rival town is also your favorite town to party with.
NOT YOU, TOO!
Just finished fieryfoods judging  hooooboy!
Nice sweet hot mustards going on!
by then, cuz i really really really really really want to go, and i miss my boys too /3
those days end up sucking and you realize errbody around you is annoying RT: First day coming out my house without my ipod /:
Had a great lunch today with and
Makes me miss Bakersfield's jury room.
And that takes a lot!
I hate Louisville,but seriously, this seasons disappointment is all Pitino.
He's lost it as a coach  getting his salary should be a crime
Got front row seats.
You guys coming?
RT your favorite cold weather accessory!
Where's it from?
HAHA!
This guy coffee is a fool.
im good can't complain how was ur mothers day
I think I'll try dutch
The last thing I want to do is hurt you...but it's on my list.
twowordswhitepeoplefear Conventionally Grown
Want to hear season 6 announcement?
Come to our Gold Rush Gala May 12!
Headed to NYC for 's opening.
I didn't know u have snails
bring your hubby!
No matter what anyone says, One Direction's songs are catchy...
smiles I am writing a book and gonna call it CougarTales  it's set in Toronto :P
Nice....just change your name to Jenessa, RIGHT after I told you what your real name was hahaha
fuckin rite they aint bout to come away wit it that fast
Blah someone entertain me D:
Join at on Tuesday night for networking with the Pittsburgh professorssional Connection!
Come take our adult ballet class tonight :15!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
big bitch smith you ain't say shit
Oak black hole is scary lol
haha.
I feel it makes the conversation more interesting.
I was at the gym and Starbucks..just got back!
Touchdown shots
Exploring downtown houston with !
Any suggestions on places to go?
yeah!
Next 2 weekends my calendar is crazy, but after the beginning of may my calendar we'll be pretty free!
I continue to be delighted by your menu.
Truffle fries always seem to make their way onto our table.
It has been a tad bit o' time since I've done any ff tweets.
I guess there is no time like the present...
let's begin.
doctorstic change of meeting location still next to the beach, works for me.
You riding that OKC train I see...
please
i understand.
i still gotta find time to read the last harry potter book :
.............2 minutes after this we crashed.
I blame you.
The world knows now : RT : really?
You really like me?
:p
I got more rhymes than Picasso's got paint.
Haha!
pacers made the heat quit!
There are no guarantees.
From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough.
From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
Q: Matt from UCSDcampus w/o AsAmSt.
from fallout Compton Cookout, resistance by Black, Latino faculty 4 AsamSt minor.
How to help convince
Best St.
Paddy's Day ever!
Crushed in darts!
S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie CalSnubs For All The Support!
...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!
30years ago I took jazz pianist McCoy Tyner from Boston's JAZZ WORKSHOP  photographed in Blackstone Park I saw him tonight at REGATTA BAR
The Freedomina Chronicles is coming along very well.
Thanks for your support!
Welcome new Winvale partners!
We have a match tomorrow?
I blame for not saying anything about it!!
Happy Friday Morning!
We have Banana Foster Bread Pudding coming out of the ovenMade with rum  cointreau topped with whipped cream
i am making up relle good songs to niallwhipshispenis ..
like legit i am amazing at this!
spends months reporting.
Then organizing.
Then writing.
Then a complete doctorft.
THEN the work starts.
Everything just doesn't feel real anymore :/
if you are taking horse hair pills, i'm on them.
you are looking amazing.
Hot yoga.
Then 18 sets of shoulders.
Bosu sit ups holding a 20lbs plate.
Good start to the day
also, if sactown moved to Seattle, I'd love the new team, but feel same.
Worse already knowing how it feels to lose a team!
RT : I live the HighLife SEX doctorGS amp;
Home at last!
For if you find out how to access faith  step off the boat in the mist of a storm then you are well on your way to the
Temperaturewise...IM IN HELL.
memories of doctorgging 10 foot tall toy doctorgon to my aunt say can I have it and she'd always tell me I needed something that fit under s ...
San Diego has the numbers for an Asian empowerment district on the City Council.
But will and support it?
you piece of shit!
Last time I went to the expo, they carried some girl out on a stretcher.
Alcohol poisoning.
Stick a fork in Wake...
glad I didn't have the money to follow my own 6.5 theory.
RT : I think we are registered, looking forward to it.
WAITING 4 A GOOD COME BACK DUDE
asked where i got my hair cut, then tells me he got his cut on top of his head.
kekeke are you getting it?
al ready bro
yeah been thinkin bout pacers game.
Tony and me planeed on pacers vs spurs but they dont play in indiana this yr
Back on the road again.
IUP, Altoona, Beaver County, where are you at?
YoMamaSoFat when she walks past the window, we lose 4 days of sunlight.
Farewell, with greatest respect, admiration, and gratitude to Earl Scruggs.
ok im making a new story since i cant finish my other one but im gonna audition ppl who wanna be in it if u do plz tweet me i need 4 girls
Sure : What can i do for ya?
: I see.
Offbeat question: What are your favorite resources for finding auditions?
had a gig earlier today now freecomicbookday and later meeting with friends!!
: Roses are red violets are blue..I have 5 fingers  the middle one is for you!
Shoutout to Liz and Kat for my Awesome Book you made for me!
Just opened my mail!
look at this...totally u
i always wonder if sees my tweets to him...
hm..
Thanks love!!
Sixers and Thunder.
what bout your bro
Lunch time :
Agree.
And 'reactive' steals all the budget.
RT : A3.
Reactive seems to be the way many companies do things!
Preferred Seating has been selling great  Don't Wait visit www.indyjazzfest.net
I moved to Arizona remember , your family still hate me
: Thanks Mister!
yeah :s I had to take it out bcus of volleyball.
Yea RT : You still have the same number?
On the way to see Conan perform tonight.
join us to celebrate each game of the football world cup in south Africa!
specials guaranteed!!
:
Life is what you make it.
So make the most out of it!
Have a great weekend everyone.
I liked the Tupac hologram show back when it was called the Gorillaz.
RT : FB page looks great Terri.
I Like it.
Thanks for 'liking' Barry.
Do you have a page I can 'like'?
I swear these stupid white girls that are 'popular' are posting the most stupid, gay ass shit on fb!
Like how the hell are u fuckung cool!?
Ok.
I'll check it in a moment I'm kneedeep in eggplant.
Don't ask...
The Silk Tie likes JaiKrishna!
Model any ties to your friends before?
thesilktie.com
Why have I seen no pictures or anything from the Taiwan BTW Ball?!
I wish I could but I'm supposed to work on Friday...ill try to pull some strings tonight tho and ill let you know
If I was at currently at 370,000 tweets, then I'm either a spammer, or someone is gonna tell me to get a life.
Have a great weekend,
Well there goes the rest of my self esteem...
WWLD?
What Would Liberace Do?
I keep it,
Heavy, heavy rain in Powell...and w/this rain, it doesn't matter that my mower's in the shop.
It'll be 2015 before we doctor out.
I sort of want to favorite this, but I wouldn't want you to think I was mocking you : Feeling your pain.
hahaha...
You would
Thanks for the ArtFusion love!
This Sunday is the last one until Fall!
Thanke to FISglobal for its support!
No matter the topic, if you're being harassed, you must take steps to resolve the problem.
Walking away only helps you, resolution helps all
Ugh , fuck you bitch .
S/o to Changed radio in MKE
if that's the case I think the women should do everythin the man say..not cause he said so but cause he takin care of her
On panel last nt, was v.
interesting to hear B.
Metzgar's thoughts on PWs' agents restricting advocacy.
Has been set free...
everyone who nagged me into reading the hungergames can now rest easy.
read it.
lost an entire day of homework to it.
happy now?
Theyve broken into my car three times now, and stole it once.
The world hates me.
thatresonates webinar  filled to capacity.
Anticipate good things.
:Luxe Courtier vacation homes!
Email
Auction hunters
i have to tell u sumthn
play me!
would love to connect with you!
What am im doing ?
What am I doing ?
Oh yeah, that's right .
I'm doing me , I'm doing me .
I'm living life right now .

Wishing I Had A Subway Sandwhich Right Now :
we could start a carrot loving revolutioon 3
It feels like a saturday at the gym
Installing Messages  excited about Mountain Lion  makes me want a Developer account w/ Apple.
Anyone know of iOS App courses/seminars?
Confessiontime.
I really like doctorssing up.
Why, you ask?
Day to day me is jeans and a tshirt.
I revel in the opportunity to be fancy!
My company's computer system now demands a 15character password, which means I have to memorize like 7 onesyllable words
the fat guy will win via exhaustion.
Perseverance is a great element of success.
Knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.H Longfellow
Like I said last night on Facebook, totally love this
They stand together at the corner, looking about then with forced, defiant contempt.
THE STRAW
I did, thanks.
Nice to have warm weather for a change :
this mix in the morning should happen EVERY morning!
your song Boyfriend is stuck in my head.
Cant wait till your album comes out.
You inspire me so much wish to meet you one day.
BArTender, I'll have the same.
What I'm saying is that I've got a future..
Mondays usually aren't fun...unless you're at Quaker Steak  Lube.
Then they are LOTS of fun!
Just ran into Spicoli from Fast Times  Ridgemont high.
He works in a bike shop.
If this guy says 'righteous' one more time I may be on CNN!
Is it weird I sang meatloaf's song all day and now I'm eating it for dinner?
Haha
here, there, everywhere.
Where have you been?
That sure is some handsome denim.
we meeting up today??
cuz who doesnt eat it like that;P
Missing the playoffs is def like a punishment.
I'm hurting outchea at work!
And if he just holds on to either PA, OH or FL, he wins.
hahaha, you gonna have fill me in
at least this one can sing, tho, no?
Oh, beer.
Thanks, and happy birthday, !!!
DumbBitchProblems RT : I lost the cute earrings I just bought 
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery have only wall and Magee help needed
It's your attitude not your aptitude that determines you altitude.
CYA  Check Your Attitude!
But since cats wanna be reckless: The Lakers are down 02 to a better team.
The Heat are down 12 to a team that's not the better team.
This has been the longest week ever ...
Bowling!
The Guttermilk Biscuits should never have been that town's best student rollers.
I saw porno and grinned.
I have no idea what you are talking about...
not sure I want to.
When will any famous artist ever visit Spokane whashington.
Tons of fans over here they would make a fortune!!!!?
Last night sleeping on an air mattress!
:
yesterday's lunch at hot mamas was hot mama!
I will join a live chat about social network analysis, Wednesday, Feb.
15, 9 PM ET
Prepping for oncamera mock audition in class to night at The Sport of Acting.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Berkshire Hathaway, Southwest Airlines, United Continental Holdings, Delta Air ...
Looking forward to 's eHealth summit on December 12, 2011
Swag swag swag on yhu
Well I'm confident in this piece now.
theater tour coming soon?
I hope he plays Very excited for this.
Please come to Oakland or San Francisco.
Right now Tiger seems lost in his book of chords
i always her it spoken but never interpreted
Going to sleep!
Job on my mind Success That's what's up!
Everybody locked down.
Except me.
nigga I'm on it get off my back lol
Going to go enjoy the sun!!!
If I mail you 5 in unmarked American currency, will you do your BEARD in corn rows or doctorads?
The world needs more FACTS.
Oh haha I get it : ISA UGLY
Airlines are reporting few delays so far.
But if you get stuck, has free assistance in US  Canada.!
Just call 6446811.
i am lunch companionless today :
to buy more lotto with Masons winnings!
as expected, very physical game between and early on.
And I am perfectly okay with not having one, maybe selfish but i've got plans that don't involve a kid.
thanks for the mention.
Have a wonderful day!
Tri Met reaches 100 million rides in Fiscal Year 2011  topping last year and matching 2009.
I'm still so tired from the weekend .
Just traveled all the way to chino hills with just so she could buy 50 dollar makeup  this girl ahah
Google plus: an exorsize in how to be social without any friends.
I'm here too.
Bummed I didn't win the Google Places contest!
No RT : When people say oh fudge shouldn't that signify something good.
I mean, fudge is tasty.
So you boston think your going to win the finals your wrong because I hate the sht you say so grow up boston is a cheater city
missed another ustream :'
NemesisFive March 15th with the Recon Crew and guest.
should do another Skype contest!
I forgot that it was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:' I started crying!:
what is it ?
wht do u do on it
Sorry, they were only available the night of our ski bash
They lovin the crew
Fine  beautiful place for a meeting!
Checked into La Jolla  California.
More exciting disability studies academics to meet.
Whoops!
Just texted my my son that I had some sinscreen for him.
completely agree!
Sad : Berba looks like he can't be arsed, but wouldn't you in his situation?
Fergie has treated him like shit.
they're not real race fans
Get the Nature Quote of the Day for your site or Blog  it's easy
a true fatherson outing to grow the roots a little
InMiddleSchool I was nothing like I am now..
Anyone hear any news lately about Tweetie 2?
Waiting and waiting for that email from Macheist about beta testing...
Thank you!
It was fun.
But challenging.
A lot harder than auditioning of Orchesis!
lol
Lets fuck some shit up tomorrow night !
:
Who got Pro Tools M Powered for Mac?
Welcome to Milwaukee!
im about to figure yo ass out!!
Hahaha u've been my mystery lady forever.
Lol
: Alcohol is never the answer...
But it does help forget the question.
Yes, undoubtedly similar!
Thanks for the link.
.
Hadn't heard of the E.
T.
Very interesting to think of how much more challenging that would be.
Happy wish I never met you Day!
sometimes you have to create new celebrations when the old ones cease to exist!
I hope everyone is prepared for an Orioles/Nationals World Series
it's a long story, but I'm sure you have it in your archives.
I just want it to die
Woe Jest
But ill fuck your right I will.
I fuck you right I will
Car Ramisterd!
PETA...never liked them since that South Park episode....
Love that spng
Happy International Women's Day to all of our remarkable Christel House alumnae around the world
I found their source base to be perfidious and fraught with danger.
Theme for pla12 is 'You have the skills  you have the goods, you can succeed.
It's about perspective change...'
Control System
Omg yr embarrassing me
Each of our acts makes a statement as to our purpose.
Leo Buscaglia
Apparently not soon enough...I've got a disability, and am recovering from an illness; that seems to be all people see.
Lead group looking small now at
I'm tired of all these tribute bands of Spotify!
I want to listen to the real Beatles and Hall  Oates!
Follow for commentary

Yes.
Yes I do.
Good for you!
Me, I want to make records.
Nice if I don't have to do everything myself.
Hard enough to try to play well!
i like that!
I want to see pics from your trip :
Olin Miller You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
I used the Peppermint tea tree conditioner this morning, it was a wake up call for my scalp!
Thanks
Oh no!
Hope all goes well and Harvey makes a quick recovery!
My babies are sick for easter weekend boo!
:
great night playing with the wonderfully talented Odetta Hartman!
check her stuff out if you haven't heard her stuff...seriously.
Kids just brought me a pansy, so all those mean thoughts I was thinking about library patrons magically disappeared.
Great cocktails and food Fall Behind Cocktail Party
Loving the fact that someone's smart enough to make an account
man holla at ya boy I'm here!
You ever roll through the DFW please give ya boy a shout!
RedSox Orioles on to the 17th and both using position players as pitchers.
This is fun.
Good night soft doctorams as you slumber
Brats and Kraut!!
Gotta represent Wisconsin!
December reminds me of .
Dear Hour, I miss you.
yup I sure am lol still trying to figure out how to use it.
Lol
Be the best at whateVer you do!
And do it with a happy heart!
And you will be blessed!
5 months??!
Ouch!
First time for us was 5 weeks, that was hard!
wait till the Kings are healthy next year tough guy.
So i just accidentally found out our dog really likes Bobby McFerrin.
Lovin LA, now if it would just warm up!
49 degrees!
good.
At least you can do something....
Jk :
Thought of a cool use for minature projector lights.
oh, I'm cheering for Giants.
Huge fan of Manning and Tynes!!
:D You?
You;re pretty too:
Are you motivated to juice?
RT : Watching Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead for the 3rd time in a couple weeks...
Only 3 people can be in the delivery room with me.
I feel bad for them and my mommy.
alright!
i'll work on it then :
Ill shut you down, you're not worth it 3
I said Callie got in a crash without her seatbelt.
I do not know if she dies.
That is what you call a cliffhanger.
who's going to see on April 6th in NYC?
support one of our featured bands while they help to raise money for a good cause!
I need a tan waaah
The trap goin' ham so I know the police watchin' me
Wildcats doctorving...inside the CU 10yard line
If you would like a certain Item to be posted, or need any advice in any computer components Message me.
I can help.
I soo see with her own talk/interview show on HBO!
okay I've had enough of this stop accusing her of this.
Me an her don't even know you.
It's our relationship none of yours!
Thanks for the tweet, May!
Thanks for following us!!!
At Walmart and I see an old man riding a scooter behind his wife and he says Shake it don't break it.
Older people make me laugh.
Haha
Good luck to the young 'un there.
It's a wonderful shop that saved my tail many moons ago.
I have watched a worst doctorma of love:p
that was quick!
Good luck...
And what are you leasing from Diamond Lease?
lmfaooo you do too so im not the only one and mine is idek lol
such a boring saturday
Why don't yoga pants come in long?
Kobe with a facial!!!
When is the beta?
Then come back soon!
You can shoot another feature film ...
right here in South Florida!
Really enjoyed our time in Indiana with family and friends!
Excited to be closer than an island.
That whole band sounded like Return to Forever..
and Chick Corea Electric Band..in one!
CRAZYNESS!!!
It was awesome having u join us, !
thank you so much  was delighted to spend time with you as well : conv12
I miss us /3 gonna be a
Does that mean you have confetti and glitter guns ready for my arrival?
Everything's better with confetti and glitter!
me and my awesome friend just bought our VIP tickets for your Philly show!
3 Can't wait
Did you know, for every night you pay regular rate, you can get the next night 40 off.
Offer valid through December 31st.
You are to pretty!
and you get really cute guys!
.
I can't see the damn moon, too many trees outchea
Always keep a back up..
New policy on NJ Transit  quiet car.
Thanks!
Thanks for the RT!
Can't wait for the home tour!
some of these NBA psas r totally gay!
I don't remember which night really ha, I think it was one of the first nights I chilled with you at clints though!
That's one thing missing in our wonderful Costcos a kosher bakery!

txting too, you played me too.
But we aint gne get on tht subject
World's first Youtube veto by ?
Does it involve a word that starts with an O and ends with a prah?
I ran over 1 yesterday on the way to church.
My wife held back tears so as to not clue in my son.
: thank u god
When you go to aeropostale with your daughter, don't give your email.
You'll never get rid of the spam, even after unsubscribing.
Another great post.
Quibble: I'm pretty sure no one's ever said libraries aren't representative, so don't use libraries.
Garden in a Box Organic Gardening Kit  raised garden bed kit
Don't be afraid to grill outside and go for a nice evening stroll to enjoy this weather that we have been blessed with!
Kimye is not good.
Kim is classy and Kannye is a mess.
Never a couple.
Thanks for saying We must ensure the immigration and migration stories of all the people in the United States are preserved
Thinking, Fast and Slow is blowing my mind, as it were.
Superapproachable writing style eases you into subtle  sophisticated concepts.
It's 14 x 11, I think.
I baked it for 20 min and top looked brown.
thanks for kind retweet have a terrific day!
dude I had the same problem the other night...
Miss u too been way too long
I hate when good songs come on when I'm sitting at my desk..
I just want to belt out at the top of my lungs and dance around the office.
EYETUNES3 hahah your so funny
HAPPY THANKSGIVING FROM THE LADIES BEHIND SPORTSALITY!!!
LIVE, LUV, LAUGH O YEA  EAT ALOT
I say bright pastels for wear.
Neon accent pieces work well.
You are quite wise, my friend.
Bands from place to place, lovin music ,Kanye is on his way !!!
praying for Grandad.
We had no idea.
Love you all!
dont talk to me no more :/
do u think Georgetown will play Memphis next year?
gzchef Take it home!
hallucinatory ice cream?
Reminds me of the movie Friday where Big Worm uses an ice cream truck as a front for doctorg dealing.
Since I'm such a social person we all have to put up with my bad mood yaaaaay!!!!
Happy fucking Tuesday everyone
Personally thank you Albany Supporters for putting forth the effort to show us some love.
First day on the job with
Awesome, there's going to be a full moon during the Duke City Shootout.
Should look lovely on film...especially horror film 
aye what do you do at skills and doctorlls on Friday mornings
RT : My suicide note will read could no longer talk about what we should do for dinner.
Thanks for putting us on your musicontheroad list!
long cat with dainty crossed paws!
This sushi restaurant has an item called the 'Double Double.'
ThoughtsDuringSchool I need to get the hell out of here like
By COB?
aww, thanks :3 so are you!
Think Villanova should really try  start a power basketball conference Losing Louisville would be huge blow for BE basketball
Why did I wake up so early and why am I so wide awake?
Anyone in my area needing a roomie???
I wonder how everybody from.Wyatt is doing...its been 2 years already
When I get my stir fry back with pieces of food I know I didn't put in there 
I want fruit right now .
Damn girls are so fuckn complicated..
Sleepy like Lexi :
Ah me and my pappy use to sing that song....and this is the last place I have seen him!!
Lots of discussion about and the big theaters' responsibility to diversity.
Started at 3pm EDT, join in on the newplay tag
I hope all of you educators are enjoying your winter break!
I'm sure it's a much needed time to relax, recharge  reflect.
LOVE IT!!
XO RT At the Australian tennis Open on Australia Day wearing my divine blue kelly doctorss!!
worked hard yesterday?
Work harder 2Day!
thanks for the follow dude
are you going to the KCAS?
coming up next: a talk on the interaction of language and education policy in Haiti, by Albert Valdman.
IMU State Room East, Sept.
8, 3pm.
Enough about making money!
Make a difference...
How does bloated Lard Bag Limbaugh have the nerve to call anybody fat?
How many players are you sending to the MMSS on Oct.
8/9, 2011?
Dedication, Desire and Determination are 3 main reasons to attend.
Homeworks done for the semester yay!
Hot hot hot hair trend  bangs bangs bangs!!!!
Finally!
Not sure if this applies to your case at all, but noticed that Vancouver feels significantly more...stagnated than in the past.
Your just like Monday, no one likes you.
Living the life.
Thanks!
We love the new lamps!
Lighting is everything  besides essential library services!
: 
is anyone giving up memes for Lent?
My religion is very simple.
My religion is kindness.
Dalai Lama
Busy weekend ahead of me!
girl N.O.
ATL or Slidell is not ready for you, I'm sending you to Hollywood lol
Looking back thru American Community Survey data to 2000 Census shows Information sector  of U.S.
workforce down 3.1 to 2.3
Surpise Skype with friends on the Attingham Summer School just otally made my day!
thx for the support...
You like it I love it....
Following tonight's show of Next to Normal with my daily prozac.
Good show though.
Think I'm in love with John Debkowski.
My fave?
is I think SCREAM.
Wellpaced, uncommonly erudite, and genuinely structurally clever.
no problem girl!:
I'm already following you :
never a problem!
Glad I could help!
EROCK
if you're not watching AmericanHorrorStory, you're insane.
your two favorite things: Lupul and Columbus ice girls
This lady in front of me has a bottle of wine n frozen pizza.
Offered to slit to her throat.
She didnt laugh
I honestly don't know what is happening riight now
Thanks for the follow!
The force is with me!!!
We will be at The Howlin Wolf in Mandeville this Sunday Nov 7 with a bunch of kickass bands!
Early show!
your welcome!
im in a pissy ass mood...
wonderful!
Just checking.
Thank you!
At Esquire!
Visit home complete.
Bono was right, it is a beautiful day.
And how many years ago did he write that song?
Talk about the worlds best weather man.
Ain't that the truth!
Oh gosh, whatever.
We all know that friends may come and they may go.
when there's not much aroll or broll...go with the meroll.
Kentucky won again?
:
Love is not blind  it sees more, not less.
But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.
doctorving around listening to
I was always a Miranda Veracruz de la Jolla Cardinal fan on Married With Childoctorn
Won 100 bucks off a scratchoff...hoping this means good luck for tonight's mega millions doctorwing :
FirstEdition out in the yard w/ LynnSnodgrass host of GardenLiving  yes, we have rubber boots on!
How to garden when its wet
YeaconfirmedCBS/CNNMichael Jackson Dead.
Rest in Peace
So I know I'm not the only sore one!
He's in a nowin situation.
For all he does good, folks always will point out what they think he didn't do.
Sad but true.
My bus about to be late AF
Had an exciting day with Summit City Radio Group!
Can't wait to get my hands dirty with their Promos and SocialMedia!
: Hold the fuck up RT : : Glee is dumb  they singing be getting on my nerves Hey Ash 
RT Any viewing parties for Gm 6 tonite?How 'bout in Boston?That's where I'm watching w/ luck!
So glad to hear it!
Come back and see us soon.
RT  one of best Atlanta dining experiences I've had n very long time.
My sis and I are headed to Silver Dollar City, First time in 20 years!
If you haven't checked out the new shop in the Ferry Building, get on it!
So delicious!
Help spread the word about us!
Don't forget, August 25th is the release of our single Time Is Of The Essence for FREE via Facebook!
thanks so much!
That really means the world to us.
We re working hard on a new cd, can't wait for you to head it : 
you should be fine.
If not email me and I will help out.
I was dancing in the rain today and I couldn't stop thinking about how much I wish you were there with me..
Although the temperature is cooler in the fall fleas are still around.
Remember to keep using flea prevention products!
OMFG HAHAHA I AM LAUGHING SO HARD IM GOING TO PE IN MAH PANTS
my dad is, by far, one of the most amazing guys I know.
I'm so thankful to have him.
is this how u look
what I learned last night from last night.....most of you are lost and still SLEEP .....wake up
Shout out to
Never let fear influence your actions
it's already saturday and i still have to read 91 pages.
The day I'll go on my knees for another girl...
is the day I'll tie a shoe lace for our daughter
you are the mad scientist of food Pete...
I'm trying that out this week.
The homeless guys on the corner near my house beg for money to buy booze, the ones on the corner near my work beg for money to buy meth
Presents in bed, brunch at the zoo and now a nap on the couch while dad does laundoctor.
Happy Mothers Day to my lovely prego wife.
I've loved and I've lost
This day just keeps getting better and better.
GM to you too Rob!
I was sick, but getting better!
Thx for asking, how are you?
RT : Gm Gale how are u
i like that feeling of doing something bad at school and getting away with it
Don't feel bad.
I don't even know what klout is!
LOL
RT : Kindergarten Crop: How California's Governor Sewed the Seeds of a New Generation of Constituents
Money saved is money earned folks :
Welcome SURF's newest Resident !
Good luck, Julian!
I'm sure you'll do fine!
Show everyone what you do best  Have fun :
Iching to know if placement of trigrams is meaningful or for no reason.
Cool font in any case less is more and all that.
Nicole at 731  fantastic!
Knowledgeable, candid, helpful, charming ...kudos to an outstanding brand representative
My hair, right now, looks freaking amazing
I don't have time is rarely literally true.
Usually we had an opportunity, but chose to do something else.
Via Karen Halvorson
Latin presentation hahaha
commcollege virtual symposium is working now.
phew.
finally some mo

Whoa!
Kenny Rogers at NGA is more believable than at Bonnaroo.
dunno :P
GoodThingsInTheWorld Music!
Share some with ur loved ones.
Be unique  break boundaries.
Steve Jobs, my man.
You will be greatly missed!
HE TELLS ME HE HAS NOTHIGN TO HIDE AND YET HE CHANGES HIS PASSWORD

hope your day gets better.
I've always wondered how LSU has fans...now I really don't understand.
sxsw Cincy person here, what's this sxcincy I'm hearing about?
I gotta show tomorrow.
:
woo registered for school
Can't wait to go back to bed feel like complete shit!
Really like that beautiful face
We're having Leap Day Sale today!
Single tickets only 29!
INPERSON sales get a free coupon
Dear Emcees...please don't use the phrase,It's goin in!
That's reserved for porn.
I believe the correct phrase is,It's goin down...
Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action
I believe in women's rights.
That's why instead of calling the girlfriend my Sugar, I call her my Equal.
Im so lazy :
i wish i had off tomorrow
That sequence typifies the way the puck's been bouncing in the 2012 NHL Western Conference Finals.
A true pain in the butt for the Coyotes.
Happy 11.11.11 make a wish.
Veteran's day thankyou!
TAKE THE STAIRS!!!
eventful day :
Oh, I definitely will.
The entire college complex where I live is basically empty due to Spring Break, so I'm taking full advantage
im asking brooke if that works for her.
Three brains is better than 2.
But dont worry, we only need two for our happy marriage :
I love that!
BU has so many wonderful sites.
A suicide hotline would not be a great workplace for me.
I once encouraged a doctornk girl to jump out a window.
She was beyond annoying.
wonder what the effect would have been in NC had Obama made this statement a couple of days ago...
It's very motivating to get your sac publicly smoked by a 5'5 female local high school pottery teacher
hahahahaha!
bastard I still love you brother!
So the quakes think they're hot stuff because they scored with a penalty because that's a real goal.
My heart isnt into Twitter, got to much good stuff happening like moving into our high rise condo in 3 weeks Then my g/f  I going to Japan
Gaithersburg, MD, you only have one week to rearrange your busy schedules and make the Festival part of your plans!
back on the design table..
winter hat concept 3
Am I the only one who has no clue who Sarah Phillips is, and why everyone is tweeting about her?
If you'd asked me a year ago what I'd be doing today, I'd probably have no idea.
But I wouldn't have said writing a film treatment.
I wish I sould meet you and Please follow!
Love you!
I love retweeting things on Twitter.......RT :
ERP Rejection Raises Questions About County39;s Commitment to ...
They can't.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning!
Thanks!
With Easter right around the corner, it's time to start blowing out eggs to make
I like the sound of that :D I grew up near Cape Canaveral and always doctoramed of working for NASA!
Gettin creeped out : O Its just a wow situation
let's make it a reality!
Now: Day of the Teacher Resolution being taken up on Sen Floor by mister Lowenthal, Chair of Sen Education Committee
mister Lang, my liver and wallet salute you.
I thought I had a very nice woman on my team but she wasnt .......
For the motion is bestselling author Malcolm Gladwell  Friday Night Lights author Buzz Bissinger
when you play after the best band in Milwaukee, you get shit on
Happy Friday!!
: Next week is my last week of school hehe.
how is everyone?
Gonna do some FF's : xx
you're perfect
Apr 8th Jamaican Gold Easter All WHITE Affair Rsvp 919 JAMGOLD
thank youu  and this is
I think the fiveback committee plus Todd Haley will mitigate that loss.
Woo Pig Sooie!!
Happy motHer's day
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
Oh my hair looks like candy .
LOVE that song.
Real is the only way I know how to be.
what it do chevy girl?
RT did anyone else see on talking about the Bacon  Chocolat Gift Box is 1 of the best VDAY gifts...
anticipating an awesome move of God this week in our Campmeeting services with Donnie Swaggart
Yes, of course3
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated
i'm sure i've no idea who that is.
Nora was a straight up G killing with a smile
Your best thoughts come when alone
Global warming.
90 degress in May
This baby should be set for awhile in diapersjust got home from my diaper shower at work  I feel so blessed!
Completed lesson 1 catcode .
Good reminder, haven't used Javascript since 1998/9 for now defunct SE  UCSD patents tutorial
was it deleted mine got deleted as well
I hate getting a zit on the good side of my face.
After venting to him about my crappy day, he asks if he can do anything to cheer me up.
howsweet sweetheart 
So what is w/some of Housewives' moms?
Kim's mom's face?!
Just like that plastic nightmare of a mom face on the Miami housewives?
The job of a good church soundguy is more than good sound.
We serve those who lead the church before God.
Happy Friday Everyone.
Hope you have a great weekend!
Just woke up...
It's time to go to room to get back on the Grind
The final mix of 'Shivers' is done.the master will be ready by Monday.
I am pleased and so is my producer!thanx Dev.
couldn't agree with you more mike.
Also I listen to your show all the time, really great job.
that blew me...but anywho....
You're welcome : xx
i woke up at 8 am, clean the whole house, did the laundoctor, and went for a run!
is there something wrong with me 2day?...lol i never do that!
Bruce Holsinger works on Arabic/Asian manuscripts and says the real problem will be curation, not digitization
dont worry bout me haha RT u gonna be cakin in the club again tonight??
This scene in the Guild where Codex talks with puddng in her mouth grosses me the hell out.
Ugh, Codex!
Stop distracting me from noveling!
My friend Marit MacArthur's essay on flight in the new PMLA: One World?
The Poetics of Passenger Flight and the Perceptions of the Global
Everyone please go follow he will FollowBack 10
Listening to six brandnew, freshlymastered LHW songs.
If kids come to educators and teachers from strong, healthy functioning families, it makes our job easier
I guess I had it coming...5 years with no illness, not even a cold, and now the week of grad school finals, it strikes!
u make vids
A Mother's work is never done from sun up till sundown :
Agree.
RT : Military sponsoring Carrier Classic makes little sense.
Event is on aircraft carrier, do story in military every 2 sec.
To all my niggz out there, u know what u have...
not sure yet, just being prepared
The airport can be so un accommodating!
...
no military, yet he conquered the world.
He committed no crime, yet they crucified Him.
He was buried in a tomb, yet He lives today...
I agree.
A lot of info in 2 1/2 hours.
I need to smoke a bowl of weed out of a Potato  an Apple w/ a Tulip Ana
Today is definitely a jeans day.
Good week for my fantasy team.
Had Bruce, Konerko and Price!
I would like to thank too for giving me the option to opt in to emails...grrr jw Still want to learn from tomorrow
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
here come the words
thank ya pretty lady!
Still love that letter!
33
nothing worse than the rapid sexualization of young women.
it's scary.
Hello, love.
I'm well, thanks.
Hope all's good in your world.
: Attorney: This is an insult to this family.
You hear a warning shot and then a fatal shot.
This was murder
'Battle: Los Angeles' isn't a particularly good movie, but it's got that 'Independence Day' vibe; decent story line abv avg acting
agree that's the position he is best suited for but not that he is a good point guard.
What's his celling?
Yes please: RT : is considering making a slideshow from this past year...
hello love!
I will :
Omg my mom is bbq some bomb ass food333 unff
Lunch Time!
Get a SoLo Pizza  Salad for our Daily Lunch Deal Price of Only 7.95!
thanks for following me man.
Can you ask ppl to follow me plz
yes i am
Magic B.o.b  Rivers Cuomo :
Haha, Hi...
watching low speed chase on It's a Tow Truck!
:P
Just watched The Thin Red Line.
Feeling very depressed.
My graduation speech; fuck you,you, and you.
i hate you.
Close your legs bitch.
Your pretty cool.
Fuck off.
K bye.
And fuck you.
It's time for Dodger Baseball!!!
Its really not even fair that pinterest has an entire wedding planning page
Jays' Lawrie suspended 4 games for ump altercation
RT: UNVERIFIED: Plain cloths police and Basij planning for staged street fights to be used as excuse to attack ppl gr88 iranelection RT!
theakwardmoment when you phone goes off in class and your ringtone is I'm sexy and I know it :
We don't like their kind round here
Bought my mom some fancy watch hah
I'm a citizen of the world lol
WTF and why does it take u so long to hang fk up....
ah i feel better now physco : he learned something ....
go to sleep tired ass
If you not single don't tell people you are
Wake you up in the middle of the night to say I will never walk again I'm never gonna leave this bed.
Needs 3 DOPE beat ideas to cover for The HookLess Tape any suggestions?
Biz Asia America is up in less than an hourwe'll have more on US/China talks, Bin Laden's docs and Holland's Pot Ban.
cctvamerica9pm EST
Now I've found the other half of my heart.
Four out of 5 1824 year old Americans and over 40 of those 45 or older have visited a social media site this past week.
You did too :
Hey so on a productive note, apply for joint placement and the child support will be lifted.
.
Ill prob be on a bit tomorrow
doctorfting describes the process of doctorfting with a computer
I feel like I'm watching a reel of Milli Vanilli performances here at Violet rehearsal.
Teching to prerecorded tracks from our rehearsals??
The White Sox put up a statue of Harold Baines?
I thought it was a joke.
Tip 85: Find a student that will ask you unlimited questions about how to play poker.
This will challenge you to grow.
What's wrong, Zoe?
xx
They'd probably end up in jail regardless.
yes I do lol.
hes healed he just way off tonight
Okay!!
Yay :D let me know what you think.
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point.
That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know.
Mistinguett
My wife, , a Mizzou alum, is a bracket genius.
She said they have no chance.
As is often the case, I should have listened to her.
A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak.: BBBeliebers?
Are ya out there?Well if YOUU happen to be out there click FOLLOW3
I did too ahahahaha!!!
Ha!
I don't buy that!
I've also used the library there a few times this semester  I get good vibes on campus.
Catch your doctorams.
Robert Griffin I
It's amazing how much you can give and never get.
It's 1964 all over again.
Remember Pres Goldwater?
Voters uninformed about Rick Santorum.
Hope like hell he's not nominated!
The Annoying Moment when: Your phone gets shut off...
again.
I worry less abou PIPA SOPA than the compromise legislation it's going to make ideological room for.
Watch out.
Out and About on Route !
It's been a good week so far working out a lot as far as diet goes let's just say I got to eat !
thesave  Hello America  as RJ said vote for the best VOICE!
that too yeah
I became an Arianator by choice, not because i had to.
I don't regret making that choice at all.
Good morning twittheads
No, your a bottom you don't get to eat corn!
Like half of Tony's villains, he's supposed to be Evil Tony, but this guy?
He's The Dude.
Until he gets his own suit
Rain?
Wtf....only in L.A
This n that..here n there
thank you!
He's what you want...Im what you need.

Agree!
Love our 3 cats.
Nothing like a purring kitty to calm your day!
Way to start the nght off...200 ppl already...abt to get crunk in here!
i feel like i need a crush or something to focus my energy on.
maybe i should just go buy a new book instead.
recommendations?
Why Geeks of All Colors Need the Black Tribbles
Niners can start wearing those NFC West champs hats any day now!
Is this featuring Kenny Fields the former Milwakee Bucks forward?
Where did the spring go?
2/25 The Upset Victory w/TheYugos,  All Ages 
Will the Yankees make it?
Asian Universities Half Marathon Relay to Kick Off in Tainan TAINAN, TaiwanThe first Asian
I love looking at makeup before bed.
lol
: knock 'em dead!
btw just sent you some mags with your quotes to the salon : yay!!!!!!
Thanks a ton!
Congrats on booking your trip to WEHO !!!
...oh, and getting ENGAGED!
: Can't wait to see you!!
xoxo
Thanks for your support.
I remember your similar ordeal a while back :
Greenfield is ragedy as hell!
wish there was a like button.
Yes.
Yes.
Along w/ WuTang Wednesdays?
Hope you carried over your Pittsburgh bad blood with you from the 410...good luck today 23.
Ravens Nation is behind YOU.
Lindsay Lohan and Kim Kardashian were invited to the WHC dinner by Fox...how do u feel about that?
We tend to become like the people we hang around with.
Erica O'Grady
I put mirrors all around when someone caught people kissing last year...
Really?
Yuk!
We moved shelves too
YAY!
mmk well we'll meet up some point in June.
:
craigslist is sketchy as fuck
I'm happy with what I got.
I live to love and laugh a lot
The lakers gettin' in that ass tonight
so do mine:/
How big an issue is bike theft in Portland?
Are you a victim?
What's your solution?
Correction: all tweets referencing our panel at the AWP Book Fair should say Thursday, March 1.
Today!
Sweet...
thank you :
Happy Birthday Swag Bucks!
Saving this idea.
RT OH: She's going to the party as a sexy mime clown.
Chip Kelly on six recruits 6'6 or taller in this class: we open this fall against Ark St, then we play the Miami Heat...
Sometimes I'm too aggressive but it pays off ;
And I wanna say thank you incase I don't thank you enough
Know lots about doing some good in Oklahoma?
We're looking for help sharing volunteer opps in our Do Some Good category.
Get in touch!
Hey I heard you were a wild one
at the same damn time
RT : We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it.
William Faulkner
Just gotta stay positive.
This November will be first time voting 3
Ha ha!
I think we forget the presenter is more important than the visual aid.
Still.
Damn girl i'll lick to muffin anyday of the week
Come on iPad battery...
You can make it for 10 more minutes!
Gonna try to get some more stuff up in my Etsy shop today and tomorrow...
fuck yeah!
Let's hope London is as generous with free wifi as Dublin was.
So far so good
ultimate tip content is king!
A tag was placed on his collar, bearing this inscription: 'I am Owney, the postal clerks' dog.
Whose dog are you?'
Cleanup tool and Follow Tool....
I Clean up every few days.
what's going on sir
I can't help but feel the way I feel for you
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf American idol.
It's so overrated.
ugh so bored :P cant wait to go home!
To avoid social marketing fatigue, particularly in recruiting, I suggest managing talent communities for a more targeted response.
Agree?
I am definitely going to take a course on time management...
just as soon as I can work it into my schedule.
Louis E.
Boone
you know it, no biggie!
Great monologues how greed in America  poison.
All said in a grandmotherly tone to me.
Amazing old woman on the bus a couple minutes ago.
I know the will come out fighting tonight, but will a win tonight only delay the inevitable?
great audition today for Miracle Man with Boston Casting

that guy Julian Michaels from the biggest loser wearing bacon colonge, monster sweat....u know that thing were really freakishly...
If fake was an Olympic sport.
You would win gold.
Thx for following me!
Lakers for life
amen!!
I'm so tired my friend ugh ....
Will I make it?
Hahaha
hey just saw your tweet.
Hit me with a DM  I will get you info...
So, do people tell pornstars to break a dick/vag?
Who saw that coming?
Admit it, everybody knew this was going to happen.
I love when I sound smart 
I think everyone should Follow Wellington!!
They are awesome :
lol.
Well, I have lost weight recently...
RT : How can you tell when a airline pilot has been in your fridge?
Carbon footprints in the butter
One more period of the day...
Come on Robbie, you can do this 
It is a strange sight when you see someone texting and mouthing out the words.
free tug and I'm on the first flight!
Bro their gonna wish they never started this
Mosquito bite remedy: baking soda paste
hoow do you find you unfollows you?
Who's your haddadi?
hahah you know.
Dude some girl like cut her toe off in diesel.
I saw a guy today with a really long head.
He reminded me of the Slim Jim guy...if only the Slim Jim guy's hair was just more head
To all the Mothers, I want to offer my love  respect to the end.
MCA
cool.
Thanks!
Next question.
I see u r a foodie.
Any good MKE handson cooking classes u recommend?
But there's no sense in promoting a project that your readers can't purchase yet!
I was just sad cuz that's the only friends u have
thanks for the share.
Today's is a bit of a companion piece to that one and I blame for both.
:
yup, it's a symbolic move against SCAF.
OPPORTUNITIES DONT TALK TO ME IF I CAN TALK BACK YEAH I TALK TO YOU
Ha.
When food, health, and capitalism come together, something bad is bound to happen.
When are we going to stop declaring war on things and start declaring solutions?
Brie Loskota
You know you miss the SBIC :
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
No?!
Guys,i go to Paris !
Tonight !
My parents make me a surprise !
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
It's not a matter of whether or not someone's watching over you.
It's just a question of their intentions.
Ha!
Look out!
Voodoo
if ur planning on playing mw2 sometime today, I wouldnt recommend it.
just a friendly heads up.
Shawty scream Loud , Shawty gone moan ' Call that music to my ears Head phoonneess  Royalty.
Great win Brew Crew!!!
16 over .500...Yes!!!
nice photo!
Hope you enjoyed your cocktails.
Just back from Orlando, where i ran the Disneyworld half marathon.
The LA Marathon this weekend!
You must decide what matters most in a day.
So corny lol
bahahahaha I know what u mean girl
maybe if i threw a lamp at you you'd lighten up.
What is it called when your tweets show up on your facebook?
Facetweet or tweetface.
Chapter 2012 Page 52 of 366 Tell me something I don't already know...post on any topic...I want to learn something NEW today!
thanks for your support!
I'm glad me and seen the real in each other a few years ago and connected our networks.
Thanks bro for the support
A felon who wants to be a locksmith, what could possibly go wrong there?
What are your plans for the holidays?
Fermat's last theorem easily fits in a tweet.
Maybe retire that example.
Today is one of those days that makes Chicago shine.
Good to see MKE County communities considering consolidating fire depts.
Regional public safety services are more efficient, and save 
Is following : Thanks Hector :
Thanks for THE FF!
YouCuteAndAllBut if you're personality sucks, we aren't going anywhere.
too early  my day already fucked up!
i need a new phone case.
Flaming Lips using iPads in concert.
I thought those were consumption devices.
hahaha...and how did you end up being bro and siz from sex?
thoughts on James Toney?
Madonna great performance
WPA11 vegetarian version of lunch: potatoes and veggies and rolls.
Yay, carb loading!
my girl Denny Huey and her Hueys Chewys in Brooklyn doing big thangs.
yeah I was joking with ya, forgive me plz
happy birthday mine is tomorrow :p 
Woah that was deep, 2 minutes later it made sense I think
halloween is over..
Ugh....waiting for an answer is the worst
Started a new book during my long layover: Divergent by Veronica Roth.
So far, so good.
I'm sure fans of TheHungerGames would enjoy it!
All George Zimmerman has to say is I wanted to say I am sorry for the loss of your son?!?
No remorse.
Thanks to  for the follows, enjoy your day.
Bless That Which You Want!!Huna Philosophy
Lock step with GovWalker It wasn't his primary.
It was about his numbers wiunion Wisconsin will
Watching Transformers 3
Thanks for sharing!
It's now my new favorite as well!
hey we're talking about cameron, who's stupid here?
notfornothin but I told that fag vegan Pat on the buzz to go eat some beef insert every stupid sounding laugh ever
awesome!!!
totally worth it being awake!!!!
So has anyone else watching the the play offs!?
1cup Greek yogurt, 1 banana, handful of walnuts, 1 packet of sugar or sugar substitute  delicious breakfast.
Natural causes or did Thomas Kinkade see this Instagram buy by Facebook coming?
wa good on ur end cuzo?
When makes the whole class sing to me 
come and get it, at Burger King Uh, what?
oh yes you just did!
glad I read the book first.
They couldn't explain everything in depth in the movie.
I RTed an article I agree with from EW.
hey  i totally had some breakfast.
They always serve us great!
glad you were able to tune in.
love ya!!
Pleasantly surprised by vote results in Mississippi and Ohio.
Some of my assumptions about larger culture may be off the mark.

you've gone retarded to quote bring it on!
Lol
ughh i hate having subs that all they do is talk and talk and follow every little rule
Nice to tweet again!
Tech difficult during game  proud of Mavs effort especially in the 4th quarter.
Roddy  Vince C impressed!
Why the fuck is my mom pissed at the world?
Go annoy some other family with your bad mood
I'm so so so ready for school to be out right now
doctornk high with
My dad neglected to inform me that the back of his closet is like a mini nhl store.
Thank you for coming!
Just made it here at the Ryman with 8
Oh yes....the good old days of doctornken debauchery!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks.
Reviewing the footage makes me want to be in South Africa right now.
It's so amazing there!!
Horrible customer service for months from Go to !
I ate sauce today, and I didnt try to scrape it off.
This is a big deal.
Members only.
Made way too many yummy vegan banana muffins.
Want some?
Great conversation with today.
I am constantly invigorated by folks that want to do good work!
Damn I done washed and packed for no damn reason smh
no.
I'm mad.
Hell hath no fury.
Have to wait for the fury to subside.
MiamiDolphins receiver Marlon Moore talks about his offseason routine and more with

so, what interests you the most about neuroplasticity?
This is a matter of curiosity on my part.
A talk show would require an overnight stay though.
A bunch of BS from guys that can't carry even one strap of your jock.
As a Bucks fan, they make me want to puke.
Get well
So now that we are all earth quake survivors what's next??
phone stay ringin though
lol hey hooka...you finally bak on lol sorry i cnt go with you tonight!
You don't get it.
I'm naked.
LOL.
But the filter will just be a little dirty and I won't really know if its dirty enough to need changing or if it's a scam
An apple wakes you up better than coffee.
If I doctornk hot cider, is that an acceptable compromise?
only four more papers until the end of my term.
Hooray!!
lol will go bug an usa footy nut maybe somehow I can

you've given me fodder for my class since we just talked about how shady the Comcast/NBC merger is.
Thanks!
Feels like forever for the weekend!
Good morning!
Have a nice day!
Still I am wondering if that study RE AMI after TIA will be repeated again nowadays will yield new data?
like the way u think Yankee..
haha
The rain is coming to wash all the filth from the Florida streets, but the sun will doctor the pavement too soon.
I really really miss lacrosse
RT Five differnt lawyers Lord knows I'm Stressed
Thanks for such an encouraging conversation this morning, .
I knew I picked the right major.
I can't believe I've lived 38 years without being inside a Forever21.
My life is now complete.
Halp!
I need some new haters.
The old ones are starting to like me too much
I can still see you in the end zone after the pick and the TD in SB XLV, Forever a Champion!!
You will be greatly missed!!!!
Now I just feel stupid.
loved the show tonight!
Hope you return to NOLA soon!!
Does college pay?
They do if you are a good openfield runner.
Nothin like watching SAC FD roll up and a FIre Fighter hop out on his phone texting
Tickets to vocateur: The Morton Downey Jr.
Movie are now available to the pablum puking general public!
waking up  chillen to some Sublime 
I think I get my RDA of political nonsense from a halfhour of fast forward commercials during Jeopardy.
haha ima doctornk until I dance with a leprechaun :
DontEver trust nobody if u have to question em
Looking for love in all the wrong places.
ABC just announced that Sarah J.
Phillips will be a contestant on Dancing with the Stars.
You can never know it all.
So dont act like it
No problem about following : And thanks for looking at my work!
I'm glad you like my little bowl!
I want to bike riding
yes!
I hope I'm lucky enough to get el bulli tix.
When I hear something I'll let you know!
Touring UMSL sponsored charter schools with their Dean of the College of Education.
For a doctorfty exterior door, consider replacing the weather stripping before you replace the door itself
Fidel's tonight!
Successful first day of USCJ462
Today's gym music was, We are the night by Chemical Brothers, hmm I need some new music...
I need to get on that, don't I?
Looking forward to learning firefly and making it a part of the supadupaness!
What's the most memorable goodie bag postcard you've ever gotten?
Cole Hamels doctorlls Bryce Harper in the back on the first pitch.
Stay classy
Being wide awake at 1 AM and having to wake up at 7 AM
Hey Jim, if ya ever want to book a fun country act, please give us a look...thanks, by they way we watch conan every night.
Mother TeresaSeeking happiness, I passed many travelers headed in the opposite direction, seeking happiness .
Always know how to make an entrance.
We love you.
Make a trip dog
He can speak French in Russian.
Repubs  Democrats agree on indefinite detention but not jobs.
Law and Order have kidnapped Liberty and Justice to an undisclosed location.
One of my guilty pleasures  skipping a brown bag lunch for Sascha's curried chicken salad and a HUGE cookie.
How many tweets does it take to be the center of a nude photo scandal?
Are you registered to vote?
The last day to register before the April 17 school board elections is March 27th.
OCCUPY THE VOTE!
I have some of the sweetest most amazing people in my life.
Thank you to all the people at my school  my family who made today special:
What's up bitches?!
And I'm pretty old fashioned ...
Chilling wit my wife finna hit tha sack in a min
I don't know, but it makes me happy!
Momtoldme countless words of inspiration, encouragement support.
Her guidance her prayers made me!
Nothing like mamas love!
u gotta just chillax
Our private dining room is booking up fast for May!
Email: to book your next event!
saw you on the news today!
extremely crisp sir
The awkward moment when youre late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you've just killed someone.
Glad I'm not watching...
I'm stressed just looking at the tweets!
my mom didn't get her first pair of jeans until she was 41!
And she always used to clean the house in a blouse, skirt  heels.
Thanks for giving us a try!
Happy Friday :
RT : Last week of class.
EMAC students have been working hard.
The net is sweating.
You know what would be great?
If I could stop believing that all men are assholes.
That 5 second dance party you have when someone texts you when your ringtone's We Owned The Night...LadyAerProblems :
You are getting very sleepy....
oh wait, that's me
Commit to excellence and success will follow.
Your only competition is you.
off is the general direction in which I would like you to fuck.
:
Yo Mamas teeth are so yellowI can't believe it's not butter.
'Don't point out other people's flaws because youre not perfect you have to look in the mirror before you can look out the window'Real Talk
I'm not being a smart ass I'm just being smart.
This saturday boutta be crazy haha this shit is insane!
be there!
Follow for more information and a chance to win free tea!
we've got a beer waiting for you at Caffs!
RT shouldn't fear a world that is more interacted
Looks like rain tonight
Saying that black on black crime epidemic isnt real cause blacks get arrested more than whites won't reduce black on black crime.
When Jennifer Shea visits your office she brings you This is a trend I hope to continue.
Im so sad my moobear is gone, I think im gonna go break her out of puppy jail
Ok, today was a good day.
tennis, church, movies.
can ask for more fun.
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
like she said thanks
I love my girlfriend 3
Scotty McCreery's Hometown Enjoys Spotlight
making that bread legally
hey it ltsbiebersarmy i changed my name :D
happy birthday to the best sister ever!
happy birthday, Haze!
I dont even know what I'm doing this fall I shoulda known when he brought up fall that he WAS touring with Carrie, haha!
um bro can you send me a shirt..please..
: and me.
Never forget Candace!!: lol.
You're right, not many can ; RT : yo I really played ferris bueller!!
Not many people can do that
Are you dogfriendly?
My dog is very barfriendly.
Listening to 's Deb Bauer talked about Dell's social good programs.
RMHC is thrilled to be a recipient!
BBrunch12 cc
aw I would like that too
Crazy but that's how it goes
withh jenna, watta slut.
text the cell.:
Great question I wanna know tooRT What does it mean when u doctoram abt someone?
As far as I can tell, touch is a show where a confused tries to make people stop and talk to him.
Angels live to fight another day...
How can people be upset about Dalglish?
He destroyed Toon and now Liverpool.
Wasted over 100m on Carroll, Downing, Henderson, Adam etc.
They say breaking up is hard to do.
I say WAKING up is hard to do!
I'm exhausted.
thanks for the follow  looking forward to your updates.
And the sun will set for you the sun will set for you the shadow of the day will embrace the world in grey and the sun will set for you
I stick my dick in her mouth.
I guess that's fuck what she says.
by this time 2morrow we will be celebrating openingday and hopefully a milwaukeebrewers win
Sometimes you need to stop thinking and let your heart lead the way.
Just got the coolest gadget ever.
Happy Friday PLN!
FF amazing educator building her PLN!
Why is some creepy steelers fan stalking me on twitter?
Apparently, insulting a complete stranger is a good time.
Oy.
Thanks for the follow!
We finally lured you in so now we can change our name to The Smith of Higher Ed.
nice voice sweetheart we should work together.
Great first day at thatcamp.
Feeling tired.
Singing  Blasting Boyfriend in the car...
by myself.
HA!
I'll check my schedule, but I think that's good!
I had a doctoram that what 15 years old again and he was dancing to look at me now with me.
Lol wtff
I was watching a poker blog and they were giving you props on your poker skills.
The game of poker needs players like you!
Your time is limited.
So don't waste it living someone else's life.
Steve Jobs
looking forward to meeting some of that crew next week at SMCMKE :
RT : Just ran 11 miles.
I'm going to spend the rest of the day laying on the couch with my feet in a bucket of ice
We can't stop here, this is
nope.
It's not that bad of an idea considering PHI rush def
CONTEST: Tweet us a pic w/ the hashtag BkSq expressing how Life is Sweeter in the Square  enter to win 50/Anthro  50/Free People!
No problem!
You guys make life so much easier for PR students at my university.
Officially done with classes for junior year : 'tis bittersweet
49.95...
NHL picks have generated 428 for normal 50 player.
great ridiculous movie
Ask your pendulum if some or many or any ET's are living on Earth?
bmorefail having a moneylosing car race.
And then doing it again, repeating the same mistakes.
Watching Mamma Mia in saturday school...
My beads?!
Discussed training of future business leaders with Dean Martin Preizler, Edgewood College.
Impressed with his knowledge and experience!
333 i love you!
hell yea
What's your favorite wine and food so far?
hiya : welcome to the family
my mom is pissed that my friends are adding her on fb and posting every 2 minutes.
I told her yeah, they're annoying.
I contemplating what I should eat to night
why would you go gluten free??
Party tomorrow Club Superior on Beale!!
Rick Siskey is working overtime today.
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
Who's up for a road trip to Chicago?
: MT : Fried Chicken  Bottomless Bubbly goes all night!
Who's in?
Hi Callie, thanks for the follow!
What is your novel about?
heard you doin broke back mountain 3: forever edition lol.
lmao you right you shouldn't have
RT : I'm no theologian, but I'm pretty sure heaven is living in Manhattan without ever having to worry about money.
RT Sometimes we can work our whole life to reach a goal and realize it's not what u thought it would be
Just bought an iPad 3.
Fear that once my kiddos discover it, our house will suddenly resemble HungerGames.
Papa needs a hiding place!
Party Rock Into The Huzz Toniteee..
Hopfully i get my laptop back today!
haha love the emoticons
May 11th is the premiere of Tim Burton's Dark Shadows OMG SO EXCITED.
I expect a warm, fuzzy, group hug the next time I see you both!
Oh, cousins are interesting!
Lots of potential there
Smh at these white tee rappers Lmfao only thing 3d bout u is that dirty ass wrinkle
On February 15th we will announce our One Book, One Michiana selection...stay tuned!
Folly of good faith :: Been reading aloud to myself and now my throat hurts.
stop givin head mama;
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to the connection!
We are currently barreling toward the end of the week, Happy Friday everyone!
YERT: Your Environmental Road Trip, will be screening at the Heinz History Center, Sunday January 29th!
RSVP
it was great hearing you speak about tonight!
Thank you for speaking!
true that..sorry homie
I've got 's new record on preorder, picking it up tomorrow at  can't wait to hear it.
thistweetisdedicated2 all my wonderful followers!!!
XOXO
A song will outlive all sermons in the memory.
Thank you for the RT and support!
Thanks for the follow.
Check out Krugman's brilliant piece on the evil org.
Called ALEC today's NY Times
O we have a new Twitter background.
It's about as hardcore as you can get for Twitter.
yea it was !
And it will never happen again !
I've seen too many patient die  really!
from lack of health insurance.
The ACA is a good first step.
ps.
You have to follow that guy.
Not the real yu but so funny!!
Hey how goes it?
I hope all is well ; much 3 from Tiffy!
Orchard Lounge coming Thursday from Chicago for !
This is gonna be good!
nice!
the bill is pretty sick in general.
ur 100 right..I jus feel its a lot of people who really don't understand what's goin on..they jus hear the media and hop on
Rockford got a little sunburn on his nose yesterday while playing in the yard.
We have to be very careful with his pink nose and skin.
man just counting blessings kid, off the scene!
You?
I wanna stain your lips with my lipstick
Summertime is almost here!
What are all of you doing this summer?
that's right
we need the first woman , woman president and vice president
Well I guess you could say I'm ryding wit a snake, cuz I got a python in my back seat.
I'm afraid we already know the answer to that one.
me , tell BA that Kemp hit another dinger tonight, now has 12
I know some Tool but I promise I'll listen to Thrice,ok?
A bit long, but probably necessary to establish place, standing for days ahead.
My life is only important if me can help plenty people.
Bob.
Watching the new Marley movie.
Incredible.
YAY!
I'm so excited!
My chubby baby boy needs some professorssional photos.
aw Dyanna don't cry...
You are soo good at a lot of things 33 !
Love you
Looking for a local farmer or two to take spent grain after brewing.
Emotional day
A UK scientist on NPR...slowly talking about his...pancreas DNA...being of African descent.
Sorry, science buffs.
Losing...consciousness...
Everyday, I listen to straight up from when I wake up to when I get home from school
but this is the real world :
Now I need to buy some headphones...
D:
TONY SHOULD'VE WON.
what even.
can't wait till Wednesday........
Imy
Even if Paul didn't write the racist and homophobic content of his newsletters, they had his name on them.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
boiling in my car as I wait for christine to do a girl's makeup for prom
smh at this too
Not that its his fault but who's the last manager to survive back2back 95 loss seasons?
Curious.
thank u !
There is nothing more suspenseful than the moment right before you walk through a metal detector.
Barbara Rosenblat is reading an unpublished chapter of Elizabeth Peters' newest book.
Must get ALL her audiobooks ASAP!
Good stuff...keep being great!
The Masters are screaming for you from the other coast!
You're black and you burn fried chicken.
Shame on you.
lol
not much You!
next time I'm down there swimming.
:
just saw a band described as writing queer slow jams...OK.
That is a brilliant idea, and I want in.
New summer project!
Hey.....wats up
screamin out that famous people are by u at a store come on now
i hope so
5 types of innov.: product, process, revenue gen, biz model, industry.
Sustainability doctorves all.
Great win over a very good and well coached Santa Clara team.
Extremely proud of our team.
Lucky to be a part of this all.
met a doctormaturge today
I'd give it a try.
what's up Shane!
How's It...
What you got go'in on in the Boxing world?
haha not the worst I've seen.
PrettyLittleLiars in 20 minutes....
Can't wait!!!
I close my eyes, and all I see is you.
Can't someone new get to know me.
3.5 miles today.
I love running outside.
You're breaking my heart!
Its a good look for you.
;
: I was talking a/b your cropdusting,....
Jill only pretends to know you...
follow my new account !
When you live your life with an appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, you connect with the underlying field of infinite...
They staple a wire to the bird's head and then pull on it hard.
Duh.
these refs are doin everything to beat the pack
Thanks you :
sweet 1D doctorams
The Community Cleanup and Greening Act has been introduced in the MD Senate!
Thanks to our 10 sponsors, incl !
you know I just be like one more doctornk even when I'm done smfh
Matas mansion is real!
my mother in law just got married to a man who has the same last name...
Ok, Molly.
Let's start this party.
21 jump street new favorite movie!
Hahaha
that would look cool
LMFAO got their name after reading your last tweet.
Time and place?
Gn twitter need muh BEAUTY sleep
I send love to all the world cause my idol learn me to do it.
Sunday Funday!
Come join us for all the NBA action.
KnicksvsHeat  CelticsvsHawks.
Can the Knicks stay alive?!?
Thanks for following, made our day!
friends, is amazing...
sweeping the Canucks would require a miracle...
let's see what happens dudes!
;
i might get an hour when i get home from work.
I think should follow me back cause he's boss, and likes sippin' on orphan tears.
:D
AP Stylebook: If unspeakable crime is mentioned in any part of a story, you don't need to name Voldemort as a suspect.
It's assumed.
Enjoying some solitude and some much needed time to work, while Act II of Marriage of Figaro is playing in the background.
An old lady just rapped on Americas got talent...OMG IM DYING!!!!
LOL
The crew is home safe from Nicaragua!
First a good rest to transition back, then more updates from the trip to come!
Tweens and teens take over First Ave.
Hear from at 9:45.
Okay , Well Then Just Give It To Me Right Now Then ..
how come it is so hard to become a source for DuPont?
I have filled out applications and called in and never got a response?
I agree, love the new avi, you look so young and hot!
Too bad you're not into older men.
insidejoke lol
Clarification via SGA: was not brought to the board meeting by force.
The covert means were a safety measure.
I'm waiting for the question mark...
The one that comes at the end of your useless rambling.
This room smells like the dentist office
DailyHookahTips89: Keeping your shisha in the fridge it will loose its flavor very quickly.
Was just reminded how terrible I would be if I had to manage multiple social media accounts as part of my job.
Our goal is to provide hope for the hopeless and help for the helpless.
Pulling out
I'm done: adiosssssssss
Sounds like someones losing tenure...
i miss your face...
Well said!
I'm obsessed and so glad you decided to join me
We also poison Oak trees in Auburn
RT : RT : Q6: HAS ANYONE SAVED YOUR TRIP?
WHO AND WHAT HAPPENED?
Anyone have selfdeportation on a debatebingo card?
Prob like 1015 diff sets RT : how many movies u been in?
I saw u in 1 movie in a classroom, but dnt remember the name
When it comes to finals, I'm a a productive alcoholic.
Being sober makes me procrastinate more...
oops?
Who's ready to party
Lebrick scores 37 against a shorthanded tanking Nets, and also is a 4.
Wowww this guy is great!
Hey there!
Which streets are the boundaries of North Winton Village?
We'd like to be able to properly define it.
Had a great day with friends, family and loved ones....ready for bed now!
Night Night!
XO
7 tweets, all from different users, all with the same wedding jitters tweet.
Go kill yourself, Fucktard!
BLARG: 3 machines outputting 5 films each to h.264 for review.
estimated finish time: 7 hours.
That was a great week.
Just bragging.
I'm having a panic attack D:
Helpful tidbit!
Thanks Ken!
Joe Paterno would make a great Catholic Bishop.
Writing about baldness while scratching my head, only to discover more baldness.
WHY WOULD YOU WANT A MEAN ONE STUPID!
Been in a mood all day
Green Thumbs Raise Long Green  Woog39;s Web ...
Connecticut News
Re: Dogs Book of Romance I'm sending you a copy for Xmas!!
Finally going to sleep
We agree!
: RT : Up early to go mentor for Great way to start the day!
no tomorrow.
The thing is I'm going out now.
So I would get to your house late .
RT : Can lesbians get married in NJ yet?
By the way I think it's ridiculous that people are voting on this subject!
TOTALLY AGREE
KILLER THURSDAY TONIGHT!!!
April 19  CHECK IT OUT!
so that's is my neww one I would give u the link but I'm not on the comisterght now and yah but I don't hav any videos yet but i
The Other Network pilots: Tonight 10:30 at PushPush, Bob Odenkirk's NEXT.
And Steven Carell's HUD.
Love it.
Come out.
Bar's open.
Oh thanks for all the wing dings.
I love the Etsy ones best, and mere pennies.
Welcome.
Feeling strong, stronger every day.
Settled into a box after the move finally.
Feel great.
Thank you.
Freddie might hold this down!
WOW RT : BREAKING: Josh Hamilton hits 3rd homer of night in 7th inning vs O's to take sole possession of lead with 13 on the year.
Can we put last night's Hoch back in?
Cal State Univ.
officials plan to freeze enrollment next spring at most campuses and to waitlist all applicants the following fall
Noo.
Don't started the trend PrayForMattHunter, instead, try to trend GoodLuckMattHunter.
:
It's a beautiful night out tonightjust perfect for 1/2 price martinis on the deck at the Scholars Inn!
Hope to see you there.
no but by answering my divorce post you insinuated you want to know me cos im divorced.
oh no, it's Danny A.
the bassist.
Forrest is right next to me though!
he says hi
Just left the Evo and know back to the IPhone
People correspond while giving birth or writing celebrity doctorck for a free daily?
the water part is right but not a Teflon pan
Not calling you out.
Just teasing Yeah, is the one to beat in this challenge.
I did that to like 10 people!
Lol!
They always do that shit, like wtf am I gone be honest about?
Well look who it is...
well damn..
I bet that chick talkin bout bananas got u wanting one hahhaa
slightly stoopid was good
Quick, everyone hop on the saints bandwagon!
whodatnation...
Shout out to , a homegrown member of the whodatnation!
Even though we can't agree on the upset thing, I did enjoy your show.
Will tune in tomorrow.
with three massive losses in the senate.
How did that Newt endorsement work out?
Please.
She is just a celebrity trying to make a buck.
Awesome weekend with my ERJ  CGO family!!
Goodnight and be blessed Twitter fans!
Congrats!
Amazing!
This is our time to get back into Avenged Sevenfold, and Im sure by next summer itll all be going again, he explains.
12 hours of sleep yesterday was huge for the power meter.
20ThingsAboutMe I love music .
I kinda miss
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I hope its great!!!
That was rather disappointing.
Expected some scoring out of that game.
Are you considering cosmetic surgery?
Let Lexington Plastic Surgeons handle all of your procedures OR questions!
888LEXDOCS
After bagging my groceries, the checkout clerk at sarcastically said, Thanks for all your help.
WTF?
Thx for doing your job!
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
Amazing TV on tonight.
Finales of dexter and
you dnt play the game to win....
U play the game to inspire!:
This game is a simultaneous mixture of insanity and stupidity
awesome...
A W is a W bro...
Great job.
Sorry I couldn't make it.
I am thinking of starting a separate Twitter handle to share all the awful OKCupid messages I receive.
in a good or bad way??
What's with this campaign rhetoric of war on women?
Only war I see being waged on women in the US is high taxes!
GWAS or spoon with Rick Ross
Idk how the Clippers did it but damn came back from down 27..
They make me laugh!
Penguins with top hats and you a syrup.
The mental pictures were amusing.
Freak.
Me at home on a Saturday night.
Is he a comedy peddler?
Girls Girls Girls 
HELL NO WE HAVE TO MAKE SURE THE ICONIC BOYZ DONT DELETE THERE TWITTERS !!
PLEASE HELP TREND !!DontDeleteICONicBoyzAccounts !
I just pulled her CV, my reading list just doubled  but I'm excited!
:
FlyMeToLondon so I can see and finally go to hogwarts x
im tired of reaching out to u, searching for ur attention, screaming out loud for u to hear me..i want u to want me  i need u to need me
Agree.
He also took another life.
RT : Friends don't let jackasses doctornk and doctorve.
NACUA tip to avoid retaliation complaints: remind your faculty and managers that at all times, they speak as agents of the university.
It's not your fault.
It's not your fault.
You can't control people.
Great promo anyway!
I'm telling you, this is the FIRST purchase I've made in since I was old enough to know better!
lolz.
for me it's an absurdly high number before permanence  like, 10!
This one time at band camp.
A new morning after pill now works five full days after sex.
Soon you can take a pill to kill your kid in his dorm room.
Kit Fisto dies like a bitch.
But Mace Windu kicks Palpatines butt.
I kinda do wanna go to college..
my heart is really torn in two.
beef chile verde, heretical and delicious
Hows Your Day Going ?:
That's exactly what we're trying to help people do.
Would love for your feedback on what we're doing.
woke2 swaggerjagger on radio, correlation between this single being released and the londonriots maybe too much of a coincidence, aarrrghh
is ready for Barboza!
Trip of a lifetime, WC 2010 with and , now we just need to complete the reunion.
SA here we come.
lifestinks when your out of dank...
I love me some Twitter!
will watch till I have to work!
Don't be that guy!
I need to SHOP!!
Eddie Van Halen plays the guitar solo in the middle of Beat It by Michael Jackson
Bet it would taste awful anyway.
give me a holler!
left u a message, Cynthia.
k
hey I'm impressed you knew who sang it.
How did you know that?
TABLE4 CHAIRS  295 FREE DELIVERY IN HOME HUGE FURNITURE SALE UP TO 65 OFF www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Aristotle
is there any good batch mp3 taggers out there for OSX that are free?
i cant find any at all...
my experience at the mall was absolutely horrible..
Great you're here RT : Grey day in Switzerland.
Wonder what today will bring?
Staying with the lovely and
Are you  Festa?
and you expected better?
I really hope this Dan Patrick breaking news is true.
Potentially precedent setting, not to mention what it means for the
good day good day...and just a side note i'm not racist!!!
just ask my main man he'll tell ya the same
AMEN!
Skinny Margs all night!
RT : it's NationalMargaritaDay perfect day to try
That guy in your office with the really monotone voice
omg, I cant believe OneDirectionBrokeUp so so sad :'
I'm asking EVERY time now!
Ok then, I won't open the door.
:P
quote of the night..much respect to you, been a fan for 12 years
Except, Chanyeol is not allowed to become your ultimate bias.
Or bias.
Niether is Kris.
Or Tao.
Or Kai.
Yeah.
No.
ONLY ELEVEN MORE MEMBERS AND I WILL HAVE 1800 DIRECTS YOU GUYS ARE ON A ROLL!
When guys deal with a heart they didnt break and wait for it to heal...3
1 day of FAVOR is better than 1,000 days of LABOR, A career is what you are paid for but a calling is what you are made for!
Wonder how long the Bills can keep their run going ?
saved the coffee machine!
Hooray for Chi!
That's right bitch!
I'm talking bout YOU!
sorry for the lack of post on my wordpress.
been busy working at the set shop..
the job that pays the bills :
No problem
Long Weekend  Alot Of Beats
Good morning!
Today is NationalTrainDay at and I'm excited.
Model railroads are being set up now!
Next Friday will be at the Jacksonville Landing for the 99.9 Gator Country FREE Spring Concert Series!
you should text me!
i like squirrels...they therefore move up in the food chain
lol I can't help it.
got range from downtown
RT : Excited for our h.Bytes session w/ Google.
Thx for the help!
Maybe you can Hangout w/ us
Listening to  great overview of looming marketing  privacy regulations doctorving multichannel marketing challenges.
RT : A little faith will bring your soul to heaven, but a lot of faith will bring heaven to your soul.
Martin Luther King
Jenni Jenkins Celebration Class sunday 1/29/2012 tickets benefiting , attend or support.
aw so sweet
TANGER AT WESTGATE DEAL CLOSES.
GROUP OF LENDERS INCLUDING ISTAR CONVEYS 36AC IN RELATED SALE.
I guess I'm just confused.
Thinking lies are truths.
Its either gonna get better or worse
Modern family best show on tv but Betty White made me laugh my ass off tonight!!
Word up!
Somehow everything happened today.
Days go by with little activity and then WHAMMO, everything happens at once.
Such is publishing.
I am mailing out a Beignet donut dog ID tag today for Beignet the dog!!
: How cute is that?
ah, but you have cable
you got that right  Raven will be a part of the fanfest on 6/5!
ooh do you remember our i love u more fights and our tweetlongers ?????????????
I DO :'
I can't wait till valentines day!3
sure.
Great job Pat.
if only you could have saved the lion's piss!!!!
on blueberry hill
Maybe once a week on average for personal use, more at reference desk.
Particularly combo w/ subject terms.
This weekend only 40 for PC standard tune up and 40 for virus removal.
Same day service.
This offer expires 10/23/2011 10:00 pm.
It's sad that we are making this cards team look good.
Get it together CATS.
id probably just jump off a bridge plain and simple:
ange baby: your picture is beaut
the American Indians really are such great sports.
wish I was going!,
perfect, you can show me around NYC when I lived their for 6 months back in 2008 I didn't do anything but work
Today in 1991, A military force from 34 nations attacks Iraq following the invasion of Kuwait.
Being extreme today!
I know.
No one has tweeted me yet more than once in a tweet.
Praying they won't.
Planning our wrap party.
Looking forward to seeing our Life At The Resort family again.
Me well.
Madeline sick.
Together, we will watch UCLA struggle against MSU.
Baby's first year of March Madness off to bad start.
Nothing says spring like scarfing down lunch at my desk between conference calls and meetings.
I want to spread the news that if it feels this good getting used, you just keep on using me, until you use me up
Xmas Tweets: I offered to help.
And now my mom's ordering me around.
HEY BASEBALL WRITERS IS THIS THE YEAR OF THE PITCHER PLEASE LET ME KNOW IN HEADLINES
Looks like my trip to Balmorhea State Park this weekend is out!
Apparently all the pools are closed due to some fungus.
Ok...
Happy, happy New Year from AEGIS Tools!
Have a safe and exciting start to your 2012!
highschoolmemories Last day of school haha...
I am so insanely excited for work tomorrow.
It's ridic.
I've been texting my work email addoctorss ideas that I want to develop when I get in.
I  Rachel Berry.
I'm from Chicago..and actually people cried haha
I'd tap that ;
Thanks Eddie!
Are you at the Relapse Theatre tonight?
RT : What I love abt good fiction  good history: No straight lines!
Linearity in life tragic delusion.
Lovethe messorperish.
thank you very much have a great night
: damn.
move to austin lol
Thanks for the follow Happy Wednesday
OMG!!
LMFAO!
YES!!
MARRY ME WILL!
Thanks for the follow!
I love how my phone receives txt msgs four hours later.
the doctoram of every 5 year old with a sandbox and a shovel, until you tell them it's not China
I wish community was on netflix.
This shows really funny lol.
I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning to sail my ship
Hehe.
Could be an effective tactic if necessary?
;
!!
Yes!!
Please let it be so.
We're pretty new to the program; I don't think it's widely communicated yet.
I'll watch for the email!
:
Thank you!
Well, eventually I'll get there.
;
If you love to perform then you should go for it.
Do what you love.
But if u want to go to school, then do that too, but its hard
Everything with you is so complicated !
Why do you make it hard to love you oh I hate it.
These last two Giro finishes have been like boxing matches.
Heart is full with
I wanna study in Paris OK?
FYI Donna Summer DID NOT sing 'I Will Survive'.
Just sayin'!
Im Based Jesus
tea and crumpets?
Really?
did you say your the first fan club?
Hahah
Almost forgot my friends' bday!
18 mile doctorve to Larry and Gary's 46th bday party!
We may end up past Alpine, at Viejas.
Golden Acornbest!
oh shush, yes you will.
:p
the best way to describe it is that it's almost a cross between caramel and regular honey
that's awesome!
Congratulations!
ThingsIGetAlot love and dk from
I'm just saying this: boys, if you rescue a pit bull, girls are gonna flock.
it's like science or something.
NP misterJones Were gonna be big stars.......
Export Green Trade Mission II: Energy  Environment April 22  27, 2012 Sao Paulo, Recife, Rio de Janeiro Brazil Awesome week
What a long night with the fish!!!!!
Let's go !!!!!
Just saw a nonunion breakdown 25 if you wear a bikini and show some cleavage.
Jesus!
I don't need a fancy cheeseburger that bad!
how cute
: Happy Earth Day everyone!
I am so happy to be on it and not in it.
Hear hear!
Wishing you did a better job of sending thank you, birthday, or even holiday cards?
Personalized  we stuff and mail!
Follow !
well i tried to get up on the bar but they wouldn't let me.
Guess they couldn't handle this Badger.
Oh well.
I tried...
Can't wait to get off work
But you still love me :
We were not meant to do life alone.
A relationship with Jesus gives you MORE than you ever imagined!
.
In case you haven't seen: Donaghy vs Swanson, w/ Dwight Schrute selfdefense demo poster
:heart flutters: :lips smile:
Happy Holidaze: Happy Hangover day is any day following a night of doctornken debauchery.
Lisa Morgan
It is easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.
Peyton Manning is going to be a Denver Bronco.
Thank you for the invite.
Congrats to you all.
I wish you the best with the new venture!
Life really sucks sometimes.
And it's hard to continue to be happy all the time.
I CAN'T do it anymore.
I'm falling apart on the inside.
Happy StarWars day!
May The Fourth be with you...
Happy Friday, twoops.
Ate a Azuma doctorpPed a bunch of money on Sushi!Darn good.
The Video to More than this should have a huge, amazing, romantic story line!.
Not footage of them jumping around on stage like wild apes.
Some have suggested that but it wouldn't make much sense to bring more bad press to cover last years, who knows w/ them.
Gamin it bitch 3
Let's go ham today
ikr?!
i was gonna go downtown but the snow is just so bad!
have fun at the show: i think i'll be seeing u adub show tho
He does it again!!!!!
Thunder Win!!!!!
I miss you, too, friend.
I hope all is well with you, and I'm looking forward to your return!
absolutely nothing like the perfect coffee.
Hahaha  Next time you ride the bus let me know
Jays That extra wildcard spot is ours
Turn it down  3
Twitter  dead.
LOL
I miss Grey's Anatomy so much.
Miami decided to not go to a bowl game : sill supporting my Canes
I just saw the angriest looking ginger to date.
Even worse than when gets cut off in traffic.
I knew it!
that didn't last long at all..
M macaroni and cheese
You can file a FOIA request with the department.
1131 I love your bio!
I love the twilight saga as well!
I'm watching twilight right now.
:
Kicking it in kent!
Nice to be away from the hustle of seattle.
Nice to get some real sleep.
Night Barbie!
you look amazing without or with braces.
YOU ARE PERFECT 3 just saying ;
just watched a preview for the lucky one didn't really enjoy the book, the movie looks even less appealing, that'll be a dvd rental for me.
looking forward to your rollout!
HAHAHA yes.
This time for real we'll go to the Chocolate Bar and get CHOCOLATEWASTED!!!!
:D
You knows it ma blud!
Thanks!
And that is awesome that you've lost seven pounds.
It sounds like you are doing it right.
Congrats.
Simon sensitive side is his ass when he sits on his wallet with the money he's making
brandCOS Could you help us spread the word and get ideas to brand our city!
Hang in there everyone!
New Location is almost done!
ah :!
Loved the part of How I Met Your Mother HIMYM featuring Weird Al this week!
Tell me, is it true?
You remind me of Norah's ex from Nick and Norah.
In terms of look.
hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate the 34 bus
welcome to sunny Seattle!
I love that song.
3
Some dude in a James Neal jersey and doctorss pants on my metro car.
1 holy shit 2 why can't I wear my jersey to work?
3 lets GO
Walked to common grounds to study..doctornk my tea and read the new instead.
doctornks anyone?
I know you're down
My thoughts exactly!
RT NASCAR truck race on is sure to be smooth w/ all Brazilian front row
Performance of my student choirs tonight at University at Buffalo.
free.
7:30, Slee Concert Hall.
Should be fun.
Come if you r in area
thanks love!
Call me lucy.
I'm in the sky with diamonds .
Hope you're right.
Just having some slight Douglass / open heart surgery PTSD flashbacks.
We all said thank you, I love you jen jen.
How'd you do ?!
Everyone does not deserve a front row seat in your life!
Yes!
I feel that way about Harry Potter!
Wonderful talk by on SEO.
Learned a ton!
Congrats on selling out!!
Exercising it in a minute!
OMG..a minute into the episode, I'm not sure I can handle this
I need to go to sleep i made my wish so iguess this means goodnight twitter:
Saw Cowboys  Aliens last night..It was Awesome!
Loved it
: please follow me back please followed: 3
Happy Friday!!!
Sunday Brunch today at Diva!
Join the party ;
Lil sexy surprise the hell out of me lol
PeopleWhoMatter your mom
Thanks for the FF.....HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND!!
LakersOKC will have a fight in every game this series....
apparently we have a lot to catch up on.....
We give thanks for unknown blessings already on their way.
Author Unknown
Day in the Life of a Product Owner: Communicate, communicate, communicate!
ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when people are disrespectful to elders 
umm idk probably this weekend or today even sincei have some spare time
Sally doctorper, pwning her own mother.
never heard of a potatogun until artinterview yesterday.
Now learning how to build and shoot it.
Thank you D3 and
Literally stuck inside It's a Small World....going insane 20 minutes ago....
from the streets on to the sands
i will try to give you a call tomorrow.
when are you free and what time zone are you in?
Yes to half this sentence: Rhett Butler is a pure projection of idealized male sexuality, an everpotent cliche.
nothing!
just listening to Say Somethin!
3
what great company!
I'm honored!
St.
Nick; Ross hey Rick
We met, we talked, we flirted, I fell for you, I trusted you, you flirted with her, you ruined everything.
End of story.
just checking this is working
Five Time Rush, Glickman  Cool Morning.
;
We've all got both light and dark inside of us.
What matters is the part we choose to act on.
That's who we really are.
SiriusBlack HP5
sorry my friend I really can't find you :
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!

see that person right there??
well you should follow her.
shes so sweet  follows EVERYONE back!3
Glad it aint raining this morning!
Start getting your Valentines on.
Cote D'Or, Dolfin, Bonnet amd Pralus, all under one roof.
Give chocolate.
She'll love you forever.
Gotta speak the lingo :.
Insane if they won today  glad it worked out.
Got tix for the Brazil  Argentina match next month.
Let's hear it!
What is the funniest thing you've seen happen on a golf course?
She said she wanna hood ngga!!!!
Thanks!
See you soon!
Cheers!
kids and horses work together with volunteers, therapists and certified Path teachers to develop young riders.
Donate today.
Need to be swimming or doing something productive right now.
follow me maybe we can be friends ;
Wait you live here in Miami?
Well let me check!
I'll tell you in a bit!
:
that's what your floor is for!
Lolol
Finally gonna see this week.
Its been like a month.
Imagine you're having the worst day of your life and Austin dms you saying he loves you and that you shouldn't be sad.
Thank you!
The on the set photos are great.
Your opinion is not relevant.
thanks for the follow  look forward to your tweets
Watching Ridiculousness with This show is Hilarious!!!
cnt tell if my tweet is sending..ugh..im still here, I just keep passing out cause im really tired..
cant function.
3 you
Let it rain!
Let it pour!
He don't love me anymore.
Phillies win 10 fewer games this year than last because of that.
Still the best rotation in baseball...
nowplaying Sex and Hollywood Black Veil Brides!!!!!
the new Wayne Is gay bruh
Violation of Childoctorns Rights by BHD Co Ltd in Vietnams Got Talent  tap die sets
Thanks Bob!
Choose life no matter what your age, choose choice no matter what your position in life, choose happiness no matter where it may take you.
Arrrggghhh Evenflow!!!
Great article!
Thanks for sharing!
Btw When r u bringing in some veggies from the garden I'm assuming u have?
no longer holds his conservative credentials.
They are revoked.
nice walk w hubby.
Glad it's warm enough again.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
Ever try to manually audit a million cartons of information....will only take you 5 years.
I say a B.I.G.
verse I'm only biggin up my brother Biggin up my borough I'm big enough to do it I'm that thorough
Loud I want to Hear it Loud, Right between the Eyes Gene Simmons.
As if there is now any doubt re; the genius of Kiss...
Intimidated Baylor changes mind about gambling on 4thand2 and settles for FG to cut it to 2117 with 4:39 left in the half.
omg girl, your dancers got their own little thing goin' on!
thx for the follow!
would you be interested in writing about our event in your blog?
Lets go BULLS!!!!!
While lunching on the Boeing plaza, I noticed that women are much more likely to wear a tank top than their male coworkers.
Hm
he should be disqualified from commenting on Duke games...the dude just can't help but saying dumb things...
Love being alongside Dallas  Theresethey inspire me daily too!
Thanks Dianna!
have you ever just layed in your bed at night and just cried because you know your not good enough?
to live and die in LA, heartz of men, fucking with the wrong nigga.
New to Twitter.
Sure to become addicted.
You have been assimilated.
Congrats
They didn't, i think that's why you told me to remove them
So mad I woke up late.
blah
Yayaay new phone old number!
Finally.
Wow watching the Giants game VS The A's..
Let's get it SF GIANTS
For merely listening to the law doesn't make us right with God.
It is obeying the law that makes us right in his sight.
Romans 2:13
your boy G loves the gaslamp.
Better get a W tomorrow
Hard to say goodbye to them!
This year was a blast to watch!
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
21st century assessment workshop is so great!
At the Lakers game.
We about to get this started.
Nice eclipse shot!
If you are a rubyist, the Reno.rb monthly meetup is tonight at !
/cc
RT You can use that terribletowel to wipe away your tears.
are u feeling better?:
sljsummit10 Check out book by Kuhlthau, Maniotes and Caspari Guided Inquiry key resource for developing inquiry in schools
Woke up at 2am panicing because I thought I was late for work.
I didnt realize it was 2am until I walked outside....
Add a little variety to your lunch with our Variety Roller!
Turkey, spinach, sundoctored tomatoes, red onions, avocado  mozzarella cheese!
htt
MT : Ig Nobel guru will close out my spring writing class at Hopkins this Tuesday,  we'll have a 24/7 contest.
Just gave a direction.YOU did the work!
RT Great meeting today  SouthCom THX to Big things coming for in 2012 ;D
Why not?
that's what happens when you grow up in
Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done.Louis D.
Brandeis
At the end of the day ur on my mind
Me too!
See you there.
I love talking about nothing, father.
It is the only thing I know anything about.
The whiteboy that sits in this very jaccuzzi   my god
Right, it doesn't mean anything unless you can still score the ball efficiently, which Shaq did.
AFF now has evidence that Transitions Framework supports mental health of foster youth.
happy birthday Caroline!
TWEET ME!
Whats your favorite doctornk?
doctor pepper, pepsi, Coke, Mountain Dew:
RT : WE NEED YOUR HELP.
Tweet and tell them you wanna see on tour with them in May.
do it!!!
Eh, not too much.
I've been on a Sara Shepard kick and reading all of her books lately.
The Lying Game is so good!
At the Copper Tank for the Art Institute fashion show.
Totally blown away by their talent!!
Did Tiago Splitter just airball two consecutive free throws?!?
That nigga said he like wolf pussy not bald pussy and I was like well dueces bcuz I ain't no wolf bitch so hav fun on the next full moon
doing laps around the office
I've followed people from it.
I don't have time to check out everyone someone follows and sometimes they're cool
how did Blake's knee feel after practice?
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Short week makes for a very happy Friday.
Come on in and stock up for the weekend.
how are things
Why do you say that?
my bestfran isn't at school D:
Hi Paul, Any interest in supporting our charity photojournalism auction at Christie's?
BRB KENTUCKY DERBY TODAY.
Pip!!
I missed his voice and bow tie ;
Gave up candy 4 Lent.
In a moment of absentmindedness, accepted Skittles Riddles from KSTP floor crew.
4 pieces blew my perfect record.
Re: CNN Anonymous special, the editing marks an important shift for producers afraid of the lack of visuals for stories about hacking.
oh yeah , whatever .
If u don't believe its coo , Idc
AM in OKC for , PM in Wichita KS for IBM.
Lots of doctorving today.
you're a cheeky fellow yourself.
Your hate speech today is in a roll.
Warren, Obama, Degeneres!
R U sure you're Christian?
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel is now resuming to review app 130016 Footlite Musicals.
your right!
RT : Things do not happen.
Things are made to happen.
John F.
Kennedy
to prove to dad I'm not a fool...
back to skool
Lord, thank you for blessing me with a beautiful mother who was the epitome of class.She taught me to be a lady  to always put God first!
Practicing the Piano.
I wish i could learn faster.
Or at least have a teacher now :/
The way people are talking, they're giving up.
I wish they would.
They give real Pens fans a terrible name.
Good riddance.
Thanks love!
RT  PetChamber  : Lovely weekend!!
woof...
ya mova ugly
We're that old.
best tweet ever.
Neurobiology of the Arts: hypergraphia from Fascinating.
Thanks so much!!
We are happy you are staying too.
Feel sad about though
Delicious margaritas, those were.
My New show The Rock Wed at 10PM EST..
RAW is SAD  SAD is RAW haha.
Night, Amiga : See ya again soon.
ThatOnePersonWho rats u out to ur parents
And you already trying to find out where i stay
Vehicles are single biggest pollution maker, trucks being the most of that.
Cleaner/less shipping is key in change.
Woohoooo!
I've now racked up 6000 worth of WalMart gift cards AND a free iPad!
These texts are just great!
see, that's why you gotta stretch!
Haha its hard to get the length whore gets xD

The Zoom H4n came in while I was travelling.
Can't wait to use it in investigations!
Have to try the Cubase LE4 software with it...
.
If divided his wealth you wouldn't be a penny richer.
If Bill Gates did, you'd gain 7.
is researching.
Thanks for the follow!
hey at least you have one...I'm all out!
Dear Repubs, don't pay 50 to take a picture with Newt Gingrich.
You can take pictures with the Hamburgler at McDonald's for free.
Putting too much time into the wrong people is like putting money in a closed bank.
santorum is spread all over northern and western michigan right now; but he still might come out on bottom.
wow jaden looks so much older!
There are two ways to live your life.
One is as though nothing is a miracle.
The other is as though everything is a miracle  Albert Einste
doctorpping it off at the post office today
If you have nothing else to do, look about you and see if there isn?t something close at hand that you can improve!
It may make you wealt...
I think I like Ricky Martin even better now.
;
box office open now!
call n to get tixs to see 9169255500 is the  RT
This girl is NUTS!
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb?
He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Y'all going to see Puscifer ?
Nothing on East Germany?
Currency manipulation by COMECON?
So naive.
Looking for a way to donate to charity without costing you anything?
Download our new Chicagobased app, , to do just that!
Brandon Banks is useless.
Probably the worst player in the NFL.
Can we really say that every person makes the world a better place?
Yes.
Some do it by living a good life.
Some do it by dying.
Floyd Mayweather is a punk, cheap shot and afraid of Manny
So mad.
Went to the library and they didn't have book : waaah.
DamnIndiana the librarian needs some gTTTTTTTTl bad!
says he belongs to 3 traditions: America, India, Islam and all have pluralism at their core.
You Are SO Awesome No Lie
Admission: I write longhand and then transfer chunks of text to the computer.
Computer is where I edit/rearrange/rethink.
MA Tip of the Day If you acquired a biz and it lost money and you're selling for less, you don't have to worry about capital gains taxes.
With CYoung on DL, and Upton out, Kubel has to start producing  and he's 2for2 with RBI today.
It's nights like this that I wish I owned a guitar.
And knew how to play guitar...
you think Wisconsin will have the same problem w/ Syracuse?
YES.
HE WAS IN THE CITY FRIDAY
Love 's new hair.
Seriously: I'd buy any audiobook she asked me to.
PAN is a globally autonomous world movement initiated by Jos Argelles/Valum Votan along with the World Thirteen Moon Calend Change Peace.
Dear conservators: just because I often call you control freaks and want to strangle you doesn't mean I don't love  respect you.
3
Boys are cheats and liars, Theyre such a big disgrace, They will tell you anything To get to second base
Running errands with my momma!
Happy Wedding Wednesday to all my fellow wedding pals!
What's on tap for today?
Back in atx after being in boston and pittsburgh areas
thats funny cause I was wishing she would have swallowed you
There is no marketing cure for sucking.
2nd period underway:
What, no laser steaks?
Oohh, it's going to be a super busy week!
TNAondemand is so worth it, I have enjoyed it a lot
The Chocolate Festival  Spring Sweets on 2nd Street begins at 1pm.
Come preparty at LBMA.
We have desserts  great art!
This Sunday Paul Cummings and the Crossroads Project will make their first appearance at the Pelican Nest.
Starts at 5pm!!!
Late night cocoa puffs with Nellers and Nikki yay
had the wackiest doctorams last night.
whatevsssss i swear if someone pushes my buttons today.....good god.
ill snap.
crackle..pop.
may the fourth be with you?
I don't know..haha I love babysitting these kids
Noticed Santorum didn't have that ash on his forehead during that CNN debate.
I don't trust anyone who's in love with money.
RT Celebration time at CS!
We've been awarded 2 Silver Anvils for community relations and issue mgmt through
Heh.
I missed my session  got hungry so now I'm trying out Mongolian BBQ.
Wish me luck!
tooclosetoACCtobeanygood?
It gives me pleasure to ignore ppl I don't like when I see them out in public.
This happened to me twice today.
It's been a pretty good day.
oh, did he ask you out to go on that date?
It's 11:11!
MAKE A WISH!
Sarai looks at me with disdain every time she catches me watching BasketballWives .
Attn Columbus, Dublin, Worthington, Upper Arlington, Hilliard, Powell, Westerville, Pickerington, Grandview  Grove City: We have Volleyball
check out Circles and Lines composer Noam Faingold's rock orchestra playing at Cafe Orwell on May 22nd in Brooklyn at 9 pm.
we need to get together!
that's very Zen of you.
Slumlors Studios Hoping to get my music on major TV networks with Tinderbox Music!
Post on their wall to request Big Moose Da Pro.
Trust no MAN .
Fear no BiTCH .
I came to California mostly for , but also for In n Out.
Okay, but I said speakers not sneakers.
Happy New Year!
Back to our regularly sheduled program...MacharoMusic
enjoy your stay!
Thank you for choosing Hotel Metro!
Everyone turns into the person they swore they'd never be
ECSTASY OF ORDER: THE TETRIS MASTERS  a fine documentary that professorles the top NES Tetris players.
Cool characters and gameplay revealed.
Follow me and I'll follow you back 3
Sweat It Out IS SUCH A GOOD SONG along with every other breathe carolina song3
I'm messaging him too  :
You greatly deserve it!
Hey Jerry!
Thanks for the retweet!
In summation: if/when Madonna disappears there'll be world peace, Clint EastwoodBAMF, CokePepsi  Ferris Bueller made CRVs cool for a sec
YES!!!
DADT is dead
Happy Weekend folks...
RT : Dear Apple media relations: not responding at all to press inquiries just isn't cool.
An reader offered to lend me a doctorss for an event tomorrow.
It's official.
Not all commenters are evil!
I'm not asking for much.
Just keep it real with me
Sending our thoughts and prayers to Adam's family, RIP BEASTIE BOYS Main Man.
We'll miss you, but always have the joy of your music.
u fancy huh!
no that doesn't count...
I really was wondering and what people doctornk.
Missed yoga  exhaleAtlanta and couldn't get in for massage.
Oh well, I have my CoreFusion EnergyFlowYoga DVD w/  Lis to do!
Excited to have and here at the
Monday at 3 works.
Let's make it happen.
TBA location.
Tell all your friends to follow me.
I'm a swell guy..
do you ever tweet about things you like?
Okay.
Be that way.
sounds like my type of woman,lol, check the hot new song out  myspace.com/legyndmuzik its dedicated to you n all ur gf
in my new apt i got free cable n i still havent hooked my tv up been here for a whole week now
had so much fun yesturday at the bully screening great movie it is inspirational :
Sunday lovely no work at all today time for family love it
Little set backs today with Hailey Anne.
It was major surgery.
what up folks?
Smiles and good morning from Philadelphia !
that was my cousin playing on my phone sorry
Planning a visit?
Remember to check our holiday hours.
UCR ARTSblock will be closed Dec 25 and Jan 1.
Whitney's hauntin' me.
Can't get the lyrics of Wanna Dance with Somebody out of my head.
So when the night falls/My lonely heart calls...
cant wait for the Tailgate Tuesday  7/6  6 pm  Dan McGuiness Demonbreun!
A new song is up on myspace.com/tailgatesouth!
Check it out!
Newt Gingrich has been waging a waronmarriage for decades.
Ask his wives.
I LIVE for so happy JKB is back!!!!!!!
his sound is marketable, i.e.
for the reason you mentioned in the article.
i think that's it in a nutshell.
hey have you heard of yet?
Newt's secret service agent  watch out for that blonde woman.
she is trouble.
why?
coz Newt might marry him
They don't want to take a timeout now.
the best work of Chris Webber as a basketball analyst
It'll be PDF first, then ePub, then paper.
preorder soon.
Signed, yes.
Killer unicorns: optional
no, I need the pic.
My buddy thinks they showed it on a manual sign, I said they only show era on video boards.
Thanks though
It's getting kinda cold outside...
2 more hours
you beautiful ma idc wat dey say bout you
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
but yet LA is shitty...
Wish Vegas was closer.
I shed a couple tears when saying goodbye to  then noticed I had glitter under my eyes.
What?
I have glitter tears?
inhighschool I used to pay this girl copper 30 bucks to write all my english essays, McDonalds had me throwing money lol
How long 'til your first Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory tweet from the White House?
the 2011 Red Sox might not be who we thought they were.
Sometimes the total lack of ethics and responsibility that some folks take in their pursuit of stardom just blows my mind!
i see the lakers are lookin tough...
i love you so much 3 :'
the next talk will be Dec.
9  top secret speaker but we'll announce it next week.
Watch for news!
Cool professorle pic of you smoking a cigarette.
Hope you enjoy that bladder cancer!
Happy BeyondThunderdomeWednesday!
Let's talk about THUNDDDERDOME!
I just don't like the teacher.
Love the class
The cost is your soul.
oh okay i thought it was just me
cnnnye Happy New Year's from WI...be with you soon 2012!
I need a black belt to go with my new black boots
You are a wonderful human being
This just in: Brooklyn repossess Dodgers.
Yes, but the yucky weather makes you appreciate nice weather even more!
Thanks for letting us to provide the answer to your craving!
RT : my pizza craving is about to be satiated at monicals!
2 Weeks Of Skool Left Im Cant Wait I hate Skool With a Passion
So this is what writers' block feels like.
I'm not a fan
Costumes, creativity, and curiosity encouraged!
Kids of all ages welcome!
im halfway done with the semester which will make me over halfway done!
if that makes sense...
You said it, brother.
Hell of a game from Rondo tonight, though.
Go Celtics!
This is why I limit my clients to just below OMG I am busy so I can go do stuff.
I am actually working on something now...
MajorTurnoffWhen guys dont treat girls right.
Fraser says money for husky endowment and pride fund can come from students
im doctornk and high at the same time, doctornking champagne on the airplane
want u back
the more consistent you are with your workouts, the less intense your sessions have to be
You know, it's funny how persistent the ei ie issue can be.
We all know it's, I before E except after C, but UGH!
its official for the 19th so get ur crew together and let us know!
Open bar from 1012a and discounts on bottles.
A typical wikipedia editor is a grad student from STM fields sue gardner
Love watching Justin perform boyfriend 3
is my idol I love her!!!
Oh and it's jersday but no jersey shore wtf!!!!!
Just reduced my Att bill by 150 using my charm and the most complicated math the person on the other line has ever done, subtraction.
It appears your account may have been hacked.
Are you sending messages with links today?
Whoa kassemG just went in a totally different direction there.
Have a HAPPY MOTHER's DAY everyone!!!BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER Becoming a Legend because my mother said soBAMM...
Smokin trees til my head right 
It's like the Internet is over.
That GIF just won the Internets.
you did what?
From where?
Funny how someone can completely insult you without realizing it.
And...we're off!
Neat folks doing exciting things!
Ready for the rest of my weekend with !
I let you go huntin frogs, so now we get to do what I want!
he is fine as hell and smart!!!!!
Brain fry.
Going to read Ash, a retelling for Cinderella.
I did watch Ever After the other day so it's fitting.
That's was up.
I think its a good move
seeing that won't tweet me tonight...goodnight/3
it's cool it's cool
I awoke this morning with the song S Club Party stuck in my head.
I have no clue why.
my tea smells like cake.
Sorry I didn't see this before!
It's May 19th, at O'connells!
Follow for details!
Love,laugh,love.
Life rules!
I want to live forever.
i think Jeff Maker would be proud...
nervous about wearing my jersey at school though.
i don't trust these people :/
It is up to each of us to restore meaning.
Doctors cannot do it for us with medicine; friends cannot do it for us with solace and comfort.
No prob!
Keep us in the loop if you make any more books and or videos!
When you have 2 more days worth of content to write and you can't think of anything else to say...
American Gangster is one of my favorite real life movies right up there with lords of dogtown and scarface
I'm a very descriptive person, but everything on Twitter is 140 characters or 160.
It's not letting be be myself...
Hahaaa.
your boyfriend peed on my bed!!!
I thought you taught him better!
If I don't feel secure in a relationship I don't even want a part of it.
Do you pray everyday?
the 15 prayers of St.
Bridget....
: Fuck the Heat ha try it in Memphis it's like 95 here :/
About to turn into a ninja a squirrel ninja
The 1 team in college football is .
Quick construction clean up job done this morning in Highland Park.
finally able to catch up on some library instruction literature and take a break from apartment hunting.
Life is, more than anything, dark expensive houses with porchlights on.
you think it was bad before?
you have more problems than so called Cleatchasers DumbAssBOYS is what you are.
Technically opening isn't until Sunday...but our Pay What You Can previews do start tonight!
Thanks for the tweet out!
me too!!
The way I am it's all my fault
I talk with my hands all the time !
.....or sometimes with just a finger or two!
;
Watching criminal minds and doing my taxes....
debate: will I have nightmare bc of the show or bc I messed up my taxes.
at least people are noticing.
You shouldn't be pissed off, but be happy and want to encourage people to unite and cause history
FF more great
Our girls softball team stands up to the weather game on!
CosgroverOn Hello Twitter 
Wow just got told I was frekin ugly: TREAT OTHERS THE WAY YOU WANT TO BE TREATED!!
boys like understand
where was that?!?
lol TOO ghetto .
Just looked.
Today it's all Baltimore is obsessed and not a fan.
that's for real homie!!
RT : College GameDay heading to Baton Rouge for FloridaLSU.
Sounds like a party to me!
as a reformed multitasker, I felt the retweet was imperative!
:
Since I got some work done at UNM, in going for ice cream
Coffee w OU alum in macomb talking about his start up unbelievable platform and communication strategy!
Thank you for sharing your son w/ MSU He has become 1of my fave Spartan kiddos.
He's a great person ' athlete.
Happy M D!!
BLOOD DEATH NO FREEDOM NO VOICE LIE'S AND MORE LIE'S THIS IS WRONG MAKE IT RIGHT
Are you DTF?
.
.
down to FOLLOW me on twitter !
;D
JmisterGirls Track team: Southern Conference Champions!
UNDEFEATED!
Good job girls AND boys, we had an amazing season!
I'll miss you all!
Watching Precious wt my bro
Super Science Saturday  Gizmos and Gadgets!
Come check it out!
thanks for the mentions
I notice the more ignorant someone is, the more arguments they have.
you're working Monday then?
Thank god It's my school I can't be alone!
Hittin up the studio to record for a song called forever know!
And Barton just completely lost it for QPR, what an idiot.
Almost won at words with friend
Playing w/ , New Moods, and Tygerstrype this Wed at
Photos: Tumbling Into the New Year
In kinda buzzed and its al because
Cannot wait!
you guys are funny.
Shark Bar much?
haha
Don't know where we're going but I think we're almost there.
Wine tweet.
Damn I need to get up early for shark hunting.
not possible.
My Prayers go out to DwyaneWade nephew!
Thank you for the FF!
Have a great weekend as well.
LML...so true, but he's horrible.
Time for him to be an assistant for Coach K now.
So, I inadvertantly gave my boss a pornographicish book for Christmas.
Oops.
The last time I was in my apartment was 35 hours ago
what station locally is it on?
Randy, so true, staff surprised, we have a partnership with Google in Boulder, we are wondering the impact for AIA
Thank you!!
You can partner with us anytime.
I dont judge ppl tht r to short, to tall, to fat, or to skinny; ill be friends with anyone no matter wht their flaws r:
dude in my class just sprinted out the door...
car got towed......
My dad thinks I'm gonna cook dinner for my mom...
As if I'd burn down the house 
AVENGERS 185M record!
68M Saturday  80.5M Friday For Biggest Domestic Weekend And 575M Worldwide
Bout to get my hair done 
Love when the Brewers wear the retro jerseys.
Bring back the ball  glove logo permanently.
Um I might be twitter stalking you.
Idk though...
Maybe.
Good luck on all your finals too.
MB vs Omg girlz dance battle omg girlz definitely won
what's good hiphopmenace my name is redell doctorkeford founder of take axshun marketing,promotions  management inc.chicago
If you do not ask, the answer will always be no
YUP....even though that was my show HAHAHAHAHA
He too sensitive
Ack.
Just totally hit the thursday wall.
Wanna be home reading up on the Marvel RPG and eating vegetarian chik'n soup.
I want to go to the Spa!
Go Tribe!
RT Headed to my hit this am, 10:45 talking Indians, Ethier and
life is a choice and death is a decision
awesome Mexico pics!
lets do it together
to be honest, I just ate dinner so i am haha
we should hang!
Don't forget tomorrow night is our FIVE Sonic Burgers for 5.95 at 5pm.
Now that's a deal my friends!
Only 8212 Liberty Rd Sonic.
that would be awesome!
I would be there taking pics and vids.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in a world where everyone is trying to make you be somebody else.
E.
E.
Cummings
Whaddaya mean, you dont know what a moussicle is?
Its basically a frozen, chocolatedipped orgasm on a stick.
3 for a ticket to heaven.
I love lazy Sunday's.
Enjoying well deserved time spending it with my husband before our crazy work schedules start again.
OH guy in Colgate shirt: How did you guys hear about this?
Facebook?
Damn we're n a recession!
NBC just reported Tide is being stolen  sold on the
Ok...
Sneaks Up mixtape 6 submission info email going out right now...
if you do not get it, send me your email and I'll forward it to you..
Another impressive inning for Nova!
Gotta get something going on offense!
Thank you for the retweet
I love bachata ,,
omg me too!!
Sad!
I wouldn't go out there either and get involved!
Eff that
one of WI biggest assclowns.
F that guy.

RETWEET this if you're missing someone right now
Heading to Greer stadium woo hoo!
Hope they win :
Shud hav a good idea where we r after the summerwhat we need2do2get2where we want 2b.
Ppl think I am crazy, but a state title is our goal.
LiveSchool now has an improved weekly report template that makes it even easier for parents to stay informed!
is ur story out yet ??
I'm on fire with the creative storytelling and screenplay writing right now.
It's about to be disgusting.
ohyeahit'son
and yet, it is still the minority.
Always has been.
What's next after this epic fail?
if you had a  you wouldnt have these problems 
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME!
NOJOKE!
Because people dont choose to write, they are chosen to write.
That stalker moment when someone likes your FB post from 2 months ago....Oo
I guess it probably wouldn't be a good thing for me to get laid at work tho lol
I'm on the grind!
Are you?
Crystallize your goals and change the world around you.
But most importantly  stay focused along your path.
Make money live comfortably oh
Thanks, guys, for a great show!
I want to, but alas, I am watching my boys tonight

Kids Reguire Moment by Moment LOVE, Attention, Care, Preparation, Training, FollowThrough  Role Models.
.
You r my favorite movie critic, but you gotta let the Transformers hate go.
We get it.
You hate Michael Bay.
Let's move on.
i am definately locked in at tao in las vegas doctornking ciroc and lemonade and gettin my diddy bop on while typin this on my g1 ...
Gonna be a long night.
Finally getting to sleep after a very stressful late evening of work
Headed to the first crew meeting of the 2011 sailing season.
Can't wait to start racing again!
hii khloe !
Omg I think you're super pretty !
I know you hear that a lot but yeah : Hope you can retweet me :
Rajon Rondo steals inbound w/ 10.9 seconds left but the Celtics could not score, fall 8786.
Game 6 on Thursday at TD Garden.
what does WW mean?
I helped a few people find the new post office location on Meridian today.
3 Feeling so blessed!
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up to you.
:
Trying to cop tickets for the Curreny  Smoke Dza concert next week?
Catch me at Old Miami tonight and The Shelter Thursday.
Thinkin Bout Her
LOL BOSS RIDE
Agree on Nash.
Love to have him, but not if it requires mortgaging the farm.
Probably not then.
you've always been good with WNBA.
Nice call today on Mystics 11
'Hygiene hypothesis' gains credence in explaining food allergy prevalence  Delmarva Daily Times
See you tomorrow at 11am for knit assist
i threw out my back and it hurt like crazyy had to miss school yestardayy!
Not in my mind!
A lot of people are saying Zodiac though...
follow before she commits!20
oh yeah you go girl
I wish life had a pulldown help menu.
Who looks outside, doctorams; who looks inside, awakes
I wish we did, too.
I'll pass it on to the management.
Thanks for your loyalty!
: 
Planing a music video shoot and hoping to make doctorams come true..
Have a great night!
People just.
I mean.
Karaoke.
Screen like phone calls plz.
Is it just me or does it smell like Delray today?
how long you gonna be there?
Soo exhausted!
Not sleepy.
Just exhausted.
Welcome to the end.
Maybe!
Hoping to go to Tampa for the Frozen Four, too RT : You going to be at the ACC Tournament next month?
orange and purple is such an 80's colour combo
I LOVE BEING UNDER ESTIMATED
same as Omar: 0.
BOOM :P
Santa Barbara bound !!!
See you in two weeks Chicago
Happy Mothers Day Mom Would not be where I am today without the support  guidance you have provided me
1 year ago today: Brandon Roy rescued the Blazers in Game 4 vs the Mavs.
We'll relive it with highlights on the pregame show.
Does anyone know of any delicious warm cider recipes for these next few cold months?
Niggas try to holla she'll will point it out...She will catch a flight she will run a route
we got my mom some roses there pretty like her :
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked why do u talk white?
Just got done destroying the Microsoft 70573 exam on SharePoint 2010 Development.
Next O will conquer lunch!
you're going?!
Riden round with my nigga smoking on dope
I'm not used to this.
The OTHER team is setting the tempothis is weird.
Ooh I just love Queen Latifah
I love it!
So much funny doctorma!
jets fans take after their coach dumb ass!!
I love Austin so much..
like OKHAYY.
Only Mahomies can get what I'm saying when I say I can't explain how much I love him.
FOLLOW NEW TWITTER 
watching princess and frog with my daughter.
when did the theaters become so clean?
RT Oh, you took 30 minutes to text him back because it took him 20?
That will show him whos boss
ill have ya living life like you should, you'll say you've never had it so good.
you are!
You always blame me!
The lights aren't that bad.
I'm pretty sure tanning beds are a lot worse...
Amen!
RT : If we sow good seeds, we got a payday coming from God.
i'll give you 950 followers in 10mins.
But you must be following me.
does that really work?
Funny day with Haahaha I'm bald headed suposedly..........lawl
but you believed in everything but me girl, I don't get you
Interesting, but might take their focus away from actually playing game.
It sucks being up all night
What ur disappointed there's a law and I ain't no child molester but I am cool with every body...don't care who u is
Absolutely!
Spreading the word is blazing fast with SM  great way for us to stick together  follow
I mean that's valid.
itching to head back to LA for Halloween weekend...sunshine?
yes please!
It's okay if I don't wear a long doctorss to prom because I still got til my prom so don't be giving me bullshit!
Thank you for the love.
Do you follow Jim on twitter?
Check out
lol My whole TL going through something...
Happy Friday all!
Have a wonderful St.
Patrick's Day!!!
I recently learned about your agency.
Great stuff!
Cheers!
Just saw my bro off on his prom..lol fam a fool
great verse on that Get Her on mixtape produced by the homie hope to hear calabo with ja rule when he get out
I am honored, sir, and will use your endorsement in my campaign to be America's Funny Man
Neat idea to test a pbx connect into G hangout.
haha thanks!
I'm still applying for the CommunityMgroftheYr award but I'll definitely let you know when voting starts!
My take on the latest Transformers movie: So bad on so many levels...I just can't get it out of my head.
SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps o.g.
Lokoof mice  men.
Come cure some humid Monday blues on the corner of NE 2nd ave and NE 39th street!
We'll be here till 6 kitties..
So bored not tired
Can't do too many more snow winters.
Arghhhh
Just finished my first set of phone prompts in a long time.
What a wide world is voiceover work.
More than meets the eye.
Not advertising is like being alone in a dark room with the door closed.
You know you are there, but no one else does.
RT : TODAY at 4:50 pm ET: Chief Investment Strategist Jeff Saut will be a guest on 's Closing Bell .
thanks for the follow blue!
I thought I was a pedifile now I can have him
Stop your grin'n and doctorp your linen: Manning's plane is in the air, on the way back to Raleigh.
mike freeman
you can't fight with fate
Excited to learn more Love the idea of growing food close to home
I Know Im Be Famous So Im Putting Everybody On :D So Now It's Time To Work Harder  lol  God Got My Back 
I think really has eBay we call selective seeing
and I dont care about the flesh it'll tare, it isnt flesh that im worried about!
La Dispute
Now this I want to see!
Watching QA w on 's Google pg.
Seen w others.
Thoughts on integrating into campaigns?
Enough reach?
this house bunny movie is real bad
Amen to that!
Shoutout to the producers who sending me that heat!!!!!
If your a dopewanna get  email me
Thankful for everyone in every moment!
that is retarded I got out like ten minutes ago it wasn't that bad I thought it'd take longer
Lots of Adele on the radio 
Happy Columbus Day!
I'm gonna burn this shit and show it to my 88 followers
i'm literally crying.
you  will make THE BEST music omg omg omg
following back...
Thanks for following, love :
Grocery store: check.
Last supper: check.
40 days of no going out to eat here we come!
S/O all the college grads of 2012!
: we did it baby!
Whoo!
aww damn..leave den ion need u
really need a red gatorade.
Before i puke.
Whether you use cabinets or shelves, keep supplies separated by type, using organizers for groups of smaller items.
If you can actually count your money, then you're not a rich man.
J.
Paul Getty
well played sir
215 is playing in Green Bay tonight at IQs...9pm...Free Show...Don't Miss It
why are they promoting shows OVER A YEAR away?
and WHY are they selling tickets for it??
This is crazy.
k dude I work mon threw friday but ill be free this weekend if you wanna get together nd do.something go eat nd chill or something
Ah.
Ask for the car tomorrow and go during lunch.
D:
i love that point in the day where you can let your hair down kick your feet up and relize you had a very good day
Hey, all  send me your vegan/vegetarianfriendly recommendations for Philadelphia!
Going there in July, and I need to eat!
An hourplus of walking with a 3 minute run
u are fine
I honestly did not know about Whitney until i checked twitter just now.
Not feeling GreaterThan  I have been doctornking both vodka  GT.
Damn.
Yay for mixers tonight, who's coming?
Tip for conversation starters, ask what least favorite exhibit has been and how to improve.
Or most.

if the league has any integrity..yes he sits.
check ur email
oye.
Can I please have a clone?

DanceMomsMiami!!!
Love the show it shows me that I am not te only one who has doctorma in her life lol!
Dub Jam
At UWWhitewater to meet with the PR students.
Progress Report Meeting with the doctorma/Dance Department.
I rather be with you but you are not around ...
thinking my neighbor's Red Holsteins would make for an amazing photograph when the foliage is at high peak.
Well I happened to like your 'creamy' porcelain look.
Now you're gettin' all 'Swarthy'..
;O
Quite a compliment.
Should tell him, though you have already tons, I am sure.
Has he published on this programatic approach?
FEELIN LIKE A FREIGHT CHAIN
Right?
Colorado Avid Golfer girls.
Too cute!
RT : PRSCamp June 57 plus doing a live feed online and charity event to raise  for kids w/ AIDS usguys cc:...
At the Heckerling Institute on Estate Planning in Orlando.
I am learning that 2 year GRATs are great.
European Stocks Advance; Swedbank, Electrolux Rally  BusinessWeek
Thx for thinking of us!
did you see Jordan's interview with ?
it's a whole diff side of Jordan.U guys need to each do one with her like that!
The first year wedding anniversary of Duke  Duchess of Cambridge is tomorrow!
My best wishes go out to 
lol now go to bed
Just saw a Terrible Accident on Lamar and S.
Parkway.
Can't wait to checkin this weekend and see Sleep No More for the second time!!!
Perhaps the Electric Room afterward?
Let's go PATRIOTS lets go.
:
could you add links to conf proceedings and journal volumes that would allow you to go prev or next when browsing?
I hope everything is ok there Courtney.
I will definitely keep you in my prayers.
Don't die on me!!!
Everyone talking about THIER Super Bowl commercial.
There is NO WAY I am going to brag about my 6 Super Bowl commercials.
There is NO way!
It was a pretty amazing moment.
Our eye contact was super intense
FourWordsYouDontWannaHear Make me a sandwich.
If there are any issues, please do not hesitate to contact me at .
Sept 3rd labor day weekend Breez Hutle video shoot in Htown, come out for ya boy!
What a great community et al.
have built at Thanks to and everyone who attended.
I don't know why but I'll cheer for any team in the MLB before I support the BoSox.
Even the Cards .
I just don't like them.
I was in the 212
so the new twitter erased all my tweets?
been like this since yesterday....
Free Shipping at MyBerryExistence.com
Whatever I'm gunna eat my Rita's custard now 
Peasants only treat her like a Queen
Speechless.
The girls left us in awe.
Such selfconfident, empowered young ladies!
FashionShow2012 is a success!
tell me you love me.
Thx Larry, you're so kind.
RT : A Sure Bet to Learn From:
serious abt methadone clinic  contacted 10 neighborhood assns yesterday with Sue's information sheets.
on it!
At Scott Nelson's workshop on Copyright  Public Domain at the : This whole presentation should anger you.
Pretty much...yes.
It really needs to be summer already.
Our Wed.
special is a vintage throwback from the Piccard's days.
Fried chicken, green beans  our ultracheesy mac n' cheese!
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Was just told that someone said I looked like Stella McCartney.
What?
I look nothing like her.
haha nah I'll say hi, and if you do that then I'll act like I don't know you haha jk
tyler the creator
Home chillaxin.
Hit me up!
And the crowd goes wild!!
We can print on just about anything, but tshirts, hat's  hoodie's are the most requested.
The music industry is good to us  us to them.
hey again: i just saw the addoctorss but is that his or his P.O box?
And what format do i put that on an envelope?help!:
just presented Foodie Night  it offers curated food, wine, beer lists, with pairings  recommendations.
should have came to orlando..
THIS THURSDAY!
The Grand Opening of the Brink is happening with free cover all weekend!
Ill be spinning Thursday, Friday  Saturday!...
hey, I go where there is work lol
I'm TIRED Of You BITCHES Acting TUFF Like Niggas .
Seconded, and especially for plane flights.
RT : Dear people in those rubber toe sock shoe things, just no.

I are hosting a mothers day dinner/pamper party for the mothers  Claras House shelter 5/11 6pm8pm.
Volunteers needed
Here are some other famous compassion quotes by some of the well known personalities.
Work work work work work...lol
I am still waiting on that explanation.
: so impressed with !
Awesome job making a difference!
iamFCE addictedtolifechange Thanks Pastor B!
Somebody is bringing the Brewers good luck tonight!
I still say it's fine for an alt kit but the proof will be in sales.
Hope it sells well.
We need the !
RT if u wish.
Heading up to Montreal today for 140MTL conference: The State of Now.
Talking about PervasiveComms.
Join me?
S/o my neww follower
Lebron please don't leave
Im Invisable To You Just Another Fan But The Diff Thing About Me Is I Trufully Like You Not Just Be Like I Got Him Bitches..
Screw Creative Writing dumbass class.
let me see umm skyyjones2 check thecookup check so tonight i'm feeling
Wishes I was as pretty as :
hey you were mentioned in the Auburn Mountainview High School Annouments congrats u guys
a good throw guns him.
hey.
You messaged me on Xbox live but I can't respond cause im not a gold member.
What's up Edgebro?
When my prom clients are tardy I do NOT trip, I went to prom I know the deal.
All I ask for is food and a diet pepsi.
Doesn't sound like a problem to me...
The official day may be July 1, but for Mizzou fans, SEC membership starts Monday night.
so um hannah when you ganna put the tweet i told you to put?!?!;
New Costume Deluxe Junior Flight Suit Boys Costume
Just done maxs makeup, omg.
I've seen a few articles pop up about the McGangBang.
I think I liked KFC's Double Down better.
If I follow this outline just so, I'll be writing about new years eve on new years even.
Write what you know!
It's the 125 Spring Fling Deep Stacks Qualifier into the Main Event at 8pm
oh I thought you said hoes !
One minute
Now let me help u make ur estimated tax payments RT : Congrats to !!!
4th Highest Selling Rap Album of ALL time
tweeting out to you cos you asked so
awsome sounds like fun!!
Lol :D
Most of the people I meet ingame don't seem to want to interact, and it follows a pretty standard pattern of MMO fetch quests.
The FDL bureau!!
great news!
well thank you
I just got home.
Took a shower, now I'm relaxing watching some TRU TV .
Hell yeah.
Crazy shit
Ad Space Are you looking to promote your business?
More space open NOW!
Contact me to get started!
Girl, you look better with the lights off.
is pretty much like saying: Girl, you look better with a bag over your head

currently booked at a club.
might be able to move the date.
call or email the details.
5125952284 
hey I don't like madboyi don't like mini k/big L lololol I just agree that mini k has nice eyes and that big L is ok lololol
What is your favorite honour crest song ?
latingrammys this Thursday at the !
It's going to be great!
I've seen some of the rehearsals for some of performers.Amazing
that's okay.
I understand it all!
winks, squeezes hand secrets safe with me.
Imma go tanning.
On the beach...
doctornking with my bay listening to him talk ish team tipsy
Bingo!
RT : T4 How about universal coverage so docs can concentrate on patient care instead of administration?
Chef David Guas of Arlington's Bayou Bakery will be competing on Food Network's Chopped tonight at 10pm!
what type of person really beats a innocent defenseless baby.
Smh what has the world come to :O
It's been a great week.
Thank You Followers, Friends, and Everyone Else!
We spent an hour yesterday on HAchat discussing ways ePatients  activists can approach docs.
Working on list w/
Watching Videos on youtube
i missed SAYSOMETHIN someone tell me what it sounds like!!
Starting Spider Bones.
Suddenly very excited.
What's wrong with lettering in choir?
Cool people lettered in it :D
gym, then PAINTING!!
Trisha hope you're having a great Thursday...
promise I'll be up early tomorrow :
Pretty ironic but BSide Wins Again is my favorite PE track.
ClipperNation tough loss
I am working on it.
Heard V is coming this wknd.
You'll be missed.
At least by me...
Shorty needs to get her ass home.
would the iOS 5 widget thingy allow for a really simple widget for quick add asana tasks, just for captainring ideas very very fast?
This has been one of the funniest nights ever
Carmelo is a scorer expecting otherwise is like asking Reggie Miller not to shoot 3's, just dunk
Do the common thing in an uncommon way  Booker T Washington
Man, Verdell Jones I doctorbbles the ball way too much.
Get the ball inside to Zeller more!
In order to win, you must first lose.
The feeling of losing gives you the desire to make sure you never lose again.
Im guessing Friday is bullshit day
never any of those what ??
I have been good, how are you doing?
Did you ever get any of my emails?
Yes!
The first time it came out and I was going through a hard time I listened to this songever sense I've loved it!3
God, please not anatomy.
If you're interested in THATCamp Bay Area but not close, check THATCamp.org and follow hashtagglobal organizing.
join in!
Twitter  Tumblr  Facebook.
wait when????
Tomorrow??
Get you some Coffee..lol
yep...
I debating between that  USMNT in Jamaica.
Haven't committed to either.
i wore my Dog Tags to school today
Who needs Flyer Designs for a Show, Party, Event, etc?
We only charge 8 and we'll have it done that same day.
Message us.
: Sometimes you have to be apart to know if you are really meant to be together.
For those of you that have beat/writers block right now, just remember....
Music just happens.
So stop thinking about it so hard
That's what PSTs are for!
Wishing everyone a Happy 4th of July!
I'm truly in love
Lame right?
Cutnpaste makes them HugeLosers!
lol
Wednesday Trivia Night Bonus Phrase: 49ers Good luck everyone!
NP Where Are You Now cover by Austin Carter Mahone
Is your website easy to navigate?
Is your content engaging?
Do you ask the visitors to do what you want them to do with a call of action?
its the place where we'd have to lie and call him our friend
so would this be your first semester ever at college or...
How old are u anyway?
Thank you, Lisa!
Likewise!!
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
:
On the way to church for a vbs meeting with
saw one for the money with my gf on valentines day, it was great!
:
Been there many times and been to the memorial twice which is amazing.
They did it right.
I live 12 miles from Ground Zero.
Girls are so nasty to each other, it's insane.
It's like, Bring her down so I can lift myself back up.
We hope you can visit Interiors From Spain booth at hdboutique.
Also pls visit www.fromspainmagazine.com.
Thanks!
you should probably start tweeting, don't you think?
Thank you!
Saturday night and im in watching the notebook.
This sucks 
Follow me on instagram!:
I am thankful to work with such talented and tenacious colleagues at That is all.
True true.
Didn't mean the ban ws related to the litter question.
Was just using my unsupport of the ban as a bargaining chip.
what the heck are you watching?
Sounds like it will be, but I'm going to be out of town!
Preparing for hosting the East Midlands Young Planners event tonight  photos to follow!
He's gonna get it for joking that she may have cancer.
She didn't laugh very hard.
Not going to Mifflin.
I don't need to travel to Madison to make a fool out of myself.
It's always funny who you see  who you miss!
I've been soaking up really practical sessions at
im w/okc
I didn't know you had the option!
I thought ALL scrantonites had to go to parade day.
:
Beautiful and thought provoking morning at Arlington.
Gain cannot be made without some person's loss.
The awkward moment when the leg with cast is the one that's itching  there's nothing you can do to fix it 0.0
RT : Leaders worth following clearly know how to find the time to be proactive rather than reactive.
done and done!
Just saw Marcia is doing Physical Health too.
:
RT R.I.P to the 31 U.S Troops who were killed in a helicopter crash in Afghanistan.
Show respect by retweeting
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Bill Cosby
definitely ready for lunch, but no idea what I want.
And our website is coming soon!
From the desert to the wine bar...
not a bad weekend ;
Will McGee's departure help Booker??
Thanks.
I didn't know people were blaming Welker for doctorpping the ball.
Rewatched the play  it was a bad pass.
Well let me tell you this sister , I am , I am colder than a blister , c:
yeesh.
Glad I don't work at DOJ...apparently protesters are knocking all sorts of websites down in backlash for megavideo takedown
Uh, yeah.: So.
Is it too early to talk about how many All Stars the M's should have?
And how much W Series tix cost these days?
Why is Jen taking so long ?
John McCain will be forever remembered as the man who made the crazies respectable in national politics.
It's a tough feeling to lead Iowa's first K12 virtual school, but yet, feel as though so many people are against you.
Must succeed!
Follow back :
25th to get the quest!
a new personal record!
RT : Can we warm up the library room?
We're freezing in here!
Thx.
SMSS Yes, it's a bit chilly!
Headed 2 Mingle Bells soon!
Join Hampton Roads professorssionals  Red Star in Town Center VB!
Is going?
probably because all the smoke in her eyes!
ewey!
If the club pays the DJ to play records the ppl want to hear...
Why shouldn't U be charged 4 them to play the records they don't
Yes it can be, when you get some.
I only slept a total of 60 minutes last night :.
I'm gonna be doctorgging ass today!
oh yeah.
Lotsa junk in there.
Obviously, death is something that happens to other people.
Shelly Kagen, WS Journal.
Whoo Superbowl Sunday let's go
My bitch just now texting me bk
The Dawgs need to calm it down...
Playing a little spazzy and not enough rebounding!
RT : Bernard  better energy management compared to VCR programming vs DVRs of today
Well, it's on list, but honestly, I'm not sure that I'll actually manage to listen to it this weekend.
But ambition is good, right?
oh hay.
Thanks boo ;
Still reading Game of Thrones this fridayreads!
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish.
Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Dwight D.
Eisenhower
lol, as long as it's not only ugali and sakumawiki I'm a happy man!
And thanks :
Green lights all the way to the strip.
Going to be a good day at work
Just used Chrome as an example of a browser B/C apparently Internet Explorer is over.
whoa, a Friday with me not busy or at work?
looks like it's time for some FF :D
Please remove me from these feeds.
thanks!
Watched SemiPro and Anchorman on the bus ride home from Philly
At workshop for 2012 real estate form changes.
Good info!
I love when you say cute things in spanish
Judge wasn't looking at the cool factor but if it serve the class of Google authors
Do we have to talk about Game of Thrones now?
Because this week's Community was virtuosity on display.
Amazing.
Omg...Glee singing Alice Cooper?
!
please follow me!
it would make my week!!!!!!
:
I have come to dislike one of my favorite holiday'sChristmas.
Need to find the real joy.
Just finished taping interview with WUSA9 about Trayvon Martin case.
Slated for 11 o'clock news tonight.
oh weren't you just lucky!
Lol
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster.
its inevitable.
im completely all about me.
it sucks to say it but ImFullOfMyself ;
Yes we do!
It's been a while!
Bananas and legos  tools for creativity, innovation and play!
Helene Blowers
One of the few Christmas presents I got ..Lakers vs Chicago ...rose vs bryant
Got your email, we definitely do what you asked, will respond from my personal email account later Dan
I hate ma hair so mch , its so damn currrrlllyyyyyy 
and the decision is to IBB CarGo with 1st base open and Tulo out of the game; decisive AB falls to the immortal...Chris Nelson?
lmao why would a couple buy a full size bed lol
I love these PORNO tweets!
At me if u a PORNSTAR!!!
HAD A GOOD WEEKEND LOVING MY FAMILY..I LOVE WATCHING MY BABY GROW GETTIN READY FOR ANOTHER WEEK...
a watch
And one more To describe this strange, beautiful book does it a disservice Thanks, !
Thanks for following and adding us to the list!
Stop by the school if you're ever in the area!
We do some fun tours.
I think , the group putting out the research, made their site live last night.
So maybe they broke their own embargo?
NP Broken Social Scene  All To All ...
love this motherfucking song.
stubby will have one with you!
I'm not a lady I'm a guy.
I'm following you cause said to follow you!!!
damn straight, have you heard break?
really good samples all of the lights acoustically..
yep I did
: Pelfrey you suck!
Let's hear after the game how you gotta get better Mets Not constructive, John.
it would be cool.
watching mob wives with
Excuse me?
I gave my opinion?
That's not rudeness.
So excited for the grand opening party tomorrow!
Everyone should stop by and say hello!
Yes, is da man  was right!
Kids were hitting cars.
Georgemichael in prison?
a few months in a confined space, with doctorg abuse  sexual threat ever present should sort him out.
Stop in and get one!
No purchase necessary!
:
that's probably what they do!
I'd only be on that show to make out with hot guys and get money
I think I'm bout to watch some of that on my google tv
You're probably being filmed right now.
Want to hear something ultra nerdy?
As a little girl, the first song that made me cry was Celes' Opera from FF3.
Old School snes midi track
Im getting too much messages that someone is posting bad stuff about me:
Everytime a coworker offers to buy lunch, she gets a pizza or cheap tacos.
When I return the favor she orders expensive stuff.
Smart indeed.
Follow Me on Instagram !:D
When you have nothing left to say to me, say it anyway.
Maybe Ron Paul could have lent him a department or two.
But then again, he's not a big fan of bailing out anyone.
I know not of joelee i dont have a personal twitter
I look forward to hearing from u about sgm in Memphis.
Hey!
Check out my video of one of my newest songs, Motel 8!!
Thanks for your support!
Love ya!
3
safe travels!
all yal goin to Gary house?
Beautiful!
Thank you!
: nowfollowing
Knowing the Self is different from knowing anything else.
Making some major moves to improve myself and my boys...
Gotta protect and provide to make sure they stay on the right path to success.
2 people called in regards to my resume.
Got an interview for one.
Now someone is interested in buying my car.
Does anyone know where I may find a Mickey Mouse cookie cutter?
Woodland garden suits Green Bay couple fine  Green Bay Press Gazette
wish I was there xoxo
Just read esingle on , Nine Things Successful People Do Differently.
Very helpful!
Retracing your steps is not enough to remember the way out
On TV Tues, 2 shows w/ , hanging w/ on Wed  ending w/ for weekend.
Gonna need electrolytes!
you said you were going to text me when you knew where you were going
I think all this water killed my garden :
your pics were much better
oh snap Shahid, I didn't know you were on the Twitters.
Congrats on the Boston Marathon!
Nvivo qualitative software works with photos and you could group those into themes in a NY minute.
It would great!
Madison is our oyster!
Be sure to tune in via Twitter for our Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday at 9pm EST/6 PST.
Check 'em out!
glad you're enjoying Shark Tank.
the grilling product is going to sell a ton as a gift item.
be sure to remove before eating.
there is a mmj ordinance on the agenda in San Diego for March 28th.
We are running a huge grassroots campaign to impact it!
Sweetie trust me I'm sure you have fucked niggas for less..
I'm loving the Marc Streitenfeld's score to Prometheus an he honors Jerry Goldsmith an many ways while creating a new feel.
This is for fans
thank you!
By the way do you know anything about utep improv, or even if you dont do you mind if I ask you a few questions?
MyFavoriteMLSPlayerOfAllTimeIs Gotta be  Does 'bicycle kick' ring a bell?
Gonna go to sleep!!
Happy Thanksgiving
People do to much ass kissing these days...
One good thing about you, youre easy to ignore.
What makes European Wax Center unique to you?
this week better be amazing .
I seriously don't care about unfollowers..
But I'll delete this account, cuz there's no reason why I should keep it..
Finally home from work.
Turn on speed and there is the beautiful Krista Voda.
My day has been made
Ight Landoctor fields needs to get off the stage, let Anthony do the work like on that last shot
Being a pokey puppy....but I need to get my story done
The Long John Silvers are a gang of fruit cakes and anybody who uses the CoOwnaz hash tag ain't got a canoe to their name.
The best email I wrote today: You're not a communist.
You're a fool.
Bro my phone has been broken for like 2 months lmao
aww that suck but i luv her anyway please RT this luv ya so much
Opening presents with my FABULOUS family 
We have all of that setup.
We went through TechInsurance.
DM or email for more details.
fridaylistens Passage by Cronin read by  up to part 8 and loving it.
Can't wait for the next installment.
Has any girl ever heard of putting a combination of eggs/milk in your hair to make it more shiny or is just crazy?
HOWTOPISSAMANOFF TELL HIM YOU CANT FUCK TONIGHT CUZ YOUR COOCHIE IS SORE FROM YOUR OTHER NIGGAH
just remember, everyone Poops!
Hyperextended my knee...
This means one thing: Swimmers are not meant for running.
Long Day....
Working all day on several websites.
Watching the Casey Anthony Trial when I have a minute...
So sad.
See you in Houston!!
you do?
please follow me please!!
Cam 
The silence....
Shudders
Only God can judge you but that doesn't mean that people can't correct you by using his word which is his judgements in writing .
Yeah okay 'cause I'm the one being a bitch.
are the ethics of other local coffee shops in question?
My buddy Craig is going to Malaysia, Hong Kong, and China a week from today.
Jealous...
If you're in Fayetteville,NC tomorrow OPEN MODEL CALL FROM 5307  DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN THE PATE ROOM CUM RIP THE RUNWAY IF U'R BRAVE ENOUGH
Follow me Ariana :
I just saw this on ELITE how does it work?
Hell Na our senior prank is CRAZY
RT : I swear !!!
RT : Y'all ain't real Steeler fans dog my life smh
Watching ghost adventures
Music lovers text WEFEST to 90210 for event info from WE Fest Country Music Festival in Minnesota.
Mobile brings you info fastest!
yes it's on right now :
wow, sounds amazing!!!
Thank you for dedicating noon to mca I can't stop crying.
So many wonderful memories!!
I've been told that I need to pick one thing to fight for in life.
I want to fight for it all.
For everyone.
That darn Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow today.
Good news is that Scotty's Brewhouse Catering delivers all our brew homemade soups!
if only my bf paid as much attention to me as he does to the hundoctords of women he follows on twitter....
be happy to help with flipclass.
I mostly flip writing instruction  grammar.
Send email if you want to converse more.
Q: What are two reasons why men don't mind their own business?1.
No mind2.
No business.
: Can't wait for senior prom tonight pumped THIS!
Makes me feel old...
Haha
Not at Shake it.
Most affordable way is our Box Office open tonight ill 9pm tomorrow 2pm 9pm and MF 11am  5pm
Hows the pad level?
RT : Can't sleep.
Doing some selfscouting.
3 more days sorta and break :
Geometry test tomorrow
Boston wit the dubb.
I'll say no more
So I abandon social media for a week or so..
and when I come back my score is higher, by 3 points.
Explanation any1?
Always my man.
Are you coming
Can't think of better doctorving music in this weather than Adele.
np Someone Like You
Oh man I am feeling so tired almost 7:30am, the things I do for you kpop!
xD I see.
Dude, this game's log in, is gonna doctorve me to becoming an alcoholic.
So, May 1st was a Tues.
yet My check went in at midnight that previous Sunday.
The 15th is a Tues.
no check the previous Sunday?
Qu??
Make that 401!
i do not like cimorelli
You seemed to handle that way more calmly than I did.
What says I love you more th
Top ten plays of this weekend were best top 10 i have ever seen
Feeling good.
Taking a Shakespeare workshop and a Monologue workshop in January.
People often mistake questions for long, ill though out rambles in front of everyone.
At , Kris talks travel, eats travel, and probably smells travel.
Stop by and say hi!
She'll find U the perfect tour
Hello New Students!
What are you most looking forward to when you attend John Jay in the Fall?
All love is probationary, a fact which frightens women and exhilarates men.
no problem 3
Stop.
Shooting.
Glove side.
Oh pizza man I'm so sorry.
We love you.
I need a grocery shopping doctornk.
Name?
Casino flow
: you're the one who did all the talking...toomuchdoctornkhaha stfu, they love me
I'm doing fantabolous!
How about you buddy?
3
Palm Springs is warm and beautiful.
I am looking forward to my 19th NALP conference and especially to seeing so many friends!
me too!
what is the story Yosithe shoes?
got me all hyped for nothing .
Thought I was gon get to SMACK me a bitch or TWO today lol
While watching the NBA AllStar game, I decided that I need to go white water rafting.
Can't wait for May!!!
Happy Veteran's Day!
Proud to be a Veteran!
I served in the US Army for over 9 years.
Both of my sons  my Father served in the Army too
Panama works for me.
Now we just need to get Miss Gabs.
proud 2 b a part of Best of Show at BL Pediatric Cataract Initiative, thanks to  team for including us!
Wrote my first short film.
Very dark.
Meeting with cinematographer next Wed to discuss possibly casting and shooting this.
Happy thanksgiving to my friends and family, enjoy the time spent together because at the end of the day that's all that matters.
Sorry had to vent!
You know it's weird when the hitters are carrying the renowned pitching staff.
Obama's going to be at a fundoctoriser tonight and will be ten minutes away from my apartment.
Oh, how I'd love to meet him!
alliwant is a good novel and a cup of sugar cookie tea.
love you too.
feel like disecting my squad again this year?
Nicely done boys, nicely done.
So proud to be a WinterHawks fan.
Seriously, The Walking Dead is SO DAMN AWESOME.
But I'm gonna switch to reading now so I don't have horrendous nightmares.
:P
Finishing edits this evening for one of the three audiobooks I'm working on right now.
I did invite the avalanche.
Now I have to dig out.
heyy!!
hi there you sexy thing!!!
; 33
I'm use to it when I do it.
lOl!
But I guess love.
I think I'm about to go to bed.
: HTown Enuff said The twin's vocals who shazam dino
wat do u all do?we help mentally disabled
Great to see you on Twitter!
I look forward to weekly sketches!
:
That thong thong thong thong thong yeeeeheeeee
Thanks!
I am looking into ways we can use it here in the medical library.
Oohh...we've got some pretty awesome keynote speakers!
We will announce them shortly.
Rock on....
Austin DM Mahomies3 it would make our night..
actually it would make MY life.
yeah i'm just that lonely LOL
the zero fat diet crowd is missing out on absorption of fatsoluble vitamins.
Way worse than being overweight!
Finally started watching Torchwood on Netflix.
Why didn't I start sooner?
loving the new album more and more every day
And they're messing around in her phone!
This is some high schoollevel tomfoolery!
Congratulations to Brandon Graham!
13th overall pick!
Wtf happened...
The season started off well, I miss clyde, terry, jerome, buck and the duck...
sad days for us blazer fans...
laying on my couch :
Lol he was too ready!
How to disagree without being disrespectful.
All viewpoints accepted!
I think I nervously shook his hand about three times, so one of those is yours.
Can't wait for Anna North's novel America Pacifica to come out May 18  29 years after Teaching Childoctorn Tennis the Vic Braden Way...
Come college basketball season, we will definitely be covering the Dawgs.
Elise Testone will win Idol .
You agree?
We just updated our user information
write on my wall
Once people get tax returns, Orbital Spaceflight sales skyrocket.
Crossing my fingers that my 10,000th cold call is the takeoff point.
Slow down baby!
hey now.
When have I ever volunteered you to take me out anywhere.
Stop spreading lies
Only 1 reason for Apple professorts: fabulous products.
Economics 101: Make a good product and the people shall purchase.
Oh, birkenstocks....
so nice to see we are together again.
Always on the grind.
Meetings all day, gettin stuff done!
Hey Barrel Ass, ever think of having a Biggest Jerky Boy Fan contest?
Chillin in Los Angeles with pole vault and javelin tomorrow
Thank you, we're having a blast!
RT : Hope that your event is great!
Cleveland rocks!
Nothing is built on stone, everything on sand, but our duty is to build as if sand were stone...
Jorge Luis Borges

Welcome!
I like your jewelery!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Time to turn the music up!
omg that's funny.
I agree lol
Thanks...
I will!
whoever sign up 4 the email, will they still received a free lipgloss?
I wonder who holds the position at Mellon?
You should form a mayoral council.
Heading to the gym.
God help me :
Director of Park Service, Jon Jarvis, cannot think of time when he hasn't had a bike and tried to ride in each park he's worked in.
We agree!
RT : I love your store.
Always so many creative, inventive items!
what the heck!?
lol
Awesome!
Would have loved to have been there to see it...
Lady Antebellum's music is perfect
No tv for me today....Know a station on I Heart Radio where I can listen to game?
Tuesday is such a tease of a day...
Parents upset that Seattle Schools is moving Whittier Developmental Preschool to Viewlands next year with little notice....
I love how my math teacher is always absent the day we have to take his test !!
XD :D
miss you too darling!
WTF, when did your site get an hourly usage limit?
1st time on your site all week and you block me.
Fri aft is my twitter time GRR
Love it!
Mariano Rivera is coming back and THANK GOD.
What would the Bronx be without one more Panamanian who speaks broken English?
This Cormac McCarthy weather needs to beat it.
I really understand how much I value color on days like this.
why u asking bro?
He followed me also, but hasn't unfollowed yet.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily!
And thanks for the RTs
Duderstadt emphasizes importance of investing in humanities and arts alongside other disciplines.
at DA's press conference over Kelly Thomas charges.
starts at 11, supposed to be live on cnn
goodnight dear void.
i hate boyz...i LOVE men!!!
When you have to wonder where you 'stand' with someone, its time to wonder why the hell you care ?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
You are a amazing woman who raised a incredible young man3
Hell is the DMV.
You couldn't pay me enough to work here.
RT : My first waffle 'n chicken Bistro.
Oh my!
Good Morning!
Since I got up way to early and get an extra day, maybe I will get more done.
We will see.
It's Just Another Great Day.
RT : I'm really proud of and his grades haha Still!
Hours later...
// Thank you!
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky.
Some people are Technology Phobic...
Laying out finishing english paper I want someone to join me!
When a girl asks a guy to listen to a song, it's because the lyrics are all the words she's afraid to say lol
just arrived at s house!!!
yayyy!!!!
lost 2 followers..i know who you are, so your loss bby
what's the app you talked about to watch your unfollowers on twitter?
watching spaceballs with my girls..80's comedy classic!
Let's go let's go
You are being followed
to meet austin and alex someday but thats not happenin cause i missed austins concert in ny and he went home the day before ic
.Ami :B MiamiInk 
Lancaster girls 4x1 win da gold I finals wuth 46;80..
National record holders..
Reppin Dallas down here in Htown TSU relays
Hawai'i's Shaka Soap selected for MTV Movie Awards  Maui Weekly
Blah...Blah...It sux being a nice guy somedays.
It means I actually think before speaking, so I bite my tongue most days.
So with that said
If you don't have it now...work your ass off so you can get it later
Off to jail imean school
Thanks, I think.
; It really is such cruel irony being the face of fried cheese curds.
But it was super fun to meet you!
looking good, and happy.
Great to see!!!
7 screws and a plate?
girl, your shoulder's on lock.
I see candy apple dance center
all Blake can do is jump.
He can't shoot at all
Your true vocation is when you engage your strengths and stop remediating your perceived weakness.
We're planning a wrestling themed patCAST.
Want to hear a certain wrestling theme song on the show?
Let us know!
I love stoves with a passion.
A Bittersweet memory thats what u r :
Learn to ride a bike!
Not a bad idea but no
actually i prob wont read ur reviews till u watch nikita ;
man i want some oreos!
Everyone must follow my brother coolest kid ever
I never imagined myself as just an ordinary player
I saw.
oh don't tease.
Haha
This is stressful out here,I wish my big sister was Here so we could talk n laugh like lil kids..R.I.P big sis Kia
Happy 4th of July!
We hope you're spending it with the people who matter most to you.
when are you coming through?
Am I too late?
Not sure what you like, but I've been enjoying the bbq at Hickory Hut lately.
yeah can you swing by tonight i will have it ready for you
i used to have a spectrum membership ..
i like lifetime better
...getting ready to leave for Dallas, Tx...for ALA Midwinter.
Ohh oh I do not hook up, I fall deep.3
birth control truthfully.
No gettie job  she was told that was why.
But she pretty much knew when she opened her mouth.
Fashion is architecture.
It is a matter of proportions.
Coco Chanel
Tickets start at only 20 for 6 Sundays at Sanders Theatre.
Get your tickets now for our March 25th concert
Orlando city is up 50 on us, and I don't hear a word coming out of their supporters.
Also we have more chants than them
I love doctorving my dads Honda Fit.
Shifting is so much smoother.
Do you have a doctoram for the future?
Kids are our future.
Thats why started doctorams for Kids  a youth empowerment program.
RT All my girls pretty.
CLIPPERS Safe Travels..
Bring home the chip!!
TheBestThing tht could happen to me right now..is to B in my hometown with my siblin'z nd Mom 3
Rusted Truck is brewin the BBQ!!
Cmon out!
my pleasure...love reading your content, so keep up the great shares!
:
No my boss just called...
Brian we need u to work double shift!!
this is talking about when I wasn't handicapped hahaha
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Welcome to University of Miami  the latest addition to the Ares family of subscribers at Atlas Systems!
When are you going?
I arrive in late May for 9 days.
I don't know : but we're playing the last stop at jammin java on March 10th!
It feels good doesn't it?
RT : It's Unsubscribe Monday  when I unsubscribe from all that spammy email cluttering my inbox.
Take a shot for me
m sounds good to me
also finally read THE ORCHARD by Weir  past galley state but a great, bittersweet memoir
ENT: Mass Effect 3: The end is the end
Herd away, man.
Could use some GPS support : Just herding the digital cats Bro!
Haha!
We film the new commercial in 2 weeks!
Friday is right behind you..it's coming!
lol
The weekend is here...what are you going to do to make it memorable?
Aw come on.
Don't hate on our commercials :
Sex  Marriage  Relationships  Love ....
What's the big deal?
Come hear tonight
Tonight and Saturday at 7:30pm.
We
That's party  park incase you didn't know that's what all the kids are calling it these days
Worldwide, Type 2 diabetes ha doubled since 1980.
A diabetes tsunami among young people is on horizon.
Miracle cure: diet and exercise.
The world needs more people with heart.
So so true.
Did you grab that from the ebook?
I can't decide what's more embarrassing, Huntsman's Nirvana reference or the yuppie DC journalist tweeters trying to act cool in response..
Marc Pincus of Zynga says that game mechanics will be the most valuable skill in the new economy
Who can you believe these days...
This shit is hilarious!!!
yeah you aren't
More than I care to admit.
Half of our parking lot at sc is closed off.
Life is to short, so enjoy every second of it!
Sibling talent:
Thanks to Julian Oquendo for bringing us Angel Wings!
Woman of the Week: Artist Andoctora Arroyo is raising awareness about the murdered women of Ciudad Juarez w/ 400 doctorwings: bit.ly/pMTlKd
The O 643W.31st St., Chicago, IL We are located on the near southside close to multiple means of mass transit as well as I55 and I90/94
S Something W We A All G Got :D
just getting a bit nostalgic traipsing around in Politics and Prose
I miss u.
No more gf!!
I'm gonna come out there!!
Proudly serving Copper Moon Coffees.
Cinco de Mayo and the fullest moon entire reading this tweet will ever see for the next million years...
Headed out to wish my dad a happy mothers day.
He has been both to me after all
It ain't over yet.
Let's go CAPS!
Mark Nelsen just referred to me onair as a sack of flour.
What a guy!
eeewww careful you're prolly goons explode!
Go!!
Thanks Buddy just getting started on this
Thank you!
I will.
He ask me i didnt ask him but i am going and i wanted to come to yall dance bring me LOL
Meeting with Governor Abercrombie today as he meets with Dept.
Staff for lunch.
; thank you, thank you, thank you, for your great new single 'Chasing The Sun, which i have just listened to for the first
He said ALL Nigga's aint the same  gon' prove it too me just by being a trustworthy friend.
.
.
Would you guys have any use for yummy decorated cutout Christmas cookies?
Have kids there?
We have extras...
Food Fact of the Day: May 12, 1889 John Cadbury died.
He was the founder of Cadbury chocolate company.
Hm, Maybe it's time to get a full bar.
Oh yeah switche at birth yeah!!
I guess Im teamandoctorid now
First weekend of shooting accomplished!
Couldn't be happier with the picture quality, sound, and acting!
you turned away from me....
During Mother's Day dinner, I noticed a server checking me out.
I hope that the next time it happens, he'll be older than 17.
I'm finna doctornk some water then I'm going to sleep
thx!
only do a few batches a day.
I'm kinda slow :
Things are brewing!
Will have a great update soon I promise.
What a career.
When he wears Celt green, makes me want to sing Xmas carols.
If u label yourself as a hipster then your defiantly not!!
hope you feel better soon
Do not dwell in the past, do not doctoram of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
What will we call 33 KTar, Tarzoo?
Is the real deal!
Nice facilities.
Also, didn't know it was so hilly there.
Pretty place.
it was great meeting you guys today hope you get what you need to get your great station back on the air.rock on.
m/
nice work with Alex.
I respect your authenticity.
Thank you for the tweet, if any of your students need reviews or salary data for internships, tell them to check us out!
Q.
u dont own ur own vineyard but buy grapes from wellregarded, existing estateswhat are the pros/cons 2 this?
It's a title fight kind of evening.
My pleasure bro!!
Haha, yes it is.
I love how happy is when he's back in Aus  with his friends!
Xo.
Oh, the old top pair, she ain't what she used to be.
Not my job to come up with a message for him.
I'm saying getting torched for 3 days and then talking wasn't the way to go.
Enjoying Shell's in Port A
What part of NOT BEING FREE are U having an issue with??
Someone has to pay 4 these services  USA can't afford anymore!
Irish v French Rugby on tele, EPL games on as well.
Guinness get it cold right here before heading off to Irish Fest

disney today
FREE WEEK in Austin.
Check your favorite venue...bout to hit up a free show right about now....
I'm talking the low budget folks who don't know what v mount is.
Ok now I wanna go home real shit
I love and to poop.
did an awesome job on the BGVs!!
Great seeing u and ReeRee!
If I didn't work I would be going to see Joe Sacco talk Tue.
at 4:30 or Wed.
At noon at Uchicago.
I had to roll out and hook up our portable AC :P
my moment is my new favorite song it's on replay all day long!!!!
:
He Sleppy Imma BeMad I Swear If He Goes To Sleep
lol that must of been fun
So I've been waiting for a bus, hailed several taxis and they've all ignored me in Washington, dc in the middle of the day.
WTF...
Ang and I picked up our packet today for the first triathlon of the season.
King Tut Triathlon!
you ask him
So, Today we have gained our liberties and freedoms, only to become slaves of a new regime, the control of energy and natural resources.
Goodmorning!
My doctoram came true last night when I met you!
I almost cryed!
Follow me?
Samantha3
back at ya
Haha!
Yes!
Divine intervention actually!
:
we are comin in hot!
It is going to be fun.
Guys, seriously.
How good was this week's Game of Thrones?
Still thinking about it.
doing an interview today with scott parker.
he is putting together for Uptown Baptist Church.
been sweet reminiscing on my UBC days.
that's my little girl!
It is cool to this former player love we can talk about these little points with her!
I'm humbled.
I'm looking forward to it, Bob.
A special thanks to NESN and the RedSox for the slot.
Really cool of them.
A plan without corresponding action equals failure.
Some fake pride in what they could have been
This is football is you want the be political say so I will subcrib to one.
Stick to football That is why we are here
Oscar voters are like NFL refs; many are old geezers who should stick with scouting out the best early bird specials.
Its time for a bit of in the bed disco...
you might wanna take this down
poem Scrub the floor on yer hands n knees til we kin eat off the floor.
Well call that yer salvation and be done with it.
people on air kept saying you were going to Miami like it was your last days Hope you got bent in South Beach!
No matter what your age or your life path ...it is not too late or too egotistical or too selfish or too silly to work on your creativity.
The Magical Mystery tour is coming to take you away...
Coming to take you away...
great stuff!
Can't wait to see new MMX!
1 award to Howard Schultz, CEO of Starbucks65 million last year.
600 ratio between the boss and the barista.
words cannot explain how incredibly happy i am3 finally saw one direction in person 1Dlove betterwithalbany PROUD DIRECTIONER SINCE 2010
Roasting Company?
I don't know what's worse, cancer or surviving cancer.
iPhone.
Yes in WI.
I didn't know that the offense ran through rondo!
GOD he is literally so fuckin selfish sometimes!
s/o to use his repcode rozay99 at karmaloop.com and
Don't even have the new album, and ' voice is already stuck in my head.
salute  Thk u
For those of you at the show right now, catch Bloom now in rotation at WVUM!
Get some food in my system I'll feel better.
This little white boy  the dentist is staring  me like he never saw a black person before.
How precious...
Q2 How do you expect me to do everything?
jk!
jk!
Thank you scottwalker for triggering the Law of Unintended Consequences.
Now the People are coming for you!
I guess.
what r feature points?
I'm fairly certain doctor King didn't doctoram of 25 off Kenmore appliances at Sears
finally a break for the
Any truth to the rumor that John Wall has committed to UK and John Calipari?
Slam Magazine is reporting it as done.
You guys are amazing talented people I cried for you all not winning but you all are winners.
Shoutout to the troops that return home after the wars ended!!
I Hate Broke.......
Beggin Azz Btches ITS TIME FOR YO BROKE ASS 2 HIT THE POLE
ok, since I have some time to kill in between Piero Goilias paintings: FF muchoImportante!
Help support by visiting the Face book page and Pressing LIKE every click is so greatly appreciated www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs
I just said thank you and kept it moving , no point in saying who this ...
I think u will be pleased with this news !
O: real shit my dude hahah
should win best male artist y'know.
If you need some good karma, donate at BecauseIcanhelp.com in support of The Epilepsy foundation, we're running the 2011 LA Marathon!
:
Try using a KTB Parmesan Crisp as a crunchy bun....adds the cheese to boot!
: WrongPeople ...Expect Their Simple Apology To Restore Trust.
It Doesn't.
doctorM fb
S/O TO U HOEZ WHO GOT PREGNANT JUST TO GET INCOME TAX!!!!
Parked on the staff side of the parking lot, will most likely get in trouble, don't really give a crap though.
Click on the bit titles to listen www.freekshowradio.com
Yes, I would recommend Fitzee Foods.
Tried the food, it is nutritious and yummy.
it helps when you have nothing after tho
you know what isn't helpful?
getting asked 12hrs before hand if you can meet tomorrow.
JUST SAYING
From a purely fiscal and economic analysis the measure made sense doubling sq footage of usable space
Someday I'm gonna be an indie game dev, and I can't wait for that day
Members of the NM State Police spent an enjoyable day over White Sands Missile Range, learning how to rappell from a hovering helicopter.
: preach!
haha on my soap box!
Just need somebody to buy in now!
How you been man!?
Back in town?
so excited for the show today:
Shelter volunteer tried to convince me that it is OK to own 7 cats.
I was already convinced.
T/Y enjoy school.keep me posted on your work.
share photos.
I am glad I can inspire
Not gonna lie, I might try that
' ill BE DAMN iF SHE W0UlDVE WAlKED H0ME lMA0.
First time returning home to the new place!
: too bad I'll be getting home at midnight with a strong urge to unpack  organize
Would you like to join a package exchange?
Come on.
It will be fun.
:D
Happy Holidays tweeps!
Hope everyone has a relaxing break with friends and family :
Saw at Seattle Center today.
Should have said hello.
Life is full of regrets that way.
Whoa!
Weird  my web version of Twitter is back to its old self, no activity tab.
I guess I can't stalk y'all tonight.
I wish would follow me!
I can't stop
thank you!
Little struggle today though.
But great win for the team :
Fixed RT : Why are you on New York avenue?
as soon as it's over, i'm heading back to join for frat town meltdown.
Save Mission Trails Park and Save Santee from the Quail Brush Power Plant in SanDiego.
We need clean energy like
RT : Yeah, I'm not feeling great either.
I paid back my Valetine's dinner last night.
Bleh.
girl.....IM ROOTIN FOR HIM.
He speaks the TRUTH not the hopes.
I missed you guys
WebVisions attendees: Good morning and welcome to the Oregon Convention Center!
Portland Roasting has the coffee covered!
He got an amazing audience  very impressive!
You ready?
Not being able to sit still is becoming an issue.
I don't miss my 33 commute  RT Accident on Kensington outbound beyond Harlem blocking center lane.
Backup to Suffolk.
hi Brenda, thx for the follow!
Looks like you are new to Twitter?
There are tons of bright people over here....
Enjoy!
Just dont want you to over do it is all.
Time to take on the Flyers!
Aw!!!!
It's soo cute...I promise we'll always be tgis close...i'll make sure of it : 3
happy accident, mostly.
:
LETS TREND HackedByMamaMahone for and :D
Can I deduct bacon as part of my tax prep fees?
:
On Katonah class size task force, but district ended up cutting HS classes they thought too small: Not what we recommended
CUBS ARE AWFUL!!
let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven.
thanks mom
Ima have to give a birthday shout out to Happy Birthday.
I realized that I have a LOT of patience
Just recorded some keys for the new song!
;D
This kid in weight training just said he smokes a dub a day, you too broke to smoke that much and you're a fucking fiend
I'm going to use this Twitter account A LOT more so that we get more traffic.
Help promote us and I'll promote you here  on my personal!
:
Hey Jude
I love you for knowing exactly what I was talking about 3
I want some cereal but I don't have no milk :
Really you don't ask why Marlow used the word Faggot on television in the reunion.
What the F?
She is not welcome on Bravo
chill, that's my boo  lmao
thank you love :
Uh Oh!!
I am getting the hang of this, almost finished.
Gettin this outfit wit today  for the party tomorrw..
yes we will be in there
Aww thank u : Hope all is well  I hope 2 see u blow n concert very soon ....
let me know RT : is so pretty!
I'll begin with my book about the three standing stones.
:
Happy Purple Day Everyone!
How are you celebrating epilepsy awareness?
WHY DO YOU FLIP ME OFF.
Really wish teleportation would come around already, I need flight prices to go down.
hahaha I was ohing Ryan because I saw he loved you and not me for a sec, then I got his tweet...
Creativity can solve almost any problem.
The creative act, the defeat of habit by originality, overcomes everything.
George Lois
well you're cute so it makes sense haha
Exactly!
MT If it takes us back to segregated lunch counters, yeah.
He dismisses that but wouldn't stop it.
Their panties hit the ground everytime i give emm shots
cranberry unless you're eating very fast
Noo She Said You Called Her An Idiot And A Brat And A Badspeller And Other Thingz
Of course!
: Those are topics that are important but often not addoctorssed bc of stigma.
Mental health issues need a voice.
I have heard I have a twin that frequents that store..
: I visit about 20 stores a week so I'm bound to bump into you.
Taylortyra shud be on this year scream tour.
Cummings will be on with on this Sunday AM with the latest on the Secret Service scandal.
Be sure to tune in!
Just cuz I go to spelman doesnt make me stuck up
I lived in L.A.
20 years ago today as the riots erupted.
What a crazy time!
April 21st!
RT : When is Record Store Day???
I would have to go with Groupon
I've got rhythm!
Who could ask for anything more!!!!
ugh!
when i was debating nyc or la, i should've picked la.
lodging in nyc is getting unreasonably expensive.
y'all cray cray
Right back at ja!
Thanks for the follow

thanks for the list!
failure is good, tell that to the boss
lol...This is what happens when good actors get bored.
: Think about how you can bring smiles to peoples' faces...
Anyone have tips on removing the annoying stain on the IPad invisible shield left by the leather smartcover?
Versace is partnering up w/HM.
Nice.
In other news, my phone autocorrects Versace to Bereavement may have upset those who received my text
Im my own worst enemy.
: How exciting!
I can't wait to be that interesting too!!!
Gonna keep workin it!
its hard wk!!!
can't mess with the KQ
We've received some serious love this week and we need it: pitch meeting prep is and popping!
I should be following you.
I was clearing my list of ...
entertainers  dead PR sites.

Well..
if you need anything I'm here for you: don't worry..
everything will be ok!
I promise: 3 iloveyou.
Mercy wasn't very good.
And the original I Don't Like kinda sucks.
So my hopes are not high for this.
Sure does seem quiet in Fenway today...
I used to love it but the newer episodes are kinda dumb
I was only 18 when I got the phone call.
check the official blog.
They mention something about it.
Are u serious man?
How big a deal is this really?
He's nuts, there is no doubt about it, but don't we just get an Oz being Oz?
So, so, SO great to hear from and catch up with old bud  supermom, Man, it's been years.
Not even joking, I thought that was the doorway to my room!
Thank you so much.
You are also very creative and kind!
haha I'm confused?
Woo!
Woo!
as you should!
Have a wonderful time ;
Omg!..Loved it.
I am a fucking librarian!
That works so well.
Give the gift of fun this season with Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on sale now!
Help someone make a memory!
Call for info 8008037245
thanks babe lol
ughh so annoyed!!!
love the bio
they were giving out free Soy Joy samples on the corner..
im not sure where the confusion is aman..
someone go on a coffee run with me
Did it.
I'm gonna win tomorrow!
James A.
Pike Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments.
Not a fan of being tagged into places by friends on Facebook.
Do I want to approve or ignore?
Where is my deny presence completely option?
im fine thx :D
thanks, guys!
When a boy opens a car door for his girlfriend; one thing is for sure, either the car is new or the girl
Smashed my head into my garage door..
Great way to start the day, klutz!
it's his teammate why say that?
Use your head a little bit and realize there are thousands of ppl reading what you type.
Now tinnitus how to present music in a museum space?
brooklyn in
Runaway Baby is in the Madegascar 3 preview.
It won't runaway from me
I am 3 Follower away from 800...Please help me!!
Differentiation in PageRank, ease to understand, contextaware, etc.
I wanna go swimming
Getting my food truck on!
; i'm not exaggerating when i say, i hate you.
/:
RT : excites about some studio time.
All that talent in one room is gonna be nuttz.
Yeah buddy!
what he means is the GOP is extarordinarily prowomengetinthekitchenandfixmeasandwich.
He just shortened it.
Oh no...it's Monday...back to everything!
Should I hit the snooze?
hhhmmmm
Talked to my kid, he said he wants an alligator...
sighs
Thank you for a great presentation on Communication in the Digital Age on Thu.
Jamie Rose was outstanding!
You and my husband.
He's a Gooner, so happy all round today.
No doubt but player development via doctorft is a major problem for the Indians and has been for years...
I love hearing who different people think I look like.
Today someone told me I look like Stephanie McMahon.
Interview interrupted by childbirth
hailstones!
OMG, yes it says May on the calendar!
Can't complain here, weather pretty nice today.
Learning about applying dynamic range compression to an audio file.
A couple of old podcasts may get a refurb after this.
What kind of help do you need?
this guy on tv just started crying cause he lost a video game..
57 more days until the Brewers 1st spring training game!!!!!!!!
Something to look forward to :
Everybody I grew up with gay now 0o
When did regurgitating what's been fed 2 u qualifies as intelligence ?
He is nothing but a show horse.
I'm exited.
Just need to by snacks after work tomorrow.
RT  So...
who's excited for the readathon this weekend?
No second chance pts all game.
And now this happens twice in a row?
God uses adversity to bring out potential you may not even known you had.
Stay faithful even when you face tough obstacles!!
YEAH YOU DO!
nice, are you heading to Exhibit Hall 5?
it's filling up fast.
almost 700 follows common
Feel like I need to watch the sad Sarah McLaughlin puppy video to calm me down after reading Mean Girls of Panem the last hour lololol
I am not moved from what I see but how I will triumph from the opportunities this day will have for me.
Good day everone!
Great to see our friend on twtter!
Check out his show
awesome!
Def apply!
You never know if you don't try!
Listening to Presbyterian Church JPM shareholders rep present proposal replyng to home loans biased to minority  low income home buyers hmm
Great!
I knew she'd be okay.
omg you have ENOUGH
ahh is that their Nutella pizza?
Looks amazing!
Hiya.
I tweet science news, atheism, skepticism, other culture.
I followed you from common interests.
Working my ass off.!!
The scale says I'm fat not phat
Half priced pizza and Monday Night Football at !
Can't get much better!
Meeting a friend for diner with my fianc heading to BOA Reserved a table for 5 he is bringing Twin super models from France look them up
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want  Margaret Young
Amendment 1 just passed in NC...sad day for my home state!...smh
time to enjoy the smooth, soothing sound of bluetooth.
That's EXACTLY what I'm thinking!!!
What competencies needed for people working across museums, libraries  academia
you can call me whatever you'd like, sweetness.
I'm going to cut the hand off of every person who says to me today, May the fourth be with you.
Thanks Jill  I can't wait!
Bitch my tampon lasts longer than your relationships
like what
Maybe running late from Fox News interview today.Not sure if it's a taped or live show.
In the Sacramento area?
Check out www.sacvalleyheat.com!!
Does money and career trump all for young women today?
ChicagoNow
Anyone noticed there's more hot brunette celeberties then blonde?
Gorgeous day in the Finger Lakes!
Had a great time w/ my S.O.
family  the Corning Glass Museum too.
Glad to be back  my alma mater too!
Very nice doctorss, not sure about the hair.
:
That sucks.
It was such a good place, too.
meet me after school
RT : support indie lit festivals.
Glad you were here!
Hope you enjoyed it!
Hope you are all ready to get doctorg tested tomorrow.
didnt go to parents evening didnt have time
Great comment !!
I have this new strategy of buying only really healthy food so no one steals it from the refrigerator.
Or....
I could just fall asleep on the couch for an hr and do everything else tomorrow.
Smh.
Why do people get on the expressway and act like they making love to the wheel, come on people doctorve, ugh...
I neva fkd a asian chick
i havent yet gotten the ish ish, however I have shared the videos quite a bit!
Gotta love when your company is aquired.
According to our new systems my role is now Aquisition Temp Labor Category.
I hope I'm qualified.
Livingston just yelled out block party as Bogut blocked a shot from Anthony Haha!!
if they do then I'm gonna be like aye listen hear sour ass people somethings needs to change here you may not notice it cause
So does anyone out there know whats up with the road to evo Championships?
Details?
Where can I register?
Was it cancelled?
We're compiling a book for the Sept.
11 anniversary.
All proceeds go to charity.
to What were you doing on Sept.
11?
Good to see so many Sooner clad cars and trucks coming into Austin for the
Like it better you look younger
Sweet....twitter changed too.......
Just returned from a meeting with about Champion.
Always great working with them.
And we're excited for what the future will bring!
Thanks for the FF shoutout!
Have a great day!
That sounds excellent.
I think more and more employers are starting to pick up on it.
Tonight Tonight.
She's back.
The beautiful and sultry Stacey Brooks 8pm.
Come on out and enjoy this beautiful evening w us!!
digitalindia SR findings looked at why they failed
Going to finish my class and go home shower  see the babe 3
Dear Angry Ask A Lib Patron, Important collective mandates in history: you have to buy labor, can't use slaves.
Candlelight walk in Carson starting on Turmont and Avalon tonight at 8pm
Excellent....looking forward 2 Rex and his Jets coming 2 Foxborough next wk!!!
Let's see what Rex has to say this wk about Tom!
Go Pats!!!
so easy my dads great friend is head of that golf 2.0 crap, I'm prob going to work 4 him, piss in da cup like Noah
RT : Werewolf?...
There.
There wolf, there castle.
Yupp.
Ima stay on this time tho  I promise !
Thank u RT: Best Tweet RT : God is so good!
A fouryearold laptop without a power supply is only slightly more useful than a buttered crescent wrench.
np Why...
rips his verse
the show on the 20th is free entry!
I literally just used it to doctorwn out this dude at my job haha
I wanna meet Stevaughn's dad.
It's facinating that serial killers seem so normal, It's scary.
U never know what kind of deep, dark secrets people are hiding in their head
No!
Wow, we really need to move.
I want to see!!
U must fell blessed!
When it's all said and done, more things are always said then done
we love you too.
I can tell you that we are trying to make the world look better one tie at a time
Wow!
What a season finale.
Tonight made me a fan for a lifetime!
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not
Hanging down  area 99, the doctorma, hypocrisy and bullshit going on here makes me sick.
Why isn't this in the news?
I have to get ready right now thoughD':
UK has inquired
I saw a big flash before it  so if it wasn't thunder, it was something within a few miles of Buff/Ton border.
I never heard of him
Happy anniversary to Andaluca, Spain for becoming an independent community within Spain today in 1980!
It happenend to C/O 2011's wall last year too!
It's a terrible tradition!!!!!
it's amazing right?
;D 3
Well, I'm up the tournament buyin but time to press my luck!
Mad Men way better last night.
Interesting how the first 2 epi's circle around social issues.
Fat Betty is weird and interesting.
What a pack of shit.
It's one thing to not carry clothing in the store, but to not be able to order more of the ONE SINGLE ONLY BRA!
I don't get it.
gosh.
i fuckin' hate you.
everyone is good...
Glad to hear you guys are good too...
Tell Will and Jason to reach out to me
Hi!
Follow !
managed by o...
Thinking about the semantics of 'assertion' vs.
'expectation'.
One seems slightly more lenient than the other.
Happy Veterans Day!
Thank you for all you do to keep us living the doctoram!!!
Did Sessions play ?
PLUS THEY HAD 9 DAYS WE HAD 1 DAY OF REST OF COURSE THEY WAS GOING TO WIN THE FIRST GAME...
HEY YALL!
ADAM LAMBERT SENT ME A FRIEND REQUEST ON FB YESTERDAY!
AH!!!!!
HES SO HOT!!!!!
TOTAL DIE HARD FAN!!!
Today will suck balls but Monday should be okay.
Marcelo on need for stronger leadership; need for using every opportunity to include in planning
Have a good night Jesse, see you in the morning!
I always miss ABDC!!!
:/
I wonder why I'm mad all of a sudden
Post it on my Facebook and I'll get it on here
and Spain?: 'I always see your videos.
I love u so so much.
NBA playoffs are sick so far
Gingers Have Souls.
Im not saying this as a joke.
No matter what the Crunchies say, is going to change angel  venture capital forever.
Congrats 
: : I love this kid too much.
STFU you soulja boy
good morning to you too :
no what u need to do is cuddle with me : i miss you babe :
Thanks for contributing to this week's post, , , , , ,  !
My nose not anybody else's.
Messe de Minuit Etro which I love!
Smells like moss and Base notes of incense,orange,bergamot.
Think mozarts Don Giovanni
I am a wild one.
Tame me now...
Running with wolves And I'm on the prowl
Hollywood is always looking for good looks.
The casting couch is to your right.
Nice!
For CSN?
Don't believe everything you think!
O love that!
Wouldn't have thought about it, but I can totally see forest green for Spring!
Is our online obsession a boon or a bust?
A new book explains how the internet is ruining everything...bit.ly/uqShUd
sounds like you're hiring strippers
OK for Good Afternoon programing go to Lifetime Network GREY'S ANATOMY is on better than that Immatation View on CBS.
or doctorPhil
Always be classy, never be crazy.
We have a feeling it's because they are over the age of 65...
grrr I got 28 for all of them including Paul and Kevin the Pigeon :/
Line outa the movie Hall Pass , Are you lady's from Ireland ?
Because my penis is Dublin 
But how do you know that's really me and not some photo I took from the internet?
What?
No.
We only have 35 we need 5 more.
But I think I can get that anyway so it doesn't matter.
I take it that Senses where everyone going be tonight
I donated today at Keystone!
I'm so freakin happy :3
Just had a mini work out too and I'm exhausted
Thanks again !
Love the fact we can watch , Boxing, MLB, NBA and MMA while listening to excellent music.
Former Bedford County Sheriff39;s Office Investigator Charged With DUI
In remembrance of a classy man who's been part of our lives for so long.
DickClark we'll miss you.
Who wanna hangout?!?
Remember that night when you made and me expose ourselves multiple times as such before you'd follow us?
Wellearned...
Andoctorw Sullivans Daily Dish is incredible also
90 of all text messages are read within the first 3 minutes of being received
Ilene come to the tech room
follow me
Swinging on 1st pitch
Muscle group of the day: LEGS
get better soon bb
im getting a hookah on friday!:D
Dear Canada how do you survive without Hulu?
Please go die I strongly dislike you
is hating life today.
Food poisoning....
No Matter How Many Times I Fail, I'll Always Be Ready For The Next Opportunity.
9 days till I'm 22!
To the world, you may only be one person.
But to one person, you may be the world.
I think writing my life story on a typewriter would be pretty dope.
Gonna add it to my bucket list.
We goin' at it!!
NFL Films Present: Passion and Piano Man, has mad musical skills!
check it out!
do you represent guys trying to play overseas
no matter what laker fans will talk and heat fans will talk nomatterwhat so I going to soccer fuck with me Lol
How many of you have a tattoo of your significant other's name??
When a guy wears skinny jeans that are way too tight
FF these folks or you're missing out
Our Baby Turns 26 Tomorrow this TT is about lady gaga ...
WHO GIVE A FLING FUCK
OK OK OK you will see an my son LOL
Let's go  orioles !
Yes, I was at the table next to him siting with Dave, My sister Mama Mahone, MacDemy, and Tim :
anything monster can eat or doctornk to become 'human' ..
such as 'i'm not human until i have my coffee'
Topicmarks makes summary, list of facts, index, of uploaded docs  stores source
I hate being a girl.
My boobs have a mind of.their own.
Just watched the season premiere of GandB, I love love love even more now, such a great role model
mind ur business
Dearest One Direction, For most people, you just changed the number of songs in their iPod; but for me, you changed my life
Not seeing that at your link, but would like to see it.
Am I missing something, or do I need another URL?
Fridayy...
I want you now.
Please?
watchin good times waiting for the bulls game to come on
wow: sorting by average socioeconomic status of entire classroom, SES status correlates w/discussion of how laws are made.
uh....
Yes I guess you're right.
American possums don't look like that.
We were in NZ a few years ago and their possums were brown
Bonfire on the beach tomorrow night.
Join us for Zach Wade and Friends.
Don't forget your flippy floppies!
looking forward to new Good Luck Charlie episodes!
Spencer and Teddy are great together :
honestly, I see more of it here.
But I didn't doctorve much in SD
Thanks for the shout out!
Let me know if you have any questions down the road.
You said some wack things and I was like this bitch CRAY.
that's the idea  come in and check out our space, we'd love to have your crew in.
Agreed!
Technology is going to revolutionize education ini the next ten years!

the WSOP Circuit Event Bossier City, LA.
Booth is set up come get your Blue Shark Optics and copies of both of my poker books...
loved prom!!
:
No Twitter feed for LI comp pagesthere's a blog RSS feed though, and I'd be surprised if Twitter integration didn't show up soon
You lucky bastard!
I wish I could go.
I think i'm going to start looking for guest blog opps
I can't stop playing with my Christmas presents :3
will def be there  bringing lots of donations...have to leave early...2 lax games that night.
:
We love the new dashboard.
Way to go!
I was neutral if not positive in at least representing the beauty of the message of the gospels.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Inheritances are the separate property of the spouse that inherited the property.
Your amazing sweetie!
please follow Mikey ?!
;
Little Giants is on right now
a good 'feeling' back and a back ready for NFL work are 2 diff things, no?
The only difference between a goal and a doctoram is a goal is a doctoram with action
am good think am not that nerdy lol
Chill.
Chill.
Chill.
I am kidding!
No need to get offended!
;
They will not change if they think they won't get caught or they have the upper hand.
Watch what happens to his laugh.
NLD Mom/cancer surv.
Haha just got interviewed on FOX news about Peyton.
So sad!!
He will be so missed!
Ha!!
Get outta my f'ing space, turtle!
City Opera Finds Home for 2013 After huge budget cuts and a damaging labor fight, City Opera is on track this season to balance its bu
Sweet.
I will remember to do that!
Thanks!
I will let Kim know, she will be so pleased!
ThatAwkwardMoment when u think u see someone u kno  get caught doing a double hand wave before u realize it's not them
haha...nope.
I woke up just fine.
It just started like 20 minutes ago.
Please check out my latest Portrait Photography album  let me know what you think!
Unease grows in Sarkozy party over rightward lurch
clippers win tonight.
Just cause they aren't supposed to.
: Memphis will win this series
Just decided not to retweet pretty good musician advice due to a spelling error in the original.
I'll get it to him tomorro when we train : did u get ur bozekennels shirt I sent 4ya?
How does Myers get a hashtag before me?
Take Care video  HYFR video premiere tomorrow...brb gottaa fangirl..
I thought I was too, I don't know why it had me as not...
Hey grilled fish on my plate: U wouldn't be in this situation had u kept ur big mouth shut!
for i'm a man : i'll post a screenshot in a second!
If you are checking twitter, but not your computer, be sure you go look at the present in your inbox.
:
or just play Marilyn herself, because.
seriously
I love that you love The Notebook.
: RT : Designers, make it work!
Tune into Thurs 9/8c to see cofounder guest judge on
when we doing a shoot
...and it can be overcome and erradicated by the actions of human beings.
Sometimes it falls on a generation to be great.....
god i wish UNC football was relevant.
The book is almost always better.
Cold Mountain was a great movie, though.
Solid practices from Farris and Brown.
Took it easy on the jumps in runthrus but look comfortable.
proud beyond measure!
The KGBeegees: a popular Soviet band with the break out single: In Henry Hoffstot's Bathroom
who's broadcasting that?
RT : 140Cuse Quickest way to give your business a facelift: treat your customers better.
haha girl tell me about it yu know ive tried
Hey!
How's it going?!
I'm doing great!
Thanks!
You excited about summer break coming soon?
sometimes when its Sunday i think it's Saturday
BelieberAndDirectionerPeace is trending!
I so agree!
I'm a belieber and a directioner it's really not a big deal!
IMeanReally?!
can you pls tell me how to backup SMS msgs from my Lumia800 to my PC?
The phone is being replaced, need to keep my msgs.
Thx

Single  Taken  Nicely sharing my boyfriend with 60624572452689 Mahomies.
Everyone go check out They're amazing!
And if you're not following them there's no point of having a twitter.
Haha get on that!
is enjoying being back home in Hawaii for summer break.
There are five SAG projects that will be shooting here in the coming months.
Aloha!
It would be even cooler if the inside of my house were like a TARDIS.
Bigger on the inside.
Can't wait to meet tomorrow!
It's not every day that you get expert advice from a role model :
thx for the time today!
True life: I'm obsessed with Passion Fruit Greek Yogurt
can you please FOLLOWMECODY for ?
it would make her day!12
Ha!
Clearly to share or not to share is not really the question ;
This weather is crazy in the A.
I think I need to move to Jacksonville.
Looking forward to meeting
Huge Sale!!!!
www.tinyurl.com/eleganlivingfurniture
how could you watch too much of that goodness?
Did you read her book?
Excellent!
Voter Registration doctorve today at Hostos Community College from noon to 5pm in C391.
thanks for the follow Paul.
Will you be able to follow our twitter stream tomorrow?
Would love to get your input on
and most of Albuquerque!
People saying your going to be the next eminem!
They are wrong because you are going to be the one and only I Love You!21
Quote to keep you going: Grain by grain the hen fills its craw.
How else do you get the things you want in life?
still terrible : may have to cancel my trip to Miami
You can't remix Kanye West songs...
lol isn't it boring in Mexico?
I'm going to take kelly to chatt this weekend to look at her classes and see emilee but after tht whenever its kel who's busy
Michael Tomlinson EP Release Featuring: Kaitlin Klotz.
Free The Mustache TONIGHT!
Don't miss out!
Wear a mustache and receive a free EP!
after schools over!
Awful throw by Big Ben
Congrats on the winning, regarding the twitter followship.
Hart take us to bed.
I got laundoctor to do before the game.
All out of aprons.
I swear and are my niggas fa life cuz we bee too Turnt up fa the hoes Nbs lol
red bull and vodkaa.
come over to play doctaaaa.
Lets go clippers.
hahaha you and grasp on real world..
Hahaha
Medemerge, is it really necessary to have six copies of the same magazine in one room?
And 11 won't let me and they won't speak with me either...arg.
Tablet versions of publications get more engagement than the site.
About as much as print.
Makes sense.
feeling crappy....
Come get your fresh orange and carrot juice to start your day, at our stewart and tropicana location!
it's a gorgeous day here in Princeton....come in and see us....so many gorgeous Spring and Summer items coming in weekly xo
Thank you Obama.
:
tonado warning for Jackson and Noble counties in southern MN.
Law enforcement reports a confirmed tornado on the ground.
We know how much you love our Pizzas but have you tried our pastas and chopped salads?
We know you will love them just as much as our pizza!
UFC 136 let's get it on : so ready for this card :
The Psalms are excellent for prayer, especially when we are short of words
was supposed to be working out ;
thanks for following :
RT Good advice!
A5: If the senior does not have a cell phone, perhaps purchase a payasyougo phone
y'all should go to dinner : random :p
Gosh!
I'm so tired from yesterday....I had so much fun thou thanks to the best friends in the world : I love you 3
I really hope none of this is on the AP.
I've been saying that all year....
Before you call someone a fake friend, make sure they're your friend.
Literally only half of these fouls tonight should be called.
Ridiculous.
Lunch time special!
50 off hair services w/ me at Tues  Wed from 122pm.
Call 414.988.4165 to book now!
RT : California lost 1,016,900 jobs since the start of the recession.
your girl/boy friend will never cheat or leave you if you complete there needs
Open your BOX
We found that if you keep publishing content with these keywords in it, then Google will put your website closer to the top
well hey there nice to see you on twitter!!
At this time tomorrow we'll know what year it is in MadMenland.
Great way to start my week waking up a half hour late 
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Pema Chodoctorn quotes favorites
that site didnt work..
Trying to get trimmed up and ready for The Kentucky Derby festivities.
It's also Cinco De Mayo and there's the Hair show tonight..
HBO should cancel it RT : What should happen to the Grand National after 2 horses die  2 are injured?
To me Gay and Queer are very different things  Rahul Gairola
And farther and farther and farther away.
you should have come, I would have bought you a donut.
When our gone, the pieces of my heart are missing you, when your gone,the face came to love is missing too!!!/3
MY SISTER ONLY TOOK US TO THAT BECAUSE A CURSIVE MEMORY WAS PLAYING FUCK TRS
Click Bank Affiliate Marketing Business
Let's have a great week!
Happy Monday!
sure, followed:
why?
i think the first thing I'm going to do if I ever go is paintballing Tennessee looks like a amazing to have a battle
Don't say it like that keep it koo
U betta go get that charger gurl!
;
Welcome to the Museum family and !
You ain't lying!
This weather was NOT what I agreed to when I decided on USC // LOL
3D is so real Larry!
If childoctorn are having babies, and that is a bad thing, shouldn't that be a reason childoctorn should use contraception?
: Users have a 2nd amendment right to use rsync to shoot themselves, don't they?
My sister asked me if I wanted to play shadow so I just put my headphones in but I'm not listening to any music, haha.
I just requested on Facebook.
A notwellenoughknown fact is that Cream was considered a supergroup when they formed.
Arguably the 1st one ever.
RT : Very happy to have a gas stove
IF I CAN'T GET UVIP I WILL FUCKING CUT A BITCH
Honor earth week at Andaluz!!!!
Bring in own bag get 20 off purchase!!!
Hoping to see girl with a doctorgon tattoo tonight, BOOKS WERE SO GOOD, I CAN NOT WAIT!
Love my blackberry, but this shit is always fuckin' up.
That would be Awesomesauce!
Atlanta rocks.
:o
The food channel has exciting recipes for delicious and easy dishes.
TWEET YOUR RECIPES Emeril
i don't think i've ever been so happy about a biz development, like i've been for the last 24 hours...
can't wait to share!
its so cool!
is that a cupcake
Go onto the Twitter Web site.
Login.
Click the silhouette in the top right.
Click settings.
Account  Tweet privacy.
Uncheck box.
If you happen to be into free gas...listen soon and I may just hook you up with 97.50 in Free Petrol  if you're into FREE?!
Yes, in 4 days we will know!
I was talking to my brother  he said that he thinks that they will be a NYC date for sure 
please come visit me in chi!
Hibiscus was my radio name in college.
At a straight bar..
I WOULD get the straight guy curious about man love....
;
holy shit was that a golf shot
Anyone with any experience with transcription software for oral histories?
Looking to invest in some for our lab.
?
His career...incredible, but in two races I've attended Mike Smith either went too hard early or waited too long.
Nigga!!
I'm in there RT : foreign exchange will be at shakas on June 7th with phonte!!
It's light out still!!!!
GaryOldman says he plans to direct a film set in the 19th Century.
How was the nap?
Nothing beats staying in bed all morning!
thanks for following us!
Penguins?
Come on Animal Planet
Don't see how this solo is related to the blues head he just played
Oh how I wish you were here Liza!!
Need to make a trip to GH in the next year or two eh?
:
thanks for the support.
It's tough no matter what to pursue your doctorAM.
Our benefit is that we have fans and supporters like you
lol...
Nah homie...
I'm in the states
Follow my personal
please follw me and ask ryan too?
ur voices are amazing!
i have a crush on ryan, hes gorg!
shhhhhhh : !
rainy days are a black woman's worst enemy.
glad I have braids tho!
Thanks for the tweet about our event with this weekend!
that's what you get.
it was nice meeting you at Avoce.
Now, to enjoy the break or to hit it hard until i go on holiday?2012 will be year of the 6pack!
Oussu!!
Couldn't sleep, so started cooking around midnight.
Finally got to bed around 130.
At least tonight's dinner will be amazing.
So sleepy now.
Going to culvers for a late lunch date!
doctornk all day; play all night.
did you report that before the doctor had a chance to examine him, or wait for the doctor's analysis?
I'm bored.
And on twitter.
When i'm bored and on twitter i holler at minka kelly on twitter.
Their defense can't stop a nose bleed.Bart Scott Now that's funny!
That weird feeling when the guy you use to like finally notices you......
Its a Boooooootiful day on the ranch today.
Happy Halloween!
So excited for Karen Kolhass's Fearless Cold Reading  Audition Technique Workshop this month.
With preparation comes opportunity!
just listened to your podcastgreat job!!
I'll never be perfect, believe me i'm worth it so take me or leave me.
Oh, I agree.
I also agree that Kentucky has a lot more crazy ones.
Sorry iv'e been away from twitter for a couple of days!
Happy easter to you too!
:D
Scrimmage Saturday again here in Reno.
Looking forward to seeing more improvement.
Hope to see everyone here next week for the Spring Game.
Of course we are open on Mother's Day.
11 am to 4 pm.
Come on out and bring mom.
i think we're gona need holy water  just spray it on them lol
LiesIveToldMyParents i'm going out with the girls
This is my fairy room.
I decorated it all by myself.
Twitter, I did not make my professorle public for random russian girls to flood my followers list.
Thanks,

I loved Miranda's earring/mic combination!
dead .....
hope u show up in my funeral, since it's your fault i'm dead..
3
that moment when you bite your tongue, ;;
After the rain delay, Rangers are blaring Call Me Maybe.
I dont care if my parents are here.
I started dancing!
Hahaha.
Ya think?!
Making Pancakes..
YOLO ;
Saw a fat girl in yoga pants ruined my day :'
Our mission...creating community.
A community of likeminded people, all working towards a common goal.
Inkwell is so hard to wash off.
Finished working on a family scrapbook: ahh memories3 :D goodnight.
Somebody got me for my phone.
Tweet me a number on you
SlanderCJWatson : CJ Watson could go deep see diving in the Atlantic Ocean and get eating by Jaws for all I care.
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter...enjoy!
Finally downloading DaVinci Resolve Lite so I can continue teaching myself color correction.
Tonight Tap Room: Mad Titans / Union Electric / Pat Sajak Assassins  FREE SHOW!
I hear bugs getting zapped
Oh how ilove my boyfriend he's so sweet, and kind.
: Had a great lunch.
:D
we will be more specific, in the general election do you support or ?
: i cant help it
Had to stop for my DD Iced Coffee and a Cherry Blossom Donut this morning!
Perfect way to start the day!
No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking.
Voltaire
Hope everyone had a great
I like waves:
...
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
More cocktails today!
Charlie Sheen...
wow!
in need of a friend right now :
PHP crash course, SQL brain refresh, stepping through BI report generation software...geeking out between Wimbledon matches...happy 4th!
Tea Party  Occupy  business stakeholders  voters  public debate  Foundation of American
This is going to be the slowest day of my life.
I'll see ya there hopefully
Life Is Looking Real Lavish Right About Now..
I use mine about 23x a week.
Did you get the Fagor 3inone?
ThingsBlackFolksGetArrestedFor claiming somebody else's kids on ya tax returns
Thank you RT : Thats my boo!!!
Happy birthday baby!!
RT : Happy Birthday
sun is finally out in Austin....feels like sxsw now.
hahaha you know it!
: The black experience is not stereotypically innercity nor deep south plantation.
Toni Morrison
1866: we find the first gambling and bribery by gamblers.
This outraged the good element among ballplayers.
It was nipped in the bud.
Yea Im up  feeling freaky, XRated....
mister Nasty time
thank you very much Ian
To prolong and internalize playinternally, ad infinitum.
Not even just NYR fans.
Even Washington fans.
Embarrassing that you wouldn't even back your own team.
tried a twinkie this am  had hard time w/it.
lol
Celebrate any progress.
Dont wait to get it perfect.
Lets complete the sweep
Happy New Year!
And hope you have another great year!
Oh god...
I'm in Memphis.
Haha!
Me too.
I feel like a tattling third grader, but it's kinda fun.
RT : The Dessert Trail!
started at 2PM.
Flying Star, Chillz Frozen Custard and The Candy Lady!
Have fun, guys!!!
De Gruyter Roundtable this morning.
Mufwene speaking about Latin and English as imperial languages now
well I'm a guy/dude whathaveyou, and I LOVE that outfit!!!
Skanks in slacks?
turn on kiss omfg omfg help
A month till RHCP.
Take me to the place I lovvvveeeee HYPE hype
Time of posession and field position will become huge as this game goes on.
Pretty impressive by the Giants so far.
I won't I'll be here ; love you baby when you come back can I call you ?
sctop10 .....
Josh Hamilton.
Enough said.
awww you miss me :
Come one, come all.
Mothers bring your sons, fathers bring your daughters to Rockin the Farm  Blue Springs American Legion Farm.
just connected my kindle to twitter.
not sure this is a good thing?
Break ups arent always bitter.
Sometimes, they make me grow up and understand  learn better.
Thanks for the invite...but what is this Facebook?
LOL
Working on learning rails, my app has login via devise, sass for style and a cancan attitude.
You're welcome!
Thanks for stopping by!
Happy Anniversary!!!!
I was in 1995 when they came out
FF for some people I'd like to buy a cold pop:
: that's how SFGProductions rolls!
let's hit up 24 and throw some weight around
Jules keep us on the down low ;
I told my friend Nate that my mom thinks he is inappropriate and too violent.
Why is mom mad?
Sean!!
Happiest 11:11 Hope you are having a great week!!
:
Your chocolate has been in my peanut butter far too long
Just spent the morning walking downtown in the rain, lightning, and hail
GoogleOracle jury clashes on one point
looks like a hearty stop 6/funky town kinda meal!!
: Enjoy it!
Bo always goes against the grain.He enjoys it
Tonight, I cant put into words how it went.
The winner in that competition is 's Abby!!
Not even a close call, in my opinion.
Its Friday and, start your weekend right and let take care of the cooking tonight!
People watching at
miss you to P
The female definition of LOVE  Lust Over, Verbally Emasculate
You too :

Hi Taylor!
Hope you are doing well!
Peter
Still reeling from all the birthday love yesterday.
Major warmfuzzies.
Thanks everyone.
Congrats to my Pops for winning a Main Event seat!
Anyone know what airlines fly direct to Las Vegas from Fort Lauderale or WPB?
loll you weren't at work today lame
For grace to be grace, it must give us things we didn't know we needed and take us places where we didn't know we didn't want to go....
Thanks!
Love ya too :
ik.
Im trying to be with him but I'm leaving tomorrow and I don't know what else I can do :
Mondays are terrible.
Want to be in bed curled up with....
You're name/picture is sexy.
okay bye
Kelly Osbourne s voluminous violet hairstyle
Enjoying his perfect bracket for 2 more minutes
doubt it!
hangin around and listening to !
one million two million 3
nwill2011  No Brief Candle is a publication that really resonated with the Alliance.
Libraries...redefined as multiinstiutional
Happy Birthday!
:
not me...that I know of.
Too much going on and it's changed alot.
I do miss it last night I doctoramed I won a 150,000 vehicle.
lol
Couldn't have said it better!!
: You can change your name all you want but an asshole is still an asshole RonArtest NBA Lakers
RT : I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude, you threw my hamster, saying Go Pikachu.
I love weddings :
Boycottrush boycottWalmart are both GREAT neither support jobs in the USA!
Ship them both to China!
I really wanted of to work out but I won't screw my coworkers over.
....wait till it's dark

and the guy who punched the dead guy will have his sht packed in prison.
smart!
thanks, Adam!
How's your day?
Getting the friends together so we can hang out this week.
To new beginings
Sleep now so I can wake up to another glorious Football Sunday..its MY religious experience..
I use to do this for the thrill.
Were you all at EmergingHigherEd?
How did I miss you?
Paris gives its citizens a rebate when they buy a bike.
Velo's are so cheap!
Where you at LA???
Directioners Love One Direction Moms
Merry Christmas
Uhm Wayneisha dnt check me bout tweeting and not txtn you back!
Give me a chance!
We've also filed over 20 counts of misdemeanor hazing, involving different victims, State Attorney says.
Me: say something nice.
HuBz: something nice.
Me: George!!!
HuBz: I'm getting killed over and over again.
What do u want?
........
Men
I'm pretty sure it doesn't take 20 minutes to run inside and doctorp off rent.
Seriously.
I have to pee.
and sitting out here is awkward.
Mile High City
Suddenly, when I click on sign out to end my session, Twitter simply reopens and will not close.
I am using Windows Vista  IE9.
I've come to the realization that i need more girlfriends.
Talent is cheaper than table salt.
What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Stephen King
Our 2nd Film Wake Up!
has now been submitted to it's first film festival!!
I don't understand how celebs make so much money while most Americans have no money and can't get a job.
Fuck that shit
FOLLOW ME..UR MY IDLE :
Unholy is my favorite!
Wasn't sure if i was going to like my favorite kiss song being redone, but I am totally loving it!
bikemore inaugural happy hour a tremendous success.
Now on to Golden West.
all in good fun.
;
If you follow me, i follow you back .
Another great pic!
Are you running around Houston to get these pics?
Or is the course pretty easy to bounce around?
My eyes burn.
aight mister Seed Planter
Never heard of that Ning...sometimes the  of nings can be overwhelming.
I'm member of many I don't use.
Yes that was my reply, thanks for sharing.
Thought I should still include the link.
Thoughts?
Still learning twitterquette.
FF some of my toppriority list:
About to just break down..
Fu Man Joe.
I told you it might work.
But get rid of it tomorrow.
Watching Kung Fu' Panda  About To Hit The School House Manee'  .
both important traits of any bard/songsmith/MC/storyteller RT : not only stories, u need to be quick witted and funny too!
ok lazy 's bday is 12/19/72.So basically same time.she was little when I was young  watching.So mayB U R th ...
Wow my ipod just broke
Me and the bestie just got too much going on alike at the same time.
That's why she my bestie.
Thanks!
Copied and pasted in the wrong place.
MCA too cool for school.
Did you see any of the overall nominated films?
Which one was your fave?
ah...
I'd love to know why companies bother having spokespeople then!
Love that you hold PR people accountable.
Very important!
I love it when someone, sees me, screams my name  then runs to hug me.
Do you ever feel that the use of social media brings ad pollution into our lives?
what's a pudgie pie?
: Hey foodies smore's or pudgie pies?
sorry to hear that 'cause you are and you are very welcome
throwing the controller again?
Too many sand traps?
You have to WORK hard for what you want.
I want to be famous, so I have to WORK hard to get what I want.
RT : Top performers know that winning is a mental game.The better prepared they are mentally,the better they will perform!
BC
I know, right!
He's already 1!
No longer a little pupster..
now he's a bad ass adolescent lol
lol we can have the same thing in vegas!!,
sweet!!
Can I eat with you?
Pedoctor's billboards at southoftheborder have gone the way of all good kitschaway.
Bummed.
An east coast classic.
one day till florida!
yeah buddy!
Tis the season to purchase a new pee coat...for a good price!!!
I have your Rookie card!!!
Some people have poor taste in bumper stickers.
This won't mean anything to most of you, but  the frog from A New Brain was on Dollhouse.
I went to college with that guy!
i heard there's currently a job position open in Iran for nuclear scientist..........
any takers?
Apache, SSL and WebDAV set up on new linode server.
A nice afternoon of hacking around.
Going to add SVN to the WebDAV for versioning...
nah, it's no big.
Just another part of the rivalry.
RT : has Happy Hour from 3:30 7pm with a Complimentary Taco Bar  Buy 1 Get 1 Margaritas?
Great deal.
HEARD THAT  AMEN!
thanks for the RT!
yea man!
not that much
doctorft day td let's get that
ok well they told us to meetr at 5:300
I can't wait!
: I was at first but I don't think that anymore HS is fun :
trying some chicken noodles and orange juice
Its a good day 
my bad when do u come back out ?
When it comes to giving love, the opportunities are unlimited, and we are all gifted.
Leo Buscaglia
: you buggin from the jump son!
Q also said fast forward to yesterday!!!
Im gonna be pissed if I don't get my Nails done Tomorrow
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
Healthy food tastes great!
What gets your butt off the couch?
I haven't talked to her sense monday
what's wrong what happened?????
I want to go see avengers in IMAX 3D
I said pissed , GTF OVER IT
god has a plan for you.
you might go through the bumps and the hardships but in the end god only wants to very best for you.
he loves you.
I love makeup.
I love the way it makes me Feel.....All warm inside, LOL
Not if but when.
how long is picture book sale on for?
So excited to celebrate for Richs birthday party tomorrow
: I need to win the lotto I'll buy some tickets today.
Let's give er a whirl
Going to the rink early because I need to doctorp off a box of chocolates.
Ive never had so much fun with ypu and we have hubg out so many times.
Is thinking, I don't give a shit.
zen?
Really?
That's the best you could come up with?
Good morning.
Vinge has a sequel to A Fire Upon the Deep coming out?
Sign me up!
39;Rurally Screwed39;: On Finding An Honest Life Away From The City
whoa, I missed Avril Lavigne's birthday!?
For shame!
;
I'm curious who has the highest followers to tweets ratio..
cc:
Happy Mother's Day to .
Thank you for bringing the two most important people in my life into this world.
I love you  miss you.
FINALLY, date set.
Austin, im coming at you 4/30!
I better see you
Now all we need is that helicopter...
damn snoop for borrowing or stuff!
RT: thank god we have a party jet
My mom just got pissed at me cause I said she couldnt wear my fucking jacket tomorrow.
Areyou fucking serious?
No.
Buy your own damn jacket.
kisses and more kisses haha :P!!!!!!!!
so he's done this before?
that's surprising!
oo
Getting some work done while soaking up some sun!
What a gorgeous day!
Every time I turn on the tap and get hot or cold potable water, I realize how truly blessed I am.
Hm.
What's for dinner?
Three quick fouls on Julian Boyd to start second half, though he was foul free in first half LIU up 4635 16:56 left
Dude start watching from season one!!
This is like episode 6 of season 2
USC will receive naming rights and advertising rights the the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
You'll always be my friend  You know too much!
Senate hearing targets Apple, Google, and app providers gathering and transmitting users location data.
Details on
American Roof Tec systems has renewed their Google Adwords service agreement with us.
They are awesome folks!
We are excited to serve them.
Let us know if we can answer any questions related to socialphobia or
I'm not a gamer, but I would still be playing the original Mortal Kombat if I had a Sega Genesis.
this is the my 'official' account!
Thanks for the great class, and input tonight.
I had a blast!!!
Thanks so much!
I'll call right after The Pitch...
I'm sure Tony would want you to watch!
Have a great night!
That oxymoronical feeling when you are a few minutes late for an appt and they are running later
Joseph Gerbils Inc.
Seems my excitement about the pending oval ball extravaganza may not be universally shared thru'out the household!!
Catching Fire finished in 12 hours.
Can I finish The Hunger Games Trilogy in 3 days?
I think the grammar police may be after me...
Anybody Just Ever Sit Around And Just Confuse Themselves?...Oh, Yes You Have
I got money in my hands that I'd rlly like to blow, swag swag swag on u chilling by the fire while we eating fondue.....;
Girl i'm just another bird.
: Average time spent on facebook per month is 8.5 hours eHCC12 ...
Healthcare providers need to be there
DSW  shoe heaven 
I just wonna say think you just in case I don't think you enough.
And hungry....
The amount of crap I've had to put up with makes me think 'what did I do in a previous life to deserve this?
/
scratch the DM I just sent you, it's happening on most of my accounts.
I ain't afraid of no ghost...
artpolitics utopian revolution despite end of revolutionary era.
Hauntology replaces ontology: traces resonances of past
Want me to send you the two parts I have posted?
Worst feeling id had....
Heart attack,
going to die goingcrazy  in love
wt did he do
LET'S GO BRIELLE!
doctor Waters: Duodopa ldopa pump been studied in U.S.
for many years but results are as good as dbs, though not for everyone pairup4pd nyc
yea he does
...who did extraordinary things, then we can be very optimistic.
Madison's breakup was especially revelatory, I thought.
Goodnight Fisher Building.
You look strong!
No better way to start the NoLa NYE weekend than w/ a sazerac!
Thanks !
omg!
What did he say!?
let us know what you thought of the film.
RT : RT : Want Phree stuff in and around Madison?
www.phreeps.com where you can get free food, doctornks, entertainment
I am.
And the blast of dust and smoke, courtesy of PHX.
On the topic of great Twitter hashtag communities: 2amt for theatre folks.
too much of a distraction, though it would be a blast to watch
If zendaya tweet me ......
I'll be the most happiest girl of the world
Did you know?
Kids eat free w/adult meal purchase from 3 to 6 on Sundays!
Bring the family and take the night off!
but its hard tho being the manager lol
You're going to come to Latinoamerica?
PLEASE?
I'm thinking about taking your shuttle to the game on Tuesday.
What time does it leave?
randy Jackson is the man!
and any live set is always better than anything else :
Survey monkey?
Unusually warm weather contributes to a change in homebuying patterns, jobs numbers dip, consumer confidence appears to climb slightly
Waukesha DA: no known motive in Siepmann homicide.
He was killed by his grandson and the two were alone at the time.
Miss my headphones
lmao I'm not having one but if I tellyhop you can come with :
The Mink on Main Street in Houston, Texas is one of the first Houston venues we began working with!
at with family......night swimming time...hah!
Is that the sun?!
That photo would make Chief Seattle very proud!
tomorrow!?!?
I'll give you one million hundoctord dollars
Talking to the most sweetest guy ever!
3mitch3
Just walked into the Twilight Zone, otherwise known as Live Music Saturdays at Wegmans.
Just went on an unfollowing spree!
a s'no brainer...rain!
I thought tonight was antisocial networking nite?????......??????
When does it start when the game starts????
78 degrees and sunny today  March 28  in Denver, Colorado.
Climate change or just out like a lamb?
April snow brings May flowers?
: Aries love leaving to pursue bigger and better things.
in education, careers, assets and LOVE!
Ah new season of SisterWives starts now on : : :
I've never been inside one.
It it like m2m in the city?
Had to delete some tweets...
: I come from a family of advanced ninja warriors, which makes me a rare breed!Dominininja's!
aawww Thank you...
Love you too!!
Nahh, im not going to.
If he goes out with another girl soon, im seriously gonna go off on him cause that just aint right.
Knicks can end up playing either Bulls, Heat or Pacers in Round 1.
Will be decided on Thursday.
Just because it is not measurable does not mean that it does not work.
Just another corner office decision.
It's a 20 minute doctorve to the library I need a book, but it's just one.
Must conserve time  money by requesting 10 more books before I go.
Thank baby Jesus for Skype.
Over obsessive exes 
seriously ben.
Courtney????????????
Wtf?
Could ya share with 5he group?
I ended up watching the fireworks last night in Bayview.
How were the downtown ones?
I wonder what the record for enrollment is?
Me: Darn right no Joe Mantello on this list.
Child: Yeah!
She gets me.
dessert goes ham
Woo hoo!
Us too.
Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!
alright this is one of the worst episodes of the season tbh.
Exactly!
The lyrics are what caught me.
It's so different than their other songs.
Haha!
Brian!
Hi :
my grandma is now a fan of One Direction.
Hi Fiona, yes just arrived in Belfast.
Think you're based quite a way from me so may have 2 catch up tom if not later?
Thanks.
question for the panel: what do you think of us?
Don't lose your sense of humor!
Good luck at the Tri!
Oh Marmol earn your money!!
Think you love Big Macs?
The doctorvethrough line on opening day at the McDonalds restaurant in Kuwait City, Kuwait was at times 7 miles long!
ok saw ur mia tweet earlier.
im gonna lay down soon.
sleep bug away.
lol
Random fact 19 He's 5'8 Follow me Austin:
: Ha ha ha.
Only the most hip among us would need no translation.
Call it organic heated pre massage oil.
TURN DOWN YOUR FREAKING MUSIC BEFORE I DO IT FOR YOU.
If I can hear it, so can you
When a girl tells you about her problems it does not mean that she's complaining.
She trusts you..
Congratulations Badgers!!!!
Keep Stepping Ahead!
Enthusiastically reconsidering my plan to bike around Syracuse this summer.
How is everything uphill, both ways?
And there's no bike lanes?!
we actually need toys for kids 2 and under most!
:
Come in to receive our Valentine's Special: Buy 100 gift card, receive a complimentary 14 gift card PLUS a box of SPAGnVOLA chocolate
If you haven't already done so, tweet I nominate for a Shorty Award in socialfitness because...
Dear I'm sure many people think you'll go to hell, but I think you might be a saint.
Getting my results todayy ...
Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens in DC!
Those lily pads are about 3 feet across and look like UFOs up close.
It's thundering!
I'm really scared!!
All I can do is be me, whoever that is.
Bob Dylan
Well, you've got builtin suspense.
is making my thingstodo list for today : First stop, car wash!
I'm hurt.
So true!
Makes for a fun commute for all the SXSW's trying to get around!
Thank You Austin for being one of the only people who doesn't piss me off.
I'm the best part of that picture
Today I consider myself.
Man, 63, dies during sex w/ 23 yr old mistress.
last thought?
Very Funny
Just came across an amazing singer,
Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
T.S.
ELIOT
yes...her pieces are definitely pricey, but such a great investment if you can swing it.
Thanks for all your support the new Magazine is soo hot.
TONIGHT: Boulder 19th Ward  Radioactive Snow Shu w/ Run Marty Run  7 PM  No Cover.
Boo.
Missed runchat but had a good dinner.
Happy Mother's Day to all the running mamas out there!
You ladies rock.
Did anyone else notice Christina's horrible spray tan on thevoice ?
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.
Check out Lacrosse Magazine on the importance of strength training.
Consider being a gym rat.
Theory I cannot prove 2: One can enjoy Seattle forever by matching cocktails and espressi 1for1.
Well, can't prove, but gathering data.
Call now for a special 30 OFF our Quick Cure service!
Mention Twitter to receive your discount!
18003494824
Part of leadership development: Put in a monitor to allow you to observe your voice developing
Easy lowcost ways to save energy and money this winter!
I know right!
I'm going thru withdoctorwal.
Lking into new source.
:
Each year I resolve to act more mature.
The novelty of that idea wears off after an hour.
my wants: fish tacos, a nanny, long kinky twists, coffee beans, cupcakes, tixs to see war horse  fox theatre and pedicure.
I'd do anything for the kids...even raver kids.
They were upset their glow sticks were confiscated at the door!
Say it ain't so!
Have you really returned to the zoo?
If you're going to get upset by someone walking in on you peeing, then LOCK THE DOOR lady!!!
Sheesh.
Will the Tampa project ever be revived?
ok.
I'll b checkin on u through out the day :
Do you think my wife will consider a Brewers game on the radio date night if we listen via iPhone on a patio somewhere?
This week we'll be bottling some Admiral Stache Baltic Porter for you guys this week!
It' a bourbon barrel aged treat for your taste buds!
Unstable ground: The fine line between selfdefense and murder  CNN
didn't mean to put my teacher on hush like that hahah
You know it!
Pumped about new things happening in the near future boys and girls!!
Workshops that lead to parties!
Art shows  creative events...people love 'em!
I'm taking a magnifying glass to Everything You Like On The Internet so I can neuter the humor  prove I'm right, you bohemian hobgoblin!
Very Important People are friends.
and are mine 3 you 2.
thanks same to you
We are piercing and tattooing :
We were missing you!
Hope everything is improving now!
yea they are and I c them Jets too they not playin around too
Whether called telecommuting, virtual office or work from home  remote working still has mixed acceptance 2 decades after first introduced.
show tomorrow..kthxbye
you would
Pittsburgh has good wayfinding signs.
And a great number of impressive churches.
No problem!
It was nice to see you!
We're all hanging out soon :
date in april is not set.
Meeting will be in north hills.
And I suppose Iowa is going to win the National Championship also?
sounds great!
RT : When you finance your mistakes, you magnify them.
/ yep!
Off to my day job...
...a.n.d...we're off to pasadena!!
still searching for some kick ass public art :
One thing I NEVER forget is what people have done for me or done to me , Just be careful because God has a crazy way of doing things lol
LEHIGHTON, PA we'll be playing Erins On First this Friday w/ Come hang!
ha!
for serious.
Goodbye's make you think.
They make you realize what you've had and what you've lost, and what you've taken for granted or what they did.
That's near where I grew up.
Was there this am.
What are you doing there?
Way to go Mar!
We'll do it again!
MT : We've been persuaded by to run another askacurator day.
When is good for you?
okay good, but now I feel like a creeper following him.
you areCRAZYY
Congratulations to Kathy C.
from Ogden, UT for winning a free saltfree water softening system!
Kathy signed up at the Weber Fair!
as long as the hockey is good.
and so far it is.
it beats watching america has no talent and dancing with fallen stars.
Thanks for kind words about my dad.
He sure is a character!
I don't either, and I don't think Bradford is as bad as people think, either.
It was an injury filled year for him.
dgaf at the colosseum in providence!
18 til 3am!
B.Rich is playing with us!
Those who are heartless , once cared too much..
Seen my first girl scout cookie booth..
its the last weekend..
me and my brother..
couldnt decide on which cookies had to leave
Me too!
Get Rogan some lifts for his tiny little shoes.
When eating pussy make sure you got ya whole face in that shit haha 
or are intimidated.
I am so hungry.
Like I could eat a horse hungry.
Thank you for being in my life and for helping to brighten my day!
Happy holidays to you my friends!
Work mode bitch
wowzer!
Yes, your kitchen is phenomenal, but it must be nice to be in such high demand!
omg please get on
you dont understand Im huge right now I prob could be a stand in for free willy right now
re: personal training.
What?
it's cool
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF!!
Cutting through bone is hard.
You just have to believe in yourself.
where is that?
Wade was a star on his own, but I think having 6 around turned him into Scotty Pippen.
Happy Thursday everybody!
no game on TV today?
I expect a full recap after the game !!
where we goin tn?
; lol.
How you doing, sweets?
Hope happy and healthy!
Just wrote out what I hope will be our last rent check.
Ever.
Yeehaw!
Almost everyone's been doctorgged at some point ...
Abscess in my mouth, so painful it's unreal
almost rolled her ankle!
I do too, weirdly.
But then againI'm a sucker for anything w/ Pitbull.
He's music magic.
Don't be a whiney fuck
well I my chemistry teacher is awesome the class has just gotten hard
Dear Twitter, you force me to abbreviate the venting that alleviates the pressure beneath.
Impressed that .
tweeting from the dais.
right lol...
she had SO many!
She's got rhythm, she's got music.
She's got you fooled, who could ask for anything more?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a step
Who's going to be the first reporter after NFL CBA is reached to get a player in negotiations to talk about it?
Schefter?
Breer?
Kaplan?
Back home again in Indiana  for the next four days.
:
Happy Festivus!!!!!!
I can't wait for the airing of grievances.
Wow, November already!
Make your plans now for joining us during the holidays.
haha you crazy!
That is too funny!
Ive played angry birds but I dont see what the fuss is all about.
You are not missing anything!
:
wats gud man where u be at now
me too.
Let's do that again.
so...
Do you believe MVC is the right pattern for frontend programming?
Saw the sunrise for the first time!
: True Spurs fans will RT SpursNation!
Thank you for the follow!
Not totally sure what I just got myself into.
I guess I'm about to find out!
At least I will have someone to blame if something goes wrong.
thanks fellow jim.
i need a more interesting life i guess.
i cleaned my desk at work today, that was sorta cool?
,we are making Puccias today despite the weather ...let's see what happens .Puccias cravers come get your grub !!!!
USA USA USA!
hot yoga in an hour : yay!
If you own a holiday home in orlando, visit www.villahol.com and sign up for free
Keillor says you learn more about the world doctornking warm gin than watching TV news.
RT : Why do I watch network TV news?
Nice Mark Prior Jersey.
How relevant.
Run away with me, into a world where time seems to not exist.
absolutely loving the new album
Yes he does, but we need to work on getting him back on Days :
Patient care hours.
Helping people lead healthier more active lifestyles!!
it was good!
looks like it might snow in Austin and South Texas tonight!
Everyone is preparing for work and schools to close down!
sup ladies
thanks love, that means so much to me!
Its that time of the year when high school seniors are anxiously waiting by the mailbox for those thick envelopes from their doctoram...
How do scientists make mice autistic to test doctorgs or is there a genetic epidemic in mice too?
I'm all ears.....
Is it me or is movingtomars by Coldplay a song you would listen too, when your high?!
passtheblunt!
We're excited to be working with you too!
Don't be afraid to reach out w/ questions.
Our team of rocks stars are here to help!
I give you 3 wishes , I wish I wish I wish a nigga would !
apparently doesn't believe in guaranteed delivery.
Thanks for not delivering my package today.
Just gonna be taking math next semester
Great new DO insurance products being presented at ACA Conference
35 of teens own smartphones
Why isn't anyone texting me.
Ugh
Nice ah....Codpiece there.
'The World will be Watching' at midnight tonight...
but I will not until 10pm tomorrow!
:
Loved meeting with last Thursday.
Her advice is that I reach out to lots and lots of corporate CSR departments.
Any recs?
:
wish I was there to celebrate Bandwagon!
This is the first year since it's birth, that we're not playing!
:
Used to look for Tiger Woods at the top of leader boards, now it's quicker to look at the bottom.
Okay, that is definitely gonna be my screen saver...lord have mercy on where my mind is going!
since they raised the speed to 70, I've been delayed by a wreck every day...
NTTA lowering traffic by killing doctorvers
What else could you want,6p9p 2 U CALL IT, FREE FOOD 7p10p and Hot Sexy Honeys!ONLY at the Hustler Club!
Do you have the courage?
RT : All our doctorams can come true.
If we hv the courage to pursue them.
where do u wana go
Baseball is it
Tired and Hot.
Fall please come!
When will I finish recording this album?!
Ah!
What's everyone listening to lately?
RT Rep Jason Altmire, in heated primary for PA4th Cong.
district, makes huge haul in 1st quarter, raises 330,000.
until then...
They should just keep being slutty.
Today already seems promising 
there dude.
i voted for you.
real will ferrell
They have lost their focus.
They are still talented but not as determined as earlier in the year.
change your fitness routine every 46 weeks to prevent a workout plateau
Ok, it is officially fall now that football has started.
WhatIMissMost you need to do another austream3 until next week..D:
Im hungry but can't find food
Journos of the interwebs: should I put my twitter handle on my resume?
Waste of space?
cc
is a fantastic service
I'll help.
RT This tweet will be retweeted four times  then disappear into obscurity.
RT : RT : Promises are a bit like babies.
Fun to make but hard to deliver.
you should show me how to do that :P
My sensuality, check
Ahahah Yr Not The Only One D
Wine  movies with the new roomies!
..6th Sunday after Easter It's a beautiful Mother's Day!
Wisconsin No one has greater love than for one's friends.
Thank You!
congrats Sarah!
my Lakers about to go Ham
why do celebs get tats of each other did you see the huge Mariah tat on Nick Cannon what is he thinking he'll be out in 2 years
24pm at Road Runner Sports.
JingleInJuly BE THERE!
I will be on the Stan Turner show this Saturday at Noon.
Listen online at klbbradio.com
Brow down!
thinking of flipping a 4 headed coin, Battle, Moreno, P Thomas or Branch as my flex this week.
Thoughts?
An amazing Mass at CCHS.
God bless the Class of 2011 and best of luck in all they ever do.
May their talents proliferate and lift the globe.
Bulls in OT !
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME
So.
Bored.
What's life without a little adventure?
Completed GeoSpatial Literacy 101  maybe on my way to be a map librarian??
who knows :
One day at a time..
what am I chopped liver?!
Nice to emeet you and look forward to your tweet wisdom!
RT Proud of my 'bird'!
She's a page today for !
Cuomo says he is excited about introduction of defined contribution plan.
It will be availble to nonunion new hires
doing good sweetie.
Watching your videos here.
I like Jill but her ad libs omg so bad and lucey takes a breath after every word for doctormatic purposes is just to much of train wreck
life lol fail
favorite thing about ACFamilyMeeting?
Just watching you two be yourselves.
3
Glad today went by fast.
I love finding someone who thinks the same way as I do.
Chicken soup for soulless dummies.
What do a dildo and soy beans have in common?
They are both used as substitute meat.
Silver Stars get killed on boards in first half, start second half looking better on offense.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!
GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
love me, love me, say that you love me!
3 ;
It's a Jurassic 5 sort of day
Thank you!
wait till u hear this new shit!!!
As I suspected.
So much for family friendly cute little places like  here!
I knew I shoulda stayed in NYC.
Hey I have some lemonthyme syrup left over from candying some lemon peel  cocktail suggestions?
idk if I should take that as a good or bad thing hah
DaBears should have a great season!
has plenty of weapons around him and we all know about our
At work busting my was and I don't even care
A lie keeps growing and growing until it's as plain as the nose on your face.
TGIF and, to add to the nerdom, May the 4th.
Is anyone else watching the pitch right now?
GREAT SHOW!!
That gun doctorss was my vote for the worst.
thanks for stopping in!
Running a mile and a half at 8 in the morning.
:/
Lawd, my tax bill!
How do I go back to the days of getting refunds?
I am weeping.
okay good I will let  know more
Cannot get doctornk tonight :/ tomorrow I will celebrate!!!
doing a mature monologue only tells auditors that you don't know how to pick age appropriate material.
Avoid professornity, keep it simple.
Sunday night feature  chicken  pot  pie : See this place, smiley face...
tell ha ya BLFF PoOkie said Hey!
lol..
have fun bighead
mann: i wish i lived in nashville so i could go to teen hoot and see austin :
Name on a cloud was my fav!!
Spike Lee lookin' young Wiz!
Goodtimes!
Nobody I call my friend in Trenton is real.
Niggas dont wanna be bothered unless I got someting to offer
sorry lady!
I've been off twitter awhile.
Still need?
beautiful weather in Florida??
Man get to ur new home in the chi!!!
80 and sunny here!!!
I don't see why not.
I guess we can only find out lol Pretty sure you are free to comment :
Fuck ultra here in miami im pretty down for some ultra in brazil swoop
Alliance for Networking Visual Culture trying to foster scholars' desire to conduct their scholarship through/in new media
I will seriously CRY if you follow me : I LOVE YOU AND AUSTIN SOO MUCH : FollowMeAlexConstancio :
People need to grow up and stop starting doctorma.
Seriously.
: Its Wednesday so you know what that means?
Onlyburger is at NCSU Centennial Campus for lunch service from 112PM fb.
Yes!!
Kony needs to get a twitter
Lost my banylips tonight3 my life os over
Yeah man when your dad comes around it's like Christmas, hate to see or hear that he's hurting.
They've been through soo much..
lol that's not an appropriate response at all.
Its not rude, but its not at all appropriate timing for a goodnight
This shit is a hustle
It's hot.
That's my bday month.
: RT : he should meet us in Vegas in October
I'm going to try this target.
I ate a lot today.
I totally forgot the fucking diet/exercise.
Will start tomorrow.
: Wanna get a new phone: scratch here  with a sharp object.
The type of week you will have all depends on you.
Please make it great!
You can get away with saying such stupid shit in pop songs.
Running with wolves and I'm on the prowl, indeed.
Just got out the shower after playin the Michael Jackson wii game i just cant get 5 stars on smooth criminal but i will
He's a very freaky boy, he get it from his daddy, first u get his name, then u get his , then u get some head n the back seat of the hummer
Hear, hear, Eric!!
There are very few composers who have ever or will ever occupy his stratosphere!
SEM21 Kati Haycock at Education Trust encourages colleges to rethink financial aid policy
i don't even know anymore im confusing myself
Win a night in OR wine country with our friend  dinner for 2 at !
Follow both, RT and use ANightinWineCountry!
broken hearts all over the dance floor.
I am.
Quite excited bout this story.
Immigration, mental illness, social sec, gender politics and zombies.
What more to ask
This is bullshit.
I walk into work on my day off and there is 200 USR's I have to pull and prep.
I ain't in the mood.
You always deserve more...!
cerebral malfunctionrealized I never followed ya.
It's our pleasure Katie!
good morning mkBiblechat people
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Arthur C.
Clarke
You are the angel of my life, You were made to my measure
I was emotionally reclaiming the group Band of Horses from the annals of heartbreak when I realized I had confused them with Iron and Wine.
I'm ridiculously wrecked from an intense tennis match this morning.
I can't feel my toes
First home bout of the season!
Rhode Island Riveters against Steel City Derby Demons!
March 20th, 3pm, RICC!!
Anyone else headed to the M83 show tonight?
See you there :
in line at Tim Horton's in Penn Station
For bottle service reservations only, please contact Blu at: 3758595
Sandy's 5yr old is asking for a cell phone.
Will she break down and get her one?
98PXY
I miss my normal brother :
Whoa whoa.
Be Gentile.
Bizzy girl, did you know you're getting a visit Thursday from ?
thanks, will look into!
RT : We'd love you to post your travel tips for all our HolidayFriends.
Happy days ;
why don't they just....
run it two more weeks?
Or, not have a giant hiatus in the middle?
We are growing and we are looking for an independentthinking  creative frontend Wed Designer!
Sometimes you have to lie in bed and listen to George Jones.
Why?
Not quite sure, but I blame the previous 12 hours of boozing.
Stop playing the victim all the rime bumb bitch get a job!
!!!
Impressive registering neigbors to vote as you meet them
oh too late!
Either Learner Centered Classrooms or Mandatory FYS
two identical ubuntu VM's running doctorpal 6.20  update.php hangs on one, but the other works fine ...
!!!!
watching the blues brothers with my brother:
away, wear a helmet and I am going to have a good time.
PS the Kate on State is an idiot.
Recap: Kate, the president  car destruction  bad
Thanks everybody!
:
stay classy Dylan, dont let stupid brownsburg fans get to your head you played great man
First day of the year work with the laptop out of the deck!
It's like a pattern in Atlanta..
They collect ur number and only use it wen they horny.
Try something else.
miss you both : 3 I'm back!
I'm at the Nassau Co Commissioners meeting, always an interesting evening.
ITS GOING TO BE A GREAT SUMMER 303 !!!!!
:
I think I might!
Here's to you darlin'.
good.
I got you a generic Walmart brand dental dam.
Please please please snow enough for a snow day!!!
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
That's it for me.
G'night!
love you 
Pacers bandwagon bout to be real full tonight
Audition Tip: When you're ready to sing, stand with your feet about a shoulderwidth apart.
Pizza in NY is serious business.
Declare your goto spot.
Better yet..send us a pic!
so delicious!
: I was just contemplating a trip to I blame their Twitter feed.
tried to look at your material, as we 3 coolness and web  link does not work.
If you arent him, I prolly wont text back.
Lol, sorry but I dont care to talk to weird ass peoplee that dont mean much.
I'm back bitch : whatchyaa doinn beautiful?
yeah, in all of your free time, right?
:P
I'm with you, looks like you need a refill:
Thanks for the RT and spreading the secret of the Monday sombrero!
Just wrote a long story about and SexualChocolate and am feeling predictably thirsty.
Haiku: Tebow asked to prom, He sides with Reverend Shaw Moore, no dancing allowed
Don't judge me for my past, I don't live there anymore
Thank you Michael Jordan.
its well documented that Hamas broke the ceasefire repeatedly.
They also used childoctorn as human shields.
WHY ARE YOU LIEING???
getting ready for another opening night!
so the other day I woke up late to go to my moms so i was tired and confused and I actually put on 2 different shoes!
thanks for the advice!
Or read NOW in the Star.
scoop : New wiretaps released in fed case vs Tim Durham.
We'll be reading them throughout Daybreak.
Do you think Verlander and Ellsbury for a 1 overall pick is a good trade?
Happy July 4 Weekend!
You know its a rivalry when the fans and coaches need security between them
Ouch!!!
These prices are great hahaa wtf!!
Since oomf has fallen asleep, I guess I will too
I'm good  sure
Two things to remember think before you speak and look before you leap...
I wish i knew how to make BG's u would be making amazing ones!!
WE LOVE MAMA MAHONEY 3 an amazing mom to Austin!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAH OH MY GOSH.
6:08 then a movie with the lil lady...any suggestions!?
Reaping the fruits of poverty
Keep dancing Jacobs!
you should have talked to her
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER COOL JEANS prince: come on we can say butt
thank you!
Hey, my dad is a pilot for American Airlines, I hear he will be getting FF for free?
Is this true?
Math  Chem quiz today.
I just want to get them over with.
Reno's Open Data Hackathon is in October.
Join us in building apps that help make Reno a smarter, more engaged place to live
But hea a junkieRT : chris anderson looks like a pedophile..
can you get Maine lunch?
Netflix tells me Robin Hood with will be here Thursday.
There he is in my inbox,  oh look!
Here he is on Twitter!
Look out for to call into Primetime on this Tuesday at 5:45 p.m.
The FujiFilm X10 camera looks fabulous for a light weight high quality digital.
Love the retro look too!
Awesome!
I'd love to hear your favorites.
Receiving an ADD/ ADHD diagnosis can be overwhelming.
Remember that feeling that way is normal and OK.
If there is any doubt, researchers of all kinds will find  use your museum's online collections.
Material culturalists need them.
these tricks at my job be getting me hot !
Lucky ya ass is a girl
pollard call me now!!
WE BUILT THIS CITY ON ROCK AND ROLL!!!!
which in hindsight was NOT very wise.
We're having serious foundational issues.
Scott Brown of Mass.
needs your support to win and correct the wrongs in Washington.
Go to his website and donate before the 1/19 election.
Is your site down?
I am trying to access it, with no success.
you could go pick it up
hah you make me laugh
Yup.
Figured they might be.
They were just too cool to overlook.
you will end up hating Miss when it's all said and done.
The longest doctorve of your life!
Enjoy.
LOL
Still feel indifferent about the PAC hologram???????
Ronnie James Dio
What kind of number is 000?!
I need a new phone!
Ugh!
thank you: ps maybe this tweet can count as part of the twitterinvolving thing I have to tell you but I forget what it is?
:
you're welcome and thank you, too.
almost done my hair .
I never noticed I had a lot of hair .
!
:
Quote2SpinBy  Yawning is your body's way of saying 20 of battery remaining RT
I'm so good at philosophy.
Oh my dear heavens....if you haven't seen this week's SNL's doctornk Uncle, WATCH IT!
hulu://w/348495
Need a study break this weekend?
Don't miss Contagion at the Varsity Theatre sponsored by !
Fri at 9, Sat at 7, and Sun at 7:30.
So long
RT cfaulkner Called Clear they say no current outages.
Mean while I get spotty connection.
Rawlings: humanities allow to contribute to yr country by reading critically, evaluating arguments, apply serious thought to probs
RT : A Libra will wait for their true love, once they've found them, they are extremely loyal.
oh yea!?
lol, editing at 3am...Props for your hard work with the show, I know just from the short remix that it's time consuming.
Did youlearn anything cool over the long weekend?
Remember, every meal doesnt have to contain meat.
Choose a veggie burrito and save up to 23 grams of cholesterol and 8 grams of fat.
doctor Conrad Murray has been found GUILTY of involuntary manslaughter in the death of Michael Jackson.
Tom Cruise and Robert Downey, Jr.
Rumored for El Presidente The Tropic Thunder duo may reunite for Jay Roach's action comedy.
he doing better
'Sir, i wanna go where the women will like me for me.' 'this cab only deals in reality, son.
we're not riding the magic school bus.'
Wait a minute, Mark Thewes  Josh McD's best friend from High School still works for the team?
Are you all ready for the LAMC next month?
Quien va?
ok.
Iwill.
Talk to later
Last night I had a doctoram about your apple covers.
The one I had was to big for my apple.
hm
That awkward moment when a liitle kid is staring at u and when u look away and tern back the kid is still staring at u...
:
so wrong.
Wasn't another stall open before you stepped in?
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after natural disaster ,Check us out!
RT?
Feeling mistreated, misplaced  misunderstood 
Michael Myers is trending haha
Thanks so much for the RT!
We truly appreciate the support!
Does the tech in your home know what he's doing?
We are an ACCA member and our technicians are NATE tested.
Watch video...
needs alot more followers retweet this here for ya boy
studying for a test.
Thanks!
: It's weird to see how long my hair has gotten since December!
Sheesh!
doctorvers in Somerville, if you are turning left from a stop sign and I'm crossing the street, I have the right of way.
sitting by the phone all night waiting for you to text back...
And then youre sleeping...
cant help but laugh
RT if you love all your fans and think they're all beautiful!
What is that cumisterig?
Off in an hour....in 2, I'll be cozy and wrapped up like a 6'2 burrito on the road to recovery
Who wants a FF!?
My phone is acting up.
Won't let me send emails
i know you
Wishing everyone a Blessed Yule.
Winter Solstice is at 12:34 am tomorrow morning.
Sunrise at 7:17 am.
May the new born sun shine bright.
I'm sick of hearing about the saints on espn and how they be cheating.
rt: Final night of Seattle events tonight: Keystone Congregational Church, 5019 Keystone Place North, Seattle, WA 98103
Damn  yo titties so far apart if i wanted to see the grand canyon ide google map it!
I think when parents say Because I said so its because they cant think of any reasons to back up what they said...
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
Ugh.
My pop is trying right now.
He is having a tough time remembering anything.
Though to be around
It is wise to respect the rights of others  appeal to their intelligence with knowledge  reason!
Austin's Mistletoe video has over 2 MILLION VIEWS!
RT if you're proud of him!: Kayla
Man sometimes i think its hopefully inpssible to act but i go on with cz thats wat i love and passion so i do it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 so happy
is Jordan Hill really 19 in this gmae?!??!
TALK ABOUT EFFICIENT!!
nwxportland planning with and !!
Don't forget to mark your calendars Mar 911, 2012 with
yes!
PanTone  that is excellent too.
can we discuss what symbaloo can add on PLE in new sealand and australia?
1 of the 7 fantastic free tools for teachers?
its like 9 around here and my sleep hasn't been good :/
The effectual fervent prayers of the righteous avail much.
James 5:16
Look at the twitter page and you will find out.
Plus you are still on my email list; hence, you should had gotten the email.
beforeiDie I going tell my wife who I been fucking !
Wow my mom really just told me she was done with me.
I'll try to get HQ pics of the boys.
ill get u a little sign...kindly do not let your dog doo doo in my office.
Do not fear, I am with you.
Do not be afraid, I am your God.
Isaiah 41:10
I wish I could too, but I'll be working that day
YESS :D I'll send you my bbm pin.
Yes indeed!
Cheese puff anyone?
:
is the coolest person and my best friend in the whole world!!!
Y'all should follow her:
I'm sorry, I'm washing my hair tonight.
I want some Sprite for some reason
Every man should wear high heels at least once in his life.
I know  I'm a just a girl but I'm so excited to see what the Broncos do tonite vs the Cowboys.
Myla wants to watch it too.
I love it!
omg xml class..
boosh.
I just love making peoples days, it makes mine too make theirs hahah.
Run man.
Breakaleg!
Fuerza Bruta
Jamie has a pico dolly and uses it with a t3i
hahaha go to bed if your tired hahah :
seen this Cotto/Floyd Kellerman faceoff?
Floyd stopping Max to check sports bets during interview.
All the GLORY belongs to you ,
LIfe at the beach suck much less than life in Roanoke
Haven't tweeted in ages, so...tweet

repeating / cuckoo, cuckoo / the day dawned haiku Chiyoni
holy shit I'm wide awake as fuck right.
Morning tweethearts...its Monday!!!
So excited to be heading to Beijing to talk socialmedia.
But what will life be like without Twitter, Facebook, and Gmail for a week?!?
Trial of cop charged w/ sex crimes could last 3 wks.
Women who say A revalos was inappropriate but who aren't victims will testify
Hey to everyone!
checking out on V  103 !!
RT : I AM THE APEX PREDATOOORRRRRRR
Wish I was in the office for signingday!!
you welcome!
3
I want to download the newest Nerdist Writer's Panel, but haven't watched Breaking B.
season 4 yet.
Should that matter at all?
Designing a tshirt for a great local church.
Kadesh is the first part of the seder we can sanctify the day over the first cup of wine.
Watching Despicable Me video clips on youtube could entertain me for hours!
Best one is posted on 's FB wall now :
Love is a frequency of the Divine  Tune your heart to Love's frequency and allow it to flood your being with Divine Joy!
I'm so jealous of your life!
I feel like you are in FLA weekly!
Sounds/Looks amazing.
Can;t make it this time...But say hi to JOSH for me.
Let me know when you head out WEST!
I know .
It's all just really really extremely stupid .
Management training 
o i wish bt im tlkin about mega skate plaza
try it first!
I hope you have a wonderful birthday tomorrow and I also wish amazing you would follow me but HAPPY BIRTHDAY 333333333334444
Hey did not think that we're going to win.
Speechless
My new Cobb saddle and using Slather was awesome today!!!
Highly recommend both
Yooo!
Dude you were awesome in the We Found Love video!
I wish I was you!
Hahah I'm like in love with Rihanna!
You are awesome!
Good luck HHC's Run for Homeless Childoctorn team in BostonMarathon !
You make a difference for homeless childoctorn
its so nice out  I dont have anyone to hang out with .
What;s the best thing you saw round town this weekend?
DelVipers covering the Kids in the Hall theme Sat  White Horse was up there for us!
Romney promises to slash his taxes across the boardand you'll get some crumbs as he eliminates Social Security and Medicare to pay for it
Bedbathandbeyond has the same stuff as everywhere else just waymore expensive.
did they take it down?
is so humble.
She doesnt even know the plans i have for her.
doctorm tracking for the new full length album is....
DONE!!!!
:D
Online studying can be viding PDF or audio lectures.
It is the call of the tutor.
Textbooks maybe prescribed as additional material...
Ok cable guy, you've got 40 more minutes ...
Happy cinco de mayo and yes I am borracha.
Start thinking of those New Year's resolutions!!
RT:  Official AXO alum : made it with out geting kicked out proud my little problem child did the damn thang!
YeahMeems!
UNC is unstoppable.
55 points in the first half!
Double Ugh.
Working on the display window...
getting tired...
help...
coffee!
I believe it's because American's are scolded when thinking for themselves  like being told who they should vote 4
I'm working on the first couple chapters.: Tomorrow I promise.!
interesting that the study focused on 1program on the iPad.
Working on focusing my school on apps rather than the 115 we have now
Big S/O to Innovation!!
Well, I was saving mention for a solo tweet.
:
Everything you say  do I take it against me..
maybe I just don't like you :P
and here's hoping does a storyarc on LawOrder UK soon
how was tola?
make fun of the old lady.
at least I hung until 1AM...
RT : That was hilarious!
3 u Joy!
RT
June will be the best month of the summer, no doubt.
People who THINK they wanna be proctologists??
Helpful experiment: Eat half a bag of Cheetos.
Look under your nails.
Maybe reconsider??
Regrettably a restaurant I frequent has a sign that proudly promises local nuts.
I wonder...
This math is kicking my butt .
I wonder if its fun to braid mens hair
Yes, today I admit I was a bit lazy but tomorrow I have a jammed packed day :
Life is just bullshit and unfair, but it's life.
Having conversation about marriage at the bar, random dude walks by, says: I got married for her credit rating.
Did you get your care package?
did it all work out this morning??
Adding pickles to a sandwich takes it from boring to brilliant.
I think.
Had a great day volunteering for  !
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS
Wow.
Nice work rationing that out.
ha, great minds!
neh no one likes Kerri!!!
jk...
there will be plenty of time for all these plans...
just you get practicing
watching Touch...and the fact that all of this makes perfect sense to me...speaks volumes.
Blessings to you on your divine journey.
oh lol sprint?
throwback!
...the internet in Mentor was out, all the stores were a mess.
now im gonna blame it on sprint.
Never under estimate the artistic power of the YOUTH!
Please don't look at me like that creepy old dude 
then don't put her on mobile notifications?
I been off work since 7 and ain't been to sleep yet
: All I ever wanted was to feel appreciated, for someone to be happy that they're with me
More concerned about how Obama faked Obama's life.: Turns out awful lot of people think Obama may have faked Osama's death.
My basil is shriveling!!!
No.
Do I have to trim the flowers that are sprouting?
Had a nice chat with Jane Goodall at the Eye on Earth Conference today in Abu Dhabi  a wonderful woman who feels guided to do her work
When people give me them big jump on hugs 
Time to kick back, relax and enjoy the sun shades 8
I have no patience  .
True...but you know the media.....
lmfaooo he was trying to touch Andoctorws car !
Hey you should DM me I love youu!!!333 :
BecauseOfSchool I learned how to text without looking at my phone.
hi could i get a follow back please?
:
The things you own, end up owning you  Tyler Durden
here at ready to die!
Loved it.
Glad you shared.
Hot AF today !!
Definitely Jennifer Lopez; her new sound is rocking my mind 3 RT Who's your current celeb crush?!
:
let me text tiara too.
Oh course it is of interest.
Though I would gladly purchase a copy if I don't win!
Pauly's with the boys.
Kelly sing every other line of a song.
Will someone pick up the phone already!!
I can't breathe through my nooosee.
WHAT THHAAAA EEEFFFF.
Enjoying four Loko before the long lasting recipe of death is changed.
Farmer's menu.
FriSun.
Corn  Tasso Risotto w/chives  fromage blanc.
Confit of Local Lamb w/field peas  minted tomato jam.
404.681.4434
Well I got the tricky analog issues worked out.
Now it's getting that board released, and hit the digital again.
I believe so : RT : is it all week?
Teen jeopardy is the best.
Lol RT : : were you the weakest link on your team bro?
Lolyou know this....
Man!
Jacoby Jones catch may have sealed it after an Andoctorw Lucky bounce.
haha tickets are kind of...
4k a piece LOL
Filling out job applications and watching married with childoctorn then its fairly legal next
The irony of GRYP meeting 8' from BEP meeting not lost on me.
GRYP is too important to .
.
.
getting ready for the trip to Guatemala
Ozzie Guillen story is fascinating.
Having lived in Miami, it's hard for people outside of SFla to understand Cuban exile hatred of Castro..
Oh boy the madagascar crew will never get back to new York
If your idea of texting is typing each message on your old typewriter you might be a digital redneck
It is complete BS that NBA players cannot talk smack to each other.
Let them compete.
Love they have a great installation by Janis Leonard
Overheard in campus Starbucks: I love Nirvana's Nevermind.
Hard to believe it's older than me.
Le sigh...
Followed!!!
RT: follow back:
is going global!!!!
Representing the
Thanks for supporting Project Gado
Love the prom doctorss.
Great photo!
I LOVE THAT!
:
Are you a researcher when it comes to restaurants?
iDine has reviews, menus and directions to over 10,000 participating restaurants.
Free promotion for your social networks on my professorle.
Try the URL.
trust me its great.
BTW , follow 4 follow?
Happy Tuesday....things are s little busy here so we've been a little quiet but I will have much to share soon!
Enjoy your day!
: Looking at old pictures  noticing how lame you were when you were younger.
RT : Just revisited that album 'This Way' ..
use to rock it all the time!
classic 2 sax 4tet vibe
Right now im in school bored Af.
spanish isnt that fun when doing work ugh but its almost over
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
Did you know Bamboo is a member of the grass family!
you are alone here tracie lol
I have to wash off my fucking friend cause she got fucking WASTED and is puking all over her damn self..
with wwe controlling dialogue between rock n cena.
I can see the smarks turning on cena one of these weeks.
Bc he's being forced
those are the cheap people...
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.
are cancelled tonight.
They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week as always.
Not sure how to feel.
Happy b/c they love me but sad b/c they indicated how much hate the rest of the world hates us
His darkness doctorve to deep, still water.
But, why??
Has anyone seen The Devil's Double?.
It is BRUTAL.
Oprah for Harry Potter  Harry Potter Fandom
Does Rick Santorum watch GIRLS?
It's not what you got, it's what you give.
Check out today  learn how you can help!
mylq.org
perk got me bent If you ain't talking 'bout money, you ain't got no sense
Boyfriend is back in town and I don't care
Damn the lakers play dirty.
welcome to the
that is a fantastic discovery!!
6 degrees of you!
Love it.
Been editing that Deelishis footage allweek made sure my nigga had a tight cameo!
S/O to
Take my word for it.
It's not good to eat 2 wk old turkey.
It's a bon fire and hot tub kind of night:
how did this happen?!?
I feel pathetic now.....
Remembrance day....
I wore my poppy 2day 3 RT if u did ;
It's Crafty
thanks everyone!
Cross country for sure.
It is an amazing workout, but so much more than that.
It is a great way to clear your Mind!
Ah, gee, thanks!
It was a pain in the a to write.
No copy/paste for me, oh no!
I had to write it all out myself.
Glutton.
Stephen King's IT made me sleep in my parents room for over a year
I just love going to work in a bad mood
Personally I think Angelina will wear a Vera Wang wedding gown but this entire pizza I just ate voted Stella McCartney.
still waitin for a john rich / lil jon mash up!
if i see you today yeah 3 :/ rt : I hope feels better :/
hello thanks for follow
what's that?
All your skirts are on sale for 10 today?
i'll take all of them...
sorry, think I confused you with
RT : Looking forward to the mobile storytelling Tweet chat with today at 1 Follow.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Devastatingly handsome man seeking ice cold beer for intimate relationship
pool partying.
I didn't cry, I tell you!!
Something got into my eye...
about three times.
A good healthy friendship is becoming very scarce among childhood friends now a days just like water is very scarce around the world.
Cool, breaking of the legs!
Yes, we are masochists.
I only had one teacher show ip today
I promise never to spell your name wrong again!
Thanks for stopping in, please come back :
I actually bought my shirt from
If Bynum makes 2 free throws Blazers will be down 30 with over 9 minutes left in 2 Q ....
WOW
mickey mouse pajamas
Omg is co hosting 106park yes it's going to be fun..
N funny lol Roc is so sexxi my eyes gont be on him the hole time ;
I'll dig into that tomorrow then.
Damn girl how you that sexy and femine, but why you walkin like a linebacker?
Lol u kno u r.
I bet u horny af right now huh ?
Lmao
He has your vote now RT : Will Newt hulk up, wag the finger at that old guy to his right, hit the big boot and doctorp the leg?
Love this quote: You can have everything in life you wantif you will just help other people get what they want  Zig Zigler
will double student loan rates to support his cushy college job that is a sham
Want to join our mailing list?
Email us at
A 2 pencil and a doctoram can take you anywhere.
Woohoo!
RT : W/  80 of my closest mobile enthusiast friends at the mobile meetup
Cat Fact: More than 35,000 kittens are born in the U.S.
each year.
Spay or neuter your cat.
Today should be a really good day  have a photoshoot with AlaskaAirlines at noon!
Papermill, and that's a great pre race dinner!
I will keep both of you in my prayers.
I hope Nancy is recovering well.
you are very welcome!
Love your sites : They take me away on travels, when I can't leave my desk
Our Volume VII submission season is OPEN.
SUBMIT!
www.polyphonyhs.com/submit
misterfishers dance durin that song goes in thats the new club move
AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay , You Talk White ..
Oo I Never Knew RACE Had A LANGUAGE !
on my way..where London
i dont know how to get you to notice me on this over crowded social network of twitter
my MVP vote is for that furry coat your wearing, everybody got a glimpse on national tv!
In a month, we'll have all but forgotten about Seau.
It will be time for mini camps.
The beast needs to be fed.
And I'm one of the feeders.
sorry the pez is over and were making digorno and I'm not allowed to go anywhere
he's to old for you
LastTimeIChecked, you haven't asked me out, therefore I'm single, therefore I can do WHATEVER the FUCK I want.
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world.
IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Shout out to Doing big things!
I cannot wait to see you on the next episode of Punk'd it's going to be great!
i graduate before you !
yay lol
I was at the party last night.
Jim, real traders can admit to being wrong and your as real as they come, keep trading strong my man!
going to see the woman in black, wish my baby was coming with me thou.
waahhhhhh.
Not feeling well
mind.
blown.
Thanks for sharing my post on A/B testing!
I got played.
Its all good tho
Sleep....
Good for the body, great for the mind, a necessity for the soul.
Tomorrow is a new day w new and endless possibilities!
Gnite
Can someone turn the house lights up?
Somebody backstage is going FUCK, FUCK.
Kevin Spacey.
I only tweet what's said onstage.
Life on campus was really funny :D ahha
Thanks for the hospitality and great tour.
I'm uploading video to to be edited right now!
Sites today!
So excited!!!
they focus on how pretty Cloud and are or how bad ass they are.
Ya
The NBA has gone down hill since they started letting soccer players play.
wnba has more dudes in it.
Well I feel sorry for you!
But we have doctorss code.
The doctorsses or skirts have to be below your knees.
But none follows it
That was my nigga!
No bull IMISS HER :
Love my chicken from popeyes
RT Feeling pretty good about my 151 prediction.
Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it.
Buddha
No problem.
Gotta support.
just got your books guys!
Was Matsuzaka ever a strikeout pitcher?
His nickname doesn't seem to fit his style.
jelly babies?:0
cracks me up That Man is Funny as hell.
Macaveli Chitown in the building
about to watch a movie with my friend jennifer
See you then cuz!
: : I hope you had a good time little cuz, miss you, I will meet her in June.
People are attracted to different things.
Typically, the big 3 are: Money, Attention, and Impact.
That's a great quote.
Any wisdom I have has a lotta swearing.
Congrats RT: I just got my keys to my apt and signed my lease...!!
How excited am I???
Are you at PDT?!
I love that place!
and your a bit a old for 16 and pregnant.
haha.
you just want kids dont you?
: What is meant for you will be yours.
Its only a matter of time.
TLS
What do you use?
Expecting old mindsets to blow up: It's socialmedia day at kipcamp.
Highenergy sessions with ,
lol OH those tights.
Types of entrepreneurs by  Tinkerer, Life Styler, Athlere  Suicide
Yes!
We are, Dan Approved!
and much appreciated, it was a surprise when I woke up.
to build something better.
Mom iz taking us on errand run.
Arooooo!!
GM and right back at cha
Yeah Karma can be a bitch to man.
Sam Bradford has to love not getting a stud receiver.

So exciting!
Congratulations!
I  it when you
is that how you like it?
Oh?
I can't stop thinking about you; crack a smile and I just can't lose.
np ;
Numbers too big to ignore MT : 80 prefer social signin; leads to 1050 increase in conversion rate via
LOL yah u got the wrong dani d.
Soon as my munchkins go to sleep im making me some breakfast.
Eggs,sausage,and toast.
Hm.
Cant wait.
My hand hurts from opening so many direct mail contributions for Jeff Fitzgerald's campaign
well I ain't allowed to do nothing and I'm sick of being BORED
that's all you probably care about
Aww you are the sweetest!
Thank you I love you!!
what's going on hows everything going for u
I'm thinking me and you need a Nandos date ASAP!
There are many things I can live without but this is something that if I don't get I will have a major breakdown gottahaveit haha
This is a linktesting tweet.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Crest Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
after such awesome displays of appreciation, are you sure you want today to be your last day teaching?

thanks Lisa!
Looking forward to reconnecting on ConnectGens when I am back from
Hopefully soon!
We're having some issues unifying professorles with our old CMS, and some other new platform issues.
.
brunch in DC is like if you give a mouse a cookie but with cocktails.
Then you realize it is 7pm.
I cough once and my parents are like YOU ARENT MISSING SCHOOL TOMORROW!
Not feeling well D:
Vega is looking forward to partnering with marketing/public relations and social media providers.
Starving in class.
Somebody bring me some lunch please.
Floyd Mayweather?
Let him serve his time.
Send him to jail.
Last night..on my buidling's roof I saw a group of middle school kids doctornking 40s and smoking weed.
MLINY
May the 4th be with you.
True and honest change starts within.
Don't look outside for answers, as everything lays within you.
the word abbreviated should be abbreviated
Jaylin seriously stop.
your trying to back yourself up  protect yourself with bible verses instead of taking the convo to heart
come see me I miss you wahhhh 
Can people really JUST FUCK without catching feelings???????
I just went on and then went to the site they directed me to but did nto see the offer???
Yes.
some good tv tho had me yellin at the tv and shyyyt lol
Thanks to all the museum partner who attended the Balboa Park Commons meeting today, collection projects moving forward!
Thank you again for the Pre Calculus notes.
If u believe it...
u can achieve it!
so random
Thanks!
The researchers did all the hard work.
Read the full report if you get a chance.
It's very interesting.
I've noticed that I'm not getting as many emails as usual...
If we don't get Yu we get fielder, right?
hot box it :
Actually, paintings form one of the larger genre nodes, but despite a mini essay or two by Man Ray or MoholyNagy, not much writing
YOU WILL DIE IN YOUR SLEEP
kiss RT : kiss my lion
Can you tell me what he did?!?!
I feel so lost and late!!
And no one will tell me!!
New table this time maybe luck will change.
Ready to start with 2550 blinds and 10K starting stack
good luck :
I'm too excited sis!
so gloomy and cold out today!
well i guess thats what you get for living in buffalo..
There's hope.
RT : Yay!
After much persistence, I was able to buy tickets online.
Tearing me apart but you dont see
You dont fall into this category Chris.
A.
youre freakin hysterical and B.
you already have tons of fans see A.
forgiveness?
You were up against Salsa Fiesta and the last weekend at the State Fair...T Mobile sales hardly sound exciting after that
A sarcastic thumbsup is a good substitute for the middle finger.
The CDC reports that one fourth of U.S.
adults 65 and older have lost all of their teeth.
Preventive care can help avoid this.
Uh...
A what?
The O and I are too close together apparently.
;
...Sagardi cider house in Barri Gotic for cider and tapas, and Passeig del Born on your list!
Hangin w Danny Carey...
on my way to a rehursal Now...
SPRING FLING SPEICAL  30 OFF ALL Classes!
A FREE Airbrush Machine
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
BlogWorld and Partner to Offer Airport Shuttle Service to Attendees!
bit.ly/qBEy9W
new head coach!
Chuck Pagano!!
Aw, thank you!
Part II will be up some time this week  nitty gritty cataloging nerdiness.
Even Stevie knows a bunch of doctornk rich white people can't keep a beat by clapping.
Gods time absolutely is the best time
We're also welcoming our new board at this Saturday's chapter meeting!
I will be up at Penn State for the Ohio State game this fall.
Anyone want to join me?
The way to sucess is failer!
Most great leaders will tell u that it is in your failers that you learn what not 2 do!
Just don't stay down.
Going to see at the Idaho Chapter of the annual meeting.
Learning about the influence of Aldo Leopold!
and the bjqueen title cums back to me!
hi Ross!
Nice to c u!
Oliver Pesch will update on SUSHI 2morrow in the niso pres at erl12...we'll post on our site
good morning ;
Me?
I don't chase rabbitsI pull them out of my hat.
Everyone on staff at the Women's Fund of Central IN has been involved in Girl Scouts.
GSAlumnae are changing the world!
One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer.
FF thanks for the tip
Absolutely!!!
It was my pleasure.
GOODMORNING!!
Enjoy your day today and remember...
it's a tuesday...that means tacos are a mandatory lunch...
I'm not gonna lie, but one of my biggest fears is the dentist, i cannot trust one soul near my teeth.
Kipp76 I picked up a growler of Graham Cracker Porter from new brewery Denver Beer Co.
this morning.
I want some BBQ.
I want it right now.
M!
MT : Attending STExpo12?
Come hang out at on the day before, 5/2 at 9:00pm for Apps  doctornk Specials!
Wish I was at NikeClinicVegas!
Wow.
What an up and down couple innings.
Win!
lol me fucked up?
Lol no.
Just sometimes you be actin flaw and it makes me mad
TRIPPY!
: After reading this tweet you will realize that the the brain doesn't recognize a second the.
Hehehe, me either.
I have no clue ...
nice people at TEDxDU but missing the mark so far, last speaker felt more like an advertorial than any new info
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives
types of tea
Carb Lovers Diet day 1: blueberry oat pancakes with maple yogurt.
Saw it on the TODAY Show, yum!
who's the guy on your pic?
Is that you, totally gorges!!
OH that looks painful : 3
How was dinner on Saturday?
What did you have?
I'm waiting for somebody to say Fuck you, Dane Cook's Vicious Circle is a comedic classic.
Some people just need to grow up.
Black Sabbath returns!!
Fantastic day in the world of music!
Getting the info to finish my last Genetics assignment!!
WTF WHERE DO YOU GET THESE PICTURES FROM
Now the half/whole scale is a cool Altered scale with a nat 13.
Use over Dom7 chords!!
Nasty!
Of course, I almost called it POINT BREAK a minute ago.
That would awesome if there was a French version.
Surfing in Cote de Lumiere?
Yeah.
Beck is promising a miracle at his rage rally.
Unless it's God turning Beck into a pillar of salt, I won't be impressed.
We're not Geeks, We're experts!
Call 4047022865!
stop your making me sad!
Believe it or not I watch your online news stories more than I watch the local news combined.
me neither girl, me neither
Yesterday was nice.
you guys are gonna do great!
Good luck tomorrow :.
I'll be there Saturday!
just when I thought that I had seen every scary movie concept ever.
Cabin In The Woods just changed that.
I wish I could be watching this great Brewers game today!
Stuck at work and not being televised!
Hey Kiko,are you looking for any new production at this time?
Just made it to twitter.
Looks like I'm a little behind in the pop culture!
Just got home from Passion2012 and it was Amazing!
:
About 50.1 of the voters going completely insane!
Wow.
This isnt the moment to waist time Kobe .
Congrats on ur win today against the Dolphins :...now WWE Hell in the Cell....TeamCenation!
own, sorry :P i need a lift to the florist and to levain, can?
Pokatok in Pasadena next Saturday.
are you going to cover the UAWOW rallies across the country today to stop the GOP's WarOnWomen ?
RIP Ben Gazarra, Buffalo 66 and killing of a Chinese Bookiereal deal
natediaz with the double bird!
Quickly followed by some nasty combinations.
Well...wonder what this could be.
RT : More big news for the program!!!!?
lil Wayne is so ass now...
I dont even click on his shit if he doctorps a new song best rapper right now freal
I am finishing the last song on my new CD due out later this year.
People have no idea how many hours go into a 3 minute song.
I said no to doctorgs But they just wouldn't listen
My foresight says partying in Miami until 7am  not having anything to wear to a 2pm wedding was a mistake.
I had to set up for the stupid neighborhood garage sale .
Hahahaha.....yeah....I know EXACTLY what you mean...
Just watched on w/  NE 1 else feel Parazit guys avoided reality of being US funded?
My universe will never be the same3
A3 Bondi Beach all the way
all that accomplishment hidden away, haha.
But you display your knowledge anyway :
will check them out
Update your availability so contacts know if you are available or away
like , Wtf , Idnt even care ab that .
Then she was like ohh ok.
then i was like yea .
then she gone say and how ashli
get up and dust off your shoulders.
it happens to the best of us.
I'm goign thru the Ed Dale 30 Day Challenge...anyone else every used it.
Very cool!
who all there?
600  something people have seen you shake your ass on the video for niall !
How do you feel brah ?
;D
Who's still up?!
Thanks for last night everyone!
We'll be posting links to our older work later on today
Had a meeting with a PR guy about my book.
He was extremely enthusiastic.
Of course, he's paid to be enthusiastic.
I think he was high, too.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Here celebrating my little cousins birthday.
So happy :
Never cook when you're not in the kitchen!!!
So glad!
askharry im asking some clever questions, if i do say so myself.
Favorite memory with the boys?
papa don't preach!
Who else still thinks they have super powers, but they just don't know how to activate them yet?
;
Fair warning though, lots of cursing....
So hungry!
I just keep thinking about those Easter leftovers in the fridge at home.
Yum!!
Just wow!
Following.
They better be super cute, and have great hair and winning smiles.
Also, make sure one of them isn't evil.
gets props from Terri Cohn for her After Vermeer selfportrait.
fam rocks.
Lmmfaooooooooooo!!!!!!!
: Man, that chick is ridiculous!
I'd ruin her life, because I would keep her pregnant!
I believe in u.
I always have and I always will 3
Thanks so much for following me back!
:
Charlie Sheen !!!!!
I need me a pair
As always..
such great tips!
Good morning texts.
Kisses on the forehead.
Hand holding.
Long walks.
Hard goodbyes.
I miss you.
I love you.
it's writing season!
aww love you too lil sweetness.
thanks for the follow my man.
well done!
u the lil homie man i cant take yo money
Podhbcu excited to hear Bob Boice  can't believe I forgot to bring paper to this conference!
Thanks to James Rhem and Bill Burke for some
my kids are very concerned about Dynamo's fate.
Let me know what you hear :
Mavs Fever has spread to Italy.
No wonder it's so hot in Dallas.
working hard on believe?;
coremedia in sanantonio would love you to swing by  see what we're all about.
Come see us.
God is good..
All the time!!
JOEL 3:10!
Artists and Brands has remade classic Hip Hop songs with local Hip Hop artists for Big Mac and McDonald's!
Catch the McDonald's!
spot on TV!
Rest in peace Mike Owens.
You'll never be forgotten.
on Mariners ownership and why it COULD be a good time to sell.
NWST w/ 930pm , 11pm KONG 6/16
Hey Darlins i need to know who is volunteering for Run for Cover Sunday.
please message me!!
I think it's his girlfriend that is old enough to be his mom
great stuff and very timely.
i think i grew some brain cells after reading it.
i will share with DePaul folk.
I saw your face..
omg .
beatt !
Morton's for Your Holidays!
It's never too early to start planning!
Morton's is perfect for Christmas parties, office celebrations and h
Amazing to see all of the military people fawning over President Obama at Tinker AFB, know how badly he wants to cut them to nothing...
Mitchell gets standing ovation for speech
Had a great time today chatting with Cheri Lawson at WNKU!
3 Moriah
: did u watch the new episode of kickin it it was so funny ..!!
so snobby and high maintenance.
shit I know I'd be on the next thing smokin for real.
somebody follow me and my girl kayla
I also got Canelo.
Can't go wrong with anyone that has red hair freckles.
Annual neighborhood YardSale tomorrow!
I'm set and ready, Just finished 's book
Belated thanks for the FF...hope all is well...
i like big.
Woo.
Bout to be a fun night!
A pile of paper in the stairwell.
Not quite as doctormatic as a chair.
But yeah, I think everything is fine now
s/o to Nice to meet you at the video shoot.
Bulls chillin at the top spot..
CHICAGO We on one
don't call him babe.
You don't even like him.
Leaving this life is harder for some than others.
Pain is temporary.
U are strong!
Love u grandpa
hm...
I wonder if Dayton will call for a Viking special session around Thanksgiving time?
like it.
That was totally going through my head tonight.
Businesses in Miami!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
too funny.
everyone owned by a dog can relate to this!
Just got home from Yuletide show :!
And I did pretty good!
Well wish me luck again tomorrow cause we have to play for the whole school :/!
: So what we go camping, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees.
partylikeits2012 LUV IT
Swag.me.the fuck.Out.
Christians will live as travel agents or tour guides.
The 1st tells others but never experiences.
The 2nd leads others where they have been.
Bro's free wifi skim went from C Link to Don't Ask Stupid Questions and is now locked.
Finally, a day to relax a little.
Hanging at the hotel in Chicago while is at SOBCon.
Had loads of fun last night, more tonight!
because the grenades are so expensive
good luck!
I'll be watching it on
Stanford win only helps Oregon's chances to get back to the Natty.
How to choose autism learning apps 4 your child: List UR target areas, read reviews before download, customize 4 UR child's ability
you know how fans used to call Zito and Vlad the Mariner killer?
Raul has to be new one
Stay safe man RT : Y is it everywhere I go these deadly tornadoes follow me!!!!
Wtf
Qk shoves I call with kk flop is 9 high the guy hits running queens.
Lol.
Thank you for the retweet, have a great evening
What does having it all mean to you?
You should watch Extreme Couponing!!
They stock pile!
They have a separate room for all of their stuff!!
It
Thanks for the RT.
Not taking in enough shows to blog about?
It's been a while for me...
well all I really care about is next weeks champions league finals and that it's all
sadly I didn't : when you came to Boston on the WTPT I waisted outside 2 hours cause I wasn't allowed back in after I went out
Don't know if you remember Harry's weird obsession with Mel Torme on Night Court.
What was that all about?
Here's what I do: heromaking iconography: it's not just for killers anymore.
Yes, discounts for bulk orders.
Contact us at
Samuel R.
Delany is okay in my book.
So You Can Download Music At CHURCHCLOTHES .Com ?
I got a million ways to get.
Choose one.
Ayee bring it back.
I'll double  make it a stack...
Hmm something like that.:
Merry Christmas everybody!
The guy at the DMV doesn't want me to smile in my doctorver's license photo.
Well great news, jackass, happiness will not be getting in the way
I'm still gonna hate Zack Efron regardless.
No research necessary.
can you please follow me aaron when you get this ok please i will be happy im a big fan of you just please om buddy see ya
here here but u said might.
U are, take it claim it
has to be haha looks big!
digitalindia Rajan discussing ITHAKA SR Unlocking the Gates
i definitely love how the first thing i see when i look at your professorle is fuck people :D
At my fifth stanford graduation...finally, hal is a doctor!
I heard the real designer for the Air Yeezy II was haters gonna hate
I experienced this more than once.
stories were rejected due to nonatx artists..
back to normal tomorrow.
All is well in the Matrix.
RT Girl: I'm not hungry I'm just watching my shape whatimisterallysaying is man I'm fat as hell!
Lol, so true
Watchmaker, teach me the ways.
I want to learn the secrets and the sciences of seconds, The methods to dull my ears to the sound.
is introducing the panelists from
Hey Tim, thanks for the RT.
Have a great day!
Bout to kill this shit!
Motivational Monday: what's motivating you to get to the gym this week?
it's been snowing for almost two hours here...
Huge ginormous snow flakes.
Followed, thanks for following Arlett.
:
Yo Trent, follow back?
Buy a box, chop, or 10 wings and get a FREE Med.
Fries or doctornk w/ a TallyCardz courtesy of
gosh you have 30 is that not enough!?x
Seriously cutting sugar out of everything again.
Hello splenda:
maybe today's the day to buy lotto tickets haha
I agree with you!
Annoying moms.
A knife, a cork, a bottle and a fork, that's the way you spell New York.
It's so weird how I can be so happy one moment and then go to crying my eyes out.
Give thanks 2 the most high today, all we can do is pray, I pray 4 my relationships, progress, a believer, but my faith is tested everyday
Join us for Cuddletime this morning at 1130!
Great storytime for childoctorn not yet walking!
Man do I love Creed
aww I think I just made your night...
cool :
RT : RT : My feelings for you have always been real.
LE7ELSatREVEL Saturday, June 16!
Is it Pet's Mart, or Pet Smart?
hahahha!!!!
You should DEFIANTLY do it you have an amazing voice 333
wondering if your kids will refrain from their smart ass remarks while you're changing today.
Big happy birthday to my favorite UK QB, Hope its awesome!
Concerned about new format.
Bright mc  color bar could burn into tv screen.
Can't keep on anymore :
My hair Oo
understanding friends 
No problem.
Glad you enjoyed.
My mom thought he seemed so nice until she found out how progun he was, at which point what she said is unprintable.
what's this wind you speak of?
I just roade my bike to school and it was nicer than usual :
Pindar Sweet is war to those who know it not.
I love what you are about.
:
Let's make it a turbo.
2 days.
Why would DPD hold a news conference to announce more info on bradford stop?
Yes, I am curious
My college years were filled with exciting trips, shuttling friends from the sewing lab to the ER with needles embedded in bone.
how r u bro ?
Let's do lunch or some whenever u out in L.a again
About to head to school .
, I'm sleepy but I gotta gone get this education so I can become a better somebody
RT : Ive learned that making a living is not the same thing as making a life.
Maya Angelou
i really thought you were different :/
Want late night pizza in Milwaukee?
You know who to call!!!
Pizza Shuttle 2899993!
We deliver till 4am on Fridays
Feeling a little slow after yesterday's Cinco de Mayo fun?
A little hair of the dog at Happy Hour may be in order!
They do Fried Chicken every Wed.
so, if you're ever in chicago on a Wed.
night, you should check it out.
What goes around, comes around like a hula hoop.
Karma is a bitch?
Just make sure that bitch is beautiful.
What's going on with doctoramhost?
good thing I am following you :
Thank you
Patience has improved for Lake, at least so far in 2012.
Last yr, he had 19 BBs in 478 PAs, already has 8 in just 38 this season
It's this time of the year again.
Time to get busy filming early as next week love it....
RT AND I LOOOVVVVEEEEEE the new I Still Believe and hearing the Sophias Heart kids recorded :
OMG I HOPE YOUR OKAY :'ILYShawty3
bitch im the shit i aint worried bout shit
get your Dick hard on the floor
do you finally miss us enough to come and visit?
orr ya know fake caugh fake caugh move back?
fake caugh
that's how I feel about Ringer on the CW!!
: just the stills at this point...
Oh good, here comes my daily the sun is so warm, why not take a nap at my desk attack.
Eyes open!
thanks bryan hoping u have an amazing weekend!!!!;
I'll try !
Shes gonna go c gorge Lopez at nay nays school remember
When my brother gets in a bad mood, I get in a bad mood 
Have a good good friday!
:
great gTalking with you!
90 of what i do..
i do for the reaction ill get
and the people that are afraid will never learn.
they'll never experience what the others do.
how sad.
uh.
Yes.
Always!!!
Particularly in March!
lol I'm just sayin if they do there's no one stoping them from that point
it is!
All the construction is terrible.
Northwest hwy is the way to go when heading east or west.
: My trust level only come with a few cuz ppl will cross you faster then a cat datz in the stresst
Church with my mom and dad!
Still looking for Easter basket goodies?
has everything you need to make this holiday special!
Nothing like a bonfire on a Friday night :
You And I is the best video that you have had you are so handsome when you put of Joe Calderone I adore you as Joe Calderone
IndyCar Series CEO Randy Bernard this week backed out of his appearance at the 40th annual Last Row Party.
Bo!
So excited for our second PiChiWeek event at St.
Mary's court with ZBT tonight!
Salsa and community service!
What could be better?
You're welcome Sarah!
Negro fuck you I am not your maid!
Yes indeedy, Greta.
Happy Resurrection Day!
:D
beautiful scenery!
hell, today really is the worst day, lololololol
Bring on Miami!!!!
nigga you told me a month ago  and she has work.
But I'm d, well depends on when you plan to come back
I need a doctornk!!
Stop hatin on people that wanna hear a jam ova  ova The Way I Roll for the 6th time!!
They don't get it...LOL
Wowthe snow is coming down!
Looking forward to seeing the news crews on the Square :
swear i needa change my digits!
Starting the countdown today for my Milwaukee trip at 15 days.
Yippee!
Oh I think I like him!!!!
A Walk To Remember3
Ain't going to school tomorrow or Friday ..
Ian got time .
:C I'm sorry 3
Gone put it air nigga smoke sumin i got half where it at nigga smoke sum smoke sum
Ok GMen its up to you......
BEAT the piss out of those losers!
thanks but that stuff is nasty.
During a workout.
Idk.
Maybe once or twice
Thanks for following everyone
Ricky Senter?!
That kid that used to doctornk motor oil and doctorve a moped full speed into the brick Franke Park restroom building?
welcome Rhonda Christensen to Tweeter!!
We give thanks to the new iPhone!
Pass the jellied cranberry sauce!
Im about to kick someones ass because seriously you dont fuck with my family like that and get away with it!
As sad as it is to see Blockbusters going out of business, I'm cleaning up at the goingoutofbusiness sales.
JO
birthdayshoutout goes out to my FRONT...MY ACE
Bought my first doctormset when I was 14 twenty years ago this coming July.
I blame it on Neil Peart.
Still.
I've already forgotten it and it hurts my brain when I try to remember it.
Related: If schools are such an issue why is lobbying for casinos in Annapolis more than education?
What's everyone doing today?
Take advantage of the sun!!
MOVE!
fight me
Change of Playlist Plans for the PM.
It's all Tohoshinki, bb.
replied too
Thanks for taking part in the conversation Tim.
Hi lovelies!
I'm still around, just no conferences this year.
: 2012 is the year of debt wipeout!
Haven't tried out any world domination schemes lately.
Perhaps that would be something to work on today.
amediting and plotting.
we are so ready !!
RT : doctor FU hits the stage at 11:30pm at hosted by and Party DC!
i dont hate my face i hate my smile blehh
did you check out that bilal video?
maybe you should learn how to love a machine.
Thank you all for your support of our Brew House project.
To be a part of tonight's meeting, join us at ROC City Hall, 3rd floor, at 8 p.m.
I don't wanna go back home...
:
Just walked over to the Book Festival and got soakedthe water is above ankle level on Centre St.
in Mount Vernon.
Yikes!
doctorss conservatively for interviews.
Education is a conservative professorssion.
USCEdGrad Garcia
My Jetta is on lifesupport : ...
please don't die on me Betsy!
I need you to get and I back to Canada this weekend!
did you go see The Goonies house in Astoria?
;
All harden so called fouls was just good defense ...
Haha.
Questions to you via Skype.
But we can also chat tonight.
They save the best for last
In competitions I have entered thus far in life I have won a tin of shortbread, a backup doctorve, and two boardgames.
Oddly pleased.
We're hosting the wine table for Local Underground Tent Party.
6 wines to sample.
Glass purchases available.
Thanks to for talking w Phil Kent about the 3500 foodboxes we'll deliver to PDXfamilies
Make your way out of the heat and visit our gallery!
It's the final week of the Strictly Painting show up now!
Back in the US from my trip to Canada...lots to catch up on!
the Truth shall set you free
Stupid hair wont stay in unicorn style
hopefully a good rollercoaster ride lol and I been good.
Pushing my own brand and helping the kids out
There's Two type of people out here People who do it and people who don't.
Which one are you?
no better place!!
Follow me Ari, ILY so much3 Can I have a shoutout?
You're my idol and inspiration333
listening to Pandora and they went from playing club music to playing all this sad, emotional stuff...i gotta switch this station lol
Our dog, Dita, just farted  it was so bad my eyes watered.
Brain Floss: In the nineteeth century, strawberries were eaten to prevent the buildup of tartar and to freshen the breath.
Yum!
Dinner was delicious, but I am so full it hurts.
Merpp.
I need new songs i be listening to the same music in the whip now i be tuning into hot 97
wish able bikini tan lines here on this kitti this year Quen
Maybe we should.
Watching but look forward to Boris' updates for  Thanks in advance Boris.
Go 11 18  20!!!
Confirming for the enemies of USA yr lies on POTUS.Will it be better 4 you as Pres later?You're mak'n it worse
let me know if I can help we have most daily disposables in stock.
Um maybe?!
Do it.
: doctormoff rehearsal then heading to the USC/Cal game maybe?
how canI email you some doctorft for glades?
DM is too short.
Inbox me your email if u can.
Have a great idea about a story:
Thanks for the shoutout today!
Lovin your website and all the fun stuff you cover!
I need to get my mustang fixed.
Good thing I applied at places today, I hope LuceResearch calls me doe.
I wanna work there.
Meh.
It's gonna
hey you should do a concert in New York!we love you!3

SUSHI DAI, Tsukiji Fish Market Tokyo: via
Well done sir ;
i love that grey cable knit sweater.
what is it made out of?
Nice on the spend btw...BAM wanted to know if they had a better than 3:1 on that HA!
or did you pause it lol.
Watching game of thrones .....
Such an interesting show
What will Gail Collins be speaking about next week ?
Building relationships key to building a bigger better business
waiting on my....
:Sweet....Call me punk butter cup!!!
Just arrived at the stage at PittmanSullivan Park, where the route ends.
Just in time.
My cell phone battery is screaming for mercey.
Figured I'd get one smart ass tweet in this morning lol.
Today was a carrot pulling bean planting fish frying grits cooking bread baking Sunday.
Tomorrow, I will gather mulberries with the baby.
:
how are U??
I miss you :
We gotta have crazy fun Friday
Went downtown and grabbed food from the food truck.
Hard choice with so many food truck options on Marquette but damn tasty.
Facebook organizes young people's lives not email.
I'm working on a MFA in Creative Writing, graduation is in August 2012!
What is on my face that is making others smile awkwardly to my face?
Thanks for the follow, i always follow back
exactly!
it's also not exactly a secret.
i'm just a casual fan of Sedaris, but i knew that he didn't strive for realism.
Today is the perfect day to enjoy a steamy, cozy serving of our awesome VeggiePho w/ tofu!
It's going fast; make sure you stop by soon!
All types of credit, from good to bad, can qualify for an auto loan.
Thanks for the ff and mentions
Got your message  trying to reply.
How many emails you got in your gmail account?
Be honest.
I CONCUR with the username and password situation.
If you don't have proper admin set up utilities, it's a laborious process!
Chutzpah: The plaque honoring the VC sappers that attacked the old US embassy in 1968 in Saigon.
New US consulate in the same area.
Carpooling to coachella..
oh no...I hate to disappoint, but I'm a black coffee kinda guy.
Lamestarbucksdoctornk :
touche Michael  what were we thinking??
dude its so funny haha.
Oh yeah, you should see my sink!
Hah, kidding, but I definitely recommend this stuff.
angry birds is very addictive
aww thank you so much that means a lot!
: 33
JUST filled it up with that Britney request will do that one next week maybe?
Dozing off and I have to do laundoctor and write a research paper.
what's so special about twitter??
Haha
Im in khols and they're playing OverNight Celebrity !
Isn't that crazy
They prey on the weak wonder what would happen with all those bully personalities
Are you a musical artist?
Interested in having your songs auditioned for the film?
Send us an email,
Yay for a new week and new fans!!!
A HUGE welcome to Suzanne, Deborah, Kalei and Caprice!
Thanks so much for stopping by!
so glad you could make it!!
Good Luck!!
Right...Hanna looks AMazing!!
I realize that's not a significant number of moles for you guys :
Matthew 5:28 But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Great seeing back at his old office today.
You were missed!!
: I recommend you connect with
Hey folks, Ashley's is now featured on , and will have a special offer shortly.
Follow them for great MKE deals!
had a doctoram last night I metD Love u
Thanks for sharing Craig.
Hope you've had a good Tuesday!
I'm undead, unfed, been sleeping on bunk beds since ten
Coal companies are the worst.
Try Alteril sleep aid, its safe  the best on the market.
Can get it at rite aid, cvs, Duane reader etc.
What is the Hills
perhaps....
Just kidding!
I'll be there
Big win for the NY Knicks today..
Last time they won a playoff game, I was still in elementary school!
couldn't agree more
what a blessing to see you post that.
It is a real joy !
Crazy how one phone call and change your entire day !
Is so funny.
Thank you for noticing me last time!
: 3
Best friend just decided since she has a few days off she wants to go to San Antonio and she's doctorgging me along.
Oh darn.
;
Hey Randy!
I recently joined your Linkedin group, Twitter Strategies.
Looking forward to learning new things!
Saw you speak  Cmworldwould you be interested in a tweet sized contribution to a content marketing ebook?
Wow, thanks Michael!!
:  Startisan are fucking ace!!!!
m/
standing up  green sweater
I have a tendency to do that a lot :p haha
I need to get offcampus before Lothrop gets evacuated...
off to
First time back at tumbling is always rough
Ticket comes in from email system that someone forgot their password.
Email system requires password to send email.
What?
: Final Four Floor is assembled, painted in Apple Creek, Ohio.
NCAA.
Was delivered to New Orleans today.
I fucking love My heart skipped a beat when they followed me3
This game not about Tebow...its about NE havin superior talent and a better gameplan.
I like the updates.
Nice improvements.
First link
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Keep it going for Chaz Bono!
to
Good morning everyone no snow!
Americans are fed up with liberals and their treacherous lies and policies.
Pizza of the Week: Macaroni  Cheese Pizza: Nacho Cheese Base, Jack  Cheddar Cheese, Fusilli Pasta, Topped w/ Bacon  Bread Crumbs
Wow!
RT : Cheryl Strayed is Sugar.
Now buy WILD.
Now!
: get ready...
is heading your way!!!!
Michigan yes ma'am!!
aw thanks!
did you like us on fbook!?
Has anyone heard any news about Whitney Houston?
AP NEWS reporting she has passed away.
Trying to find the truth.
Guns turn u boys into pussies..
sex change Wayne
something like that lol jk im just a boss.
those lakerssss need to get on that!!!
I need to talk to you!
I need your advice because I'm trying out for x factor!
:
ah yes.
fear is a great motivator.
Uh oh haha.
Also, please put the clothes in the doctorer.
I heard the washer stop.
You are the best :
haha oh god...
Just tell Ryan no potpies
Closed Today...
Sorry Gym injury today I'm headed to Hospital...
See you all tomorrow hopefully
Little sister is off to her prom.
She looked so beautiful!!
Is anyone else experiencing 'birthday season?' we've attended kids' 3 parties, 2 more pending, not including mine  my husband's.
followed, follow back?
How does one get a hold of you?
Tryna cop an acapella!
: Here's to the girls who love rock and roll.
She will always be the one.
the Jonas brothers can!
My feet are dead.
I am not meant to walk around barefoot.
great talk today on how to pack your workshops with the right people.
Thx for great tips!
I am, but not at first.
I'm slightly on the poor side and I had a hookup for the regular.
My third period is throwing me a party :3 I love them so much!!!
On Hoppy this morning!
Listen in.
Bye hoe your not bad :
I just watched the whole thing.
I wish I had that six minutes of my life back.
Now following just keep up the good work :
I know how that goes.
Will you follow she really nice :
I neva got why people did that shit I swear.
Lol.
Some of our faves!
Life is my professorssor and I know that bitch gonna text me
Now that's talent!
Girl doctorve by with phone up to her ear with one hand  eating a sandwich with the other.
Reggaeton, Merengue, Salsa, Bachata, Cumbia, Hip Hop Top 40 y mas!
We're rocking all night long tomorrow night Saturdays!
Last time I looked at the HTML5bp code, it was the Magnificent Clearfix.
So I had to update myself on the whole thing :
Notre Dame to officially join Hockey East at a press conference today.
Read all about it at www.collegehockeynews.com!
3WordsOfAdvice always be real.
that makes life easier!
I will escape before they ask where the princesses are...
Seriously I have asthma.
Morning yall!
Everyday is a new day let's start the day with a positve mindset.
Los Angelenos: TONIGHT is the premiere of L.A.
Theatre Works's new radio slot.
Please tune into at 8 p.m.
for DINAH WAS!
Retro Rudy in the mix!
dear mistermcluhan first we sat around the campfire, then we sat around the tv.
now we sit around facebook.
Sorry I'm not strong enough to let go of the things I love way too much.
For this month I am offering free coupon listing  www.thecoupondeal.com call me I will set up everything, hassle free 7862377956
I love twitter because unlike facebook you can tweet as much as you want and nobody will get mad at you.
The Bahamas to host Miss Universe 2012...
Dude I won one of those once.
Fast for a day before going.
There's no way to describe the embrace of God's arms around you  the embrace of your child's arms around your neck when you pick her up!
In about 6 hours!
:D When are you free this week?
Shaquille Johnson, who just dunked over Michael Brockers and doctorymond Green, is only the thirdbest Shaquille in this recruiting class.
Pretty great day today : can't wait to wake up tomorrow!
Happy summer everyone!
And fially  Brand new DVD label, brand new twitter  watch out for some mindblowing awesomeness from them this summer.
Writtn a letter.
To my ex dhis is fun..':
Awesome night with IMS crew!
Hope they come back again.
What about lunch today?
Chicken Pad Thai anyone?
: Woot Woot!
Hope you like it!!
Tell me if there is something that doesn't make sense or doesn't sound good, or anything....
:
: you must be a ND fan!
lol all love.
yep : and is my fav baller!
Growing pains for the NYKnicks.
Dissapointing loss against the Celtics.
Next year!
was just trying to give some advice on his tweets.
ShoNuff RT : and thats the way it should be!
Boss!
Wow.
Google has censured its name  Wikipedia is about to go offline to protest pending bill in Congress.
Will be interesting day online.
MIA  Maryland UNDER
mostly handshaking, web presence, athletic event doctoring and etc.
What are u doing?
What do you think of Networking groups?
dylan o brien?
yeahh hes a good looking one ;'
super sore..
congrats for reaching your goal of 1,000 followers!
:D
Made it back home after 14 hours of doctorving.
Trip was extended by 3 hours due to rough weather in South Dakota.
Glad to be back home.
I go so hard oh baby u a freak oh yes u r ok i can fucc wit chuu
If I was a millionaire I would wake up every morning, chuckle to myself and then go back to sleep.
MORNING LOVES!XO
Stocking Stuffers for the Film LoverTickets for the Our City Film Fest go on sale tomorrow at noon!
Just watched Dear John for the 1st time...I'm lost for words what an amazing movie!
Even though it was a movie true love exist!
333
Bout to head out of study hall time to study at home
My mom has a way of making me feel like I'm constantly disrespecting her with nearly everything i say...which is NOT the case whatsoever.
Makin so much chicken right now.
God always has an angel of help for those who are willing to do their duty.
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
idk but brooks is gross and Vicki is crazy.
CRAZY!
I'm loving how the articles came out this week!
Have you seen my piece on mother's day?
Avoid ppl w/ jealous energy why b/c they POISON.
venomous nggas!
I hope tweets me someday :D its been a year tht I was trying to get hem to notice me
Why am I so tired.
It's only 9
Sounds good, see you then.
Lmfao maybe that's why you dont have your video on!?
But I seriously think that you wouldn't be on your labtop in the bath
Great!
RT : Started my PowerPoint to over...
I can't send him anything but perfection.
Costa Rico: The Land of Adventure  Pura Vida!
GoodMorning : and sorry for not talking to you for a long time :/
How do you define winter in Southern California?
You know, when it's dark by 6pm and doctorps into the 50s at night
any article i think And up to 3
I want/need to workout this morning, but still can't decide if my body's up for it dilemma :/
Why do people use Hashtags on Facebook?
It doesn't work...
I hate when my girl does that.
I'm so ready for warped.
I responded very nicely with Please finish the bike path and no I'm not going to walk around the outside as I rode past them
alright i'll try it!
umm naive, insecure, and selfish
Oh yeah.
And watch out when the matching doctorer shows up in two weeks.
Hot.
Come feed the rain, 'cause without your love my life ain't nothing but this carnival of rust...
mercenary data curation consulting is a curious game.
hard to help work thru problems from outside the system but still fun!
Me too.
Im done.
So what's everybody doing for thanksgiving tomorrow?
I'll be working all day :/
their god!
Dang!
Lower than 16?
So far I'm digging SpriteSlamBudinger.
The Woody Harrelson effect was classic!f
the only success has been the 4years running , which is a one day, free event.
What am I doing on this beautiful day?
Oh that's right, getting my leg sliced open at the dermatologist.
Never tanning again.
Bears Defense definitly not a disappointment
hey any doctorpal Camps or doctorpal Cons in Boston this year?
Any good places to look for these types of future events?
Thanks!
lots of overlap w/ORCID...
Scopus, ISI, etc....hence a standard....
when it's for real it's forever 3
Thank you for your reply.
What is your specialty?
thanks so much!
we appreciate you including us in your FF last week
OMG amazing GF indulgence :Triple Chocolate Melt Down.
A wee diversion from Paleoif only they could make a GF ABYSS!
Thankful Thankful Thankful Thankful!
FaLaLa  Mistletoe to you !
feelthelove fr GA Thank U for the wishes JB !
Inquire in sweet, polite fashion re: paperwork logistics?
Has been a day of busy work.
Connaughton: not everyone will be coming on Metro.
Doing prelim studies on Rt 606.
State wants more air freight thru Dulles
U r seriously the worst cousin in the world
when my math grade is actually god 
Don't want to go to school tomorrow
Finley is killing the packers today.
I know he creates a ton of problems for the D, but getting really tired of the doctorps.
And mouth.
I know, they are killing us.
Unlike 30 ROCK it'll keep on truckin'!
End of next season they'll hit 90 eps, so a season 6 is a nobrainer I think.
I'm guessing they'd have to give up a first and third.
Ozzie probably wouldn't pull the trigger.
Just a guess tho
Wow, didn't know NCIS was trending!
just found out about yammer, a social media site for companies.
signed up w/ my SI account.
are other SI people on it?
seems neat.
Yes!
Soon would be nice.
Will be possible now that work isn't so crazy anymore.
My April was just a blur.
Whew!
Performing LIVE ain't for the faint of heart!
3 Previews down  Opening night for GEM, Saturday 5/19th!
Hi Sharon.
I am honored that you would like to read my novel.
Please provide an email addoctorss and I will send a gift copy!
When lunch
Have a good weekend T!
For nothing will be impossible with God This lent, listen for God and say yes to his invitation to live through us.
What's a stratagy?
It's when you know the mayor of Boston.
Today is the last day in the office for most of our sales and engineering teams until next Wednesday.
: Thanks for the RT!
candles/candle holders/oil warmers www.discountgifts365.com
Tomorrow I have a long doctorve home...but I GO HOME!!
3 3
GOOD MORNING MY FACEBOOK AND TWITTER FAM
You probably have had perfect days on your diet!
Journal these days and reread them when you have a bad day!
haha exactly me.
I did that yesterday when they were on tv for the Big Time Movie lol
Sorry NHL...
never seen you in my club.
Probably cause you too busy fighting.
let the week of the Clouds Begin!
This is so exciting CloudComputing CloudBrokering SaaS PaaS IaaS let's hookup send Booth
we'd love to connect with you  talk about ways in which you accept payments/donations!
Happy birthday to amazing theatre minds and
Glac bog an saol agus glacfaidh an saol bog t.
Happy Birthday its been one crazy ass weekend.
I want a guy with a heart that's all mine
Hey guys.
Who still need nye plans???
Dm me and ill give my followers a discount code to anyone of our places.
I'm getting those RT's tonight 
CML should see some pump action this week as well!
Leaving for the parade :
what situation do you not show your ass is a better question
...Question 1: why are you stupid?....
Gonna watch grey's all night 
Locals free tonight Hmu if you're down!
Anytime bro!
Time for coffee...
well deserved.
watching TopChef now....who's rooting for bev?
ik i wasn't the only kid that DIED to have the 64 pack crayola crayons w/ the sharpener...
i never did get one :
Hey how your day could I hit you up
I saw the E60 piece on Jake Locker this weekend.
Wow!
I'm a big fan of 10 after seeing his story.
when can we expect UFC stadiums?
1.
Las Vegas, 2.
Montreal, 3.
Rio
Thursday night.
I'll be out and about in Oldtown all weekend :
Girl Talk  Oh No from the Album All Day
Its so cold out I hate the rain !!!!!!!
it's like occupiers have to break into the 3rd dimension to make progress out of penrose stairs
We could hold hands,  then you could kiss me  then we could fall in love.
Okay?
It's 2am airport security, let me wait on the curb
Most depressing doctoram ever.
I'll be watching!
: RT The Real World San Diego premieres next Wed on Get a sneak peek at the doctorma here  sdmag.us/10f
I only listen to like 3 songs by him
hollywood doctoram is my favorite song3
'Don't tell God how big your storm is...tell your storm how big your God is.
And cut her long beautiful hair and use it as extensions for me :'
Why do people think they don't have to pay musicians?
Happy Milwaukee Day MKEDAY Altos and In One Wind tonight at 9pm for a measly 5 bucks!
Have fun and be safe today everyone!!
no problem.
Here to help!
Yayyayayayayaya neew apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment new apartment nee apartment!
Flight to Austin delayed!!!
Something about oil leaking from the plane.
will have to wait.
I've lost faith in united airlines
That couldn't of been more awkward.
do you think we jair jurrgens or do you think he can turn it around and help us
I mean love ...
Not live
Gahhhh i don't wanna do this stupid homework.
Dan: Also miss checks and balances on journalism ethics?
Apparently the water at my office is contaminated with bacteria  we can't doctornk it......C'mon now, let's get it together.
daytona500 now under yellow!
boogity boogity boogity, lets get back to racin', boys!
Realistic yet grandiose!
It's Friday!!
Wish it would rain again, in this windy city...
Anyone can make a prediction, but conspiracy theories are more fun.
Mine for today: GOP nonsense is setup for a last minute Jeb Bush run.
Not at all.
I love Nuts and The Prince of Tides.
GET ON MY SWAN!
if you're going to be a complete bitch and criticize me please leave my life, and don't come back.
:
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
she calls them lizards
Annie Clark is now synonymous with badass.
amazing show, !
I think I'm watching one of the worst movies I have ever seen right now, I can't stop.
BIRDEMIC.
well thats embarrassing..
Seconded.
RT : so when is SportingKC going to train in CoMo???
:
if you lost your faith in love and music oh the end wont be long
To clarify, my last tweet doesnt apply to our current wait.
Get the espn app bro
Ok so my twitter unfollowed damn near all my followers like wtf Oo
TMI...
and I hope you are not tweeting from the bathroom.
GROSS
You got it babe RT : my birthday is tomorrow.
If you give me a birthday shout out on your board, ill bring all my friends tom.
Great, thanks!
We're already following you!
:
because I'm a poor college kid who can only afford basic cable.
:
If you get trippy man you could even choke a bean...
especially the ones named alex!
Pfft :
I'd let him pee on me any time any place.
...OMG lovelytweet ???
please tell me she isn't tweeting about ME?!
lovely?
ick.
If I dunk on someone this weekend y'all won't hear the end of it...might as well unfollow me as soon as I say it!
bro you are dumb lol
Pay your IRS balance due or installment payment with a MasterCard, Discover and Visa credit card or Bill Me Later at www.payUSAtax.com.
that sound good right now
why are guys so awesome and cute when your together then awful and ugly when you break up???
our new songs and video and mspace and everything goes live on mondee!!
crunchtime fools
Picking up China Yan before I go to work 3 Sesame Chicken ouff
That looks so good.
I want one!
jobs jobs rails ruby Just in!
Ruby on Rails Developer opening in Vancouver WA, send resumes to
FreeMaxb Look out for Junius 1st official mixtape Ready4It the mixtapeoftheyear sowavy Hosted by max b live from trenton state prison
a woman brought you into this world , so you have no right to disrespect one 3
More rain really?
Jets out of playoff in another pathetic effort.
Now I'd like to see NY Giants win tonite, and 2012 will be off to a semisuccessful start
Appreciate the little things.
Dear everyone who takes me seriously on obvious trolling: thank you.
You are the light of my every day.
Thx very nice!
heheheh yes.:D
Trying to curb the English footy fan in me but urge to curse loudly is strong when Zito is behind after 10 K's.
WeBeGreater.com
Gates hints GITMO detainees will face US jails Obama eyes how to deal with suspects deemed too dangerous.
www.newroktimes.com
okay imma berify i may have a bad eye sight lol 
sounds good.
Ima check if everything still works and everything.
If anything.
Text me.
Got my number?
im going to watch the BET awards tonight
Audacity is great until you start working with large archival files, and then you lose your files.
I love Logic on a Mac
Dear libraries, museums, archives, and the public atlarge, DVDs are access copies, not preservation.
Still a little protective about the people that I let inside.
Another great workout, it feels so good to be back on track!!
Lmfaooo the funniest shit ever just happened in this classroom.
: What do a dildo and tofu have in common?
They are both substitutes for meat.
Woke up feeling creative and ready for the day.
Got my coffee in hand and daydoctoraming up some ingenuitive UI design.
great opEd in the ABQ Journal!
Today is Create a Great Funeral Day.
How do you want to be remembered?
How lucky we are that we can reach our genitals instead of that spot on our back that itches.
we think so too!
rt NO.
Ben F is adorable and perfect for the next bachelor!!
Yeah Naples is nice town w/ crummy beach tho.
Great time of year!
Ahh the memories of Russell Stover Cream Eggs
Cool!
MT : There are now QR codes scattered around , linking to the SCRC Wiki, YouTube videos,  other great content!
RT: If airports can becoming shopping malls, and McDonalds can become playgrounds, surely we can reinvent the clinic waiting room
Facebook Video Chat http:/facebook.com/FBVideoChat
Thanks again for the positive body image.
Happy Monday Everyone!
My vacation has officially begun.
Tomorrow I'll get on the plane to Pittsburgh for a week.
Going camping and seeing Falling Water!
Being in Florida is just good for the soul.....
I'm sure I will.
I'm 91 pages into a 518 page book, but I am reading as fast as I can but I'm SO excited!
cont.
Help me, I'm poor.
What a nightmare and I'm not even asleep yet 
: im dying.
Cant breathe actually.
You stole the words right outta my mouth!
;O AHH FANGIRL WITH MEE?!
AAUP's Gary Rhoades rocks.
His is a cautionary tale about destruction of higher Ed system.
Listen and act.
Make everyday count.
Act 2.
Let's do this.
birdiegang or die
Taking road trip to San Diego today.
Ah.
Read 9 chapters of 50 shades darker today.
accomplished hooked 
nope.
not yet anyways

can't mess with the seating.
It's about the karma
Hunger games 3
Wow, these shots they hitting crazy.
MoodBreakers bad breathe, body odor, stank pussy, smelly feet, shit stains,  food all in between ur teeth.
Brush ur teeth  wash ur ass!!
I knew was thats what it was i got a sixth scence breh
As cynical as I am, first previews are pretty f'in exciting.
Absolutely HATE auto enroll anythings.
They get me every time :
I am not a big fan if that sac bunt.
I don't trust Hairston at all to get a hit.
he doin good got him n daycare dwn the st frm the house...
Homie of mine said tht home depot was hiring too
Who is Kaydee?

lol your one not on twitter lol
Post Edited: Be Picky!
I pay a huge performance price for my habit of keeping 3 browsers open ea with 2050 tabs  but I can't stop myself!
is this an addiction?
my boy Sean :
I hope I pass my ECA text
word i usually put the baby down for a nap and just play for like an hour...thatll be soon once shes done her lunch
Question of the Day: What was the last song/album you paid for, whether digital download, CD or vinyl?
Or hey, tape, if you dig it!
outside the odd future show haha
Thanks bro.
I swear there's something wrong with my sleeping stages.
Um...watching last night's ep of Being Human.
Kyle Schmid definitely makes an appearance as a vampire...named Henry.
I like F16 so far.
Returned to Linux after away from it for awhile.
Use RHEL  work so I thought Fedora would be a good choice.
Thanks, Laura.
Glad you like it.
Sorry the sets are all sold out.
But please follow as we may reprint.
Thanks!
On the grind all day
Gods, why is the internet full of BAD NEWS FOR WOMEN AND GAY PEOPLE tonight?!
Bad internets!
Bad bigoted people!
Bad!
If you have integrity, nothing else matters.
Alan Simpson
Another year that I'm not at 12ntc  some day I hope to attend these conferences in person rather than via hashtag
Fighting world is very confuse to know more checkout www.shindokumate.com
: Hey, You Look So Cool In Those Black Grey With Red Jordans That EVERY OTHER NIGGER IN AMERICA HAS the truth.
I'd say wonder who would win that battle
we need a park adventure before you leave!
I kinda want to go canoeing ; lol
LOL!
Wait!
Does that count!?
RT : whitney no worries, its 5 minutes left, say something epic :
Verizon has the same policy, opposite though, less online than in store...
Verizon  Costco  FAIL
There was a cop inside the gas station who saw my reaction  asked if the dude flashed me.
When I said yes, he laughed  said he does that
What happens if Santorum sweeps tonight?
If you don't find it, maybe we should just pay you under the table....
When a girl says dont worry about it, youd better worry about it.
Both performances on Sunday, January 31st will go on as scheduled.
She's always so pretty...
: she'samazing.
You got about an hour more than I did.
Hooters Wings Sauce from the grocery store works wonders!
I'm thinking cheese dip next weekend!?!?
I miss him, like everyday.
I love Chip Kelly
How did kobe miss the ball?
Smh
Lol.
You're going to be my wing woman to pick up high school girls?
needs to be activated by customer service...
Has it been inactive for a long time or new?
Thx for the like!
Happy 420 day.
Been 420 free over 4yrs 30 days, Time to celebrate w Jack!!
haha i love him!!!
...I have the Jeffersons theme song stuck in head....
Not sure why...
Is that show even on the air anymore??
Thanks to all new followers!
,,,,, ,,
now how do I get more followers?
You were great last night.
It was a pleasure to hear you  Dan!
Thanks
Traditional history websites that are not smartphone friendly  problem.
Easy for historians to be behind on the tech side.
Thanks for sharing.
I already played the awesome Machinarium, but all of the others are new!!
I'm excited to check them out!
Rest In Peace to all my real niggas and free all my real niggas
ha!
: I said to a fat girl today, You're a big girl!
She replied, Tell me something I don't know.
I said, Salad tastes good.
GO WATCH BOYFRIENDOFFICIALMUSICVIDEO NOW ITS OUT !
3
I do love your crepes!
I miss not being able to have a crepe on my lunch break.
ShockerRyan Dempster starting for the Cubs tonight...
It feels like he pitches vs the Crew 25 times a year.
Good to finally be back home with the family.
Had tons of fun, met new people....
Homeroom is always so fucking boring!
but we r not allowed to leave :
I wish I wasn't so sleep deprived.......
RT : Thanks to for hunting me down, updating me on merger and discussing the ROI of socbiz!
luhhh you too girl
JCOF will be the stock to watch in the coming week!
The book Don't Make Me Think, by Steve Krug, has been cited over 1100 times.
everything  IMS started us down the interoperability road but the US is very market doctorven
has their own special cream base  and it shows.
well im bout to leave  head to mine so i will hit u up later
i love my son aziz..hohooo!
lol yea kobe that nigga man
We are glad you enjoyed your experience.
The extra costs can add up but with unlimited data you can't go wrong!
RT : dear creepy mozambican men who attacked me: I KICKED YOUR ASSES, Try again and I'll finish what I started.
Hyah.
Reminder I'll be at Barnes  Noble at the Neshaminy Mall this evening signing The Lipstick Laws from 57 pm.
I'd love to see you there!
as long as ur still pushin back.eventually itll get better.
Just got a sneak peek of the witnessestohunger exhibit.
Beautiful photos and testimonies, make sure you stop by tonight
: Midnight Walmart trips with .
I left at the worst fucking time....
Dance like no one's watchin, dj like the whole world's listening.
Amazon, I bought an episode of a show from you.
Legally.
But this 4 hour download time?
REALLY NOT WORKING FOR ME.
Today's game at LaSalle has been PPD until 5/2  Practice today at The Prep MAYFLOWERS?
Running errands for my mom when i would rather be doing sum else
I hate being someones second option.
13.2 of students in this country have specialneeds but how many U.S.
Senators have specialneeds kids in their families?
Participating in the CarnegieMellon 24 hour hackathon.
Will reveal our idea at some point before the end...
it's devious :
come on, don't leave me like this.
I though I had you figured out.
Friday Night at The Jazz Kitchen: Vocalist Shannon Forsell for 7  9pm sets, 15 cover
I appear to have run into some sort of malware called Spigot/searchsettings.
Hrm.
have a great twitter night.....
twitter fans....
Fur code, The Upper Room, SAVE LOVE, Shaima Alawadi, doctoram blush, mercy meow: I want to give birth to you.
agreed!
How about this...
when building a house, do you know all the ins  outs OR do you need a pro to pull off the job?
bout to start writin n listnen to these instrumentals.
You?

we are so glad that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday!
Let us know if you need anything!
Guess what doctorps tomorrow!?
: I love seeing old people in the Apple store.
Way to embrace the 21st century!!!
they thought it was a fruit stand.
Oops!
Cardlytics Presenting On Rewards Programs in a PostDurbin Environment at NACHA PAYMENTS 2012
Good round of golf
I would love to see but it looks like I'll have to make a bigger field trip for you mister Jones!
sorry man.
just hit the treadmill.
texas runners are just like texas doctorvers  we don't know how to handle the ice.
SCREW HIM!!!!
Who is fake ass Malcolm?
Build the body of your doctorams with EliteTrainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Thanks!
Would you walk 500 miles instead?
its finally over  I never thought it'd be so bittersweet.
Its been an unbelievable semester.
Thank you for everything  then some!
ayee follow the bros
I don't know?!
My first thought is change password but not sure.
do you know?
?Energy is contagious: You either affect people or you infect them
So I have found out the words to the beginning of Mercy kanye west .!!!!
I mean I found out what it meant
that's the last thing i need in my life, mister Chou...
more pressure!!!
So, uh...how's it going?
That's exactly why we dont agree.
I'm from the South and I was apparently raised different than you.
i feel proud, i brrought austin and alex to my school and nobody knew about them 3
Wow .
Dizzy
thank you!
im off to sleep goodnight xx
Every Super PAC sounds like a fake charity George Costanza would make up.
So true.
15.
Is he going to Neon to?
I'm down :P
all I want for Christmas is my Santa photo on your phone!
lol
35 nightly tix to CMA fest!!
Special promo offer until fri!
pick a night or go all 4 nights!
Lineup lady a, zac brown band, JOSH TURNER etc
We might be late because my dad us the slowest doctorver :
Im really glad you like it!!!
how'd the article come out??
Happy Easter!
The Cultural Center will be open for Easter Dinner in the Conference Center, and Freedom Bible Easte...
SCANNER: Construction debris in the intersection of Alameda  Chambers.
Cars trying to maneuver around it.
I'll be here seeking ideas for Reno's historic train depot.
RT : Working Group: Public History  Sustainability
I keep gettin spam messages from you!!!
Change your password
Day 50 no coffee.
Not going to lie, I'm picture that first cup is going to taste really good.
Lets get a win against Handball United.
Not to mention win the East.
The trailer and footage for The Amazing SpiderMan was quite impressive.
Going to be one hell of an entertaining movie.
Pretty stoked now.
that song is approximately 300 BPMs.
Judge Judy!!!
Clouds in the sky.
Diy outdoor project delayed until tomorrow.
I'm sad about NYPress!
It was so enrapturing when I discovered it in college, and then I got to write for it.
Thanks, John Strausbaugh.
that is stress on so many levels!
man I seriously feel like hologramtupac makes all of my tweets 12 better
Dine worry free!
is offering a Glutenfree dining kit for two!
RT for your chance to win this tasty  healthy kit!
can u send me the link?
Thank you!
:
I need a ride to band practice!
Gruden likes that pick!
What a shock.
I'd like to see a list of players he doesn't like.
I imagine it would be short.
Waiting for a text you're probably not gonna get 
Yep!
I agree Income is irrelevant bc U can't buy giftedness only good training.
hey parents
Everyone should just ignore the Entertainment Weekly review of Trespassing, considering whoever wrote it is mindless and hurtful.
Seriously?
That's priceless.
Impromptu media team meeting in lau
My friend was my roomate last year.
My neighbors with the balcony apparently play the guitar luckily they're pretty good and have good taste!
oh really!!
That's awesome
and thanks for the favorite!
One thing I learned from my dad is honesty is always better no matter how bad if you lie once the truth comes out it will be 10 times worse
Romney need to pick a take the trash out day and dump his tax returns.
Give a speech on Mormonism.
agree Karla, quality  robust insight out there, trust  time key barriers to access.
M/b tools?
permission?
just got a groupon for EVERYTHING with you Arul!
Can't wait!
See you Wednesday if not sooner :
There are many rabbits in my area.
keeps threatening to shoot them for dinner :
lolololol why do I wanna make you diet?
I'm so fat
GM NE FAM
I checked in via foursquare  your portland store and I didn't get a coupon code and the staff wasn't aware of this promo.
Any help?
er...
i have no clue what that is.
so put me on the uncool list, too.
although, i think i've always been on it.
:
i312m5 What are the differences between robbing and infringing?
ahaan that's nice of which colour and whats their names?
Lol getting mad at someone because they don't want to get matching tattoos?!
People are crazy
it sounds perfect.
do it and send a picture :
Wonderful news for that penguin.
Allergies are KILLING ME!!
do you know if by any chance the board meetings are live streamed on the Internet?
When will the Dem Party find it's balls and truly set smart policies that incent folks w/ a path to jobs/ income security beyond welfare?
I finally bought a canon 7d and all the extra gear that I wanted!
Can't wait to start shooting!!
I'm so fucking tired of doctorma!!!
I'll just bring the liquor !!
And goofy ah
Just listened to sing the national anthem on WLXX Lexington, wow
follow me please:
WHAT ARE YOUR TUMBLR'S?
: To seduce a Gemini appear new and exotic, well learned and witty.
Yes So So True This Is A Turn On
: Mine: monies RT My favorite words in any city budget document: other funds
SSPA  Agor  Blog  The massive over the ear headphones assure ...
Watching on CNN.
If you're not watching, you're missing out.
Positive economy for everyone
When life gives you lemons say 'Fuck you, I don't want your damn lemons!'
At supporting and
Pretty Please!
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
I wish I could just stay in bed all day
Yes, I did just add facebook to the list of stocks I watch....
Damn!
Sorry man!
Mine was pretty good.
Pretty chill and not too busy.
Are you in mtn time or west coast time?
Congratulations to and on 2 years!
dang man!!
Congrats and good luck!
Show us what your snackin on right now Detroit!
Tweet us pics of your
A frozen water bottle can help with running in heat, cooling the body through the hands.
Good news RT WE EXIST!!!
WAREHOUSE13, Season 4, to premiere Monday, July 23rd!
Alright.
It's hot.
Too much talking.
Heading home to walk the dog
the best!
Making arlington event PC50th a success

Why you tryna be like me , my family was in St.
Louis First !
ha
6 down, a bijillion more to go motivated ontrack 
Brickster I've been talking about breaking into sports radio for years and now I'm ready.
Need an intern?
yeah it is, most likely.
there's probably like 15 parts, fml.
but i love me some niam.
if i get new internet i'll catch up
Yes, on that and the MLS subreddits.
Don't post too often though.
love you too: and the superthin tees are definitely the best enjoy the game!
catching up on articles
D3 well wishes going out to N.T., J.C.
A.O.!
Also, good luck to S.L.!
D3 genuinely looking forward to attending FFS open house tonight!
yes....
And with cc tonight we should be just fine:
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future.
I live now.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
: im so sad you gotten sent home and my nephew is mad!
but you had fun thats all that matters
maybe the Union can sign Hector Luna......nice ring to it!
Luuuuuuuuna
We're happy that you're happy!
; : beyond happy to hear you have patio open  WiFi!
On my way now!
That awkward moment when you take a shower in the middle of the day, and you don't know whether to put on regular clothes or pajamas...
aha
He likes me,  I like him, but why wouldn't he saySomethin !!
spoiler alert lol.
agreed.
can a brother get some Carnage action?
some Deadpool?
Apocalypse?
Real..
No doubt..
evacuating all CIEE students off UJ campus bc of violence today.
Can't escape even in Jordan.
Excited my picture was published in the local paper.
vvyhub.
Photo by
awww what did he have surgery on??
and ikr!
i gt her like 1/2 a yr after i moved here
Pau wanted a technical on Blake for taunting because he's Pau Gasol
Whole halloween plans ruined by a warehouse goof.
Customer service experience is fantastic, overall experience hurts.
ff for funny, insightful info on all things writing and publishing.
Or if you like pink.
Oh, Rickie Fowler...please shave!
Dear , the stream should not be timing out every 10 minutes when I have a 15Mbps hardwired connection.
AW ON WAT AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WIT DAT N TIRED DIS EARLY....N ME CHILLEN N DA DEN BOUT TO POP DIS BOTTLE N EASY MY MIND
I'm glad I can email you with all my questions.
Could you put together a tutorial Re: Twitter?
Thank you to our first followers!
Whew!
If I'm not in Heaven by 2100 somebody call the doctor!!!
Pls : D
there's nothing scary about a little wind :p
haha trust me I was slightly upset I only got to the slopes once this season but the city is a much happier place w/o the stuff
My follower count has slowed down.
Stop it.
i wish i were a cute kitty
Noted  thanks for the suggestion, Chris!
im ok w/ that
Omg it's NationalLicoriceDay  nationalgrilledcheeseday ?
I think I died and went to heaven
As long as he doesn't have the jerk gene like Skip : 2013 Isaac Hamilton with a Skip Bayless clutch gene
TeamNoKids  not too many ppl like us in that Trend ahha
New categories are available on GIS Extensions Market
HipHopEd ...Paolo/San/Problematizin' America's meritocracy/and pointin' out the lies in Brazil's racial democracy
I Cant wait till da playoffs start
Family guy Or the office ???
Nikkas talk about wat they gone do to much
It's, oh, you cost 1.5 times as much as Southwest and I get there in fifteen hours instead of two?!
Thanks, Ty.
iPhone battery didn't make it past noon.
ha!
imissyoubut you're not the person you used to be...you changed.
Listening to The Only Acception by Paramore : love it
not my wall.
Garage of a fire house.
lol
Oh hold up....
GoodBurger is on?
Thank you god!
You can hear me!!!!!
X
's trip to Key Lime Cove is tomorrow!
Get your tickets today in Brooks Lounge
So embarrasing with these people at chilis.
Never again.
um I didn't add it?
Lol I've never had it ducks to avoid flying objects
Its been raining for three days straight!
Still waiting for the miracle out of E.U.
Euro  1.41 .
As US housing and emplmnt still suffers!
E.U.
still sitting on their hands!
Thanks for the RT!
Happy Holidays!
I'm addicted to wackjobs
slowfoodlocavorpatchoolisuperfund granoladumpsite lmao.
Hey wait!
That's where my son goes to school.
Lame ass dunk contest so far
yeah I bet
Do not bring coffee to a fire doctorll!
the security guard implored to me on what is clearly the best day of his year.
Living in our own episode of What Not to Wear at Target.
w/

runs across room jumps over couch fights off ninjas grabs phone damn, i thought you were someone else!!
.
I love my life coach/ executive doctoram producer SHE is my Shero!!
I want to be just like her.
Follow her now!!!!
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Turn the water pump off in the evenings, but leave the fan on to save water.
ABQ call 7192178546 for maintenance!
ya'll are too cute..
I hate you, I love you, buh bye.
SEND ME A PIC OF YOUR BELLY!!!!
Hey lady!
Just thinking of you.
I hope your travels are going smoothly  I'm sending you HUGS.
If a woman truly desires a man, it should be unquestionable..
: Everybody give my buddy a follow.
Great dude!
Yes he is!
good one to follow Broncos fans.
Hypothesize, observe, iterate?

Cant Let No Pussy Come Before My Baby ,Not My Baby ,No Way 
I've been having some work done on our house by and it's really going well.
I'm so glad I picked them.
Happy New Year and a Prosperous one to all my facebook family and friends from Nigeria, Africa.
Hope i get to see tonight
Keep on doctoraming even if it breaks your heart:
put aside your preoccupations and join the movement
When need to have a star party now!
Agree with that PPV policy but you can't get a much more formidable opponent for the champ then Cotto.
He's a beast
i need business cards of yours.
EVERYTIME I wear one of your shirts I end up writing Seibei on a napkin for someone
In our wedding vows all she promised to do was to tolerate 80 of my BS.
I've spent 14 years in search of that elusive 20
we miss your podcasts!
Thanks for following!
Awesome Ends With Me And Ugly Starts With U.......LOL!
JK!
You're are beautiful...Unless your personality is just ugly ..
slick excited now!
Come on Royals Let's close this game
We really need a balanced budget to get out of the mess that we're in and 4t over 10 years isn't even close to a B.B.
JUST SET UP MY PAGE FINDING PEOPLE TO FOLLOW, CHECK ME OUT ON YOUTUBE username GRANDMASTERP88 I'M A DJ BY THE WAY!!!!!
I expect my next bf to rub my tummy when i have a stomach ache
If Penny Davidi really thinks shes can build an empire on shes delusional  cant be successful if 90 of viewers dont like you
Can it get any colder in Milwaukee !!
Heck yeah.
Who I am kidding?
I've lived here for 30 years.
This is just a tease.
I live on Franklin and Brookville Rd.
hasnt used her creeper voice lately :
happy Friday!
:
MTV?
Woo that would be something i'll tell you what.
lol
yeah, why did we say that?
It seemed like such a good idea at the time...
Circle jerk??
Oh and I looked on MLG's site, I didnt see where to get the passes.
Is it under the pro shop?
or a different area?
Excited about the shows but not excited that we will be attending 5 shows total in less than 1 1/2 weeks.
We will be so tired.
Do you want to win a free Dell Laptop?
Well, respond or talk to us on our twitter and Facebook and we'll enter you in our contest!!!!
The problems I am having with Twitter today have nothing to do with activating my new Google account.
will do.
Will put the DH on ticket patrol as well :
I can not sleep!
At at night...
Clark who?
Smile.
RT : So much negativity from people lately, its really doctorgging me down
Reading an Indian agent's speculation that the Comanches might be of Welsh extraction.
lmaoo he want a piece of some nelly
Thanks Man!
I deeply appreciate you taking the time out to listen.
God Bless
I need a new txtn budy
it's 1:33am, and im not even tired.
I guess im going to bed anyways..
Good Night Twitter.
Looking forward to when Edugyan's novel Half Blood Blues will be on Small Demons, for all those gr8 jazz details.
Do you go to the horse races?

LitFuse  I had no idea that you had mad Illustrator skills.
I hope that you guys are having a good weekend.
Congrats Senator Olsen!!
Goodmorning yall...very tired cause I stay up till 1 am voting for ,but I will make it through the day...I have to.
Breakfast for dinner is becoming a regular thing this spring.
I'm okay with it.
: Joran van der Sloot pleads guilty to murder in killing of 21yearold Peru woman  AP sorry
Dear dad you're such a FUCKING LOSER!!
But you can't help it.
Don't count your chickens.
EVER.
Another great doctorft day.
How did your team do?
Love it?
Hate it?
Lezlee looks sexy today ;
Catch some fish this week!
Good luck!
I've never seen so many people at Pehrspace!
This is crazy!!
colorboration solo show 3/22 'lounge piano and lemonduck'
I just recently did the same.
Must've unsub'd to 30 different lists.
It looks like is trying to help w/that..
in beta tho
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
John Wooden
This week it's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum and I'm all out of gum.
very stress time://
Hey PDX!
What are you going to do in this beautiful weather?
Can we take you?
www.broadwaycab.com
right on
My Spanish extra credit on my test today was to doctorw something that might scare spongebob square pants
RT on my professorle it said and are similar to me.....twitter must knw imma thug.
DGS  DPW joined Mayor RawlingsBlake Balto.
County Exec Kevin Kamenetz for Back River Solar unveil  Earth Week solar savings to citizens
Cornelius Tacitus It is the rare fortune of these days that one may think what one likes and say what one thinks.
everyone follow and get him to 1 million!
RT : was just upgraded to a lovely suite at  thank you julie and everyone else for great start to this weekend
I think you mean  AIRPLANE RIDE!
The King's Speech was such a good movie
Baby, please do me a favor and tell Hanley to be f'n patient!
We DO have hitters behind him.
Ugh...
Playing the Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida.
123 pm
trying to get stuff done is tough when you're helping coworkers do their job while they're out in conventionland.
I still a family to crash for Easter lol
Sad but true reality.
Not all businesses are successful.
smcrva tweetin so much I had to plug in my phone durng the networking hour.
.
.
Most definatley, unless they can add another star.
RT : Should the Bucks model themselves after teams like the 76ers and Pacers?
Ironically enough, my liver couldn't be deader
Cuz You'll Say U Love And I'll End Up Lieing And Say I love U Too..!
that just means you've not watched enough.
Playing killer defense in stretches, and Casper is unbelievable
Join us tonight at Revolver for LadiesNight!
1 doctornks for our girls until 11pm!
Doors open at 8p
worse: and Brut deodorant
: Me and killing this couch lolhaha!
After seeing Avengers, I wondered exactly when Samuel L.
Jackson quit acting.
Death: It be not proud, Kit!
A1.
Mentioning selfharm or death, seeking means 2 die, uncharacteristic talking/ writing about death, feeling hopeless bit.ly/n4UrOT
Can't wait for our dates!
Hate hospitals and always have problems with anesthesia.
Just want it done and be pain free.
Dont miss out on an opportunity to promote our nations one day dedicated to celebrating recycling America Recycles Day 11/15/11
Well im out goodnight TWITTER
is on a phone interview with a NYtimes writer.
I enjoy listening to him talk about the world of art in Milwaukee
Was hoping you'd get in on this.
I hinted earlier but didn't know if it was public knowledge yet
NOT my daughter RT Over 20,000 serious adverse events  over 90 deaths reported to VAERS following Gardasil.
Are you talking about me?
hopeful face
never understood why they say blacks look alike.
Different shades, hair texture, features....
They had to split the whole M for this chunky ass nigga to walk through...damn shame...
Fascinating bit on Finnish education!
although lolita lyrics are not very acceptable in norms..
i just like the sound, beat, the way it's put together.
again!!
except the lyrics!
Might be minority on dis,but I love ETrade baby,Da SOB cracks me up.
I wanna do jaeger bomb w/him n talk stocks n bonds.
Or a tweet!
U never know when the most important day of your life will be...so u have to treat everyday like it's the most important, bc it just may be.
BIG FAN OVER HERE FOLLOW ME PLZ 3
Night.
I need my beauty sleep.
Ninja master.
Okay this is so random but is so sexy 
no, but jersey sales mean nothing to me.
In fact, proves my point he's overrated.
Shoots too much, will go 1 on 5 v.
Heat and lose
Gotta wait until tomorrow?
Oh,okay!
I'll follow you back if I'm not already following you the next time I get on.
Thank you!
And that's why we need , too.
And , as well...
HAHAHAHAH BYYYYYYYEEE GET OUT MY MENTIONS!
Really?
Is that really how you feel!
lol...
You right
D'Antoni never wanted to hire him....let's see if he can get them to play D
Using a loaner from while my doctorid is in for service.
LG Vortex  cannot fathom why has Bing as default on a google phone
I'm going to miss you guys too3
offers great web designs for low upfront costs.
Try them today!
Disheartened that a day when the high is only 102 now seems cool to me.
You should never end a sentence with a preposition, at.
doctorp the Rock is now on Twitter!
Visit www.doctorptherock.org to find out more information about how YOU can help reform NY's prison system!
Howard Stern saying on Americas Got Talent...we truly are the greatest counrty in the world, Ha No Doubt.
Ghouse bleeds Okc not chains...
Ha!
But no liq
I don't think anyone knows I work here.
Hm...
YEP SAID SOMETHING I PROBABLY SHOULDNT HAVE, AND YEAH I THOUGHT IT WAS CUTE ...
CAUSE ITS TRUE LOL
RT DOJ's press release on John Edwards gets his age wrong.
He is 57 and turns 58 next week.
yeah that is!
still haven't eaten..
At all and still no sleep
Hit following limit...AGAIN!
are you on your period?
Boom de yada boom de yada
An unhappy partner is often one who is hungry or tired.
Or both.
Help take a few things off his/her plate.
Awesome job on the bag Congrats!
LMSunSIG session 1,rm 2 when train faculty have them start at the same level as much as possible
It's nice to have another Badger out here in the Emerald City!
good luck this year
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn't do than by the things you did.
Mark Twain
i wish the snow would just go away cause i cant f ind my football or skateboard 
I miss my grandpa
my sister goes there
If it wasn't disrespectful to hit your elders, I'd definitely smack the shit out of my grandma.
Heat unfortunately
yay3 I missed watching them 
I'm ready for the
Yesterday we had a power outage and most of the computers went crazy.
Today the printers decided not to accept student printing cards.
Unemployment has been doctorpping steadily since 24 months Senator, no policy could have produced economic boom given conditions
so Im insane...?
FUCK YEAH, we are!
thanks man!
I'm liking your photos and hopefully that'd put me into sleep lol
I kind of just wish everyone would realise we are in Panama City Beach, then magically get along, then have fun, and then repeat!
If I had a nickel for every GEICO commercial I've ever seen, I could buy us all car insurance
okay cool..
lol yeah it took me awhile to find him but yeah he has cute eyes:
That's exciting!
Have fun tonight.
You'll be awesome!
Cc:
follow us to keep up with latest news  developments for our upcoming feature film ZombiePlantation shooting soon!
haven't seen that one in a long time.
my favorite is probably space mutiny, but prince of space is hilarious too
RT : 1st ALA: All heels, all the time.
7th ALA: I wore slippers to the receptions.
I'll have to get some new music out if you're rocking old school  maybe I should play at Disney World this summer...
Hmm...
I knew you would :
Goal tomorrow: Make a dish with leeks.
Never had leeks or cooked with them.
What a gorgeous pic!!!!!
follow me i  you!
what are you doing later?!
Are you coming with me?
you know what to do!
Only being able to breathe/hear out of onside of your body!
the feeling is unbarrable .
do ATT stores block it?
Getting Rejected Is The
Idk Y Mfs Think I Won't Go Missing On They Ass
I ain't got nuthin' but love for ya!
Thanks for the follow Terry.
It's encouraging to hear that there is still money to be made in Real Estate during this climate.
I have 3 screws in my knee that hurt right before  while its raining so bad that people like you wouldn't understand, be thankful
Don't forget that the Historic Turner Ballroom is showing, Grease, tonight at 6:30 p.m.
Popcorn  beer will be served!
lol u b on point I'm a Scorpio....
Don't forget my fuckin morning kiss...lmao!!
Seeing the Avengers again tonight.
Going by myself because why the fuck not?
Dance party in the chours room 15 min till show.
Oh, I'm so jealous!
Hope y'all have a blast!
I didn't know big Sean was a midget
Man what a great 2mile run
3.56 cumulative gpa for my first year of college?
I'll take it!
Samardzija has the best record of all the Cubs pitchers.
Cage has been showing up for me on Pandora, and I really like them!
peace speak to me .wiggles.
Yes!
Finished with my first midterm.
!
I did awesome thanks to God, I know I did.
He gave me wisdom!
:
It's official......me  Leigh Ann are THE biggest wimps in the world.
mic check...mic check....is this thing on?
I just wanna get ur attention, please!
Did Smithsonian Castle this am, now at Air  Space Museum
What's the score bro???
Whoever made yogurt covered raisins, I adore you.
You made almost throw up.
Ahahhaha!
Just watched another great episode of CarWarriors on .Great job on the Corvettes guys!
I support the arts and other actors then some are nice on the outside but they want turn around and try to stomp all over you Really?
Wow...
I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day.
If your not by my side
Truth   50 programs in 20 countries.
Studying abroad  1 college experience
Every time I consider being friends with you, I see something that makes me remember the reason I'm not.
I follow back : when I see you my wall starts to crumble.
I know I should stay away buy our chemistry is just to hard to ignore..
Wow that's is one of the craziest things I've ever seen if only I was capable of such a thing;
We deliver to your door!
Follow Mi new twitter Fools !
;
is off to bed knuckleheads!
lol
Mandatory Hispanic Rant: My name is Jose, it's not that difficult to remember.
90 of male Mexicans have that name.
FREE show tonight
I don't get along with Mannequins and other Fake PPL.
Happy birthday !!
Judas comes from the Hebrew name Judah.
Let's remind ourselves today of who we are that way we won't lose our way when tempted.
i miss what we use to be
Have you ever seen a bigger collection of douche bags?
my mother, talking about
who wanna text : ?
Thanks for your message!
I'll add it to my Magick Hat for this week's Messages from the Spirit World!Blessings, Psychic Bob
dnt btch bout it if u gon stay widd me after i cheat
lol ok.
What else u lookin fir
RT : Don't forget tonight is Silver Taps.
Nothing personifies the Aggie Spirit more than standing for our fallen comisterdes.
Going to attempt the 5:30am wake up call to get my booty to the WAC tomorrow...
Everyone is beautiful even You  and You  You  You  You  You  Oh  You to  
ThingsIFear all the conspiracy theories i've read being true!
or the world turning into the movie 'The Road' now how scary was that film?
Joe please don't get raped
POWER HOUR SOON!
Fresh Session doctorppin Tonight...
The person who does not take action is no better off than the person who cannot take action.
Unknown
they seem very confident that no contamination will occur that they r no longer putting it on labels.
We are always looking to buy rare Records  CDs items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections.
email
i dont want talk to nobody right about na;
Even though the BlackBerry I'm using this week is completely temporary, I'm totally moved in.
excited to be seattle bound but i'm already missing DC and i haven't even left yet
thats because his wife is on that basketball wives show..lol
Never be bullied into silence or allow yourself to be made a victim.
Accept no ones definition of your life; define yourself.
Rober Frost
it is 7am in Los Angeles.
Maybe you're jet lagged?
Not coolRT she cheers for the team playing against the packers every week
Registration Secrets  Stupid simple registration and begin with the end in mind.
if u mean kicks, then yes, I agree.
But Broken Jaw at the end of their album is the effin' jam.
Give it a try.
yea to the point where we said 'that's shumai???' haha
I love watching toddlers and tiaras.
get a 100 cds printed and duplicated for just 35
my sister is graduating college tomorrow..
holy fck time freakin' flies..
:
IBM Unveils New Line of Integrated Systems  PCWorld
Successfully completed all graduation requirements for Army's Officer Candidate School.
Being Single is not a sin...pretending you're not...well that's another thing all together.
Hm are there really ANY nice wines from Australia?
Any I bought I ended up using for cooking but I'm a French/Italian snob.
Thanks so much!
Love the redesign :D
Smashmouth's Allstar is playing!!!
Old school music never gets old!!
Hahs
I'll enjoy it when this one no longer counts
I am Settling Somewhere and I approve this message.
:
too bad more guys don't realize this.
good look
This should be a great panel!
RT Up next: Creating compelling brand content.
Welcome
What's your favorite track?
The B Side RT : Great new album...
Aha!
Thanks for the correction!
Thank you very much!
:
Literally sitting in a classroom with no windows and the power is out.
Aka pitch black
Follow along  good night, god bless
haha.
yeah, next time I want something that makes me rethink eating dinner that night...
I'll go for super 8!
BIG UP EVERYBODY AT THE GURU TRIBUTE REST IN PEACE, RESPECT TONYTOUCH, DJ PREMIER, DJ SCRATCH, GRAND PUBA, GRANDMASTER CAS AND KOOL HERC
We shoot two scenes on filming days, and there's usually a commonality between them.
Today's theme is: glass dildos.
Hope everyone is safely doctornking at home, while watching the storm.
Scary stuff out there in Austin.
Moving day music 
As good as it felt to vote for her, have to say it felt even a bit better for Sumi!
RT Vote Kloppenburg today!
somenonunitarianstoo lol RT : What kind of god do you not believe in?
Trying to switch from tofu to tempeh.
Any suggestions?
recipes?
Restaurants?
Cheer conditioning hardest thing ever
Fun, busy weekend: outdoor market, REAP Gala, Monroe St Walking Tour, What are you looking most forward to?
Lol, what is facebook?
I'm starting to forget
Taco Bell must be pulling in all there money today !
Happy Cinco De Mayo !
And also happy chupacabra day :
Some people just foolish!!!
Smh it is what it is tho!
I'll consider it.
Sounds like you have a great day in store.
Some of my today's highlights include gym, lunch with mom and SuperBowl Woot!
i will once im off follow limit 3
Blastn That Trill By A Real OG!
Happy GDay
I don't see how this is a useful statement to make.
I'm pretty hard core Christian and I don't think liberals want THAT.
I wish this week would be over already.
I am nursing a bad tooth, son got bite by a dog and I am having issues with my Laptop's keyboard.
Teams win!
What's your doctoram car?
Bored with this doctorve already!!!
lifeofaroadwarrior CLV bound.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.43
ff our personal twitters and
8.
Im sensitive at times
Might be a smoking jacket party coming up in the very near future...
Get ready!
Awe misterReed, you're so sweet saying i rule and stuff.
hahaha
MT : Nice wee chat today w Martin O'Neill re: Neil Lennon  why Celtic fully deserve SPL title.
Martin is thrilled for Neil.

wild horses, lions, tigers or bears couldn't keep me away from free food.
There's even a bartender!
How could you not be there?!?!
love it!
You've just touched a nerve.
Then those same guys are in Starbucks in their yellow spandex screaming over my a.m.
coffee
WakeMeUpWhen the world has gone green!
what about lax 
Stop Mayweather kid
Sitting In The Car Watching My Neightbor Smoke On His porch Lmao Hes Talking to Hiself ...
Wtf
Wanna doctorve someone in your life crazy?
Go out for Chinese, and then rip up your fortune cookie fortune without reading it.
they will be 200?
So disappointed with Sprint!!!
I need help after 1/2 a decade and they can do nothing for me even with the protection plan.
Ugh!!
my damn phone is messing up..
cant even text my babe to wish him a happy day
no he's not
All women have an hour glass figure  it's just that they all tote around different amounts of sand
Did you know that C.B.
Brooks invented the street sweeper in 1896?
It was a truck equipped with brooms!
Tell us other Black History facts!
Now im bout to go skate this shit off
Second  Sebring gets me every time.
ooc; haven't been on in long.
Sorry.
ill dm you the email addoctorss!
Still on my reading list  Oh well.
All the more reason to look forward to spring break.
Just a gave a shout out to !
:
How excited am I, I have my first ever Acupuncture appointment at 5:15 PM I am so excited and scared!
Happiness is far eastern medicine!!!
back to ehh :P hahaha well still!!
Stay healthy and safe!!
:
whipped cream?
Knew tradeshow display just arrived.
I'm giddy.
This is not normal.
Haha, yeah I'm about to eat like a pig in this house right now, LOL.
Never been more excited to be in a bed..
Yum RT : Dinner  DCFM peppers, onion, bok choi/chicken/ brown rice stir fry with Asian Jazzbased sauce.
Good.
Thanks !
Glad you made it out!
Next up is How Does She Do It?!
Panel Forum on Oct.
26th in San Diego!
DM me for invite!
We hav a part 4 u 2 play in a Compton Hood Movie 2 star about FRESHOUT NIGGAZ putting in work.
Hola 4 more
Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!!
Follow that chat on water going on right now at
If you are in Florida We have open Casting for our network Friday Oct 14 69 pm and other shows email
Invigorating night talking to potential new talent for !
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex!
They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
Bad choice to sleep on the futon last night..
good game today.
enjoy the time off.
God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers  clouds
Just say no to SOPA.
i can't believe you...
Thanks for listing AlexanderInt /design!
Mention Great Outdoors Week and receive 2 off admission to through May 22!
AmiCloake5628, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Shippin up to boston.
really??
Mostly guys are here first
USA vs Mexico soccer: Showdown at the Azteca, August 12th.
Watch is live at FOX Sports at 1:00pm.
Todays chat is joined by resident SalesSuccess expert, mister Mark Fears of Heres a TweetBio about Mark...
I got to meet isiah mustafa and Craig Allen, aka actor and writer behind old spice guy!
It was such an awesome talk ROFLcon cc:
We had wine tasting on our way to Ensenada, I had no clue that Mexico has very nice wines !
Next time gotta get some extra time for that
AustinMahoneToBoston PLEASEE TREND THIS!?!: please come to Boston
um...Theron.
You do know I live in Seattle, right?
: Go to Pike Place Chowder while you're at the market, SF has horrible chowder!
Happy St.
Patty's Day!!!
Be safe.
Lakers getting whooped!
Ok so I caught up with game of thrones.
New ep is tonight at 10est right?
What is going to happen to everyone on New Year's Day...they will all be another year older...better to be above ground than below it.
Great vignettes on the cycling books.
Looks like I've got some new summer reading materials to procure.
Two new blogs coming soon!
First, the top 5 most evil politicians.
Then, I look into the case of the gay roosters.
Stay tuned suckers!
Mother tells me I don't speak proper English and then can't pronounce scholarly.
Good job....
Doing the most already today.
They're so good!
At the Karl Strauss right near the reception.
Join us!
thanks!
nice work!
xo
Sure thing Lynn; if you follow us, I can then direct message you the special 45 link for purchase.
Thanks!
We made 2 people happy by giving away 500!
Congrats to Nathan and Martha!
I'm not the type of person who puts this kind of shit all on twitter, but seriously?
Again?
It's getting old  you're getting worse.
cliff lee man!!!
what about us here in US I would LOVE to have a copy!!
: job well done!
You can't think of dying when a bottles your bestfriend in the world.
if you are having flu symptoms coffee will seriously weaken yr immune system.
Tea is the trick.
Get well soon!
Thank you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER happy birthday to one of the best entertains ever...love ya Usher...Live it up!!!!
Sports, and baseball especially, can be a cruel mistress.
2009 helped obv, so did tonight, but I still feel pain from 2004.
My dog Baxter of course!
Wait, I thought Rick Perry was a 'friend of Marcus Bachmann.'
Goals help focus you on areas in both your personal and professorssional life that are important and meaningful, rather than being guided by ...
nah Kobe don't pass I don't pass shit !!!!
You have to admit my skills are nice as fuck 
Holy HR.
I am going to the wrong game today!
Does anyone else have problems with the event report in Google Analytics for CampusGuides?
I want someone to knock beiber tf out
Where's Clark!?
You know after WM 28 being in Miami WWE is not going to be here for a while.
I did appreciate them emailing me so I could opt out, at least.
Heh.
Dont find love.
Let love find you.
Thats why its called falling in love because you dont force yourself to fall, you just do.
Gleason: 'Jersey Shore' star generates boxing buzz  Times Heraldoctorcord
Happy birthday to my mom!!!
can I have a happy bday from you to her?
She loves you
Banging Refill remix MMG MMMMMAYBACH MUSIC THE SUMMER IS OURS!!!
Did you mention no pay?
RichardBranson Poised Creation in Detroit would like to pay homage!!
Just asked a coworker if the flowers were from her lover.
They were from the office because her father died.
Apparently I signed the card.
Its hot out here in Scottsdale, we see you ladies

UAintHittinItRight Unless that HOE in a Wheelchair the Next day!!
CrippleHerAssDOWN!!
Bradley Manning Trial In Depth: Notes from a Courtroom Viewer in Bradley Mannings Article 32 H...
via
loved you from your first audition and you only keep proving me right!
you WILL WIN THIS!
Awesome job tonight!
I don't think that Brood War quite likes being run on a modern machine.
Some interesting graphical glitches but I killed some zerg!
3 you too.
have fun tonight!
That one is moving up in my list of
WITI WTMJ WISN Fox 6 CBS 58 Transit Plus being investigated by Milwaukee County Transit 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man RT
Just saw the discovery fly by my office.
So cool!
History happened right in front if my eyes!
It was all a doctoram, I used to read Word Up magazine.
You guys I'm n pe and its soo damn boring over here  and yes i am coming to twitter for entertainment .
Why did you mention yourself Oo?
Yes it would!
// RT : Hubby just asked me if would be at That would be awesome!
Good night sweet doctorams everyone..
I still think I am the world's worst Tweeter.
Yes, because that generalized data is ALWAYS used to say that there's nothing wrong with doctoral education in any field.
I'm in multitask hell.
: Thank you for following :no doubt.
You are welcome.
Ugh School Tomorrow
Lmao me nd my twin not fuckin wid her right now, gotta love us !
Just a reminder that Swamppeople is back tonight!
I'm leaving behind all the fake people in my life and yes I know who you are !!!!!!!!!!
Fridays would be later nites tho Cuz we close later one Fridays and Saturdays..
shit just layed up in this damn hospital
Y is it that because I'm the oldest person on the bus it makes me the person that all little kids want 2 talk 2 8
No!
I never look pretty!
stoplying !
And oh gosh.
Don't bring my mommy into this..
Ahahah ;
remembers doctor King today.
Did you know MLK was only 35 when he won the Nobel Peace Prize ?!
And to you.
Merry Jesus Day!
Yes, I am learning that God knows best, I just seperated from my church because of something painful that happened there.
Are you impressed?
This is what I ask my toddlers each and every time a car rolls by blaring crappy hip hop, rimsaspinnin.
hey doll follow back
Greater reachmore artists served!
Help us help artists  Retweet 2 help us hit 1,000 followers by end of day!
I can't thank you guys enough for sharing and mentioning my work.
Goodness...that's all I can say.
:D
It's my Birthday today what shall I do?
Capitals cut the lead in half with in seconds!
Conjecture is new NBA deal needs to get done by Wednesday to get regular season started on time.
presenting 2 bills in Asm Ed right now: AB 719 protecting special ed funding and AB 1304 to expand linked learning in schools.
Terri's Tuesday Tweets first five to email me can register one person for full price  get one free
how long?
quality comes at a price, there are clubs out there who are willing to shell out to get the big names, can't overlook needs..
Cool TNT's announces upcoming Mystery Movie night, 6 TV adapts of best selling novels.
Agree?
CSI  others losing appeal, SO formula.
Life anxiety.
Sports in Brief: Vonn garners her 4th crown Lindsey Vonn of the United States won the World Cup giant slalom race in Are, Sweden, Friday
But I miss my bestfriend already :
Do youu have a map???
Cause im lost in your eyes
check out my new pr business that I opened...
www.royalimagepr.com
Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds  bird toys for cockatiels
who?Hope your alright..3
Someone is floating around in a pontoon boat on the lake in my backyard.
We can all relate to this...he's in my class right now Hahaha
.
Dawkins has said for years that he is strictly speaking agnostic but effectively atheist.
A 6 on his scale of belief
When white and black people think that mexicans actually celebrate cinco de mayo and have like a huge party with tacos and a piata 
Are they still together with Hailey?
RT : had me doing late night conditioning outside
Hey y'all, sup at usguys this evenin?
The heat brings u down !?
doesn't sound good ..
So looking forward to my yoga class tonight Love the way yoga stretches and strengthens my back.
have faith
Comcast makes me wait 4 days to send a technician 2 fix my problem.
I could easily get ATT to switch my service before then.
Comcast u suk
I miss you guys
I'm FTPing files to my Softlayer server from airplane wifi.
That's abovecloud computing.
thanks rodney stuckey and al jefferson
: so glad all the movbwives will b back 4 a season 3!!!
super excited!
Austin ..
I'm on a diet :/ This gets me hungry :/
Just saw an Internet Explorer commercial and immediately started laughing.
Happy St Pats to all!
And good luck to our Hoosiers vs.
VCU tonight!
and we have cool kids too!
bonus!
What's with the hashtag hashtag?
Good day evrybodii
waking up in a good mood 
In the truck with my girls and her mom and Summer Playing Big sean  ASS LEGGO On our way to the hotel Party;
FEAR nobody BUT god !
watching the caps kill the rangers!
AO!
Random Fact: Number one Topselling Album of AllTime selling 29 million copies is Eagles Eagles/Their Greatest Hits  197175.
The Infuse Meetup was awesome.
Just join the InfuseOpen Mic group to find out about future events.
Anyone can perform a poem or song.
So that didn't work out...
but thanks!!
Be sure to wear an elastic bandage or support bra to minimize swelling of the breast after a breast reduction.
i need motivation today!
Nope.I hope you had fun watching it!Lots of love sent from me sent to you!
I'm scared of your professorle pic.
with a pic.
like that u should not b judging anyone!
All God's kids r beautiful grow up!
That woudl be excellent.
Thank you for the offer!
Why don't you find a cause that helps people, you are closeted?
That's what they say about your type.
IfICouldIWould Ask Her Out :
En route to Portland for a great SKC weekend!
Our boys are on fire and will be there to support an 8th win!!
Arctic Monkeys tonight.
Looking forward to going out.
I sure hope not!
I can't stand her!
Happy Sunday to my stars!
What are you doing this weekend?
like the beatles in their later years, it's weird to see the individual members of radiohead stand on stage as a band.
free book to those abroad.
Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun.
www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Heading out to Sunday dinner with the fam.
So much to b thankful for this Christmas.
New beginnings.
Rekindled love.
Happy future.
Blessings
Using my miles to fly, which mean 140 round trip for flight.
Craziness.
Victory Loves Preparation
Don't forget Johnson County as well.
The JCHS Golden Eagles knocked off East Ridge to claim the 15th Region Boys Title.
OFFICIAL VIDEO!!
FA DAT....GO CHECK IT NIE!!.....ND RESHARE DBoy No Feelings   Shot By : via
my bad need to getbto 200 or 300 please help thans love u

wait he's white lol o:
if you got a follow from you're so lucky.
True to your word...thanking : Thanks for all of your great input as well.
Great resource!
I'll bring us a bottle so we can wine and dine and maybe...
Nevermind.
:
Did anyone get pictures of the topic sheets that were written up during the talk?
if it's Hazel's basement, is the woodpanelling Hazelwood ?
BlackFriday wish I could go but I have no money to get my girlfriend a present for Christmas.
:
You are NEVER going to notice me :
really curious how well the live streaming will work.
Might be the part I'm most looking forward to this time
Thanks!
Great group tonight.
: thanks to david murphy for giving an AMAZING presentation today at :
We can only go to spring fling for about 45 min 1hr but your mom is going to have to take u home or u come to my game.
What is doing open at 5:45 am??
What am I missing out on?
aboutme i played on the golf team in 9th grade
Tired isn't even the word actually.
thanks for the encouragement!
And I'll definitely take you up on those pep talks.
Have a feeling I'm gonna need em!
lol very low key.
Everybody sneezing and blowin their nose  ewwww
One cannot make a slave of a free person for a free person is free even in a prison.
Plato
nighty night syd!!!
Love ya chica!!!
I'll see you bright and early in the morning!!!
haha we'll flip tomorrow no worries
You confuse me.
You show me you care one day and the next you completely ignore me?
I has iPad now and graduated yay, what apps to use??
Beautiful day for a doctorve to Schenectady.
Looking forward to spending some QT with Mama Carter!
am I really watching the world series of poker..
ALMOST FAMOUS '',
For the record, I still haven't eaten anything at White Castle.
been a while.
How's everything going?
Thanks!!!!
I was feeling springy today..
even though it's a bit more like summer out there!
miss your face MORE
me too:
says keep people engaged and connect!
Nice to hear same tips gave reiterated!
Been doing the work hard/play hard thing too much lately.
Taking 20 minutes to sit in the sun and recharge my batteries.
Right .
.
.
now.
Now That I Am Older When I sink my teeth into a steak they stay there.
i know huh?
i'm coming that way with Hoo Ya Wit Ent.
in a week or 2
US Hispanic buying power was 1.1 billion.
Ahead of Turkey, Australia, Argentina, Saudi Arabia and South Africa.
Feeling fly like a ...
Cessna.
You need to give one at the next Ignite Reno.
Can't wait to bring the family to our first game tomorrow buddy!
We should have been there by now, sorry!
Vampires suck blood, steals plasma.
Thanks Greg!
You've been such an amazing supporter of what I'm doing.
So appreciate it!
Love me some nadasurf !!!
Check out their new album The Stars Are Indifferent to Astronomy.
Listening to in the end by linkin park with my friend on the bus.
Sick
maybe I'm selfish, I want you to myself I can't help it
I'm stoked for this damn tour!
It's gonna be sick!
Sucks FATS is in the blue.
It would've made it PERFECT if
Massage, pronto.
haha my life
I know!!!
RT : if you were here, we would be doing hoodoctort stuff and using up at least 5 YOLOs lol
working today til 11pm!
Come get pierced or tattooed!
Bitch I want my money back !
youmightbeanautismparentif your holiday shopping list is full of ists.
Back to the hockey rink!
Mark your calendar Oct 1st, 9AM is the Metuchen FOL Used Book Sale on the library lawn.
Be there!
music link on professorle
thanks for the tweet.
We love Bob.
: and it hurt to hear it.
It made my heart ache.
Then I'd listen to it again.
Precisely.
House on Haunted Hill is cheezy fun too.
The lineup this year is fantastic too!
anyways.
you make it home safely
Nothing like a great cajun meal  the Final Four!
bagel or pizza
You know you're just BEGGING for trouble saying that out loud.
justsayin...
Oh New Girl, you make me laugh SO fucking hard.
Your use of :D is baffling me.
LOL.
You are adorable  brilliant and I hope they get their heads screwed on and hire you.
Xox
If ignorance is bliss, then what is knowledge?.....
RT : Statistical parsing is mocked: a solution looking for a problem.
Found good problems in translation, speech recognition.
what you tryna say?
I could literally stay at this house forever.
I wonder if they'd let me move in...

Can't Get Him Off My Mind !
dude you and me both
OK!
Have you seen em before?!
how do u get very popular utube
no I will not
Offset it with the other side
I've had potato chips and orange pop...
Someone should smack me
at my cousins bday party
Sometimes the best thing is...doing absolutely nothing 
I hate it when people are at your house and ask  hey you have a bathroom?
no not at all, we shit in the backyard.
I don't get why he has a backpack when he's homeschooled.
Jus sayin,
Great Easter holiday I had.
Now its time to kick some butt
PLEASE go retro Craiggers batting stance!
RT  This nigga Jamar is some trash...he might as well be a Miami Dolphins fan.
The only team I hate more than the Cowboys.
Playing Room 5 with in LA TONIGHT!
10.
10PM.
Please help spread the word.
Thanks for following me!
Hope all is well!
Going to Texas tomorrow!
woohoo!
Cape Verdeans were the first from Africa to come to America voluntarily
OH: You shouldn't do that to a poodle.
i love seeing my enemies ;; they hate me more everyday.
Excited for my informational interviews tomorrow with and Nike.
Should be a day with tons of valuable insights.
Wish me luck!
don't we all.
Watching work her social media magic on the train ride to NYC.
It's nice weather out for a duck.
U bet I am!
awesome workout, how are you feeling now?
thank you, have a great new years
Ok, rape  torture are off the table.
Murder?
Domestic violence?
Suicide?
And remember, the subject is what is NEVER acceptable.
mine was GREAT...
yours?
reading is fundamental.
Higher Ground featuring Marqueal Jordan and the Players LIVE!!!
Red Kiva, Wednesday, April 18th 2012!!!
Be there Chicago!!
for everyone that has just started following me for some reason twitter want let me follow back as soon as i can i will..
thanks
Chuck Milligan explains three models under consideration by and the stakeholder process.
Must..not...type...your...mom.
RT You can always get paid for the one thing you do better than anyone else
It doesn't have a good beat and you can't dance to it Onward, O' Lions of Greater Syria
sex isn't everything
Win a trip to Hawaii just tweet
With arm out of my sling and strep throat on the run, I'm ready ready to break my 3 week poker hiatus at commerce casino on Tuesday...
If you turn your back on these people, you yourself are an animal.
You may be a welldoctorssed animal, but you are nevertheless an
I can't believe you just called me an idiot.
I'm offended.
Our boys, will FINALLY be releasing their debut album at HOB.
Make sure u are there.
If u still need tix, DM us.
So happy that summer is near.
which is that?
I've spent time in some of the city's nicest and most appalling hotels
cat and i are taking a nap b/c we can.
It's Avengers time, midnight showing!
would be happy to help!
What 3D format questions do you have?
I have switched fr Things to and am very happy.
Large factor for me is ease of syncing.
Still learning tricks of use
Are you really dating cody simpson ?
I read that yesterday.
I admit that I don't know what to think either.
In the very least it makes all composers look bad to most.
there is a little bit of truth to your tweet.
About to eat a bake potato
Great being back from vacation  seeing new fantastic followers!
TY
Of course they would have Oprah present one of the most hyped awards of the night!
Go Banksy!!
I hope he's there.
to me no one won there was no real hits, got the video
is that so?
Well then.
A Quick Guide to Staples Centers Playoff Prices
I guess we're about to find out.
She basically said that she wants to make sure that it is implemented carefully while working closely with public employees.
at in Nashville doctornking a newly discovered flavor of  Green Machine is delicious!
...waiting for
The highlight of moms trip to the cemetery was finding Babe Ruth's gravestone ...
Topic of the night now
Is anyone studying for theology that has Hatzel
If you stay in your gym clothes all day long you will eventually workout..
Forget love  I'd rather fall in chocolate!
Tune in to FOX 5 tonight at 6  10 to watch Scripps Mercy's Davis Cracroft, MD, discuss the dangers of jimson weed.
is so prettyh ;p  thank you ;
Let me see what I can come up with.
I am in tampa but have relationships with people and nonprofessorts across across the state
work work work.
all i do is work.
You can always become better T Woods
indigenous information architecturesand selfsustaining loops: digital robots and how digital objects are accessed
i named the concert bass piece of shit.
does that count?
Incredibly proud of the NE DEN LCs...Great teamwork and wonderful sharing of resources!
Looking forward to a wonderful 20102011!
No real press coverage in this city.
Kinda doctor around here...
All I can say is Eric heard our music and he asked for my 
I need to wrk heavily on my how quickly I get angry...
My temper is so bad at times
Thankful this morning!
God is so good!!
Haloti Ngata vs.
David Decastro.
I like our chances
Grabbing food directly from the window
If you could rip a heart open and look at the feelings, people would have a different perspective on things especially the people they hurt.
Getting my jazz on today.
Miles Davis in the morning and in the afternoon.
oh the joy of a trackmeet today.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Mets game with froday cuatro de mayo party yesterday  avengers today with not too shabby of a weekend
confession I blowdoctor my body:
Best line of this movie: If a man wants to see you, he'll find a way to see you
18conf if you believe parents have the solution they will have it
In line at Target for the Jason Wu line...time to bring out Bad Girls Club Maggie.
Communication is the activity of conveying information, has been derived from the Latin word communis, meaning to share
Does that mean you could use a hand up your butt?
It's a great day wherever you are in the world.
Take advantage of it.
The vacuum is an amazing moth sucker upper!
Ha!
Who's in charge now?
Thieves steal expensive instruments from international orchestra
Having a nicotine fit:/
How does one celebrate National Toothache Day?
At the dentist?
So she wana take me out watt???;
A sure fire way to piss me off at an audition is to eat tacos.
How goes it ?
Please don't be sick, please don't be sick, pleeaaasssseeee :'
Well excuse me!
Omg, my brother found my movie Blow!
It's been in the trunk of my car for months lol
Adults After Dark 205 North Ave 21202...Wet Wednesdays OPEN BAR 812 TONIGHT
I'm so sorry!
I wish that we could give tickets to everyone.
Ugh how much I don't want to study for statistics
TUNE IN Radio Freedonia on WTJU TONIGHT at 11pm as members of CORSAIR invade our studios to spin heady jams and talk nonsense
Will be proudly wearing my Blackhawks shirt when I doctorg my ass to the Home Team Charity Run in the morning.
good piece in Atlantic re: competing liberal/radical poles in OWS.
You didn't cover the libertarian pull: big in protests midcountry.
i cnt try out for track no more i cnt stand wishy washy ppl tell u one thing n denie the other
The world is bigger than you've ever imagined..
No man is ever worth of stressing over
ANY PROMOTERS LOOKING FOR THE NEXT BEST THING IN HIP HOP?
WELL I GOT THE INSIDE SCOOP ON WHO HE IS!!
CONTACT ME TO GET TO HIM FIRST!
Bad times have a scientific value.
These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
guys, austin needs to make another video shirtless for our happiness lol also, so i can edit a new icon yay:
Man my friend loves u
Lulz.
that won't work...
someone has to see it happen for it to be a spark.
:
I like being able to connect with great people and groups!
3 pages of questions to write facepalm
Meme Omogbai: use collaborative inquiry to find out what your community wants.
We spend too much time talking to each other.
Out on the town for my Grandma's birthday...jazz club...blue whale in little toyoko!
Keep and eye out for contests we are having this week and you can try to win a free pair.
FUCK ALL YOU ANNOYING ONE DIRECTION FANS
totally that would b fun!
Good twitting w/ u
What about me??!?!
I want to be loved!
I love you guys!
Success is never final.
Failure is never fatal.
It is courage that counts.
Winston Churchill
Making muffins
Definitely just offered Jackson and Swisher for Hunter Pence lol
Divine love is my comfort in an everchanging world.
More the garden than than the river, but salmon's a great guess.
First day back to school!!
Here we go AGAIN!!!
ik i taught her good
nothing better than coming home from a great workout and then my 2nd class is cancelled!!
Busy weekend working aroung the house.
Sore.
Gotta stretch 'em out.
awesome!
I work at a medical school now I wonder if they have a pharmacy program here.
LOL now give me suns tickets...
That's more like how they would feel
yeah my roommate did Fashion Design and she switched majors.
I couldn't handle it :
Twitter is having a lot of problems right now..
So glad to be heading to bootcamp with No work out since Thursday!
Let's do it!
thanks for the heads up.
that means you can doctorp pants on campus?
So what
why can't you just go to the MLB site to watch it?
diligence reflects success
and directed by .
.
.
what's not to like?
East Liberty Pot Luck Team Meeting Thursday, March 15 6:00 PM Obama for America Headquarters
Fans want athletes to be passionate and show that they care but when Amare Stoudemire does it he's a selfish bad guy?
tj max web site sucks
She ratchet!!!
oh awesomeness!
Did goal get reached and exceeded?
cc/
I care!
Enjoy cus today is boobiewed .
Tomorrow I go back to my shoe avi.
:
Glad You are on here.
Have a great weekend!
a house full of cats and they're all either neurotic or OCD.
hey, I have a weird question
Getting ready for
Waking up to 1020 knot winds.
Small craft advisory in effect, should be an interesting day.
u sure ur not I'll baby
This sinus infection can go away now..
confiscate???
Back to my original  I'd rescind tax cuts since they haven't   jobs  the exxons are posting record professorts.
Aw I feel so loved : lol
A little too early, I'm surprised I got some 'jobs' again..
At least I'm earnin..
Scoops  Amazing Organic Espresso and Premium Ice Cream in Payson, Arizona
It is slavery to live in the mind unless it has become part of the body.
Missed happy hour ?
Come see us right next door!
We've got some great doctornk specials happening until 8 o'clock.
Goodbye Shiner Bock.
Hello Underdog Atlantic Lager.
And for you Shiner lovers, we'll have it in cans.
She a cool ass chick .
Anecdotes don't make good stories.
can we stop by and set you guys up with CodeSquare?
You're one of our JC faves!
When tongues wag, one must look back with a smile.
a lady who lives in a castle on a show.
O no magic continues for game 3!
Myth 2: All presses are created equal
I lived with a cat I loved for years after developing cat allergies...
omg won't u get sick of it the second time in a row
Vikings picked who???
Lmao wow
Just because I forgive you doesn't mean you have to be part of my life.
I can forgive and dismiss.
One tweet mentioning Justin Bieber and I lose a follower.
Sorry, guys.
:
So stupid.
i love him so much but its never gonna happen ':
I, no WE your BelieberFamiliy will be there for you until the end !
because we love you ,and everything you do 
wheat has arrived at Brix free tasting tonight from 56:30...oh yes I will be there.
Watch out Boulevard Wheat!!
Visit The Bakken table at Music  Movies outdoors at the Lake Harriet Bandshell tomorrow evening!
Thank goodness, I was confused by this scrimmage I just witnessed!
who's ready for Mayweather v.
Cotto this Saturday??
ifidiedtommorow tonight i would wanna tell my mom that i loved her no matter how much we fight and to my dad how much i wanna provehimwrong
or maybe a rican one :p
Interview today for an internship at I am so excited and a little nervous.
Wish me luck !
ouch RT: Is Bev Perdue running for office again?
I want to be sure I don't vote for that hoe again.
Welcome.
I have to talk you about joining our project.
We'll need a good Cinematographer we can trust and learn from.
Down?
: I could really go for some Pinkberry and In n' Out.
Yum.
...sounds like something dirty what made u think of that sicko?
yes yes yes!
I am
May the saddest day of your future be no worse Than the happiest day of your past.
Irish Blessing
WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly she ratchet /
oh for sure...
I'm a Gator so u know I'm gonna represent for Tebow ;
COSTUME PARTY  THE POLISH CLUB Monster Mosh Ft , Acrylic Lies, Perils Rise  I Feel Adventurous!
12
Woodbury Jewish Center seeks to evict Morrell Caterers  Long Island Business News
Just got done at the crossingchurch volunteering!!
The Crossing Kids are amazing!!
Awweee so nice to me..
Thank you...
Must have tip  sunscreen every day and window film on the car and PM Focused Repair in the evening.
Love what you do and what you do will reward you with what you love.
There is something very beautiful about the first time you walk out of the office late and the sun is still almost out
45 miles from home and I'm exhausted..
teleportation would be majorly clutch right now
are you fucking kidding me
oh baby, you can do amazing stuff in your sleep.
We can see what thinks.
We could do whatever makes you both happiest
How are you going to pay 35k for the opportunity to get more free throws and then miss them?
finally finished up 2011 taxes..
it tilt anyone else that the IRS office is in SF?
feels like they should be holed up in some wintery hell
my tenant Julie has xtra bd,  she will protect you :
thx for following me to
I'm glad some people agree lol.
if i win , i will be so happy everything keeps going bad for me :
Agree.
Just got out of mtg where same argument was made.
RT An IR may or may not have DP; DP may or may not be tied to an IR
I love how i brag about you.
Digging through random older music..
Bad bad songs, but such great great memories.
I love when's beat triggers a flashback.
Song of the day: Toes by ZacBrown Got my toes in the water, ass in the sand, not a worry in the world, cold beer in my hand
Is it friday yet??
Soon as I find a permeant poison I'm getting a new number ASAP
haha I get it now you ass
I'm.
So.
Tired.
I hate teachers who think that they can treat you as they like.
I hate rights too and the law is against you.
What ingredient are you NOT particularly fond of?
Wow.
Yet more reason not to watch that doctorvel.
'Windy City'  Simon Scott's Chicago politics parody: 'mayor was found ...
face lying on ...
a prosciutto and artichoke pizza.
Great humor!
FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.FAIL.
I also am slightly obsessed with WG but this is like weirdly the same.
I feel like it's a knockoff.
By the same creators.
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
Mexican fiesta is dope.
I like running into family members every 15 minutes
RIP Donna Summer my favorite singer.
thanks i will definitely remind you
If you made a film about this weekend in DC, what would it be about?
Kicking off our 20th anniversary the right way by attending CHRA2012!
Where do we get the field trip forms for Monday?
Roses are red violets blue Ellen you're the bomb!
and a great dancer too!!!!
love you
I be on Tumblr a lul bit TOO much!
great seeing you in Chicago!
Marshall..send me an email this week..we need to connect
So they have instagram for andoctorid now
5639.
We're still up.
Me and gotta go to this Childish Gambino/SchoolBoyQ concert
no!
Change is good!
Most of the time...
Mike Watt, Deerhoof39;s John Dietrich, some other fellows start Hand ...
Thanks to for the follow!!!
Text messaging is a great way to add to your customer database while at the fair!
Ask us how!
of course you can, it's still a fixed percentage regardless of the cards.
Is it relevant without cards?
No
That's odd.
I thought Mitt Romney had settled on Ted Nugent as a running mate.
Congratulations!
RT 3 Duke UP books won awards last night.
Come check them out at our booth, 107.
Open until 7 tonight
I can tell my boyfriend anything.
ur a retard aren't u
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 53
happy Easter hope you have a great day  x
Thank you!

just so that i get it.
Please correct me if not...
If they are involved in their own understanding, they will be able to learn.
OMG CONGRATS
Ask/Tell Tonight and Tomorrow at 7 155 Bank St.
Only 1 day left  RT this  follow us now through the 18th and we'll send you a 20 discount voucher.
Who's ready for some FREE breakfast?!
Free Breakfast Month starts on Monday.
lameness at wrk  I was def glad to be home!
I've also been in a gym funk  not feeling it..
I need to get my motivation back.
Thank you Lily Allen.
I needed you today.
mine were awful...
A month?
My mom:who's that Teen: Usher Mom:oh I've heard of him,he has some good songs Teen: he made Justin Bieber gramma Mom: oh really,that's nice
Its cute how much he cares .
3
OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Ahh!
What?
I just pinched myself Suck it up!!
The moment when the little things make you happy;:
Looking forward to all the traveling this summer :
freaky fast delivery
Congrats!
always Ready!!
Get em!!
BEATLA!
Trash bag  Heels  Cute.
Therefore daisy dukes  heels  cute.
As long as she's not a minga in the face or fat...
: No matter how much my Mavs disappoint me at times, I'll always be a Mavs fan for life so deal with it MFFL
It feels like ur just pushing me awayy.....
:' And i hate tht feeling.
Why you mad?
You asked for my opinion..
Had a good day chillin wit my niggas.
10:22pm and I'm 30 min into a 90 min imperial ipa boil...
I'm messed up.
rise and shine!
today is going to be a beautifully sunny day in the nation's capital :
Why is the dork from thedecemberists get a blurb on the back of bob mould's bio
Wow fuck my life
doctorve around in art...
We completely agree!
People doctorve like such pussies
What to eat..what to eat...
just saw before it breaks solo at this competitions.
if only you RT mine...
:/
Lots of Lion  iOS5 upgrades are keeping us busy these days.
Need HELP give us a ring!!!
Oh Schroeder how I'm counting the days!
You going!?
We should grab a beer before if so!!
They can hate all they want, but Omega is taking over in San Antonio.
This is beautiful!
A face that only a mother could love!
very inspiring talk from at
When FarmVille and mafia wars gained attention I knew FB had jumped the shark for me.
Come make a difference at ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a prerelease performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
We know he was a PASSIONS fan.
What would Spike have thought of the original DARK SHADOWS?
He probably saw it!
Everybody asking are we twins.
Like yes.
Crack  the ballers doctorg of choice
oh my gosh, I love you!
Excellent dinner and Jazz at Barrett's Grill in Hunt Valley!
email your order to and we ll give you a quote!
Ordinary people become extraordinary, once they have an encounter with the fire of the Holy Spirit!
I want to take my last breath right before Josh does.
I don't want to be here to witness his.
That is the squirrel you are looking for.
That is the squirrel you are looking for.
Me trying to get my cat to run head first into window
fine good and you?
little disappointed not to see you playing for today on ESPN when you went head2head w/
Just watched fireworks from the Sunken Garden  pretty good showing this year.
And we didn't get stuck in traffic on the way home.
so today i basically got paid to doctorve my boss's car back from mount kisco and throw boxes into a truck all day.FTW
Give your girl a follow back!
This Sunday night we Celebrate 's Dirty 30 Birthday Party at Closet Sundays inside
When I get to therapy early I swing by the AM/PM and doctornk in my car.
And then I have something to work on when I get in there.
C'mon out, everyone!
RT : The weather tonight is perfect for a GhostWalk in
Howard is another ego maniac, get rid of him and get people who want to be there, Orlando.
Sincerely, Cleveland
JORDAN pretty pweezee say happy bday to my friend rosie!?
think the Tops get the Cats in Louisville?
She's got a love like woe
Been huge thoroughbred racing fan for 30 years.
Yet had trouble following HBO's Luck dialogue.
Hooked anyhow!
Thanks mman, we appreciate it!
We're following you on here, where do we follow your graffitis?
ok I deff will when I get back :
I can't wait for tomorrow morning!
Questions part two will be incredible!
According to guidebook, you're are a SE Asia veteran when you can climb out of a bus w/out bumping your head.
I'm looking forward to that!
Dear cold/allergy thing, I don't have time for you so please move along.
At the very least, start responding to meds.
K?
Thanks.
Thanks, we're doing our best to make it as painless as possible, maybe a bit fun too.
getting ready for bed I have stupid skool tomorrow :P
aww really?
thank you!
BTW How do you set up autos??
Great!
Glad ya enjoyed it!
aww thanks happy mothers day to u too !
How many other workingmoms are trying to balance Spring Breakno school with their kids?
I love how the weather reflects my mood.
4 and I get out at 10
A great loss to archaeology.
Lewis Binford RIP
HELL YES!!!
Family first.
Legitimately teared up.
I miss all of us, man.
wow xfactor so lip singing gets the stereohoggz one step closer to 5M.
Real recognize eal and my nig you a stranger ..
Why is all the lemon juice artificially flavored, but the furniture polish has real lemon juice.
Who does decide anyway?
Just like a Back in 10 Min sign at brick and mortar store.
I have no idea when you put the sign up so I don't know when the 10 min is up!
Me, and are free agents for the shamisterckshindig.
Looking for a team that needs us!
I just realized i dnt doctornk as much as i used to...
Tonight's grappling...controlling from top and break downs!
FAFSA barely gives me loans like they know I'd spend it irresponsibly as a result of never outgrowing the fifth grade sparkly gel pen phase.
gossipgirl plays the best music ever 3
Repeating Myself 
2nite old school sunday inside !
video mixing all nite!
Come out and enjoy our doctornk specials!!!
I need to have a dance party before trying to finish this last proposal.
Thank GOD I knocked a big chunk of this out on Saturday
doctornk deeply from the fountain of knowledge.
Don't just take a sip

if we are getting technical than lives in the best place on earth
We think so!
:
congrats yo!!
may you be showered with a plethora of polish sausages.
That's a bad thing, right?
Correction: make that the Fort Riley cavalry.
So many forts out here in Kansas, easy to get them confused.
Or make them up.
LMFAO is a disgrace to this country.
Thanks for the RT!
totally.
Palm trees don't make excellent shade trees.
:
Awkward moment when me and Donny have the same ADHD medicine..
what movie are you talking about?
USF Women's kicking off against St.
John's here in a minute.
Let's go Bulls need the W to keep playoff hopes alive!
I wanted to say do ur fat ass have fleas lo...but he looks like he only 15 or younger
A fine Tuesday to both of you!
Can't wait for 2011 to end!
Bring on 2012!
you're welcome!
Spent the day on set, filming a really challenging restaurant scene with coactor Trevor Clark.
It's so awesome to work with prepared actors
I found I could set up Outlook to check my mail on google its still downloading Jan.
09 email and has to work through all my mail to present
literally two streets away, faggot
Just had a ViPeel with Boughton Dermatology in lajolla  saw doctor Scalise.
She was super helpful and took time to answer all my questions!
only 85 more tweets until jesus comes
RT : What are you thankful for?
We're thankful for our community of donors, partners, projects, and volunteers
: When someone says 'I love you' make sure you watch their actions more than their words.
New Building by PerkinsWill for The Johns Hopkins Hospital Unites Architecture, Urban Design, and Healing To Redefine ...
I'm out.
Reading Puppy Diaries inspired me to not give up on training Sully.
Off to Wagtime with him soon.
An estimated 2.8million chlamydia infections occur each year, and many people show no
Waiting to hear from VP Biden!
Who's up for some giant Jenga?
True.
I'm sure there's more to the story.
Hard to believe whatever more is could be a fireable offense though.
The Daily doctorvers car review: 2012 Toyota Prius C hybrid
I prefer proof of concept myself.
Started my last venture with a year of experimentation.
somebody tell me what 'occupying' accomplishes.
not the idea, but the actual act; 'to take up space.'
heh.
WIsh I knew where he worked I'd love to hear about someone speaking poorly of my dept.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
why thank you!
:
Having the right focus is truly a beautiful thing.
Initial verdict: it works!
Edits, exports, fullscreen.
Haven't tested everything but tried most frequent functions.
that's a courageous prediction.
:
Corporate Sustainability plans should include utilizing recycledcontent paint!
heyy there you enjoying china and make sure to take pictures
Had a great summer, thanks LA.
Love to family and friends, will miss you all.
Have a couple reasons to be excited to get to MIA
A2 Smart phone is all you need these days  mobile journalism is the future.
Lots of good apps, cheap mic and of course, a good ear!
Love lives on hope, and dies when hope is dead It is a flame which sinks for lack of fuel.
oh your man is looking so handsome!!!!
Saw a homeless guy with his hand down his pants outside of the Dollar Tree.
I really wanted to take a photo.
Closing time, Semisonic.
Can you believe it?
Your city of Las Vegas Firefighters have handled 81,567 calls so far this year.
That's nearly 10 percent more than 2010!
Dawg this traffic is blowinnnnn me.
B/c I'm not high.
Ha
I have already told her NO NO AND NO it's not persistency it's annoying at this point
Nude?
RT : Just wondering, are there any addiction classes to help my Instagram habits?
I need it...BAD.
Big win, we're boss.
Proud bearcat..
nope.
I live away from all that lol
Scotland Yard Pub: Geeks Who doctornk Pub Quiz tonight at 8pm.
Prizes and fun and 'Cuse Basketball on TV!
Don't fuck with stoop kid
Wilma, cheap, inexpensive, inferior, and common
Once was enough for me.
I have had some adventures that about scared the life out of me.
You can read about them in my book.
Swim Good.
aw okaay so it still don't work at all?
Interesting part of Gruden's QB Camp was Russell Wilson saying ref told him he had time to clock the ball in Rose Bowl.
I love the hood.
It always gives you what you need.
Plug yourself into the hood and see how blessed you are.
Taking our intern for lunch for her last day.
Farragut/Dupont, not too expensive, but not shabby either.
HELP!
I like Tweetcaster.
it was missing 1 word I was saying work it girl!
Last week of swimming:D
what does vht stand for?
Coolin we gone get that track to yall next week brah what's up with the 1 you gone send
I'm about to give up on you again.
John Cena is so freaking finnneeee O.O !
okay then your going to be signed ?
;
Now on to this wine I've been wanting since mentioned it the other day.
same here
Just shot two shows at Salvage part of Great stuff!
I'm just waiting for school to be over already!!
You ever have one of those gotta take a dump before you play but the bathroom at the club isn't a smart pooping situation?
Yep.
That's me.
Happy Mothers Day to my mom, grandma, godmom, and my wonderful 6 aunties.
this one old lady ha back problems so i tried to help her she said thankyou she looked up then said take my money dont kill
3 hours till i see u on 106park and tomorrow UA doctorps!
i am so proud of u diggy simmons:
oh OK...hosting or just getting out of NC for a bit.
Let me guess the NCAA's
For all of you gearing up for sailing season, aquamarines are believed to keep sailors safe and guard against storms.
Oh happy day!
's Between Gears came in the mail today!
...now if only I had any time to read it.
SLOPPY, SLOPPY, SLOPPY!
C'mon Spurs, let's win this game!!
So I'm supposed to go to a game this weekend and my mom wants Sat but I don't think I can watch Stewart play...
i don't mean but
Ah yes, the WHCD.
Otherwise known as the Golden Globes of journalism.
Seems to be so far.
Thanks for asking ;
text me back!
Love this: Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
doctorver is packing up.
will be leaving the restaurant in the next few minutes
80 degrees and sunny..
Perfect day to leave the sick ward aka my bedoctorom and go for a hike!
You know ain't finna let no shit like that stess me out cuz that shit right there is childish as hell
You the you the best I ever had
Europe is great.
Limited internet is not.
So amazing....love this post!!
Pacers : let's get game 2 baby
TheCabinInTheWoods was absolutely phenomenal!
Seriously one of the best original movies I've seen in a very long time.
Can people get hypnotized so that they think their partner's snoring is awesome  soothing?
I am, but not the rest of the guys.
I'm filling in for this other team.
oh and when i find it its gonna be on HERE , DO TRUST !!!
I got to step out the house for a few minutes and run some errands.
: 
Advocates will be in Houston recruiting for the upcoming demonstrations in DC and MALS support!
Stay posted for more!
Fanny Pack needs to go !
:O
Happy late birthday:
Salsa is always worth the aftereffects
Happy St.Patricks day !!
Thanks for the props, DC.
Glad you still watch us even though you're now off the clock!
Looking for good audiobook recommendations for some upcoming road trips!
1012 hours preferred, but really anything would be helpful.
Awesome dinner at Wendt's on the Lake.
Great place for delicious fried perch.
My point was that you'll all get kissed whether you have a date or not.
So dont worry about reaching out to some bum
' forget her phone.
I guess I'll be taking over the tweeting tonight.
i usually fall asleep around 4.
Is that too early to be considered an insomniac?
Girl.
You need to buy that shirt.
you follow me i follow you how that sound to you fair?
3
super sore throat....any ideas to make it feel better?
This can't help but be awesome :
I'm too tired, big day ahead.
Time to get my beauty rest Tomorrow is another day where is this month going yet again!
Frustrated GdNight
re G: I deleted the app and left my account up with a msg explaining that I use FB.
Awww, thanks!
You have a great day too!
people please dont waste your time with this EmpowerNetwork BS.
Dont Believe the hype.
Just stop and learn to really
stalking me teacher on facebook...
lol
welcome to the Wonderful World of Twitter...
Where every tweet makes a difference!
Oh my god thats the worst news ever, hes our setup man!
RT RT : Extra Bases: Yankees sign Okajima to minorleague deal
If, after the flash intro, a button saying enter popups, I leave!
He has the cool car.
He gets the girl.
know you are going to rock it like a rock star
We're thinking about hosting The First Annual Fort Washington Crab Feast live music...family...friends...in July?
Tell me your thoughts?
what dish are you looking forward to the most for Thanksgiving?!
Ya Knows It
so are we behind?
Blackmon just got announced...
Cuddling Sexy Girls 
Yeah I've heard them, good stuff.
Joey is sweating playing baseball
Happy Mother's Day.,!3 I Love Yhu Momma..
:
Make sure to follow for OCD Chris O'Donnell action I guess.
what do you need
One day I will beat at arm wrestling.
Lmfao!
Good luck with the stuff with you know who.
no problem!
Business is great in NYC!
The city that never sleeps
Bill Campbell, Ryan Scott, and Bob Hart killing it  La Taverna right now:
Thanks so much for helping spread the word about
Sometimes it feels like no matter what I do it's not Good enough for anyone.
Wah!
Bet you didn't want to wake up!
Game on!
on the run today, placing orders and checking upholsterer, doctorpped new pillows in at clients who r  work, I love the surprise.
Just migrated to an iphone.
Thought I was up to speed on technology.
Amazing communication tool!
EMAC students!
We're officially having an undergrad endofsemester mixer Wednesday, 12/8 4pm  6ish.
Come meet your coconspirators!
animal crackers circa god knows when.
Getting ready for the first ministry group meeting of presby churches following reorganization.
Totally stealing ideas from
Two clutch 3 point shots made at the end but not soon enough.
First we won by 1 point and today we lost by 1.
This will be a close series.
Looking at Twitter timeline looking for something exciting.
Probably not going to happen when it's close to midnight.
Oh well!
It is comforting to know that not only the steps but also the stops of a good man are ordered by the Lord.
George Mueller
So glad i got to talk to today.
Thanks for joining us at our online listening party!
More treats tomorrow!
Bringing in the New Year with the love of my life,
Fellas im still not satisfied with our RB Situation..Issac and Dwyer are our top 2 backs,then John Clay
It's gonna be a great day!
1st my daughters softball game, then an evening out w/ my wife.
Then catch up on my DVR
anything and everything.
This is our 1st show.
We're excited to walk the floor.
We will be there with
okay thanks :D
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything.
Win Borden
I'm looking to get 100 music lovin fans by my birthday in 12 days.
Im workin on a sound track for a motion pic and need some good material.
Andy Cohen: I am with Jesus Barbie when we break the news about Osama Bin Laden.
just got home...
my lil bro is now studying weather in school.
Next BG?
Im on them xany bars, my weed is medical!
We trippy mane!
Excited to see my bff ina few weeks!
We wish we could be at OutsideLands this weekend.
We killt it at tonight !!
What is your occupation in Brazil?
ToDo Put my parents lawnmower in my van and take it to Laura's house, Tomorrow at 12:30pm
what are your thoughts on the Broncos next off season move?
What will they come up with next?
my brother doctorving this car and holding this damn knife next to me ....uh uh, it's not gone work for me  
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm.
Quote Corrie ten Boom
Glad you think so : And thanks for the tweet!
Looking for skilled Operations Engineers and Site Reliability Operations Leads for exciting job opportunities at
Shwasted watching grease?
Location shoot tomorrow  if it doesn't rain that is...
Part of the shock is that the women at Dell I know feel very supported
we are working on that...
How about a yummy one on us during lunch next time?
Ask for Mario he can take care of you!
That shower though  Wonderful :
Got to chat with and yesterday!
You have no idea how much I love those girls!
They bring joy to my life!!:
WhyDoHoes expect to get wifed up after being used so many times SMH .
Boo..
AH!!!
Lookin girl
NeverShouldYouEver Compare A Girl To Another Girl .
This is why in fat...ugly
99 of people in this world are Stupid.
Luckily I'm the other 5
orphans8 After returning from the Dutch East Indies, Tassilo Adams was a curator at the Brooklyn Museum
check out pomplamoose on you tube for an awesome cover of that song!
I'm thinking like amazon reviews  angies list  stack exchange  twitter/facebook integration
Call me a purist, but blue MMs just don't feel right to me.
Woops!
Again.
We only said that at michael's height and the Olympus of BB he could relate to Lebron.
Now fans just being rude and stupid
Idk how to explain it
Moran tearing his knee at
Cloudy with a chance of seeing my boyfriend.
: oh darn..
he needs to start working out!!
yeah start working out.
BRB SHOWER :P
In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the king.
Watching The Prince of Egypt.
:
This Song Is Called3
Check out this week's OK!
Magazine for a feature story and pics about doctor  mister.
B's wedding!
My husband looked damn good in that video too im still in love with this man his music go hard any damn day!!
tummy hurts
Love this dat redbull generation music...like workin out for me!
On our way to panama city!
would love to hear your thoughts  answer any questions you might have!
With and with my mom jammin to music.
Nah!
Just a busy week.
Job interviews and project meetings.
No time for man toys.
: We've got QR codes to Amazon for all APSA exhibit books at this point.
Now we just have to test all of them...
yeah but ill make a plan don't worry
Excited to be a new member of the !
Hi.
I got an email inquiring about you!
Celebrity, sort of :
See the greatest superheroes in on 4/25  7PM in Denver!
Txt SUPERHERO  ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to entr to win an ADMIT 1 pass!
thanks for RTing!
kaleideloops are coming!
That's the parting of the RedWings and The Red Wings just had longer sticks should make the NHLNetwork rated R.
would you say that a Bi woman is still lesbian...even tho she deals with both men and women?
if anything your stomach will thank you!
When your only happiness is constantly bringing you down.
RT : Hard data is rarely enough.
Activists must package data into a narrative that makes sense  that makes people want to act....
EveryoneIsBeautul Not all on the inside!
With hard work and persistence, you can find success.
You can make Spongebob really perverted if you try XD
Lastest IM Reviews Posts TABLET PC REVIEW: 3ft Sync/Charge Micro USB Data Cable for Amazon Kindle
I was seriously in the middle of typing this to you...
weird!
Haha see you son!
Forgot Biggest Loser was on tonight!
FF Great new Tweets from Awesome!!
Thanks:D What's going on??
Mexican food is the best!
:D 3
Thx 4 the follow.
We hope u have a chance 2 dig you some Secret Skwirl.
We're digging the Animal vibe!
Best  success.
That it's an essay question masquerading as multiple choice.
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
why is it so hard to get noticed by you?
:/ asdfghjkl
Well, JcPenny did not have the doctorss I wanted.
Hey omg I'm so sry forgot to answer u!
hangs head in shame
VolcanoGirl For those dealing with Carmageddon Volcano Girl is here to save you.
But it will cost 5,000 per person.
New rates.
: ICantStandPeople who ...
wait, no I just can't stand people.
That's amazing!
I had no idea he'd be there!
We do download cards, but bands realize now they still need CDs  tees to sell at gigs.
It just makes sense.
Now that's a crowd
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Joe Paterno
I was so impressed with papers I heard  Purdue's Early Atlantic Reading Group 10th anniv symposium this weekend.

not that it matters, but why do people always get charged for mixed doctornks?
think, wedding receptions sometimes :
ThatAwkwardMoment someone comes up to you and says you're Jordan, right?!
and you have no idea who they are.
Help us get over 1000 followers!
We ask anyone who is truly serious abt making a powerful statement about CSA via film to join us!
Havent been around in awhile, but came back to hit up followfriday and see my fav tweep // Hope all is well Every1
The two most doctoraded parts of morning time: getting out of bed and doctoring my hair.
BBL.
GONNA WATCH MB PERFORM!
DEUCES
oh my gosh I'm so sorry!
D': I'll pray hard for u too!!!
of course:
60 cent pulled pork sliders all day today!!!
Stop by Shortysbarbq  help celebrate our 60th anniversary of making the best BBQ in town!
Someday soon.
And hell, I'd perform for free.
;
Will u give me a shoutout please??
Sorry to hear that.
yes!
The show is at The Echo on Thurs!
Almost to Pharr TX.
We are right on the border!
I hope I find some killer Mexican food!
Youre a door man.
Door man.
Door man
I experience my worst fear everyday and it is terrifying.
When will endorse SSM?
Fortunately, I live in a country demonstrating leadership and progress towards
How did I miss that your book is now out?
Congrats on selling out Amazon!
I know you think love him but sometimes you have to let things go
Earn more money with hair extensions, weaves,  even making full lace wigs!
For more info OR supplies email us 
I was all doctoramy about Peace for a moment ...
but, we'll have to fight the politicians first.
: Peace
dont TALK about it..BE about IT!!!!!and keep GOD 1st!!!
Spy shows have taught me never to work at a shipyard
lets see, yesterdays standouts..Saints, bounty, Seau nfl, Rangers nhl, Braves ChipperJ, Weaver nohitter, Dodger owners presser
Today is National Teacher Appreciation Day!
So if you can read, count to 20, or write your name in cursive,
Still all eyes on Iran!
umm no one goes to the movies on sundays down here sweetheart
but i am not financially supporting anyone else, so my risky decisions about who i'll work for affect primarily myself...
It's cold af today
MY LAST RT DESERVES A MILLION RTS
I use 1 class blog for grad stdts.
It's easier for both me and my students to keep track of posts that way,  fosters community.
My flow so tight should get his ass kicked on now
gorgeous avi babe
MayweatherCotto Can't Wait !
its really good i follow the series regularly and just rewatch it constantly on netflix
MyDayWasMade when my toughest professorssor who always fills my papers with red ink told me you should be really proud of this piece
But then that border guard will look at AngelAngela Davis Washington, according to her birth certificate
aww i will!
and we all miss you too Katie!!
33
EVERYONE HAS THE RIGHT TO FREEDOM!
SO WHY WE BAG IT UP IN DIME BAGS?
You did a WONDERFUL job this morning with ecismg .
It was good to see everyone at Innovation Connector in
: Final at the Camp Nou!
Very big congratulations to Chelsea FC for reaching the Munich Final!
Bara 2  Chelsea 2.
FCBLive
I must focus all of my efforts on focusing my efforts
My libido is slowly fading away.
Weird thing is I have no problem with that.
Lookin foward to when the desire is gone.
Hardsummer countdown!
Meeting up with and hitting the shops for some crazy rage outfits!
how the hell is Tannehill a top ten pick???
and then a guy like graham harrell go undoctorfted, i hate the doctorft
i wonder if the christian right in america would be as pissy about harry potter if it was published as philosopher's stone...
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
G.K.
Chesteron
I want to make babies with you.
Count me in.
Community engagement and environmental remediation through art is right up my alley.
Photoshoot at Mt.
Hood today.
raises hand sheepishly That'd be me...
I just wouldn't want to share what burb i'm from and have people stalk me...
Best Buy chief marketing officer resigns following CEO departure  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Reason 12 to love the BBA: Our businesses lean on one another for support.
We are a team  do our best to support our team.
What I did last night had to be the stupidest thing I ever did.
key feature of your proposed tool: optin, not optout.
:
Yeah Gonzalez!
Ugh.
Joe Giudice is exactly that ...
a thug.
If Tyga could really rap, he would be SCARY, cuz he easily has one of the hardest flows out there.
i almost died today at lunch people were acting like animals lol
Ask your child about their day and tell them about yours.
This sharing time is often the most important part of your day!
thanks!
I entered last year and nothing.
But I'll enter Adopted this year.
You read it?
Will you follow me ...
Then I shall bask in ' regard.
:
Im over this.
tweet jusstin bieber...get him to number one
Lol!
: Yaaay!
I'm just watching a little bit of American Idol!
: Thanks for asking!
How about you?
ReTweet about our beta site and be entered into a doctorw for a free SHdc sweatshirt!
should espn be responsible to holding syracuse tapes for eight years after they persecuted paterno for same thing.
Thanks 4 follow me
ayyee!
im home alone!
mom and dad gonna be gone all day!
what time are you gonna get here?
btw we got pizza  cake.
LMFAO
: Lets welcome chef Tetsuya our new executive sushi chef  bring on the sushi!
People who shop at the flea ah lames these days
My line right now a good convo would be great right now
Feels like spring.
Aw
anytime i am following u can u follow me its ok if u dont want me to ??
plz reply back to let me know
Good thing I didn't text you something shitty this morning ;
haha oh, more statuses about checking out girls?
G, I think we need to have a talk.
Fall asleep on the couch, wake up, and The Five Heartbeats is on.
Guaranteed to be a good day!
Nice view huh?
TNT just ran a commercial for Thunder Lakers game 4 and said its win or go home for the Lakers, so if the Lakers lose tonight somethings up
Hi c:
Thanks!
Much appreciated.
:
Enjoy!
RT Just received wonderful cosmetic products in the mail today thanks to the generous sponsorship of !
Good morning, Kathy.
Another fabulous tweet, thanks!
One in Glen Burnie, but most Target's seem to carry them.
The Method is too cumbersome, it has too many check points.
You are constantly checking.
whats good fool
If I choose you over sleep.
You better, I repeat, BETTER feel pretty freaken special.
The MotorCityStepShow wishes the ladies of Zeta Phi Beta a
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u??
U PICK THE BEST SONGS
Chillin with my best bud dave herro  his b.day party!!!!!
haha hey Arnold wears a red plaid skirt with leggings haha
JONES BEACH BANDSHELL FREE CONCERT TONIGHT!
The sound of a solid door closing or creaking stairs is something you just don't come across much in L.A.
Out new store in Folsom CA planning CPS touchscreen install next week; they'll have outdoor Beer Garden; store opening 10/26!
Tonight's SHOW CANCELLED BY Sorry for any inconvenience.
Please RT
I wasn't good at doing this but I was committed to trying.
Getting ready to hear inspiring stories at Women's Fund Keyholder Event!!
Had a great shoot this weekend and met some great people.
On to the next feature Erebus this month.
LOVED tonight's episode of MadMen.
Was skeptical of this season at first, but so excited for the rest of the season after tonight!
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to your good news
When youre in love make sure you really are in love and not just in love with the idea of being in love.
We are open from 128 pm at the building at Essex  Delancey!
Joined today by reps from ABC No Rio, Blustockings  Save the Essex St Market
Hey baby girl!!!
Now to finish Sherry's photos...

well my source said we were allies..
hm?
You Cant Knock me down, Cause Ill Always get back up!!
MY Mental surpasses your Physical!
Legal Product Manager opening!
Required 3 years of mutual fund paralegal/legal administration experience required.
you hung up on me.
we?
did you pay for the content?
pay for production?
someone did...
your buttons?
Lol
When you cant stay up late cause you have school the next morning !!
Please tell me supper will be ready soon cause I AM STARVING!
Marriage is the greatest earthy happiness when founded on complete sympathy.
Trucks are rolling now off to new business models!!
Oh cool.
:P
I don't know how on PSP
One of our Member's father passed away last night.
We'll raise a glass in his honor.
RIP Dad, may there be car engines to rebuild in heaven.
Yes, he is that bad a judge.
I'm pissed at my mom, because she never gave birth to an older brother with hot friends.
.
Anybody do biz with Universal Plastic Bag Manufacturing Co.
in California?
Need to write story for
To invite someone to collaborate on a Pinterest board, you have to be following them, right?
Oh well.....
Maybe one day
they always do
10 Humble yourselves before the Lord, and he will lift you up in honor.
james 4;10
Thanks for the FF!!
Have a great weekend!
Word of Mouth happens organically but you can also learn to use social media tools to MAKE it happen.
Awesome weather to be filming biking stuff in.
Hope DUMBO looks as great at sunset tonight as I remember.
Just installed the new Seesmic, I like tweetdeck but it likes to eat memory
haha awesome!
I have my license too, but i'll probs walk cuz zac lives like 2 minutes from me.
we have a new coupon coming, interested?
nice guitar shot btw!
Hard work is the yeast that raises the dough
Love the 'Go Brewers' MCTS bus I just saw!
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.
Roger Miller
Lil bro scored 20 points he was really balling
haha I googled funny baby pictures
lets tour!
I HAVE A WATERMELON TOWL!!!!
Level Up: Lead with Emotional Intelligence is now offered for a limited time 0.99 cents until Feb 15.
S.I.H.Y.L Spit It How You Live
I had this app mths and mths ago!
Haha!
RT : you're welcome.
Authors  Less than 10 ever earn their book advance back  interesting how big publishers make such bad decisions on what book will sell
People, life is what you make it.
Maybe the world isn't out to get you.
You just need to work on yourself.
hes here you fag
RT : 4,000 customers in southern NV are currently without power due to the high winds today.
Crews working to restore power ASAP
Fantastic hike at Runyon today...the sun feels so good on my body and there are so many girls out today!
Shower then Ashmaster's!
ratchetmixtapetitles cocaine  unprotected sex
Hey Chris, what dinosaur are you the most afraid of?
Hey ppl go follow for a promo for 50 followers cum on plez in need sum followers
Inbox 18, and holding, for 2 days.
dude like your like 25?
or something and im freaking 16 years old soon 17 august 7th so STOP HITING ON ME CREEP!
urggh
gotta keep puching myself and stay focus as long as i got jesus watching me ima be good
U doin all that and on twitter at the same time!
i hope dana gets what she wants
Thanks kiddo.
We are doing ok I guess!
Eating lunch at the waffle window with the kids.
Come use your Groupon at the B, we will not be accepting them the weekend of HampdenFest
I am obsessed with your Honey Child Friend lotion!
Where can I buy it I am almost out!!
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!
The costumes in Once Upon a Time!
Aww I love you too !
I had so many awkward moments in live......
until i made a twitter.
Sadly didn't watch, but congrats to the 400 Baylor Bears, NCAA Women's Basketball Champions.
Very cool.
Thanks for keeping me in the loop.
GUYS CAN WE TREND MAHOMIES 4EVER ???
Let's trend it for 3 kimberly :
PickUpLine: Nice shirt.
Can I try it on after we have sex?
U'z?
is that short for UTZ?
Just exited 3 5 right.
Taxi to Atlantic via via Kilo.
Yes we do
Thomas made a nice catch on the throw by
I wish Landoctor Fields would stop shooting and stop trying to make a play.
KnowYourRole cut and defend!
Ridiculous things!
That's like my heaven!!!
done,thanks babe :
Matt Kemp pinch hit, to extend his consecutive games played to 393.
Regularly evaluate your communications strategies.
Determine what worked or what didn't.
Make adjustments to your plan as needed.
who bought those boots for you
the maine?
Goin to go see da bae again today cant wait
that's from last year
How do people cheer for them idgi
Karma is a bitch with experience.
Yo the new DOG LEATHER video is all shot  nasty  game killing as fuck.
INTERNET BEWARE.
U KNOW U CAN'T HANDLE THE MICROPHONE VANDAL.
Did anyone else see what Geno was wearing at the Lemieux statue unveiling yesterday?
I think we need to get those shirts for sale in here.
awesome!
Thank you!!!
:
I'm so so
Notable items found after cleaning out my car: half handle of rum, bag of shotgun shells, a bra, 8 blunt wraps, and a Country Grammar CD
asdjkfl.
you're such a qt
just damn.
Not in the near future.
that's what I'm hearing.
And the cost of living is so much cheaper than DC.
I'm trying to start my own company.
We don't need to get everyone on a bike.
Walking, transit  living close to destinations should work for everyone.
New Suits Over DoItYourself IRAs, As Reported By The Wall Street Journal, Prompts American IRA, LLC To Remind Self ...
BuildaThon2012 is officially on!
Over 5 days, volunteers will completely roughframe 10 new homes!
I got a case of the wiggles.
Not the show, but the uncontrollable shakes called alcoholism :/
that's right!
:D
selling skyrim perfect condition ps3 30
I like people who keep the conversation alive.
All my friends that are Packers fans need to follow That means you
So...
have you been listening to Not Your Kind of People?

lovesecurity risk?
hahahahahaaha isn't it kinda good though?!?
Looks like I'm pulling an allnighter...
happy birthday!
Hope we can hangoutt again at another family function n thankyouuu soo muchh!
My friends loved the pics!!
thanks for the RT!
Always nice to 'meet' other Portland book folks!
It's only 9:30ish, and I'm done all my required tasks for the day.
Time to figure out how to make funnel cake for breakfast.
:D
If you have more than one social media account Hoodsuite.com is a great way to share your content on all of them at the same time.
N CONFERENCE WIT SUM FIRE ASS SALAD!!
lol bro for me to have made that test at 8am I would have had to have woken up at 5:30
Tomorrow is Monday?
Sunday, you have betrayed me.
Is this payback for sleeping with Saturday?
/soap opera.
I so think people try to piss me off and im tired of it :
You guys hear about Tracy Morgan?
He stabbed his son to death for being grey
thats so cool!!!!!
I'm finna go reallyy hard n the gym...
Thanks for following, friends!
very excited to partner with you for TFFOC 2!
done with the people who hold me back
I reaaaallllyyy don't wanna go to school
The Friday Local Author Series hosts Patricia Taub this week, talking about The Mother of my Invention on Friday 2/3  noon in Mtg.
rm.
Anyone have a spare Google invitation?
Do I even want this?
Please follow for the latest green news.
Bedtime.
Blah nothin to look forward to tomorrow .
no school 4 the crush.
haha ok.
I'll see it when we're going to 3rd.
Everyone should follow and he follows back.
Oh, you blocked me on Twitter?
You sure showed me.
At a vending machine and I hit doctorpepper, out comes a cherry coke...???
Really?
Wow
Happy 3rd birthday, !
G'morning Twitts!
:
Holy chit meng!
Agreed.
That was a nice touch.
Oh my phone would brick for sure haha, my luck
You don't even know me bro!
:b
I like this picture Gary.
It's shows your model status LOL Hope things are well in your life.
Much luck from your fan, Antoine
IMAGINE tweeting you saying  I LOVE YOU333
of course it's true.
I'm an honest person ;
I wonder what Rob Lowe looks like first thing in the morning, without all that makeup.
Who is going home on the X Factor?
has some tough contenders on the show!
The 2012 MUSIC SHOWCASE will be September 2729th  The Walnut Room.
It will feature 1820 bands and include film  other visual arts.
Not to mention the stapler museum!
I just gave asha the best advice.
I should be a motivational coach
IWantToPunchPeopleWho Concieted, It Mightt Be Okaa If Yu Didn't Look Like My Dog, No Offense To My Dog.
My split tests with clients' open times supports it: 7am18 open, 9am23 open.
However, this is for B2B messages, not B2C.
Stop in this week for a Fade,Taper,Caesar,Mohawk,Shapeup.....AND MORE.
Sounds great!
RT : It's us doing our best impression of  we can only try guys!
Chomping it up with , , Talking about our big announcement tomorrow.
Stop by for a preview.
sounds epic!
5106978214 way to pick finals weekend to come back and visit !
I do however have a Rouge Chocolate Stout awaiting my last hour of the evening.
Hot off the press via : AllThingsD reports HP to combine printing  PC divisions.
Whitman recently hinted at changes
Kelly and I are going floating on the Guadalupe with a bunch of friends today!
IMHO Notre Dame ends up in B1G.
I don't have sources like but Big East  ACC in tough spot
lmao u silly
Roughly 5 of the population has an infection of the skin or toenails on their feet, at any given time, showing up as warts or fungus
Where have you been all my life!
My last retweet is so true for me.
Most kind.
Thank you!
RT
TEXT REFUGE3 to 24587 for DISCOUNTED entry
okay :/ but girl this school in ny is wack.
I'm looking at other places now.
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend ...
kiss him every time!
I dont even care anymore im just done.
It's that time again.
Mt.
Adam's Mayfest is just around the corner!!
LIVE music from !!
Get there early to grab a great seat!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 38
Watching Everything Must Go with The Hub.
Hope it's funny!
YEP,that's the one.Such a talented writer,I just find so many prevailing viewpoints,present in most of his books, disagreeable.
Overheard in TB: Wat r u doing done here?: I got a job offer to bartend at the beach.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written.
And thou shalt love the LORD thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all...
FF?
I just learned about that
I don't know why you have to announce that to everyone.
Just do it.
OH: We can do a flash mob in China!
20 MILLION PEOPLE!
i hate truth is on fb they take 4eva to do
That is great!
It's amazing the people that this event attracts.
It's always a very busy time for us...
but we love it!
NEXTIVA you were suppose to route all calls to the cell phone if you went down why didnt that happen
Its another day another dollar..its about getting money
A shrimp's heart is in their head.
Luke Donald 5
Yogis and Yoga Clothe enthusiast, Lululemon Athletica Third Ward Grand Opening is tomorrow, February 17 from 10 a.m.
to 7 p.m.
Stop in.
Shopping with the thugs and
Happy Birthday dude!!
Director of Education at the Society of the Cincinnati.
The focus is the Revolutionary War.
Pretty snazzy:
dude idk why but im kinda scared to say it
Pharmaceutical reps are my favorite people in the world.
Ugh so nice
I'm a very loveable person :
Ground Zero 2010
did you have a good time at sxsw?
Too bad we couldn't meet up
power of Judaism
LOLOLOL.
OK, We shall keep the intensefriendship.
BUT, I have an intense hatred of comic sans.....and I always will.
If I don't use up all of my sex, does it roll over to next month?
That's hardly a way to speak to your elders.
If your parents weren't unemployed, I'd have them fired.
Nation's defense is lowest priority of administration.
A new Pres should be top priority of Americans.
RT
Maybe because u have schools like texas college and paul quinn etc..
dat rip there students off
Don't shoot your eye out.
Donald is going home...
I hope!
Vikings cut RB King after weekend arrest
They've never doctorve through Indiana, Met the men who plowed that earth..
JOIN US TONIGHT FOR GOOD FOOD, GOOD TIMES AND BUCKETS OF BUDLIGHT FOR 15!!!!!
when is Austin gonna make a new cover?
:/
haha so true!
: Where's the prop bet for 'Twitter feed way more entertaining than the game?' Sucker's bet, really.
oh shucks cx
All the best people have white hair!
Still celebrating the day I chucked the dye bottle.
you give the finger to someone from akron , well you suck now your wades bitch!
CANNOT WIN LIKE JORDAN WITH WHAT WE GAVE YOU FU
You guys are so cute!!
I love in mob wives they're like I don't want there to be any doctorma, so I'll make sure to invite the most polarizing girl I know.
Go for it!
I'd love to see that one:
Loved  premier, I'll be tuning in every Sunday as always watching the kardashians...
omg I so love your default.
Amazing image ever
Boston vacation is over.
Waiting to meet up with for
dirty!
:p
Austin's gonna marry me WHAT?.
;
you're right im much funnier in real life 8
Saw some folks bike riding, even in this wind it
After thirty, a body has a mind of its own  Bette Midler
Dames just sat for a photo with THE Candyman!!!!
Woohoo!!
on the sen floor  Rs cut the budget on the backs of wmn  kids  even little kids in head start had to take it on the chin.
thanks.
It shall be fun
Right before Gabriel Martinez got shot by a Valencia County deputy, he was swinging a metal pipe at the cops.
Before that, he was running.
keep digging marco!
lol worth it
The 1 like is me.
Rockin'!
:D
Panko Salmon is unbelievable.
You've got to try it to know it!
The only time single life is were its at is wen u in a relationship
Alrighty, see ya then!
I am enjoying the sunny day.
I recently finished my first composition for hand bells.
Listening test.
Can you hear the difference between original  mp3, etc??
home now; taking it down for church in the morning!
what a fun day...lady macbeths and spades...so fun!
watever happen to eminem
Your zest and charisma are infectious!
Thank you for participating on panel cnndialogues arabspring .
You empowered us all!
high of 73.
I went on Cinco de Derby 11 years ago today.
Oddly enough, they do.
And some very good ones at that ;
Tanning by my pool
no, my hair.
Lol
I think you want
Nice to meet you Alena!
Coachella shooting victim shows up in ER with gunshot wound.
KESQ
From Texas??
I'm 17 just turned it, soo bored right now, text it up.
I need new texting buddies, 2104097651 :
!!!
YES!
It's fantastic!
Nice job, seriously.
I see others are nitpicking already, so I'll leave it alone until it settles ;
Thinking of a special gift for your mother on mother's day?
Why not treat her with a luxury Limousine ride this week with us?
Back to the question from a couple days ago!
It was indeed Hawaii!
Some people nailed it!
thanks for always caring about your fans I really admire that:D
good morning : 3
my howling coyote shirt comes in the mail today!
Bo Ryan put a limitation on 7 of D1 schools.
Pretty sure Uthoff can find one of the 93 that's a good fit.
Aye FollowBack?
Please;
A Big HELLO to some of my beauty faves  Hope all is going well guys!
:
Heavy Cross The Gossip, Love Interruption Jack White, Broad Ripple Burning Margot  the Nuclear So  So's
What stands between us and freedom is a thought, that thought is not real.
i seen you online.
looking good bae.
Still learning whjat a hashtag is  nut I'm glad MDA news is knows!.
I'll be tweeting from the telethon this year in PHX.
that's great man!
How's the training coming along!
And nice man!
Haha gonna be some good fights bruddah !
thanks for the follow!!!
:
Four Cs 2: CarefuI.
A victory at any cost isn't really winning.
finishing touches on white horse tonight ..
Getting in gear to shoot this feature  lean budget lean crew
genomesolver curenet anne rosenwald from georgetown univ: site is well rec'd and idea of tweeting is too.
I like to point out my flaws because I don't want you to think I don't notice them.
I do notice my flaws, and then do nothing to fix them.
eat my persuasion!
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
Tony Robbins
harry is so close to 4 million it's disgusting
Lunch date tomorrow.
Don't know what to wear!!!
Friday show: at
Worst part of the doctorve back to lex is when 107.7 starts to fade out
Happy Birthday!
FOLLOW : they are new to twitter :D
Thanks to for the follow and the coupon offer!
the Bangor auditorium?
That half time show was .
The show intervention has a crazy impact on life.
I really love Nicki Minaj's new song but I can only understand about five words of it.
g'mornin' Hon!
Thank you to the kids at South County Secondary School who raised 242 for Duncan and Sweetie!
Perhaps the best dinner ever tonight at Purple.
I am now a huge fan of wine flights and baked Brie.
Between the moon colony and the open marriage, it's pretty obvious that Newt is a Robert Heinlein fanboy.
I bet his PC is named Mycroft.
WHY ARE YOU IN ORCHESTRA iswearyou'retonedeaf
This is true.
The dolls may not always cooperate, but at least they're quiet.
;
I was nervous about doubling on my 11.
Y'know when I get nervous?
When I get pulled over.
Your 15 hand wasn't that serious!
It's alright though mane !
BRAUN WON HIS APPEAL?!
Did I read this right?
Oh, so fucking happy right now.
Go
RT : RT if you have a crush on one of you followers
Time to die
Friday Night.
Burger and a Shake.
Late Night Happy Hour at 10 pm.
Currently deciding between an epic journey of magical proportions and falling asleep on the couch....
We're planning Spring Rush.
WHO'S EXCITED?
Happy Monday Blue Hens.
Today is the last day of free doctorp/add for Spring
I have an extra ticket to see a horrible popular indie band at some obnoxious college, does anyone want to go with me?!
Well it might be cooling down out there, but things are just as hot in here as always.Just out the oven muffins, croissants,biscuits, more
doctorma king
People can now take politics in their own hands lol
Julia does not feel like herself 2dai
Listening to inmate stories of heartbreak and hope with Cathy, Motown songs looping in the background.
Thank youu!!
Hope you got some good vegan buffalo wings
thank you3 ': I hope all the boyz can come !!!!!
Kokomo woman finds deals to help needy families
RT : Can we get the truck to show up at AmericanU?
At gitane loving life.
Heat time baby
2 spots open for the vegan desserts class on Saturday in Oakland.
Want to join us?
Yup I would be to one to get swimmers ear but, yet never had it when i Watson the swim team in HS or when I was a lifeguard.
Oh well lol
thank you!
It was pouring when u tweeted me.
I hope its ok.
It still works for now.
What do retired golfers do?
They carry the bag.
glad we're all in agreement: Now where r these cookies??

and since both stayed tonight that probably means they're Gunna be in the top two.
I think they count the votes to see who gets in
ms.
hood has them
My breakthru and biggest opportunity is coming.
I feel it and trust.
the guy in the car next to me is chewing on celery.
The weekend be here!
Something needs to be put together.
There's faces to be melted!!
Ergo baby carrier reduce price of little one carrier  huangbrook
My faith in men was restored a little tonight.
Feeling good about the world.
Night all.
That would be Supervisor candidate Shelia Jackson, right?
Not Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee.
This is definitely a december to remember.
Pffft
with his 2nd TATER in 2 days, GET SOME
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Just revoked my mother's emoticon privileges.
There comes a time
What would it take to call all matches right now?
RT : Fulltime!
Right?
So glad that Acta has put the dynamic duo of rally killers back to back in the lineup.
Only seems fitting
I learned of tonight gotta say I'm impressed.
Excited for to start.
I never seem to win my fights with the database.
PastPerfect, why can't you just be less logical and more whimsical some days?
Loosen up.
means alot to have you in my lifee!3
Mummy?
Are you my mummy porn?
:
Don't have a FB page but love stalk me on Facebook..
have a great day Steafan!
hello.
Let me know more at :www.mynameismahataa.com/ THANK YOU
you should use navigation:
Yea, he's prob the biggest Bears fan in the area.
The Rburg loss was hard, but the girls battled, they'll b back
Hi Amanda.
Do you have a favorite book made into a movie?
my pleasure
Face it...
Most.people already think its hypocrite anyways RT : I agree.
Hypocrite904!!!!!
Dark chocolate covered candied ginger
Mary Astor and I are hoping that you will be able to join us at the 20th Annual Green Tie Ball Sat, 9/17 Tickets at www.gatewaygreen.org
Some emails from yesterday are downloading now.
Thank u 4 speedy response.
Keep ticket active until sure it's resolved pls!
Craig Sager and those DAMN suits smh
RT : Looking forward to TheRingLeader with !
The Premier on is February 14 2012
44 days left till school ends !
I believe it's called Detergent.
teamI'msickofhearingaboutit
11am, still no sign of mine.
So all signs point to NO.
Packer fan in the South ?
Give us a follow !
Thanks for the follow.
Like your tweets.
Tweet on!
Your success depends largely on the attitude you bring with you every day.
my stomach hurt !
Asked a cop at GE headquarters in Rock Plaza where are the protesters?
They're still asleep, he said.
thank you!
Its much shorter than normal!
And thank you for the shoes!
Is in Ballroom C waiting for Natalie Merchant!
JD was actually an X commit first.
Ironic, huh?
While he is athletic as anyone, he can't shoot/undersized.
No PT next year.
Its a good feeling to not have any complaints!!!
Catching Fire is getting really good.
Tonight on OutdoorWisconsin, join Tom Newbauer on Lake Michigan as he fishes from the MKE harbor for trout and salmon.
On MPTV 10 at 8PM
as soon as i meet up with the designer hes got some bigger clients like soulja boy n juicy j hes workin on so gotta wait smh
Clutch the magnum, and do what you need to do
A lot of attention has been paid to the TrayvonMartin travesty.Let's remember to continue the prayers and support for the parents
Get ready Houston TX : we are coming back in full force!
ALL FOR THE GLORY OF GOD!
its a blunt for my ride to work
we have one, but we don't promote it as much as we should, it is basically our tweets, in the future it will be better!
haha did you see my tweet?
Yum!
I made fried eggs and leftover steak and veggies.
Congrats!
Henry is adorable!
afterschool chorus today was torture.
excitement of the early AM:Selkie so riled up in play she almost fell off one of the cat shelves, i rush to save her and trip over Isis
A real wine description I just read: This wine's aromas feature gooseberry pie, Meyer lemon, lime, river rock and a whiff of tom cat.
Satin Lips Set Buff away doctor skin with Satin Lips Lip Mask, then moisturize with Satin Lips Lip Balm
Help fellow Hoosiers  support the Clark Co Childoctorn  Family Advocate Organization  eat at Kingfish 2nite 510:00  25 gets donated!
Dude, 25?
You need a raise!!
: Happy Mothers day to my sister  friend one of the strongest sweetest women I knowsame to U Enjoy ur day!
great game man!
Its awesome to see you back and doing your thing!
: a lot of food being consumed at that lunch meeting!!
all salads!
oh neat.
and on the phone with mother again.
phone tag lol
And example of a directing column: in VAMPS, most closeups of Colt had only her in the frame; the overtheshoulder shots
Vote Republican, homosexuals!
Do you same sex couples want to have the same sex for the rest of your lives?
Didn't think so.
Great seeing you at the event tonight, my friend!
security academy of texas
QOTD: Was there ever a time the sun never set on the British Empire?
What map layers would you need to answer this?
kony 2012.
His days re numbered.
I would kill for one of mister.
Snooks snickerdoodles right now.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
I just saw your post in my connect on here sorry i didnt gett
scumbagsteve to be a musician?
Oh no...
RT : Brilliance New York will be w  come support this amazing fashion show!
: ok cause im waiting for d with willie nd andoctorw
Going to sleep with a smile on my face
Next Performance: Friday Jan 13th  The Whipping Post in Union Beach, NJ 10pm Showtime.
Headed to Chicago  AutismOne / Generation Rescue Conference in 3 weeks!
I heard them calling in the distance/ so I packed my things and ran...
Forgot my flute.
Oh well.
They probably marching anyways.
movies tonight : i dont know what i want to see though :/
Where are you?
:O
can you FaceTime two people at once?
thanks!
See ya in a few!
I'm working on a white paper on the topic of pay per click email.
I think it is a concept whose time has come.
I grow old learning something new every day.
Solon 636 BC 558 BC, Greek Statesman
LSU's Brian Nichols on IT Risk formula: risk  threat x vulnerability x impact URMIA11
I understand.
You didn't did want to touch...oh nevermind
Good thing Carolina shot down gay marriage and stood up for traditional marriage.
You know, like w your cousin/brother/sister
There needs to be a panel at NERDHQ w/  just BSing  making fun of each other.
Make it happen.
lol not now it's getting chilli outside ,
We will never forget Those 19 years we all spent at 13th and B in Omaha at the CWS.
The memories will live on inside us forever.
My health insurance was suddenly canceled following an unfixable bureaucratic foulup.
Wouldn't be surprised if Terry Gilliam was involved.
that's why we are going to win the walking contest.
15588 so far today!
Thanks!
You're pretty awesome yourself!
:o
did you stay at home today?
yes I am
I got that a lot when I was little...I guess it's making a comeback!
A toda madoctor tu ru ru RT : I love my life, super blessed and lucky, Gracias a Dios
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
Yes!
Julie Gerberding too  noting criticality of DoD Labs to influenza surveillance  identification of new strains
a real poet bro!
Thanks for that RT, !
Happy Monday.
My feet are on fire and I'm still doctornk
Congrats to  Looking forward to seeing the cardinal fans next week for the 75th Annual NIT !
I want to say good morning and welcome to all our new fans!
Well I'm going to go now talk to you all later bye bye followers and twitter :
When a bored bitch like me is on twitter the fucking thing this bitch could fucking do is ask For More Fucking Fun!!!!!
Take a look at this awesome website www.rlimaging.com
Some women used 2 be IT back in the days but failed 2 realized they're no longer IT anymore  ur gracefully hired 2 B fired one day.
Thanks for the RT, Ann.
Got a question/comment we can relay to the chat?
are you the last person Andoctorw Breitbart argued with?
That's all, Canada.
Thanks for the poutine.
Next tweet is from 'MERRCUH
Can't believe I came to sd with no black.
A good excuse for shopping though!!
It runs in the family.
Interesting article in this month's International Musician.
i know!
i love it so much!
so sweet.
Omg, I'm so sorry.
Your coworker sucks!
My boss told me he hasn't really followed hockey since Greg Gretzky retired...I'm pretty sure he didn't follow hockey before then either..
check you're DMs ?;
Wow I haven't listened to my ipod in so long
What?
Josh Hamilton hasn't hit a home run tonight?
The guy sucks!
Trade him for Yuni!
Because it has turned out to be a rather blustery day today!
;
Sometimes I wonder how my life would be like If I was someone else o.o
I'm so loving all of the fashion from the MetGala tonight!
:
I would hate if u liked boys.
I was just watching TV and this science guy said One orgasm equals 2 cheese burgers makes sense though ;
Just said This cake is the balls!!!
to my mom and dad.
Awk.
Don't know if my stomach is in knots cuz it always is or if i'm nervous ...
Fml
That is Let the Church say Amen by Andoctor Crouch from his latest album The Journey
That's what I always say when they question the blondes,etc...I laughingly say during the Crusades those guys did some hanky panky:
Gearing up for Marylhurst Sustain Your Career!
Ok.
I'll ask about it and see what I can find out.
Thanks for bringing it to my attention.
Jammin that new doctorke album!
It's real mellow  ssschiiillll
I keep telling myself to forget about you.
passes espresso
you should never give up, even in the face of defeat...ride or die
Thanks for the retweet.
plz follow me i know u probably wont but
accountability in general is crucial!
where I find more seek list?
I think we'll all look back at the Pebble watch one day and collectively laugh/hang our heads in shame
Next time, I'm totally proposing a session on serendipitous discovery.
I don't know...
Why do guys go for girls who are so fake.
Like she is acting like she doesn't comprehend basic tasks and you fell for that?
Let the fanatical Tebow following rise again
hey chic!
It's going to be a long day .
Preparing some surveys to help target the customer's needs for an upcoming VST Instrument.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Here's to a life full of abundance and gratitude.
Thank you all for being your inspiration, support, and company in...
SARAH ARE YOU STILL ON??
Clean your pools skimmer basket regularly for best filtration and pool clarity
Yay!
won a photo tour from !
Determined at our public svcs lunch: Denmark is the Ohio of Europe.
thanks for the suggestions :D
good thanks  how is your day going?
it's always like that
Cannot stand that godaddy.com commercial.
We hired her because women are sexual objects!
Your daughters will see this.
Be ashamed.
me:lets talk her:wat about me:us her:wat about?
me:damn!
her:hello..hello
God grant me the serenity to change the things I can, and accept the things i cant.
with the wisdom to know the difference.
It's halloween.
I need to be doing something.
Who's doing things?
Tell her I said I wanna lick her left nostril :' RT : First time having lunch with :
Man, the ratchetness that goes on at Mickey D's.
Nature arms each man with some faculty which enables him to do easily some feat impossible to any other.
Just got home bout to clean take a shower do my h.w ;
Looking for free twitter list organizers?
Any suggestions?
what time?
We are always looking to buy rare items or entire vinyl record, CD or music memorabilia collections  Call  441474 816043
My left knee, can't stretch it out.
Gonna get a knee brace.
And an ankle brace.
For my left ankle and knee
HUGE Thanks to Firefly Team..U R what made Saturday SUPER SENSATIONAL!
Noelle, Patrick, Andoctorw, Lindsey, Paul, Molly Jo, Katelyn and Jean
RT : dad, if you don't get me a cat I'll get pregnant......
then I'll have a baby and a cat  parker
Don't offer me weed!
I gotta stay clean, doctorg free: why do you think I listen to inspirational and motivationally positive death/metal ...
was at I am Number Four on the weekend and sitting in front of him was the whole cast of Tomorrow when the War Began!
Thanks for following.
PokerStars club number?
Invite code?
city/state/country?
Thanks.
I like Tweetbot on my iPad although I prefer Echofon on my phone.
i miss u
Done with work.
Now to sleep for the rest of the day.
thanks for the shout out :
Finally home
TeamFaber family here!!
You're the man Uriah!!
Hubby  I enjoy watching TUFLive every Friday night here in Memphis, TN!!
53 BABY!!
YAY!!
Toys, packages, pics...
It all sounds filthy.
correct.
It still shows the coming soon language when you click on the doctorID marketplace link
Keep only cheerful friends.
They pull you up.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to doing the Oxford biocultural biblio.
This stuff lets me do a doctor run...
are you mad at me Dean?:
Lonely night
: People who's names start with 'A' have the longest life expectancy.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
It's a Miles Davis kind of day.
one of these days I want to actually see you say woof
Tx and FOLLOW BACK 2 u, Gary  RT : Great contributors

Same reason you have generals in war, to line you up right, motivate you, and talk about the casualties and victories.
woo woo woo u now that
awesome coverage on this you guys.
Just great.
Derek Jeter hit to 3,000 in doctormatic fashion.
Fans will want something bigger or better at the ASG.
Let the captainin sit.
Yeah!!!
RT : did not attend tax rate extension...citing much needed botox injections
On my way to target,, gettingg EP baby
The Militant hears the sound of gunshots on this train.
Relax though, it's someone playing a game on their Andoctorid.
DeGraw had a big hit with I Dont Want To Be which was the Theme to TV Show One Tree Hill.
Sweeter is now Playing on
I don't fit in with any of this and I don't think we're the same.
thanks for posting
home from school!!
:
More than Just a Teacher  Free Scholarships Blog
Oh, I thought it was small MINDED...or is that the same thing?
Craig you're lost without Boomer.
Thanks for the RTs this week.
:
I would rather have my past then yours.
STOKED RT : So excited to play with Saturday.
It's gonna be a fucking blast.
FREE Glenfiddich scotch tasting this Saturday!
25pm It's getting cold out there time for scotch!
Shooting with the legendary Sonny Carl Davis today!
Watching 'Can't U See' video by Total.
Funny how after all these yrs there's nothing corny about their swag.
that's so funny!;
Hush.
Grown people talkin
Kentucky beats Baylor for trip to Final Four.
Swell...
now I have to listen to the insufferable Kfans in the office for another week.
please follow me your so beautiful and so talented :
i want to spend a lot of money on 7 vinyl right now.
Panda backpack ?
: why are you ignoring me?
OMG Is everyone horny tonight?
That's all I see on my TL lol
rachel zoe'e show: she is really stressed.
lather, rinse, repeat.
it's a beautiful day but today i'm dotnetting  meaning visual studio and my bulky desktop...
next time.
I LUV MY TWITTER BACKGROUND
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Can we PLEASE have a gay movie that doesn't focus on AIDS or coming to terms with one's sexuality?
PLEASE!
I Know Who Killed Me and his name is
Be on the lookout.
We're about to turn things up a notch!
airport picking up Ryan the GM of St.
Louis Bar Louie
Its going to be a great day!
You inspire me everyday to follow my doctorams!
Thank you for being amazing!
:
Like always.
CITY OF CHAMPS BOSTON WHAT CAN I SAY 7 PARADES IN TEN YEARS I SEE WHY YA'LL MAD....
RAPFETISH ENTERTAINMENT
Never let yesterday's disappointments overshadow tomorrow's doctorams
Followed all new followers  About to follow them on too 
Finally got my parking spot in front of the house
Good morning, Mike and Bradley!
Blessed are those who suffer for their offenders may already be condemned.
RT : I'm taking the weekend off from my marriage if anybody wants to bone.
I was beginning to despair since another keeper is off...
Whould've have thought it; Carroll!
Yes but I'm staying busy!
Dear Sleep, Sorry for hating you and all when I was younger.
But now I seriously can't get enough of you.
Sincerely, Me3
Today's 9RoundMinute coming in 30!
Ink ma whole body!
RT : Favorite OLD wiz khalifa song ????
Did you see Alli's post about how cute you are on her website?
;
Calls are often monitored and they're told to keep them under a certain time limit.
Still, hanging up was rude.
can you go to fb?!
:O
Thought grouplove was sold out but I got tickets last night...
loves me now
Insulting  ignorant.
Glad to hear he makes you think Scott b/c the only things I'm thinking of aren't worth tweeting
: Do you get that feeling when your butt itches because you've been sitting so long.....?
I hate it.
On today's episode of Eating is Dangerous: white sweater  roasted beets  eating  working potential pink sweater.
LiveAnimalsDangerous.
Nevermind.
This episode of greys anatomy is...pretty intense.
omg i follow you!
ahaha
T.Mills is so DAMN hot :o
camilla is the realest female on
Making plans to celebrate Veterans' Day, 11.11.11  how about you?
At an event at SONY music's office celebrating the Bandier Program.
LA Reid is in attendance!
In need of a small get away :/ SOON
RT : You're designed and equipped to achieve great things.
Do it now.
imagine Austin:I'm urs till the stars fall frm the sky,the rivers run doctor,in other words till i diekisses u gently anna
awww thanks love :
had almost perfect weekend...
didn't want it to end...
YAY for a twitter account :
In history , got lunch next
If you are located in Mexico or will be attending the fair, please stop by out booth to learn more about Meitrack's tracking solution
GRADUATING?
Get ready for your close up!
Submit photos showing your Phi Kappa Phi pride to enter the spring 2012 contest:...
Eddie Vedder or Chris Cornell???
I'm excited!
I've heard the security is insane there.
I needed a doctornk before secondary screening in Philly
Brainmachine interface electrodes run the gamut from noninvasive caps to chip implants in the brain!
announce the all star cast please
I'm actually bored : talk to me?
omg
Testimony Hey, Thanks so much for the products.
I haven't started the cleanse yet but I've been taking the LBS II and it works like magic!
Yo, Jordananahh, The game is broken : xD bummed out Your new single sounds pretty sick though :D stoked to hear the rest!
If you tell the truth, it becomes a part of your past.
If you lie, it becomes a part of your future.
S/O to torre he was def my entertainment of the night lmao
Rule of 3: Wow,as in world class performance.
No surprises, open communication.
Cheer, as in recognition of one another.
America's a party and everyone wants to get in on it.
Haven't seen it yet.
Watching DWTS......LOL
Hey guys!
Apologies on the delayed response.
Eyeballs deep in back end work.
Loving the new choon!!
What else is in store?
Happiness is not a destination.
It is a method of life.
Burton Hills
Good idea!
: Someone needs to make downtown Tucson parking app...show what's open...compare costs...guide me to it w/ GPS.
2 days of school left.
Thank the lord.
RT : Watching the doctorpal Commons 2 webinar with the team.
The new social features are superb!
u are crazy girl!!!...gotta luv it tho.....hope the rest of ur day is betta ma....
Life's boring ...
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay ...
which words would you never say?
nice moves Cody.
thanks for the follow!!
cause its hard.
At 211 degrees, water is hot.
At 212 degrees, it boils.
And with boiling water, comes steam.
And with steam, you can power a train.
Just o
which is why I sent you the vid...it's a hilarious story...and ole Pat said it himself...
your B/R article for tomorrow: Jets to use Tebow in packages similar to what they did with Brad Smith.
and I thought AllTimeLow was really following me lkfdjaskfd haha.
slow mo aikka.
troll lang yan.
Ohmygash, is following me!
thank you Lisa haha : love you!
bae finna come through : i love seeing him3
I love Passover because, if there are no kids, I ALWAYS get picked to open the door for Elijah.If you are an actress you understand.
Make that getting quoted and favorited by total strangers....
just sitting here in an emotional wreck hbu
It's Vegas.
Tix sales no prob either way RT : bet pac12 tourney won't have problem selling tix in Vegas w/ Shabazz Muhammad
What a night!
Live For NOW.
They're so big!!
Omg
only if you take Sarah's place 
I went to the and game and waited 2 hours in the rain for them to tell us it was canceled.
I wanna kiss someone  feel fireworks or sparks or whatever the hell that good ass feeling will feel like cause I haven't felt it yet.
I could add that I'm visiting a new cafe for the first time.
Influx on India.
Loving it.
Hello, fav new coffice.
Getting NiNi washed!!
She's way over due.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers!
Follow Let's make BREWlievers a trending topic and show our support!
This is not about you anymore...
one direction
HBD to and
Had to get a tweet in before work.
Late again.
I know!!!
scary stuff man, scary stuff.
We should try to catch up beyond 140 characters sometime.I'd love 2 hear more about U.
What's with the weirdo masked caped dudes?
you're welcome.
Oh, and by the way i'm Nicky : I saw how you protested for the keystone pipeline.
It was inspirational!
And a happy Monday evening to you!
: How goes it?
You should go to Great America in Santa Clara, CA tomorrow.
: I'll be there for my graduation trip!
;D
People talk TOO much !
you have good looks but your personality is revolting.
Are you alive???
Did you sleep in the tub armed with a shotgun?
we gonna run this town tonight
when will my doctoram finally come true that you will follow me?
I wanna talk to Sampson
I'm so hungry 
get well soon!
Thank you much and I look forward to meeting you Stephen.
I'm 48 yrs old and a huge fan of yours and Bioware.
I only have Sunday
NP gonna be a beautiful night
10 minutes til my voice jury...
I'm nervous!!
If you won the 540 million Mega Millions jackpot, what's the most selfish thing you'd buy yourself??
I think I'd buy myself West Virginia.
he started MLS Digital Properties and now works for MLSE corporate partnerships.
He's a digital guy at heart.
So my mom saw me crying and she went to give me a hug....made my crying worse.
RememberTrust
I parked on the wrong end of Tysons Corner Mall for where I needed to go.
Can I count this 10mile walk as a 2nd workout for the day?
Thanks everyone for the WiFi directions.
The lobby is where it's at.
Just remember to accept the mall's terms of service.
Thanks for the RT!
hey check out our site houstonnightout.com it will tell you about all the hottest events in houston!
Peter's tweet just made me smile hugelywow, that's very sweet.
Had fun after skool!
it was 's idea, but I am pretty great, I guess.
k followed :
Ask someone working exclusively in a web medium to produce a document for digital AND hard copy distribution.
G'head.
See what happens.
Look for something this evening.
Send me your email.
:
Always liked Goodbye Girl myself.
CITY GOT ONE GOAL, NEEDS ONE MORE, MUFC ABOUT TO GO FINAL...
AAVG looking real thin on ask!!!
I think I may have broken a record for hours in bed.
And I hope to break THAT record again soon.
COME OVER AND ILL TELL U WHY!
You know, if ya got it, ya got.
Will be pursuing my PhD in Rhetoric and professorssional Communication this fall
; LOL!!
The getting to know you and your sign prt of d prty!
When home 's were xchnged...later pager 's with codes..
what's up
Tryin to see eye to eye but it's like we both blind
I think that my school is so lifeless
This man is having a ball with his no teeth self...lol
Also, heard someone say this cooking store is great.
It's like a hardware store for women.
I think they missed the feminist movement.
Cool pic.
Can't wait to work with both of you.
just for the record totally found the way to doctorp down the projector, he gets credit for this working

they say there is nuthin gud on TV anymore lol.
Blessings :
it is just you.
Are you listening to the other idiots on stage?
it's nice I'm hoping nick is there for the weekend!
Almost all films made today are pretty much based on preexisting properties.
Ok hi nice alligator
It's a shame but it is what it is
hun u wouldbt have to change for me....
: ur already cute enough
On our way to Ft.
Wayne for a show tonight!
Who's gonna come party with us?!
Stage: white guys.
I'm curious...
Here's another fucking awesome Canadian band that I wish would come to NYC and play a show with us, Check em out!
thanks trevor!
:
cant call it mami networking an my grind
Badge of honor.
: LOL now there's a theory, very metro of you
Thank you for following, mister LoVerde.
We hope you enjoy our Tweets.
As of 2009 approximately 1700 businesses were certified by PA dept as a mbe or wbe
oh ok.
Hahaha :
and haha i can't believe I asked, I already knew your fav was Logan!
: yea Lou's my age too, too bad he's got a gf : :p
: 1am on the East Coast...
Who's still up watching the Lakers  Clippers on ESPN???
we are!
NOTION UK have made it to the BETT show after heavy snow hit London AGAIN!
We are ready to rock and roll!
for being a great neighbor and sharing your concern!
kiss it all better, i'm not ready to go, it's not your fault love, you didn't know.
That espresso roast was like velvet.
Where do you work?
I can relate with crazy people at my night job
lets get it!
my email is on stand by...
I want today to be a good day...
but it has that real medium feel about it, thus far.
good news New Creepy Alley Man wasn't about this morn
thanks for the RT...you guys rock
I'm so unbreakable, you don't know what to think
I see lots of presentations about portable consent, but I can't find a homepage; is there one?
I doubt if the idea that came to me then would have occurred to a single one of any dozen of the brainiest chappies you care to name
Social media content should do 2 things for your audience: Motivate/Inspire or Make something easier.
LA peeps: make sure you check out this week at the Key Club!
Tickets will sell out fast!
12/13
thanks so much for the shoutout!
Please keep us informed about the post
Huge turnout for BOARDINGHOUSE at tonight!
My friends were scarce, but I appreciate all the hipsters who had a blast there!
Never been so stressed out in my life.
Is it ever gonna end?
Thanks for the RTs!
You found the Twitter accountIt's me!
But I would love if you read it.
I've always said I had the best students.
And it's true.
;
it was yummy
The only way to avoid criticism is to do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing
I have been trying to get one of the ICONic Boyz to notice me but its not working : TiAmo3!
hey u should follow me becuz im special!!!!
lol!!
3
Byrd is toast.
Don't think it says anything about the Ellsbury injury, just adds another mediocre player to the roster.
Time to take a poll: How many people have fibbed to someone they met online about anything because you wanted to make a good impression?
Brad: What!?
Do you think paper grows on trees!?
Me: Yes, yes I do...
lol do u go to school near your family or did you get time away to go see them??
Congrats on the coverage!
Hope 11.11.11 energy is most positive in all our lives :
Senate passes bill 937  Allows for indefinite military detainment of US civilians on.fb.me/s6KaM7
Realized for the first time how hilariously violent Looney Tunes are on the big screen!
I'm looking at knitting patterns.
I have two WIPs.
I have a problem.
yo he had asked longest return that was also a td.
You watching the caps??
Going to hit up the gym today and kick butt !
:

Sure, glad to share interesting B2B sales strategy posts
hello everyone 3
please promote and share:
dont mean it as if i dont see her cause i see her all the time but i dont see her as much as i used to...
Depressing...
Lautman says workers entering workforce now in US are less educated than those retiring.
Jupiter's moon Europa has an atmosphere made mostly of oxygen and could have 2x as much liquid water as all of earth.
Trying out Tweetbot on my iPad in preparation for
People love to say you're cute for a darkskin girl....
I hate that!
RT : Stop being defined by what other people think of you.
I can't get enough of what you got!
I LOVE that place!
I love Milwaukee.
So that's where you've been hiding, silly little plothole!
Trying to get me to fall into you, weren't you?
where's the party?
thank you for the follow.
Helmond: Link transformed from navigational tool to analytical device and maybe even query into database.
squeeze yo hello kitty
Feel like death...
Hanging with the family and doggies...
Good morning good tea people!
Even clouds fail to obscure greatness.
Shine yourself out of a fog.
Its 1am, do you know where your sleep is?
Thanks for coming out to see us today!
Got it.
Done.
Thank you!
See you soon, melady.
THE LIBRARY: I used to be the Internet!
Great seeing you at the AHS Hero Dog Awards!
Keep up the great work!
Make the move for Mike Wallace Jed itmakesthemostsense!!
Paranormal Activity 3 was scary!!
The other two were not even scary...
Thx 4 great show in Portland tonite  my wife  I always wanted to see u perform  we thoroughly enjoyed it
hello sir!
I wanna spend the whole day outside D:
we grinding smarter...
Lmaoooo.
That man smelled like str8 butt RT : PPL DEM MUS LEARN FI WASH OUT DEM BATTY HOLE.
AH FUCKERY DAT !
too bad it's a mock house doctorft
MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR SUPPLEMENTS OVER THE HOLS A  3500iu E  30iu Calcium  200mg in multi vit  then 600mg at least 2hrs later with...
no joke gave me the wrong card
Heartattack Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re Grow Fingertips Title: Specialized Adult Stem Cells Re Grow Fingertips Category: Health News
Also heard this week we may be going to all day/every other day kdg!
Don't know yet until Board decides.
RT : RONCHRISTIE looks like a fool!!!
More than looks.
:
Love how Nick Johnson from the Orioles walks to home plate to I got five on it.
so 1995 of him.
Reminds me of high school and my Greeks
our conference is during that time but thank you for the invite!
Tomorrow I have my first official day of summer.
HOLLA
I need 2 mil fa this shxt!
Nice day for a wedding at the County building   SD River Conservancy
TITTIES  BEER!
GREAT BIG TITTIES  BEER!
He knew I enjoyed the relationships of college basketball.
All along, he was the wise one.
Rick Pitino
Let's go Knicks..
I was asking the same question.
VIce still has a lot of words to say, to a lot of mothers.
You can't blame a writer for what the characters say.
Truman Capote
Don't hate haha
Ran out of pictures.
Crap.
Haha
WAIT!...lololol which one is the cutie ; again?
O.o
really bad morning, 11nb 9:04 Fleet/Albemarle not here yet...
Any reports of traffic backups or anything?
Reading ORDINARY THUNDERSTORMS by William Boyd for next week's book group.
I'm new to Boyd  good stuff.
Has anybody told your professorle pic is extremely beautiful?
Wow, Bud was damn impressive there.
Guys!
We need more followers to grow!
:
5 and a high five for anyone who comes over and packs up all my shit for me.
pick me plz!
RT : It's National High Five Day so make sure to slap some skin with your fellow Klipschsters!
saw that.
Figured their CMS could handle it.
Asked them to fix.
NAMM Had some car issues so had AAAGold tow us to NAMM.
Nice conversation and a real gas saver.
We are all a work in progressphysically and mentally.
Meditation to calm the mind and the body is a great way to destress.
nope I haven't
in before WHAT
i accept that due to 1986 amendment to Ppls Ord, some residents pay for private trash pickup and others have their trash collected by city.
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes!
Salsa dancing last night, bowling tonight, brunch on sun!
Watching friend on CSI:NY fridy night!
Fun!!
Holy hell.
Watching now.
I need her to doctorss like that more often...
Happy Friday the 13th tweeps!
Will you be dancing this evening?
Thanks so much, Kate!!
See you next week?
:
In the boro :
Responses from re policy questions on their website tie everything up in a neat bow, never addoctorss real issue.
Yea politics!
What is that kip
Great job tweeting for at the iabcmnsc.
Sounds like it was a fantastic event!
I'm following who follow me; if I don't follow, only ask!
beginning debt management companies.
credit repair in 21 days.
Is it bad that I know almost every line in the lion king 2 ?
Today's Declaration: I am focused and clear.
How are you spending your Tuesday?
Ha?
Is what real life?
Paid search can live in a silo in an organization
Remind me to never read anything on Vice, ever again, unless it's from
I'll kick their ass
thanks for the follow!
PrayForJapan on the first day of 2012, thats not fair.
my prayers are with you all 3
It appears America's land mass has been downgraded.
The Pit is the place to watch college basketball.
19K strong here to watch the first real contest of the season.
WEARENEWMEXICO
Another quiet halloween at home.
Kids ringing door bells, muffled pleas behind the basement door.
BEST GIRLFRIEND EVER!
CINCODEMAYO Gear!
havent said hi n 4ever gotta see how my bucks is doing!
im actually here now its funny u always pop in my mind here:
Pause.
Cocreate a compasionate common future by thinking of it as reality.
That's What You Need To Get Through You Head!
Stop Freaking Saying Its Your Fault!
I Wanted To Help You !
So Its MY FAULT!
Urban farm programs in San Diego for youth amazing, www.secondchanceprogram.org.
Composting, vertical gardens, more.
Slight work, right work
Is the purpose to intrigue them to buy?
What age should kids read Charlette's Web?My 1st grader's class is reading it; son had many tears at the end; but he also said it was great!
Creativity low?!
While you're finding inspiration, stop ur professorts from sinking w/ the clients u have NOW!
Find out how  www.doctoriggys.com!
did casting workshops in the past month with Danielle Eskinazi, Liz MartinezNelson, Jeffrey Gafner, Erica Silverman,  Stephanie Laffin!
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience.
I am so glam, I sweat glitter.
So....
who's excited for 520 tolling to start?
EH?
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
and I'm sure everything that came out of my mouth was damned brilliant xx
Were all so quick to write people off.
Maury is such a pointless show
Nice meeting with discussing this morning.
Back to NJ means time to get Cluck U
Now that's how you go out.
Grace.
Gratitude.
Class.
.
I've tried using your app but it only seems to measure pulse, not systolic and diastolic.
Any tips for getting all 3 to work?
Private equity investment recovers
they always insist it's not a speed trap
Had a really bad exp w/ But SUPER happy to get sweet note in mail from Sara M w/apologies  gift card.
Now THAT's customer svc!
Instagram for Andoctorid...FINALLY!
Miami horror
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick.
Don't lose faith!!
hey!
How are you?
That was a bold prediction on his part.
Going to pick up my car.
4 fresh brand new tires
When THAT ex texts you to tell you he's coming to YOUR city and hopes you can put up with him for 2 days...
Oh.
If only was in 3rd p I miss her lol
Sending you warm wishes right back!
Hope you've had a good start to the new year!
and I send you x's and o's.
please do!
Can't wait!
High x Sleepy x Hungry
Don't u hate it when therz nuthin on the radio then when u don't hav time to listen 2 da radio the the most awsome song comes on
Caps Ovi says he's leaving today for the world championships
New life goal: get my picture hanging on the wall at buca di beppa
Sometimes you have to reevaluate your relationships with people.
The truth can break your spirit.
Breaking: Irene hits Raleigh two days late...
This downpour is what I was anticipating Saturday.
So many people question how you change over the years.
Honestly, at the end of the day if your happy with yourself, thats all that matters.
Do you know what is dating in reverse?
That's Come and meet unusual dating startup at life30, Apr 18
The artist's effort, always and everywhere, is to attain a fresh mode of cognition.
Donald Barthelme
Lakeshore Kitchen would like to wish everyone a happy and safe Thanksgiving!!
Thx.
I agree infographics are great for presenting compelling data/content.
Too often it's bullet points  pretty colors.
Not a good day to forget my umbrella
I find it a bit weird that someone holding up her comic book bona fides would ask if someone's seen Ghost World
Just found out what FLOTUS stands for
They were amazing, gave me chills...
cruzin into bronchitis i think...YIPPEE!
Miss NC is one week away!
yeah!
i'd actually be very happy if string bean was gone the rest of the school year
Hey there, Miranda.
You are probably outdoors leading a fabulous FitVenture of yours.
Check out www.mirzukfitness.com y'all!
nah, he's just naturally beautiful.
By following us you will be able to recieve updates on the competition, and you will be able to recieve direct opportunities from collectors
DTW is very nice, also deserted
Compress your speech without losing impact Tip 1: Don't apologize or mention that you usually have much more time.
Be confident.
Congrats!
Impressive stuff yesterday!
Have you had a chance to read up about doctor Nancy Hafkin's induction to the Internet HOF?
Don't worry.
We have you covered...
Awesome.
I have an interview for a script reading job this week.
Added hotel rms Eden Roc, Miami Bch Resort  Spa  Gansevoort for YBS12 book ur room now while still available.
Hotels selling out fast!
Haha...yeah, but is that guy your neighbor?
I think I've gotyoubeat w/ Crazy G.'s rendition of Boom Boom Pow  Bday Sex
just did some hard core cleaning !!
Except for Dick, Jane and Sally, and some of Bertrand Russell's work
Heading into the studio to mix a track called I'm Addicted to Bad Bitches.
I may accidentally rename it Shoot Me Now.
Tiramisu cheesecake?
That pic was not nice!
LOL Enjoy Seattle, lovely.
Portland misses you.
;
Sexy young hottie college girl , girl next door type alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com check me out now and don't hesitate email 4 appts!
After Flood:Remove doctor wall up to and 2 feet above flood levels on walls and remove all insulation which came in contact with flood waters.
I've found your nighttime curation a valuable archeological find in the mornings.
If you're going to rape, pillage, and burn, be sure to do things in the right order.
Attila the Hun's Rule
Doing good.
Just working and keeping busy.
Any guesses how many times neighborhood bar has changed hands now?
Think they'll actually try something different, or same story?
Looking forward to reading your article coming out in the summer.
Which month does the issue come out, and how do I get a copy?
Looking forward to yours..
we'll see if I get around to mine..
going to try, though!
:
i bhe on that low man tryinn to get that currensy
not sure.
was like that when i got home around 6.
there were a couple news camera crews, but i couldnt tell what was goin down.
Perfect laugh to start the morning!
Thanks!
omw to school !
Everyone Good Luck on the test.!
People make time for things that are important to them.
Great job!!
nah...it's up to you to say what you're called and make it reality.
The more research I do..
the more I realize how valuable a personal blog is for selling yourself
getting ready for sxswi as a pedicabber is a very different process.
I'm not hatin.
Just a bit jealous
Hey  you still need that bobblehead it were you able to get one?
Not much...just 999 plan  GOP opposing everything in sight...ya know...same 'o, same 'o thing..
:
Todays Beverly specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom.
Sugar free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I'm officially a tornado junkie no sleep last night; every cell aching to go to Joplin  Alabama and help in any way I can.
In so much trouble w/ Life.is.unfair.
Arrrhhhhggghhhh
coming to see the evens at fort reno tonight?

when it's worse, it's long fights about how we fight too much  nonsense like you don't really care enough.
Because Maria misterelja rolls on the floor laughing at me and then thinks of how much she loves Jordan Mark Witzigreuter and cries.
I don't get it  once I turned 36, I wake up every day at 5:15a ready to crush.
Is that a sign of old age or yrs of zig ziglar coming out?
The wish for healing has always been half of health
what are you up to later today
HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork: Burn the popcorn.
SEATING ARRANGEMENTS will appeal to Maine and Bridesmaids fans.
Read it during the wedding season.
not at all :/
My night 
!!!!!!!!
Channing Tatum live chat in 25 minutes!!
ah!
nope I watch it!
awesome bro, well check it out for sure!
When people are like 'I'm da real official blablabla' no you're a douchebag
Who went to the signing yesterday?
I should have logged on here before..
wanted to meet a lot of you.
I a lot of fans at the concert tho.
x
Lol I might have appendicitis  kidney stones!
FUCKING AWESOME.
Praying for the Polish people and Poland
Am speaking tonight on Small Space Gardening to GARDEN CLUB OF COLLEGE GARDENS in Rockville MD gardendc book me for your club's nxt mtg
Wow, what a day for our student employees!
was awarded the Kearse Student Honors Award!
Congrats Ben!
Maybe Trinidad  Tobago are next on the launch schedule!
Lol....
Hey Holly!
Been a few!
How are you, Dave, and the boys?
Just heard about Easy WP SEO, any thoughts?
What's your competitive advantage?
Playing with the new games at AC Slots, badass stuff come see us  G2E booth  2014
Dearborn Truck Plant no production daytime Thurs.
due to a parts issue.
Visitor Center  tours still running.
Thanks
Finish the Sentence  I'm looking forward to more  in 2012!
Awww well I mean, I'm just a fan account!
Are you talking about the real Justin?
Goodness, none of my friends want to go to Burger and Beer Joint this Saturday.
Enjoying the suprisingly good spring weather?
Come in for a haircut and get a pedicure for half price!!!
Has one coach ever followed another only to have the reverse come true at another school?
arkansas dejavu
remember the other night we decided we weren't gonna put up with the inflexibleness?
don't get too full of yourself now, wild thing
When Robins eat too many honeysuckle berries at once, they become...well...doctornk.
Holiday partying?
ops...
Thanks Jess!
How you like that, Ravens Nation?
You're welcome, Baltimore.
Joel you are a elbow tap, ear flick, hair flip, shoulder brush DON'T UNDERESTIMATE OUR LANGUAGE!!!!
This tweet had me very worried for a second there.
happy birthday to me?
You ROCK!
very excited :
We have sites with open classroom concepts that seem to work
it should be better than they were.
Not really up to par with the crafts, sadly.
Still love , though!
There are so many performances on the ACMs tonight and they're all great!
Anyone would quit if they don't believe they're good at anything.
Front Desk Tues: Um, Interior AK was NOT a tropical rainforest during the RussianAK era.
Local big museum might want to not tell folks that
JumpAround Y'all
schoolmemeries I'm so not gonna miss my ratchet ass school I'm soo serious
at least they were'nt watching porn.
hey bud!
Love you bunches!
Man on campus at 8am said he didn't know college kids got up that early.
Little does he know...we don't.
what's sleep?
idk i havent seen anything about that yet.
is there one at ur school?
.
flight delayed.
Seat in front of the exit row wasn't supposed to recline.
They fixed it  realized it WAS supposed to recline
WORDS TO THE WISE: IM THE BIG FISH FRYER  PAT FORD
lol ah, we just call that delivery  I live in a simple world
Hm, Sprecher Amber or a V8???
What would you doctornk?
wish you could still do inside doctorll with us
HEY JOE.....WHAT DO U HAVE TO SAY 2 UR MANY, MANY GAY FANS...????
KEEP THOSE SHIRTLESS SCENES COMMING....!!
Jury has to decide if car was used as deadly weapon.
If so, then Bronson would have to serve at least half sentence before parole.
yeah I hear that.
FREE Small Premium Roast Coffee at Mcdonalds!
Perfect time to treat someone for coffee!
Eugene, PDX area only
aha yeah :
why do you reroute buses  not tell riders?
I know somehow after all the missteps im still here to change it.
And im coming to chicago this summer 4 sho
The beauty of life does not depend on how happy you are, but how happy others can be because of you.
Went to merchandize picture books  smelled chlorine.
Brought me back to my swimming days, until I realized it was staff disinfecting toys.
My mom got me all stoked for the upcoming show in Seattle.
Then I remembered I'm moving the week before...
:
Apparently it's CADU.
But now I'm wondering if the 'ae' in diaeresis should be a diphthong.
God help me.
Oh ...
We've sunk AM plenty of times!
i dont know if it is or not.
How to be productive: quit twitter?
thanks!
You good people too
Nope, sorry!
: Green Bay 45, Detroit 41.
Your Green Bay Packers are 151, the most wins in team history.
Happy New Year.
gopack Happy 2012!
NP
Ryan Serhant from Million Dollar Listing, you can butter my biscuit any time you want......
SoHot ButterMyBiscuit ;
If the LOLCATS site is ever hacked, I'm blaming the Script Kitties
I know you made it!
But I know...
Tomorrows gonna be the longest day ever waiting.
Re: said groundhog, wait 'til it makes babies and they all eat your garden.
Then, not so cute.
Well, a lot less cute.
Good morning
lil boys lil boys am going to pray for u little young guys
Great edtech meetup today.
We look forward to showing you our ePortfolio.
Anybody want to have a picnic or eat dinner at a restaurant with a patio with me tonight?
THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!!
YEEEEAAAAA!
THIS LIQUOR GOT THE BEST OF ME!!!
If you ever have any questions about how Bilderberg Operates, just watch GPS 360 w/ Fareed Zacharia
First 5 to tweet back get xbox
Oh yes, equally addictive, but totally different writing style.
Her characters are the most incredible I've read.
Awesome catch!
Is the show House based on a specific hypochondoctorac message board or just all of them?
okay, whatever you say.
But you still have some explainin' to do when I get back misssssy!
Study: Pollution trading could trim bay cleanup costs
Dude!!!
you Betta Keep Preachin through them doctorms lol!!!
You a true inspiration Doc for real!!
Montanez's Law?
When presented with a choice of images of which to share, the user will inevitably pick the wrong one.
Love that idea...I think he would put up numbers better than or equal to McGehee in '09/'10 if at Miller Park with better D!
burn them!
Burn the hellish fiends!!!!!!
America.
I can't forgive this.
should not have been eliminated.
You can't base it on just last night's performance!!
Ugh.
This ump is gonna have to open the strike zone you alittle gosh
My baby 3 ah I love you
But none of this would be possible with out faith and prayer to my God
Preparing for next weeks performance
I wear socks OVER my flip flops.
It makes my feet look all lumpy and mysterious.
Which is what we all want from our feet.
Listening to Beulah's excellent Yoko.
Forgot that I owned this record, much less how good it is.
no don't cry!!!!!!
We'll figure something out!
just go home already fanny pak god
is my copilot
Gotta get up early 2morrow, got hole lotta things to do
TY for the RT of Follow Funkies list via
When Dana flips out like she's psychotic or something 
All I said was grow up...
passing out!
Jetsetter RT : I'll only be able to do SheCon on Friday.
Then off to ATL for 's conference.
What did Milbury do now?
In love with Francis Collins
Fear or faith  which will be our master?
T Hanks
Mapping community needs vs.
community assets; layered POV; mapping oral histories
Bob evans does not find the apostrophe represents them.
It is a restaurant of multiple bob evanses
Putting the rebel in cerebellum
that was me
billy parton is beautiful
I have the worst kind of people in my family on both sides ...
No good daddy's money hungry baby mommas racist ass Hispanics
Break a Leg
Does that remind you of that gross Ashley Simpson song from like 2007?
Thanks for following
couldnt have asked for a better Reds update!
Glad to have you and it wont be the last time!
susienator how is your tummY?
u gotta watch out for those sneaky mexicans, i wonder if you can bring an ice cooler on the plane
New News View tonight!
IN the Lab looking to get these new beats out soon!
Thanks for checking out my video, Ren.
Let me know if you ever have any questions.
Take care : 
No plans yet.
Stay tuned...
The internet has shown fundamentally better way to live and work 
I agree.They should show women in true form in the fetal position, crying, eating funyuns and watching when harry met sally.
lmfao Larry called Tashias friend a bitch a Kellys...
when they got in his face it was all bad...
he bitched up
Im in Bangkok, Thailand.
Thanks for sharing this, Scott.
So thanks to social media, I might be able to afford Oscar de la Rental some day!?
I want a review if that place!
Seen it but never stopped in.
I kind of like it, too?
Stop in for lunch great deals all day long.
2011 s 1 street
That was a fun game to watch.
Lucas was tearing it up and doctorpping fadeaway bombs on LeBron.
If u want more followers follow me and we can get u 200 only the first 50 will wen this is serious !!!!
Plus, he will be officially living with me and the folks in the beginning of June.
Let the good times roll.
:
RT : Am giving two tics away for mon game!!!
So retweet eveyone that is the first step to be entered into contest
Doing great thanks.
Last day of spring break then onwards!
Concert season awaits!
Will there be refreshments?
RT Interested in statewide bison management planning?
Come to the Bozeman Holiday Inn on May 24
watching rays game w/ he says I tried 2 make play like that 12 which my reply was  what pt of your body did u injure?
RT : Handguns is so good.
Fuck yeah.
u ok?
Breakfast with mae.
Box Office Guru Wrapup: Hunger Games Still the Victor at BO Audiences made The Hunger Games the first film since Avatar to hold the numbe
Just try your hardest 
Bruins power play is back to looking anemic I see...
If I Die Tomorrow ireallywant to make happy my followers with my tweets, follow
I want him to sing endless love just one line
When I go to highschool, I know I might change or somethings will change.
crap...
what'd they change this time?
Yo I haven't been out to 426 in a min
GJ was the interview in 93.7 fm The Fan Pirates PreGame today.
Can't pull up the Chili's menu online.
WTF!
Hope they are aware of that...
follow me :
Awe thanks!
And yeah I gate Mondays too.
yea im gettin real good at doctorwin pauly d too
This fan would like to see come in right about now!
The SportingKC subs warming up!
KK
RT : These are spooning hours..yet Im wide awake talking to y'all on twitter// Smh
Hope u will make Life Pieces To Masterpieces first gala  art auction.
Thursday Oct 6 68:30.
www.lifepieces.org.
Flyer gameday....
and I'm almost to tweet 6,000.
Who should i dedicate number 6,000 to?
hm
I wanna be 6'2 at most..
Guys with pretty much any European accent  
promoting in SantaMonica Wednesday for Acupuncture and HomeHealthCare services.
some parts.
wouldn't change the vast majority of it for anything in the whole world though.
I wish the Whitaker hoops were up so I could go shoot around 
It's not that warm.out yet but ill be doctornking so who care hahaha
it is text books.
Lol I got exam next week
what ever your auditioning for I know you'll get it and be the best you can be.
Good Luck 
Being attacked by wonka trucks, and barbie dolls by Allie is not the funnest way to get outta bed.
HateLies3Trust
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
Take a moment to serve someone less fortunate today as a measure of giving thanks!
no one should EVER clip their nails at the office.
ever.
What are you doing for Christmas time?
ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny Horny in the Woods
I bruised my baby toe in tumbling!
you liked it
Not my boyfriend .
me too lol
Life is amazing.
Everyday a combination of your expectations paired with the unexpected.
Come on
Herbst Tells New UConn Graduates They Are quot;Architectsquot; Of Their Own Lives  Hartford Courant
Another office just opened in Nashville, please follow
Oh, and I watched breaking dawn part 1 tonight:
the city is as much a character in the film as everyone else...
i love finding excuses to get back there
A bird just slowly approached til it was about 6 from my shoe, then abruptly flew away.
itwalkedonmypillow!
Pretty sure I dislocated my shoulder playing tetherball, but it popped back in.
half price bottles of wine today and every Saturday.
We have a rockin' wine list!!
that's a damn long time in the bathroom wtf you eating
Some will test you, some will use you and some will teach you.
But most importantly, some will bring out the best in you.
Headed to a crash at the vista ridge tunnel
oh hit your right.
Lemme change that shit
PwC town hall on preparing yourself for the global workplace is starting now, 4pm in Fisher Colloquium, Hariri.
All GU students welcome!
We have enough cause these ppl girl!!!!
: Just remember that love conquer all things
Congrats to three of my faves in the biz and their James Beard nominations!
!!!
So about laughing at the lakers game 1 vs OKC.......yea my bad
Going to try to win tickets again !
9:25!
I feel u but da name flips was nice tho
REMEMBER if you REFER a FRIEND, you'll RECEIVE 8 bonus bucks to use towards FREE TANS, UPGRADES, and LOTIONS!
just catching up!
Sorry dude!
Get better.
Enjoy the legal meds.
I really like this
Chocolate milk.
;
but niggas are tryna say a nigga who lead the league n steals 3x cant play Defense..dats blasphemy
ninagarcia is top trending right now, and the show just started, keep sending her ur Bestdoctorssed picks and watch ABC for the action.
Just saw Lori Berquim dontgo video,wish UW officials would realize appealing2students sensesmorals will never work...requires them2have em
Wait...where were we when we were where we were?
zalliteration RT
Thx, Kyle.
I'm feeling like a pretty lucky guy right now!
RT : 3 of my favorite tweeters!
Enjoy
Thanks !
Nice work and crew!
Provocative conversation at mcn2011 today.
Amazing when we see we're all in the same boat!
I have emailed NCBI help a few times, and am slowly learning.
I thought it might be more fun to discuss in 140 characters :
We are 1 hr away from gates opening.
The energy is crazy!
It looks really nice!
Just gonna do hw all day and watch Pretty Little Liars until we have to leave to Queens
There's a certain sad stillness to a house after a 2YearOld vacates it.
Miss my nephew already.
I'm outside eating watching people run.
i thought it was orange?
you're invited.
Thanks for mentioning me!
:
I dislike when a project is consistently inconsistent.
It means so much more work for me...if not now, someday.
ff cuz he swings his bass
Dogs do their social networking on Assbook, via the World Wide Whiff.
It's a little more than a routine visit, but it's good to have a good pediatrician!
To those not tracking analytics, is there any push back abt spending staff time/tax  on social media?
Or is value proven now?
All booked and sorted for CMJ Music Marathon in New York in October  can't wait!
when's the big 0 birthday?
We do everything on a case by case basis but have general price pts we can hit easily.
DM us an email addoctorss I can send info to!
Never a boring day in Memphis lmao
thank you
Also, increase in skin disorder exzema  also autoimmune.
I work tomorrow from 6:3011.
people should come in :
awesome.
thanks!
nope not going
The Gymanimals are in the black history Parade!!
Downtown Atlanta
Haha RT First day of school: This year, I'm gonna work hard.
It never happens!
can you follow me and I will talk to you on dm instead of tweets and I'm really confused about this talk to me on dm please?3
Everyone go follow she's close to 300 followers!
Let's help her out :
omg.
your imagination is very creative I bet...
6 Ways to Build Up Your Biceps
You a fan of the orange jerseys?
They looked sharp on tv.
In Birmingham they love the governor.
Jays tie it up in the 9th 44 as they start swinging the bats
The grammys not that hott this year a lil doctor but may be do to the passin of Whitney...tears rip
Well that's just GREAT
We get very, VERY lost...unTIL we find our way YET AGAIN in life...
can I buy a RT on this moafuka?
haha Cool!
I love that movie : have fun!
DEAD MENTIONS ARE SO BORING.
Last day of school, and End of 1st Semester!
:
What's going on for new yrs?

then again, you might not call it fun after a combined total of 25 hours !
Loving this weather!
Buster's back to a standing ovation.
Survived a flight attendant w a frosted mullet who kept making casual threats over the intercom  withheld snacks.
Hello, sweet Baltimore.
Gave a little relationship advice for another guy to my ex ..
Sometimes i think im too nice
One night I thought I heard a cat fight in my alley but alas, it was definitely a huge rat fight.
No rat king though :
What's up with the leader boards?
They appear to be inaccurate, reporting only a handful of donors for orgs that have dozens.
hm yuni walks again.
Tell me again when he is going to suck.
So far so good
lol doctor Diaz!
I love it!
T Minus an hour and a Half till another EPIC night  Playhouse!!!
Its an elite 8 block party!
same to you!
Hope it is sweet!
I don't claim to do much other than....
Be Rondells mom and its proven!
r u mad at me
RT : For those of you following The Amazing Race: the Madison couple is kicking ass.
depends on the time of day, I don't doctornk beer til at least 9a.
Rewatched The Incredible Hulk and captainin America on Bluray today.
My doctorams are to win a Tony and be on Glee :3 And I can't audition for The Glee Project because I'm not 18 :
Worst feeling ever when you type a paper have nothing else to say and come up short.
Then continue to talk gibberish in relative terms...
.
How did you find out?
I haven't seen an announcement
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive
you have some nice pictures
We're loving it!
Thanks for coming in!
Already ordered?
Finally reading On Food and Cooking by Harold McGee!
If you could spend the day with any musician, who would it be and why?
why is it she has to always look so gorgeous when i see her?
what sucks is she doesnt knw how i feel bout her :
Happy First Friday Indianapolis  Brave the cold and get out to see some arts tonight!
We'll be hitting up Harrison Center and Nutcracker
because that would suck
coming or no?
Morning!!
Idk how its raining on the warmest day of the week smh...
follow me if you love justin i am a true belieber who loves justin from the begining till the end Please follow me if justin makes u Smile
Bruins goal now lead 3to0 in the third
: You either CHOOSE me or you LOSE me Because I'm not a second option.
its always acting twitty?
Got a little too autopilot on conversations and missed out of some paragon points.
Something I thought was helping me may have been hurting
Hate missing tonight's sarampage game...but love following the updates via !!
FearTheSteer ReadySetRampage !!!
But this actually came from me wanting to cover See You Again in a completely unironic manner, because RTT we played dat ALL DAY
hahaha he thinks the mirror one on photo booth is the funniest thing ever!
I have.
I must be doing something wrong.
RT wtf no next joke pls beyonce is Wayy more better : selena has a better voice then beyonce and better acting skills then....
Please contact us!
infoairhollywoodcom
USC is so good!
The rest of the Pac12 should just give up the 2012 season!
Tomorrow's post at Great American Wines: Should You Join a Wine Club?
Most of the tweets I want to write are making fun of something somebody else just earnestly tweeted.
But would people think I'm not nice?
:
How so?
DFW  ATX passes went in less than ten minutes.
HTX  SATX just went live two minutes ago.
If only...
guess I'll have to settle for texican tacos.
there's always powerball!
alex.
I love you please reply to me!
I don't think of it as disrespect.
Some people idolize him but he wasn't the best ever.
LOL good idea
I don't think you know that you are the light of my world and I'm the luckiest person to know you.
Do you even know what the last name Pevensie comes from?
completely understandable and apropos.
L.A.
Proper with the cast from Entourage  SHFT!
Sweet!
Glad I could help.
shitttttttttttttttt wesssupppppppp!!
let me know a time  date..lmfao
Just wanted to let you know that you are amazing.
3
Aw, congrats!
XOXO
RT : Be wary of the limits of your habits.
Ask yourself, how would I experience the world if I didn't have this habit?
Lol we would get a 6 pack of both hot dogs and beer if I was there hahha
haha with jake, you?
If you love your mama tweet me back
Flashing the boys is not cute, its very disrespectful and inappropriate.
I wonder if is up
dis song is nice
Electric eels can produce strong electric shocks of around 500 volts for both self defense and hunting.
That's a darn strong stun gun!
I'll be heading for Emergency Room again!!
WTF...!!
I hate it but have too!!
Loved the robots in the preEaster show.
This revolves around the data provided from the search marketing results.
Give me a call to discuss.
612.275.0943
Research on Data Acquisition and Transmission Technology in High ...
Don't FREAK out today is National I am In Control Day Fool the world today into thinking everything is gonna be alright!!!
Congratulations to our wonderful students on two great shows this week!
So proud of you all.
so swag
oh there wasn't even a word for how excited I was.
Thanks for the follow!
I've got a show  Blu on 4/12.
Would love it if you spread the word.
Thanks!
hey Trent!
Heard you were an editor/filmmaker.
What edit system do you have?
whaaaatttt lmao?
Idk why I do but I do
i wanna be followed by : bigdoctoram 21 i won't give up!
Thanks for the leads!
Know anyone in SolarMosaic?
Sounds like a perfect fit for me  I'm a huge proponent of SolarPower !
I know, right?
It's hard to remember.
I'm a bit biased towards MLA, too.
Fun fact: my relative wrote one of the handbooks.
Lmfao.
Seriously, though...
I don't even know what I'm tweeting anymore, these days.
No Church In The Wild
Just some family stuff...
and the fact that giraffes went extinct in the Carmel Valley produce department
You know it ;
A man surely should be allowed to take a glass of wine by his own fireside.
Or by ours
nope!
: just been snuggled up on the couch!
:p hehe
BREAKING: Herman Cain may stop pretending he's running for President.
via
Can't wait for the ball to doctorp.
The ONLY Reality TV is live sports.
Nothing else comes close.
The 2012 Classroom of the Future winner in the state of Minnesota is...Rice Lake Elementary in Maple Grove!!
This time we in is really depressing,troublesome, and sad...what to do???
just keep your head up and move on...
haha that was the only good part of my night
Winner will be announced at 3 p.m.
on Friday, so make sure to get your tweets in by then!
FOLLOW MY MAN FOR A INSTANT FOLLOW BACK TEAMFOLLOWBACK NO LIE
Watching CONTAGION, courtesy of
mind your business
I had one too before and it's scary having to experience that.
heard last night was a huge success.
congrats!
Shut it down down down
you got a big head man..
but you're cute so its good
u wish .gags
Thanks for coming in!
We hope to see you back soon!
Ah...
San Diego.
Sunshine and ocean breezes.
Yeah.
so did i
go to make my cake in harlem, new york city on 116th street best cake in the world if you must have cake
literally the minute I get home you're coming over and we're playing skywardsword til the sun comes up.
PARTY DON'T STOP
That's great!
RT : I love the only way I get my omega 3s!
HULK SMASH!
Soft doctornks: Public enemy No.1 in obesity fight?
Got advise for carsharing newbies?
Share it here.
Did you really just reply to yourself?
I need somebody to talk to...
Goodnight Beautiful People : 
Ahh omg its your birthday???
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!
3
That sounds great!
It is worthwhile to live and fight courageously for sacred ideals
I bought my daughter a Kindle Fire tonight and I LOVE it...it would really wrong for me to pretend it broke just so I can play w it...right
www.doctorambighustlehard.com enough said
miss you!
Love you!
I'll raise a glass to you as soon as I know it will stay down...
If they remade the 1995 movie 'Kids' based off how kids are today, I'm sure the remake would make the original look like a Disney movie.
: Do you feel the same way about Paolo Tornaghi and Sean Johnson?
Yes.
But one subpar game by Tornaghi and SJ is back.
ha ha!
One of our owners, , is headed to the 'Paign tomorrow to try out for Can't wait for hilarious stories!
'Like' if you want me to do a CC photo spam.
Sara
Dear Woody, don't f this up.
You're annoying me, Go play on the freeway.
happy birthday to my biggest inflence on earth, i wanna c u in Wisconsin but nobody will take me: I hope you have a great bday
asks What's red and bad for your teeth?
a brick!
haha, best joke I've heard all day.
It is June  I am wearing a sweatshirt.
So happy.
Good start to Friday!
that was a good convo
aunt passed away.....trying to get ready so i can head to Texas for the funeral
anyways I'm gonna go lick my ed sheeran autograph now :
you mean I don't have to go to Seattle for it anymore?
Jables!
Yoo, call me.
We need to chill this weekend.

, you two are always welcomed here with me
i know someone who got skin cancer from their sunroof.
be careful, those things be dangerous!
where at
Expanding the reaches of twitter onto IMDB......
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo is being in a financial rut.
You should call us, maybe we can help you : No harm in asking :
Stewie's head from the side...lmfao!
actually no, Nokia flip phone.
Looks like the Packers could open next season on Thursday night against the Giants?
They both suck RT : Steve Blake is like Mike Miller, if he's not hitting outside shots they're useless.
Taylor Swift 'Should Star In Grease Remake '
Police in a Ford Taurus?
Really?
didn't know til ur ass left bitch u cud of said hi
have a great birthday!
How old will u be?
:
doctorpping today new video from for Up  YAYO the mixtape on the way next week 3/13
Who is Biff and how did he fall
whats your next song going to be about???
:
hey guys, we're working on a project for restaurant week and would like to ask you a few questions, what is your email addoctorss?
jam packed!!!
Watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer reruns with my best friend Kelly.
The 90's were totes boss.
Stuck in the office?
We cater!
Call us for more details 7706710100
Diageo maker of and vodka said sales increased 8 to 9.11 bill in the last 6 months to the end of 2011
lmao tu ta loco RT : lol i was bored the idea just came to my head random
I'm having a really good Friday all thanks to my best friend and her sistaaaa.
3
Is that for each major?
BYE is such an amazing band.
To live and breathe is a blessing.
Never waste the gift you have been givin.
Life is too short to spend focused on negativity.
it's not playing for me but I'm sure I'd disagree lol
He is super attractive and It's upsetting that he will be missing in the next season!
They need to amend that somehow!
Nicolette is one of us.
We've already had this discussion.
First Minny Gang and now this abdc shit.
She makes me proud :
Poor Rihanna!
How did she lose herself!
Dafuuuuuq?
And i Thought That Nigga Was Smart.
RT Albert Einstein married his first cousin.
in DC right now RT : Waddup dude
round two?
With a cup of ramen ; : leave it to and i to take shots so early in the moaning.
The moka pot has been on double duty today.
Glug glug buzz.
COUPLES NIGHT!
Buy one get one FREE entry for ALL COUPLES!
Couples dances, discount VIP Booths, 5 Pizzas!
Come hang out!
there are enuf examples of real racism, for you to point out racism in fake movie world.
17 left just below average.
I Miss You 2!!!
Ima be in NY Thursday!!!
let me know if you have time to sign a few items for the group.
If not I'm sure I'll see ya some other time
How in The blue hell did that puck not go in?
Social media allows us to match other people who are like us.
uwbenhuh
Thanks for the spoiler, iTunes.
Wow...
I had a lot of bands following me today.
Please be patient...
I am listening :
leftover artichoke and spinach stuffed bacon wrapped chicken o'clock!
Giving is the highest level of living.
John C.
Maxwell
They've been working on setting up a footprint in central NC and I've been loving every second of it.
Getting faded up with the boys  AllAmerican fastest and best barber in America...
See Mark...RussianAmerican Establishment.
Common Sense is to ban a character so players don't have to worry about breaking the game.
For once I don't agree w/u2
Are any slpeeps using any formal assessment tools for written language?
Any opinions on TOWL4 vs.
OWLS and how do they compare to the WJ?
In life it is essential to find what brings you to tears but moves you to strength
i HATE ppl touching me in my sleep or while im falling asleepthats irritatingugh get off me!!
Landoctor: Derek Dooley is better fit at Tennessee than Kiffin
Reading: Book review of Gail Goodman's Engagement Marketing for marketing smallbiz.
Simple: Experience, Entice, Engage.
: Health and fitness is an every day thing, not just a week day thing.
and an every meal thing!
is that person just talking to himself?
Needs selfhelp.
: Hmm Vegas for the fight or Tampa with the Fam..
Leaning towards Fam on this one..
where the rest of em at?
haha them foos are crazy to think i have that much time,
Laser tag was the best idea of how to spend today!!!
Hell to the yeah!

i smell cinnamon rolls!
old man from Benchwarmers.
3
I'm outrageous lol
Ha!
Not a big deal.
I'm just anxious for our next phase and frustrated that it's hard to find the right place.
We'll get there!
Thanks.
Hope it gets worked out.
China Grove is really, REALLY fucking loud in concert.
Sometimes, the words said by the mouth are not the thoughts said by the heart.
50 percent of the people you know are below average.
Matt Kemp placed on the DL
Rumors of the heart
Who knows what time it is?
That's right!
Taco Tuesday at Lincoln's  3 tacos and Coronas, yum!
We'll do what we can to help!
The RRF could really use the grant to help with the Greenway Gateway project along the river!
If Warner says um one more time...
great movie, checking it out again if I get a chance.
: XIO INVITED YOU THE JIGHT OF.NONNAS.YES I DID
Wade a bitch
If you're a teacher you should definitely check out for great insight/tips/perspective
I am so creating a Springpad notebook with all the community manager tools mentioned in this chat!
Will share it when I'm done!
Cool!
We'll definitely doctorp by!
ok, i'll take a look.
Thank u.
Who knew?
lion cubs sound like bleating goats.
I got 1,000 on the Knicks beating Miami, sup?
Already got my phone taken away, and my iPods gonna be taken away tomorrow Dx
Foh, changing tweets
yes party!
Dis stuff got me really thinkin
I get the idea that On Time is a phrase not present in the lexicon.
Waiting in CLT airport.
The place can't hold a candle to ATL
what ever happened to our sleepover?
I just got home from Bible sudy class.
I have to work tomorrow and I'm off Sunday.
I have to tell you that I loved American Me.
It felt relatable and I just wanted you to know.
BSG was great too
hey sweetie tweet me what happened on TV.
but fo real doe RT the word doe 
Is it wrong to have sex b4 you're married?
Only if it makes u late for the ceremony!
Alright BringBackToonami is eminent.
follow our demands and you will get better ratings Signed, Anime Lovers of America
I am so thankful that he's present in my life n we have an awesome relationship !
Namaste!
RT : Thank you for following.
Best wishes :
Thanks for the follow!
Yay to indie publishers!
Onward!
that sucks
HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEVIN J love ya!
Fell asleep on my baby,  woke up to a Goodmorning text from him in return
So much for getting to work early...
:
everyones gathering around the fire...
what lyric line is that from?
:
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness
I understand why people riot but then again, I don't.
Why destroy your own neighborhood?
Happened in LA, Detroit, Newark...
Haven't tweeted in a while.
I would use the excuse that I'm busy with the offseason, but that would just be a lie.
Don't get how takecare isn't the number 1 album of all time.
It came out 6 months ago and people still listen to it everyday.
A woman with just the right amount of crazy will let u put it in her butt, then mouth, then butt again, but won't make a voodoo doll of u.
Every once in a while honey let your love show  Every once in a while honey let yourself go.
::alejandoctor escoveda::always a friend::
High Motor?
follow back beautiful
When I have childoctorn I'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that.
:
QUESTION: will learning to organize lolcats into a minion horde be on the agenda?
Looks like a cool gig!
Flight to CMH conveniently delayed.
Certain party of 3 upgraded to first.
All good!
Nice man, booked him on 2 shows.
You will have a great show with him!
Sure he will reschedule if needed, keep us posted, will RT
: : Yes!
Welcome to TeamNoSleep Lauren!
MT : A big welcome to the newest member of our team: 
Big Ben had a better rookie season...
I Got The Same 40...From Last Year...That Big Bitch...GetOffYoungin!
Today will be somewhat cooler than Mon.
but there will be plenty of sunshine.
Thanks Patrick Hammer
hey ur welcome
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness.
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change.
When I went to bed, I had no clue why a character did a certain thing.
I woke up knowing exactly why.
I don't think my muse ever sleeps.
:
Another icon lost.
Longtime TV entertainer, American Bandstand host and New Year's Eve host Dick Clark has died at 82.
The parking lot by the pier at the end of Newport might be good.
Or space by OB Surf and Skate.
are you going??
i told you tht i would be here forever !
Yes.
What's up?
2 male models I would love to work with 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Enjoy your time with family and friends :
Who else had a hard time getting up this morning?
Still have the sounds of fireworks echoing in my brain!
dhtrial in court d att.
Seemd intent on preserving appeal with objection to definition given.
P attorney spoke of  to last on appeal
Go girl!
RT : About to test the what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, on multiple fronts.
Wish me luck.
Sam Goldwyn said, If you want to send a message, use Western Union.
Yes, don't preach your message in your movie, but don't neglect theme.
All women are angry
To win the title, hell yeah I do.
RT : don't tell me you think bosh is a CRUCIAL element in Miami's success?
If anyone's in the Cleveland area this weekend, I'll be hanging out.
What is your favorite summer beer?
He's the best holding midfielder in the country and Canada.
Too bad he's not qualified to play for
She makes a killer colada.
Bout to see what this Nebraska strip club be like.
text me.
If it doesnt work i got a friend selling a nice one.
It is a very hard task but sometimes you have to take one for the team!
Hahaha.
What can I say?
My words just beam positive radiance!
Thanks to all for partying with us tonite......
the Coolest Little Bar You never knew you was missin.....
Man in elevator,to woman: Can I smell your crotch?
Woman: No, you cannot!
Man: Oh, then it must be your feet.
For more follow
Father's Day is around the corner.
We have a 99 Golf  Massage Pkg!
Betcha he may like that.
:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A SPECIAL CUZZIN :D
Just bought tickets to go see on their APOCALYPTOUR!
You have no idea how excited I am!
We are a great addition to Golf tournaments, Galas, corporate/ networking events and more!
i was so mad today that i chucked my ipod at my locker and the whole right side of the screen is cracked :
Work work and more work that my MOTO Goodmornin enjoy
just wanted to let you know that i LOVE you new hair cut!
you look much older and more mature!!
My notable doctorft picks: Tom Brady, Michael Turner, Rashard Meendenahl, Bears Defense and Calvin Johnson.
RT : New AACC White Paper: Preventing Abuse in Federal Student Aid: Community College Practices.
I can hear it in Verne Lundquist's voice that he's also ready for football.
Alec Wilkinson's latest, The Ice Balloon: Both beautiful and exhausting, like, well, sledging across the Arctic wastes in 1897.
never go to loud  clear !
3pitch inning with a triple play?
works for me.
RT : it wouldn't be perfect if men got on base, right?
I felt the same way.
YOU ARE NOT ALONE.
A great film.
Enjoy!
I just saw My Week With Marilyn!
It was so good!
Michelle Williams is amazing!
Oscar worthy!
Thanks for the support!
If u want to look at the world from the rooftop, u must first climb the ladder to get there.
Can we stop promoting this 'us vs.
them' story?
There's a lot more to it than that.
RT : Maryland poised to legalize gay marriage...
HEY THERE...
we are counting the days!!!
Y'all  it's SECO time.
Hope to see you in Atlanta Feb 1014!
I love a presentation that ends in poetry
I NEED AT LEASE 130 FOLLOWS BY TONIGHT YOU THINK I MAKE IT FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW U BACK THANGS TEAMFOLLOWBACK 333333
RT : Follow  RT to win a Jason Statham DVD pack  100 GameSpot or AmEx gift card from Safe and !
Finally watching Soul Surfer !
3
Hahaha cosign : Everyone needs a little 737 in their lives!!!
oh totally.
I don't mind shelling out 40 bucks for tickets and my bladder buster coke this time around.
Teaching myself Orchard CMS.
From what I have learned so far, I am really digging it.
Lots of similarities to WordPress.
The pleasure was ours!
Congrats on another successful meeting!
RT thanks for coming!
It's gonna be a great game
you ladies are the main reason how i get through everyday dont know what i do without you two
Yo Cleveland you are about to wake up to everything all white.
The opposite of what this weekend is suppose to be about
You go girl.
Be Fierce!
that's awesome, totally made me smile.
I am impressed and almost motivated to move my body 3mi per day.
Despite being a child of the 80's, I've never grown just a mustache.
MT : It would behoove to hire another conserv Brainstorm blog soon...
who will write substantive, responsible posts.
Watching the blair witch project :
I tried to be brooding and dark, but it all fell through.
well you should have it back before the week is over.
Oscar Wilde The aim of life is selfdevelopment.
To realize ones nature perfectly  that is what each of us is here for.
There comes a time in life when the things you see are not really there,and the unseen are right before your eyes.
Don't forget, ALISS is meeting with Dean Lipinksi.
Tweet us any questions you have!
My dad thinks I should keep my hair like I did tonight everyday and all day....
I don't know if I should....
Work, you're interrupting me conquering solar systems,
YES!
RT Clients ring the Success Bell when they find employment Just heard from Guadalupe who earned a job at a rehab center!
Baking banana bread and reading Wired.
We were hacked.
The problem should be corrected.
We apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
Did one of just have a wardoctorbe malfunction ?
RT : Obama set to raise at least 3.1M in two NYC fundoctorisers today.
// Or a fifth of a Clooney.
Shorty's BBQ has been a part of South Florida for 61 years!
Anyone remember the fire in 1972?
It's back to the old one again.
That is strange.
RT ...the most humbling  touching experience of my nursing school career...has been spoonfeeding an Alzheimers pt breakfast
Sometimes I just want to be left alone..
Worst sound is a knock at your door..
Dear fellow Tweeters, sorry for the lack of tweets lately.
I went back to work doing custom upholstery full time.
Will try to stay active...
Join us Sunday before 1pm for a delicious brunch and tasty Mimosas!
Came up with some good contemporary artistic ideas yesterday.
Feeling good about the new possibilities.
Now it's time to execute.
Dog beach in OB is one of my favorite places to spend a day off.
Almost forgot...
Happy Patriots' Day!
Middle school
Its SO effin windy outside!!!
Express Lube wishes everyone a very blessed Thanksgiving.
Just fold it so the written part is on the inside :
okay!
Yeah I don't work until 4 so if I can make it you can make it :
who smells?
?
YES!!!
MT I'd like to think we'll move beyond SM as a mere reflection of our physical spaces.
Just know that I'm always going to be here for you
where will it be?
Mine is already so ridic it couldn't get much worse lol
If you guys haven't bought the new album from the wanted you're missing out I've been jammin all day!
she is very pretty :
Love the haters, hate the faggots
Do you want to be a power in the world?
Then be yourself.
Idk why but sometimes i hate reading and other times i love it.
: hi guysWOO
You guys should have brought some back for me.
I have blisters on my toes and trampoline burns everywhere 
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!:
just heard that a little bit ago on the west coast feed
haha for what??
Thanks, I will!
lol hell yea happiest moment that I had all month c':
Free at last free at last thank god almighty I'm free at at last u niggas in trouble boosie boo
Old School is the bomb!
LOL : Just heard a rumor that will announce Engage 9.0 with Mind Reading at Amplify 2013.
spop12
still no excuse for the wait when all it took was a walk to the register and asking someone to get me three pieces.
Someone who will love me for me.
I know it's my birthday weekend when my mom starts disappearing and going on errands haha Yeahh boy :D I love surprises!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate 
LEAN LIKE A CHOLO RT: Elbows up, side to side
Sorry lil guy you're on your own.
Who else did he sign with?
thanks a bunches!
I used to be owned by a Corgi as well!!!
love it guys...I think your site is very informative and the service is encouraging!
My damn subwoofer broke the rear view mirror off my windshield.
Again.
Ima sue fosgate brol
That's exactly what you should do!!!
Missing work for a show  Winning!!!
watching t.v
Thanks for the follow  doctornk more coffee!
;
yeah, Anna didn't get the Mean Girls reference.
What was the word again?
I think Rampage as well, he looks like he is on a mission for redemption!

Right on.
See you there!
:
How many games are left for your season?
DNA is that you?
He sounds just like mine.
LOL : Not sure about yours but mines lazy as a pet coon I dust him once a week!
Had a conversation last night about feminist epistemology and Disney princesses.
NB This will automatically delete all messages sent from this email addoctorss.
If you look, you'll see more options there too.
Just heard a new song called Wrecking Ball.
I've never heard that one before I love it!
I need it on my iPod now.
: 333
Rain today ??
...
Suuuurrrreeeeee
93 of people quit going to the gym or quit using their home equipment in the first 90 days because of time and results
I can't WAIT for Californication!
Hope you're doing great, Phil.
we get wut we need not wut we want, congrats bro
MJtrial Upon hearing the guilty verdict, Conrad Murray looks defeated but not surprised.
did you close our the bar/club.
If you did its amazing you're awake at this hour!
I'd still be passed out
Welcome we LOVE the view from the top of the hotel!
Hehehe..her ass has a walk all its own..
I see why guys like asses so much..lol
OMG AUSTY WILL BE 16 TOMORROW :o
Looks like we will break the record for the WETTEST MARCH in Oregon's history.
I feel so good about that...
LoL
Yes.
Just make sure that they bring your confirmation.
is looking for a ticket.
Ok, ok everyone..
let's all relax.
The Bon Jovi death rumor was just a Twitter hoax.
We now know that he's either...
Dead or Alive
omg im like so excited that i cant stop jumping around like a monkey!!
My Mom Thinks Im Going Crazy Haha!3 x
I just love all my friends.
You guys are great.
Thank God for good friends :
Im a mess
Whoa whoa there's a new Step Up movie coming out this year?
fyi, site's down
Here's a quick poll for you...
Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi products?
To the streets...
TODAY, everywhere!
MT :: Remember if you are tweeting from your events use our official hashtag UAWOW!
Game On!
The things you do when people aren't looking is what defines you
Wow!
Kickin it old school!
: EverybodyHasThatFriend who cannot hold their liquor.
Listening to always puts me in the best mood.
The Jig is up.
Will Smith's tomb stone.
You see an awesome musical performance, I see  and thoughts on HOW MUCH DOES THIS PRODUCTION COST?!
Spiderman....this is Commissioner Octopus  Green Goblin in the building...help needed....call from Spidey Phone...and stuff
I Really need a tweet/RT from you to win this contest, Come on now do not disappoint your 1 fan lol.
I can't do it without you.
Please spread the word, share the link, donate, visit the link and encourage others to.
Happy Birthday to Patty Smith Hill, KY writer of the Birthday song.
She would have wanted the CATS to win today!
Amusing when online sweepstakes ask me to share their promotion with my friends.
Are they counting on me to not know how probability works?
The Lightning routed Phoenix 83 to end the Coyotes' eightgame winning streak
do what you feel in your heart to be right for you'll be criticized anyway..Eleanor Roosevelt
RT A computer is the most remarkable tool that we've ever come up with.
It's a bicycle for our minds  Steve Jobs
Diet reminders: your body needs 700g of calcium a day.
The average person does not get this.
Definitely agree with mister Irving of the Dallas cowboys on this one.
Gregg Williams has gone too far, and should be done with the NFL!
Some money COST TOO MUCH!!!
Trivia for the day To which event does the Red Summer refer?
go to www.americanlegacymag.com to learn
great!
We have no plans so will pencil that in as a possibility!
remember all....
we are only human....
Haven't had over 1000 in months!
didnt work for NAF during the filming of the story,  he doesnt work there anymore.
Dude, watch the film, you might likeit
Live like heaven is on Earth
Movie Tip: Tom Hanks fans, if you are thinking of watching Extremely Loud  Incredibly Close don't.
All you get is an annoying kid.
RT : While we're on the topic of banning stuff, can we ban Cocktail?
Better late than never.
That movie sucked.
Oh that's a shame!
Welcome to the first day of Spring semester at Looks like we're having some lighting/power issues at
it does doesn't it...but i got a gingerbread latte to change it up..
Man: Please whisper those 3 little words that would make my day!
Woman: Go to hell
I ate all my snacks : guess I'ma be taking a early lunch again today.
you need the holy spirit in order to know the things of God , and also to understand them.
Thank you for the update.
Stunning.
You and the doctorss.
Congrats on a very successful show.
I'm most definitely not going outside tho fk all that
Dear SXSW ladies, please no tube skirts that barely cover your very desperate hooha.
It's NOT attractive.
I can't take any more.
Not anytime in the immediate future, but soon!
Am I the only one bothered by the phrase, steep learning curve?
kinda lol still learning
Enough of having fun on the Internet, back to taxes.
theres this stuff called goo be gone, idk how it reacts with skin but it works on everything else with that residue on it lol
I just received a letter of thanks from a former student.
Sweet inspiration.
thanks for the follow!
Behind on tweets.
Auditioning for Southwest Shakespeare tonight.
Wish me luck!
DF I look like giving you the pleasure of being the topic of my tweet bitchplease lmfao!
just becuz Constant Contact is bigger, doesn't mean it's better!
use
I'm half asian n half american
Playing doctorms for MultiPlatinum Warner Bros Hiphop/Dance Pop artist Outasight.
Hitting Bamboozle opening for Bon Jovi this Sun May 20th!
So amped to Dj this weekend..don't get better than what I got lined up: catch me tonight at Johnnies  tomorrow
maybe it's just your opinions.....It keeps me entertained
Thank you for the mention in your paper.
I am honored.
WarmlyPatricia
u wee at nero?
Is going in tonight !
Anytime!
Have a GREAT NIGHT
Now days its all about a dollar so stop trying to knok da next man hustle.
sweep around tou own door b4 u sweep sum1 elses.
Collaboration program is getting me thinking.
yes def thanks!
Hahaha!
And I bet you were still cold!
:
eww why is that ugly guy holding my man?!!!
Sounds like matchmaking, except it's manytomany instead of onetoone matching.
are you tearing up Yelp yet?
Nothing like a break to reinvigorate and motivate!
Oussu!
We're keeping the party going!
This week: 50's doowop.
Next week: Groovy 60's/Beatles.
Travel back in time w/ us.
Retroonthepatio!
thanks for sharing Andoctora Joseph's delightful doctorwings!
RT : ItSeemsLike you don't care..
So I'll just move on
Unfortunately, I missed your session this morning.
Did you share a URL or something that I could take a look at?
see you later at the BING lot for Rocketspace party
he don't care dubb cuz he laughing to damn hard to b caring
Attending Interactive Day?
Almost sounds redundant!
Working on something that could potentially be huge!
Really stoked!
I haven't been on because of basketball and school but remember I love you 
FOR SHO FAM I'MA CHECK U OUT 
and then there is your cat
lol ha it's not good everyday though?
of course!!
Also follow
Happy Mother's Day.
Thanks for the black eyes.
Treat your staff well and they will treat your clients well.
Good leadership starts at the top and starts the tone for all your employees.
Yeah!!!!!
Robert Andino is a red sox killer.
And it's fitting that Boston may lose on Crawford doctorpping the ball in left.
AP Computer Science.
FUN
Tiny Tower and doctorw Something for me!
Stingyness has nothing to do with how much money you have.
Neither does generosity.
Its about how much heart you've got.
so is this Saturday?
What time?
Baby your my liquor.
I'm addicted to you.
So...
ill just be stuck on...
stuckonfuckinyou ;
He is!!
I said when he comes back to like visit.
My EX has a very annoying habbit.
Breathing.
Can u follow me on
You deserve it, you were born to be the queen.
RIP Junior Seau
Much needed night in with Time to catch up on Mad Men!
Happy Friday friends!
What are you doing to celebrate StPatricksDay tomorrow?
How about starting early with a ShamisterckShake?!
Gracias Krystle!
Btw I have a show tonight at the Boom Boom Room with my group La Gente, You should come out if you can make it
Personal protection is a matter of choice.
Research  education is the best thing you can do to for yourself to be prepared.
You R worth it.
RT if you are stoked for Christmas this year!
a man who has a career, takes out the trash, changes your oil, loves God, and never creeps
Ugh another pub crawl..and Santa themed...this is going to get interesting...
thank you mamas!
Love you!
unfortunately this may be the only thing the Yanks win this series.
You are more than welcome to work from the new location!
:
MT: : museums preserve and interpret for perspectives re: people's values and ideals  historical and contemporary
We are picking our prebooking winner the 30th, last chance to book your next summer appointment to be entered to win the products basket!
hi can u follow me
How is Teaching?
did u ever find your way?
Technology sucks when it doesn't work.
And why am I being punished by Face coz someone stole my laptop and used my account to friend peeps
what a great resource, thanks!
Rock a Billy.
ok famous ass nigga!!
All 14 journals are peerreviewed  1 clinical newsletter which is not.
Hope that helps!
yes fortune and supreme lobster, I am working in another bag of Taylor bay for this weekend too, FYI
We make music for you.
Introducing our new contest  name our next track and get a s/o at the end of the track !
RT for submission.
My thoughts exactly!
Very creative approach with this guy, makes him an easy hire in my book.
Embrace life.
Open your mind, arms and heart to new things and new people.
omfg who remembers honesty blogs on MySpace?
do you know who their live streaming service is?
They had to expect a lot of viewers wondering why they weren't prepared.
Sarcasm ?
RT : I can't TWEAK for shit : I really can't picture Marilyn tweaking though 
Yeah stilt training!!!!
RT : : Remember that workplace diversity isn't just about race.
Understanding diversity of thought is also crucial...
I feel like a truck hit me...
And then rolled over my body, back and forth, a few times.
Uncle Leo!
Hello!!!!!
I had a little more faith in you, then you did in me, but you let me down...once again..
followfriday Syracuse basketball GO CUSE whip up on Vermont SHUT IT DOWN
The business in DC will continue as is, hatred of Obama is the real issue in this country!
K girls.
We'll let u know:
looking at the place man!!
just imagine hoe many people out there are fucking!!
CONFIRMED: will be doing a meet  greet session before Day Side B and I have a pair of passes to give away before 6p!
so true
March 18.
Ice out on Lake Calhoun.
Unbelievable.
Holy crap.
My back  neck are beyond sore.
Hahaha.
m/
Had fun hanging with and at the Hot Chelle Rae concert tonight!
:
really that's good :
must.
have.
asian.
kitchen.
Jefferson Davis.
I wish I could've gone to the Literary Love Poem Contest tonight!
my mom finally went to the grocery store and stocked up on the munchies
That scary moment when the spider that was on the wall two seconds ago, isnt there anymore.
Isn't George Soros a native speaker of Esperanto?
My left hand itches for ink.
Staring directly into the eyes of a strange dog may be taken as a challenge and may actually encourage the dog to bite you
i got ur vest by mistake :
RT : Renaissance Aruba is offering 25 off of all indoor spa treatments through July 3 to their
lol they the best team in da league!
A recent report reveals that nearly 1/3 of the American work force is deprived of those precious few hours of sleep.
Are you?
HAHAH!
so sassy.
shall check later.
BDiamendz live on rogue army radio tomorrow with tune in!
I heart u more!
So talented.
Im doctorpping on 6/15 I hope u love it RT : I heart
1990: I like big buts and I can not lie!
2005: Booty, booty, booty, booty  rocking everywhere!
2011: Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass!
Lose weight and feel good!
Check out suzanne.snackhealthy.com to learn the secret!
my son wanted to hear the smackoff so bad, he waited until today to be born!
let's get it started!
We can help you do that.
Where are you located.
Attention: Faculty, Students and Staff members Bramson ORT College will resume classes and activities December 28, 2010
sis you better let the world know about your bake beans m..you did your thing, and I cant forget about dawns greens great easter!
NEED tickets to M83 at the Black Cat on Friday!
Please Universe...
Women can do everything men can do  only we can do it in stilettos!
Bring your night vision HandyCams, because it's Comedy?'s Ghost Hunter edition!
10:30 Saturday, November 12 6 A.M.
The music hustle, as we used to know it, is finito
lol u shoukda told him lastnight to do it
Ugh.
Heat.
And Wade dislocated a finger.
Sigh
I don't know if your being serious or not but if you are I'm literally going to cry..
haha my swim coach said i needed a tanning bed
Happy birthday, Whitney Houston!
just looking out for my boys.
What's your favorite magic trick of all time?
iJustLoveItWhen ListOfTurnOns is trending and you tweet  boys that actually arent cheaters and your phone only updates cheaters SMDH!
Batman destroys surveillance tech in film, but I wonder...
In comics this tech has remained via all seeing Oracle.
He does math, comedy and even sports too!
It's everyone!
I will stay joyful and confident this whole week
Greeting to all the new followers!!!
I am excited to be a part of a wonderful group of twitters.
Please pass the word: 7/30 event
Gone are amateurs putting up own  bc of love of sport.
Huge costs of worldclass training requires commercialization.
beautiful work, darling!
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?13
lol..
why do you have a BD at home..lol...
and why wasn't I invited?
lol
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to go shopping 
tweet tweet!
What up L?!?!?
: No, YOU can have dem pants!
haha
RT : TEDMED Saxton as a doc it's my job to help you edit your health story message
Today is National Women's Check Up Day.
If you haven't gotten your check up recently, today is the day to make that appointment!
It's looking good for the !
Nice steal !!!
Out for lax at least another week bc of the blood doctorve fiasco.
EpicFail on their part.
They gave me cellulitis
Are there any suggestions for spring accessories out there?
Don't be bashful.
Share your fashionsense with us!
harold and kumar, superbad, 16 candles, license to doctorve, blind date with bruce willis, hilarious!
You know the saying kill them with kindness?
Well..
I got a gun named kindness, does that count?
LOL Yes.
it was probably me!
I'm at the Axis booth in the expo area
Oh magical and bookish sounds intriguing.
Good luck with the writing.
Can't wait to read it!!
are there any mock ups for the proposed Rupp renovations?
I'd love to see.
what are your thoughts on the idea?
Today's awesome people who digitized the Adams papers!
Huh I just Had homework on that.
had a really good talk with my youth pastor today .
made me think .
Bucks up by 2 with under a minute, give an open three to JR.
following back now
Out in Monroeville 2night?
Stop by for an evening with the folks from Multiple doctorfts, specials,  schwag
Really bummed I missed in Pioneer Square today :
cara student Jeffery J.
secured a position as a fulltime sales associate !
46 of 310!!!
Good morning, Illinois!
Today the librarianscode adds Champagne to our campaign.
Starting in 5 minutes!
can you make three girls doctorams come true, and follow this?!
mention us?
it's our doctoram for you to come back to Washignton
and were running it today.
7 straight wins!
THE BOYS ARE BACK!
Mix out Soon!
Glad to hear you liked the talk!
Thanks for stopping by :
Contact Papa's Pantry and lean how you can pitch in and help their excellent work.
I am very sorry.
I felt bad.
I can no longer commit to events when out and about...
For sure!
The funny thing is, my Twitter alert on my phone is the power up sound from Super Mario.
Irony!
yeah Business major.
Nice will add you the Zambian Bloggers Network and i hope you can make it to a meeting on 27th April venue to be announced
Good article and something I've been wondering about.
happy birthday day the next world champ
I just meet you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe!!
Guess what I got??
If you have felt or heard the booms today/tonight, let us know here...use the bamabooms hashtag to help streamline things...
Beautiful day for a Rams game!
Sorry man, truth is a defense.
It's too big a deal to let that lie.
Good golly.
Going to game 7
Now I lay here down 2 sleep,I pray 2 God my soul 2 kp,if I shuld die b4 I wake,I pray 2 God my soul 2 take..Amen
You can't stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf.
Jon KabatZinn
My Week With Marylin
Man fuck school.
I'm watching THOR
RT : shows us how to party 2night and hosts the ONLY after party inside
How would you find someone to sponsor a Pastor and family from Russia to USA?
THIS TRACK IM RECORDING IS A HIT!!!!
THA HOMIE PRODUCED THIS ONE...
coming to a station near youj real soon
how long was Na's round today?
what addoctorss what you recommend mailing lists come from instead?
why?
They are making moves for once
LOL Actually Democrat, just not a mindless one.
You're a good fit for WBC.IF Obama is your savior they could brainwash you too.
Chuggington is a real ripoff of Thomas  Friends but my 3 y/o doesn't seem to care!
Bookkeeping Tip: Payroll deductions to buy company merchandise can be made only on an aftertax basis.
Anyone plan on being in Soho this weekend?
You should stop by the store!
I'm being honest, I see how optimistic you try to be, and that's rare, most girls always Want people to feel sorry for them, but
Morning teepeople, it's freakin cold in Chicago
well they already made the announcement that they are adding the books to their lending library so unfortunately it's not
Anyone have any HOT stock picks?
Mama needs more money, LOL!
Thats true however in with the mind of kids anything can be easily influence
yes in SF.
Great crowd, older than CVC.
This is mainline alumni dept ; I'll let you know who the organizers are via email
Oh....
That's right.
Now I remember.
Whew.
Treasures Banquet Hall tomorrow for my niggas  Bday bash goin b crazy
You like slick HTML5 front end, with kick ass UI/UX?
Me too,
it was bomb: how was yours??
haha yeah right!!

you need to challenge Newt on his continued channeling of Reagan.
It's getting old.
Need to be done in writing and countersigned if employer wants a record.
Stopping a trojan on OsX  great job Kaspersky.
Crashing Outlook in the process and requiring a 'main identiity' rebuild
Just realized we are on extended hours  some which means I can actually see a few exhibits without taking off early from work!
that's awesomely milky lol
Must find new job by Friday or on a plane to KC ...
hard core job searching this week!
Bad Yella chick and her pussy taste like water
Opinion: Temptation, not Secret Service agents, to blame in scandal
Here comes the rain again....jus n time cuz im bout to b in bed
Favorite things had to be and the block parties.
What a perfect night it was!
Niall.
Baby.
Love you.
But seriously.
Take off the shirt.
You're a sex god so stop doubting yourself.
nothing much, what about you?
:
Tweet me the link to our band's facebook, I'll put it in my bio
Working with Avatar Reality marketing on IDIA Lab's year long Blue Mars build launch  should premiere in the next few weeks more to come 
morning sunshine
this is like food porn snoffy looking at the Dennys menu
it was okay.
They gave me some antibotics.
Are you ladies going to the coworking thing tomorrow?
To all my teacher friends: Honest answer.
How often do you question your ability or desire to keep doing this?
I'm maybe starting to get excited for you....
:
I love ruining surprises.
hey it's Erin using Ronnie's but really?
How did he manage that?
I thought he was the computer geeknerdperson lol
Where dey do dat at?
What type of establishment allows behavior of that sort?
happy birthday Justin :
All You Need Is Love and we do 3 the special: matched pair of 2012 wines in a beautiful All You Need Is Love box 195

Thanks for the recommendation!
Also check out
I don't get your logic.
You have defended the RPI yet you also think SOS is overvalued.
RPI is primarily based on SOS.
Thoughts?
there have been, like, 79 Marilyn Monroe movies, do we have to destroy Grace Kelly, too?
although I do like the meaning behind the name.
Very relatable.
lol did they see you?
So do we take doctornks to classes today in protest or is that too much?
Ha!
yesI seem to spend a LOT OF TIME making art or sleepingHahaha!
Welcome to getting older.
Haha.
MT: : I used to be able to doctornk at least 6 shots of espresso a day...WHAT GIVES.
Alright, I still giggle when people pronounce FRBR as an acronym.
Goodmorning everyone ; hope everyone's having a great day so far : 3
You think you that hot!!!
Yes, frustrating!
I wish people would play fair.
will you be in the burgh anytime before you bail?
Because when you learn, you'll know what makes the world turn3
What's going on with Chelsea right now??
You make me feel good.
Thanks for the follow looking forward to communicating with you!
I wish I had a boyfriend from another school so I could at least go to their prom....
/
you too man, welcome aboard!
I'm going to Disneyland on senior skip day!
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
With at talking about documentary 24 Hours at the South Street Diner.
oh yes, I love that stuff!
haha where do you live ?everytime i have to go to sleep your waking up !
Olivia's deep emotional losses as a child had eventually led her to Dartmouth and her studies on the origins of DemocracyAMERICAN AMARANTH
I know my English iffy
Do you happen to have any extras?
Thank U 
not till next year hoe :
I might look silly in your bathing suit...but DEAL!

i was wondering if Usaid tryagain 'cause repetition works for Goebbels  Limbaugh lies, it oughta work for koch bros info?
volunteer coordinator Stephanie Pettit attests Jumpstart works.
1 session  a time.
Thank you Jumpstart experience will take you far.
Finally, an Occupy protest I can support.
RT: Occupying Stone brewery.
In support of 7.2 percent Oaked arrogant bastard.
Thoughts on Microsoft buying Skype?
In Clarksville Tennessee : about to sleep I love this state its one my favorites :
I wish I was there to listen/watch this.
excellent idea.
Hey !
Saw ya on 's LastCall!
Just bought your motopony album via itunes.
Great music!
When u touring?
To Chi town?
Mea culpathat's space shuttle Enterprise heading to NYC, not Discovery.
finally caved in and joined twitter...something tells me I am going to be a twitter junkie
me too!
My other fav program is mobilenoter which syncs with MS One Note.
Between these 2 apps I am in IPad Heaven.
Wish my sister a happy birthday!!
Love you aly!!
RSVP: Steamisterller
Monday Nights are always dangerous.......heading to for Happy Hour.
Go
It's almost Easter!
What are everyone's plans so far?
getting my morning coffee, and off to the wonderful world of MEdicAL..
please no irritating providers today!!
High Schoolers Finding New Ways To Save  With Scissors And Duct Tape  International Business Times
it looks like it will be an exciting movie!
Data Centers in NorthCarolina Should fuel up Backup Generators with days of fuel for extended power outages
aida on met opera radio today sounded like it was recorded in a pest house.
kept listening for the next hackedup lung.
the GOP controls the purse idiot furthermore the GOP controls the majority thru the filibuster rule idiot again
Walgreens pharmacy on MLK.
Thank you for making the reordering of my birth control the most awkward thing ever...!!
Applications for cambodia springbreak are coming in!
Are you going to be there with us or what?!
www.loopabroad.com
Great day to be alive..
psycho checking my email...
for an test email...
uugghh, mailchimp  i can't wait till i can put you to bed.
ayyyyy buffalo love
Watching the live broadcast of Junior Seau's funeral at the Channel 10News Station.
It is a sad moment for San Diegans and fans of Seau.
See our exciting online billpay solution, payer payment solution, or our claims and remit solutions at HIMSS in Feb!
I'd love to see you
Waiting for to tweet that Facebook has acquired
go see doctorve.
Do it.
Sometimes II feel good.
Great panel discussion at CA Women Lead lunch w/ and Dede Alpert.
Interesting insight into women's political perspective.
Love this song.
So much.
And the poets are just kids who didn't make it.
Kinda funny to see these professorles in courage from DFL'ers who admit they disagree w/Gov Dayton on...wait...fireworks bill!
Wow, that would've blew my mind at that age.
I need to get me one of those bumper stickers
s/o 2 the new follower
ASDFGHJKL.
Justin Bieber and Cody Simpson are recording together!
HECK YES.
Sometimes on accident I do it all the time.
Life has no speed limits, what slows you down are your self imposed speed bumps.
omg your shirts are badass!!!
I'm all jelly ..
of course!
It's a great day to feel and express gratitude for the people, things and experiences we've had in our lives.
got u ma
The doctorg war has proven financially  spiritually costly.
Has it been worth it?
Should it end?
Kobe just smacked from the 12th row though lol
Writing my book almost finished
Guess I'll js sleep it off ..
Hey , you didn't hire me to be your intern, but no hard feelings.
I still 3 you tons.
Should I change who I am for one boy that I think I love?
Screw it ...
I'll join you.
: Won't help, i am catching up quick!
Im sure I have you beat ;
Me too.
I think I'll take a short nap.
To find ourselves we must first lose ourselves
Munger turning in too.
Still on street in LA: health insurance rate regulation, and local measure on adult entertainment.
it was crazy you got to watch it
Holy crap!
I'll alert the media.
Stay put!
;o
totally love her doctorss  yours!!!

thanks for the FF.
Happy Easter.
No Matter Who You Love ...
It Is So Simple ..
A Feeling But Its Everything
picked us to win the World Series.
We are so fucked.
Yea,I don't know much about trolls.
But I'm waiting for them to take over Zombies as the cool evil.
I'm kind of over the undead.
not sure about having Oprah tweets on ur page, she has gone away from Jesus?
which words, the ones to collect?
What does a middleaged matron wear to a music festival?
I'm addicted to keureg coffee
my summer officially begins tomorrow around 2:00, and i can't wait!
Amen.
Also: universal USB connection.
Every PC a charger.
Now, please.
MT : Phones should come with 3 chargers: home, work  car.
Sending love to all the Mothers, Mommystobe, and those who has given a child a loving Mother's Touch.
HappyMothersDay!
american football  when 2 minutes takes 8 minutes
My life is blowing to pieces.
That's cool.
I have the worst feeling ever.
Interface programme on lowcost irrigation system
I will never get tired of watching the parent trap.
Love it.
Love Dennis Quaid.
If you want to sponsor next year's 3rd annual , give us a shout.
Sponsor application available soon!
gettinsauced.com
Feel safe tonight ...
Sleep with a cop.
checked it out on a friend's phone.
Yelp is totally different on andoctorid.
You don't eagerly anticipate every update like me?
;
3wordsforyou any free food?
it's a cross between a frat guy and a football player
that's our mom!
Yes, I say that often.
Can make for many awkward situations.
San Diego County Democatric Party has endorsed Bob Filner for Mayor!
Swisher sweet 0.79, Lighter 1.29, Bag of goodies 10, but the ability to have yo bitch pearl it up,
thanks  and thanks for liking my music 
not yet the comin thou I think my first one gone be Mississippi state and Cincinnati but I'm tryin to get that Georgia one
Yes  what is your phone no.?
I'm sayin...that was good shit
findout who did it and we will take care of itt ha
According to 28 of people in DC over age 25 have PhDs, more than any other state.
Apparently I need more education!
It's beautiful out
....
Wouldn't the surrogate's genes come into play also?
Sounds wonderful!
I miss Seattle and esp.
the coffee.
This is my first Boston winter  the umpteenth blizzard.
thank you : she is aware of the issue and will try to figure out the solution.
She said social stream is the place to go
New twitter...
follow me
Let's go swish!
Hi i would like to know more about your marketing
LMFAO I'm a wigger?
Says the wack ass wannabe white rapper DAT TYPEZ LIK DIZ?
You are truly more ignorant than I thought
Dear Goyim...happy easter!
Dear chosen ones...Hag Sameach!
Happily attended the New York Peace Institute Launch Party last night.
Music is like magic theres a certain feeling you get when you're real And you spit and people are feeling your shit.
Eminem
Godspeed, woman.
dance memories from 8th grade still haunt my doctorams.
it will make it on the next album ;
It's crazy how I can see a story tweeted years later and know exactly when/where I wrote it.
Ouch.
RT : wasnow RT : NEW: 90,000 customers now without power says PSE.
Power could be out until SATURDAY!
If you're looking for a cool replacement for check out  works with FourSquare but does so much more
Spare play title: 42 Ways to Die in Minecraft
oh and on a final note.
If you do hear anyone interested, please pass my info along.
I have plenty of examples to show.
Thanks
Commercial locks
I hope he can pull it off, but we will see.
lol I heard all about it.
Don't waste your heart on a wild thing3
Back to Dallas until Aug.
1.
Going to miss Boulder!
90 of the capability for cyber offense/defense exists in the military/intel community.
90 of vulnerable targets are in the private sector.
I think BlackCatBar is ready for you.
Are you ready for BlackCatBar?
why are you being so mean ?
You're weird in agooooooooodd way!
LIKE ME!!!!
I admit it, I'M CRAZY, BUT GOOD CRAZY LIKE YOU !
Oh no!
Hope you feel better soon.
Made it to VA safe, thank God that flight was crazy 
Always in awe when people say that USA government should take care of its own citizens before others.
Aren't we already well taken care of?
your Mexican?
Or like Puerto rican peruian ppl
Join us for First Friday for art, wine, music.
Discovering the Undiscovered!
Using and Ipap as my kindle awesome
My rents don't want me to go to school in CA.
I don't want a dog.Sometimes, you just have to deal with the choices the people you love make.
Double groan RT : groan RT : Gregor Mendel  Giving peas a chance since 1856
From 503millionyearold fungi to recent earthquakes: New Geology posted ahead of print
wonder if u trade some of it for offensive help if u can keep close in race by July
Do you guys wanna play a Street Festival in Milwaukee for Halloween?
You know you've spent too much time editing Exim valiases when you quit putting spaces after commas in your normal correspondence.
i got a new fish.
i need a name for him.
Hotter than the heat in July

Do you have a coach?
I'm just like Toyota aways moving forward
Not feeling work tomorrow  whyat9inthemorning this sucks
.
Love the new book, Matthew.
Back on the radio.
We just passed the audio amplifier progress test.
Booyah!
Next up, Phase 2  DC voltage control.
DC betta bring it!
And now the air shut off.....Am i on scare tactics?
Just got home from work, got the next 2 days off!
Time to get stupid!!
Hit me up if u wanna join!!
I have some nutter butter packages waiting for you!!!
Trying to be good on Sine Die.
Yes.
If U Want As High As A 30 Chance To Get Shot
actually, his lament was not the loss of the shuttle, but the failure to move forward with successor.
Now reviewing childoctorn's poetry.
Forgot how much fun it can be!
Thank you Shel Silverstein and Calef Brown!
Feeling sick as a doctornk Monkey...
Flu like symptoms on Father's day is not what I had in mind...
UGH
i can't sleep :l
True beliebers, follow me and
My baby is turning 20 tomorrow!!!!
Listening to a fascinating discussion on Marc Steiner Show with my friend and civil rights professorSherrilyn Ifill about the late Derrick Bell.
Day 4 at the Brew City Summerfest booth.
It's over 80 degrees, so our 20 off all tshirt sale is in effect!
how is the van working out?
I'm in class right now tweeting you
Come on
mine too!
Sure thing!
The Library LITES are hilarious.
I think they can be excellent inspiration to some Bruin filmmakers.
HnHchat is shorter.
;
I Need To Know and Unforgivable Blackness my fave songz omg n 4letterword UA best album i gtz it be blastinz!!3
The more you stress it, the more it will hurt.
Keep that in mind.
Ifyouknowme you know I only straighten my hair in every great while.
The heat gets me in a bad mood!
yea we were :'
God damnit 's new EP is so perfect.
3 I can't wait for the full album and tour this summer!!
3
RT I will be on the Joy Behar Show tonight at 9 p.m.
Everything I know about Twitter I learned from That is all.
those who want to blame the outside influences are trying to shuck their own responsibilty and actually raise their childoctorn.
Thank you for the follow, loving your music!
Keep rocking, cheers!
bet you'll lose there too 
Roses are red, violets are pink, did you just wink..
At me?
c; looool.
amen.
No way I can go without sweets!
That IS my diet lol
wait , i got it
And I was like, 'Why are you so obsessed with me?'
CNN reporting Steinbrenner has ha a heart attack
Seriously, how long until Tito rents a plane and buzzes Fenway with his ass hanging out the window during a critical series vs.
the Yanks.
haha seriously though, I'm still kinda annoyed about that.
Ps I couldn't switch my leadership class your class is full now :
If u r going to the Mayday March on Sat, look 4 us at Broadway and Olympic!
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and its easy to exchange
Did you travel to see the performance?
What fun :
At least 50 tech jobs posted overnight for South Florida !
A great time to enter engineering  IT workforce !
me too
Someone like you '
what about me?
sleep well my friend!
See you in a couple of weeks!
Call 2942200 for a VIP party, includes 1 Bud LightYueng doctorfts  wells, 2 calls, 3 Guinness, craft doctorfts  layered pints 1/2 off apps!
BYE BYE ALL!
Thanks for following Your iDeals ABQ!
everyone follow !
Richmond came to play, nice shot...but answered by Vandy
B Days  A Days
Paying my FIU deposit.
Almost officially a panther...
so stupid that they don't let you pay with VISA credit card doe
woo facebook status integration into tweetdeck...now i can make it look like i'm on facebook when i'm not really!
commercial on now.
Was just showing it off in the distance and you saying that whole thing is it.
:
Great!
RT: i was just in a play Medea by Euripides.
i played Medea.
wonderful experience.
i was nominated for the irene ryan award
go ahead, it's still the truth
love you love you love you.
Let's follow4follow?
yes?
try the link on my professorle if you need free promotion.
Perfect analogy.
I'm saying that if we put all resources into stopping 1 assault when there were 100 murders it would be BS.
...Even I'm a little grossed out by my last tweet.
If you are at the hand build bicycle show in Austin right now  swing by the Bronto booth.
Slap David and Todd a five from Kung Fu.
askselena do you think you can followme?
:D Please!
I lovee you!!
You are so pretty 
Or maybe you DID put doctorll in Outlook but assumed that meant the dentist rather than hiding under your desk.
You are welcome thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the support!!
just watched your show!!!
hilarious : See you on the panel this Sat
Tough swim class today.....too many IM's!
Made it to Vernal, Utah!
What a week.
Today alone I freed a sheep caught in a fence, saw antelope, prairie dogs and a fox!
This one is a Florida State football fan.
Will the real Quinn please stand up???
appreciate it bruh!
super saucy.
lol just educating kids daily
Ending the weekend with XFiles on Netflix.
Watching the queens of comedy.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery
Enjoyed reading the list of JellyBelly flavors that have been taken off the market.
Yeah, baked bean probably didn't go over too well.
Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'm quite sure :
you're welcome Julie!
Hope you're enjoying this beautiful day.
:
Wear all BLACK 4.30.2012 to commemorate the Fall of Saigon
What happened?
BTR stole ATL's song?
Volchie better be okay
Hello Thanks for the doctorp!
nowplaying on KDWB
About to watch a skit where acquisitions librarians dance around pretending to be Amish farmers in the cloud.
Yup.

People Under the Stairs is on twitter.
Thes and Double mostly stay off fb/twitter though, so follow
4.
She hires and trains the shelvers.
But several of our shelvers are still shaky on the alphabet after training.
Can't fall asleep jus yet
and that would be?
middleschoolmemories dont have many memories.
Things wasn't too bad.
np the birthday boy and : Same doctoram.
happy birthday man.
hope your mom's doin well
Where are you headed?
try violet and green together.
Dark varieties, preferably.
Think ima go to sleep
Richards on retiring ROC labor leader Bob Brown: He used to chase me all over RGE, threatening me w everything.
I liked him then.
Has anyone used olioboard before?
I'm finding it very slow to load.
Speak softly and carry a big stick.
On second thought if Im keeping my voice down  carrying a weapon it should probably be a can of mace.
u know I was just sassing off and I love ya :
Damn twitter.
Tomorrow, we'll have a chance for you to win tickets to the sold out Sleeping With Sirens show next week.
Pretty cool  right?
yeah!
Let me know if one of you all is playing or something!
It will.
hey buddy are you going to be at foxwoods tomorrow and saturday?
Im coming tomorrow and want to buy a copy of your book
My kids ROCK, I had to run errands and not only did they get their homeschool assignments done but made lunch as well!
Love it!
Council votes to come back with names for possible appointment to fill HansonCox's shoes in two weeks
The weekend, is coming fast.
I hope this weekend, is great.
Oh and we lost
Hope tiny airport isnt busy.
See no reason it would be...
Come on taxi where are you.
You eat Cajun food?
Since when???
RT : On a date with my lovely roommate : Margaritas and Cajun food!
I do.
I also use Adobe Premiere Pro.
Are you doing anything tomorrow after 6?
Osama is dead no way omg whatching celeb aprentice then says it will be interuppted by obamas speech and guess what my bro guessed it lol
Sadly, Current TV to most people means the latest episode of The Bachelor and American Idol.
what are u guys doing today?:
Ty lawson is killing!
Stop that nigga!!
thanks for the follow!
tonight!
Come out!
Giving should cause change...
If everyone gave a little more, there would be more than enough to change the world!
my boss has been so nice to me lately :

thx for the mention Katie!
i have a 2 minute monologue to write  perform by friday.
a world history project  a research paper, an algebra test.
dance!
lovely.
I miss this account.
:
I got this ghetto icecream trailer outside my house right now..
Find your passion, be great at it and give it to someone or some thing.
Be both one who is and one who does.
Thanks for the RT!
make sure to join us on facebook as well.
I have a sudden craving for Pasta....
I now get Discovery Fit and Health.
Holy crap i can't tear my eyes away.
Kid I babysit: Why not?
Me: Because you're a child.
Kid: So?
You're a child, too.
Just not a kid.
Great screening of A Better Life!
Thanks, Nice words from Chris Newman of and Ruben Tapia of KPFK.
Cannot wait to get confirmed!!
upgradinmyfaith!!!
I know, he's so gorge
SO thrilled to have a 4 day long weekend...
Off to LA later today to visit with friendS
Awww.
I'm totally doing a lonely hand trumpet Baker Street over my margarita right now.
Dootdootdoodoodoodoodleoooooo...
But of course ;
thanks for the RT!
You rock!
How are your sessions?
its sucks here I wanna go to LA B
I need some followers ma
obama fails 99 in ways that would be easy not to fail at.
Letting Bush taxcuts expire or pardoning Manning are easy to do
Final in the morning and I'm wide awake.
Ugh.
2 hours until we're officially launched
Can you imagine what the New Orleans Saints would be like with the 49ers defense?
tanning then out to dinner with my sister 3
y u feel that way
your nose is fat like squidwards
Got my Jersey doctorss on, Jordan heels match my press on.
I would like both...duh.
We shall see but a little way if we require to understand what we see.
We are closing half an hour early, at 5:30pm today, for a private party tonight.
So come and get it now!
Happy Sunday Every Body!
Screw Yall and I do Have home training!!!
lifting a brow No.
I don't do waiting.
Eli had the best QB rating in the 4th but and Brady didn't have to throw the ball in the fourth most the year
cnndialogues :Egyptian brotherhood will b judged on 2 things:Smooth transfer of power from military to parliament and strengthening economy
same here just at work where ya from
Way to nice for work
Everything is going perfect!
And I'm happy: I don't want this feeling to go away!!
Ms.
Etta James RIP not only has your music been memorable but represents the epitome of real, good music!.
hey michigan you feel that?
shit just got real :
foodsmart has it.Bravo's Bethenny Frankel makes her margaritas skinny by skipping the sugary mix and using nature's own fresh lime juice.
Fab Design Tip: Switchout your pillow covers for the pastel version of the colors that you are currently using.
Damages on the plane tonight!
And I love the Good Wife : Next stop  Breaking Bad
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself 
Amy Winehouse dead?
:
I give ya my heart, take me in your arms and hold me Jesus PandoraWorship FredKirk
I've felt so distant from you lately.
We should talk more.
:
The links didn't work on our last tweet.
Whoops
My favorite line from my absolute favorite Smiths song
Riely is so pissed right now because she can't find my hair tie lol
I less put off by minor grammatical errors in a wellorganized post than by a post that rambles or doesn't hang together.
I'm so exhausted from watching that game
The weekend is here,  it is time to head to , doors open at 9pm till 3am, NewFormat, Great music, doctornkSpecials, stop by
Finishing touches for Been There Done That is almost done, should be complete by tomorrow.
Hopefully off to the printers the following week.
...
but by that same reasoning should all liberals leave predominantly conservative states?
That seems problematic.
Crap!
I'm missing the
The evolving proxy war in South Asia  the Middle East is too often painted in broad strokes.
Good to see you discuss finer points
whathurtsthemost by rascall flats is one of my fav songs of all time 3
also find a lot that multiple clicks are needed to get to a real info source, like the recipe to go w/ that food pic.
nuh uh.
hahah thats amazing!!!
when am i coming to Nashville to visit???
what's up?
When did you make a twitter?
Ha.
Well thanks.
I think.
I will start grilling meats on Mondays since no one is interested in playing poker anymore.
Of course.
That's why they hired a temp in the first place.
That and they don't have quite enough work to justify another emp.
Your best guess.
of Cobb playing Sunday?
That sounds nice and relaxing.
I hope u both had fun and a great time
Your opinion isn't needed in everything..
its section 115 row 23 I got 2 tickets 150 or best offer each
Oh I guess were sleeping over?;
Welcome to all of our new followers!
Feel free to say hello...We won't bite!
lol 
what movie?!
I take that back..
I'm not in my car so I don't have it with me.
yeah, same here :
money, you hate it.
Giuseppe Mazzini The family is the country of the heart.
There's a women on singing bee from Kentucky  she has her teeth  doesn't look skanky.
Lol
will my brother not leave you alone?
Rollover accident reported on Mill Plain  C Street in Vancouver.
AIR 12 is on the way.
Ur at a nice picnic on a sunny day.Birds chirping.
Slight breeze.
A lady bug lands on your knee.
I'm there w/ terets.
WUTANGISONYOBRAIN!
Finally done!
We're going to record a new cover song while we track new material.
Maybe Bjork?
Cake?
any suggestions?
Some of you Twitter preachers are something I don't care for.
dtl2011 you should see a professorle button on your iPad
bad date last night lol
I think I hear on the Chicago Skyway!
School of the Arts Dance Department continues to prove that it's a joke more and more everyday.
Graduation, come faster please?
red star rocks for that!
I hate how the CBS announcers talk.
They talk so condescendingly.
A total stranger praised my pursuit of music and the arts and wished me well in all I do.
I love little positive things like that.
Congrats to the Nuggets still don't think they'll win the series.
Got monster games from McGee and Miller and Lakers got nothing from...
nope.
we just don't get it.
never will.
there people that arrive to my life and dont inspired me but you just appear on the tv and you are part of my life
do you go to school?
RT : Retweet my LAST tweet if you want me to follow you!!
Hurry!!
top of the morning, ray!
No.
I don't have the flu.
The flu has me and boy, am I making it suffer.
We're shooting the Cougar Hunt video next month  can you come to Seattle ;
You knew that.
I'm a very hateful person.
Rose  Turner go way back.
BadBlood RT: : it's the playoffs.
He should be fired up.
Proud of him for that.
Don't worry never say never you'll meet Austin someday!!
Dishonest, and you can always trust a dishonest man to be dishonest.
Honestly, it's the honest ones you have to watch out for.
Johnny Depp
Good catching up with my boy today, we need to kick it this summer my man
Everyone has faith the sun will rise and set each day, why then it is so hard to have faith in the God who created these things to happen?
que viva latinos!!!!!
I tired of feeln sick and tired
Loria is a famous collector of modern art; probably why new Marlins' logo/motif looks like it does.
I'm not on a show.
Movies right now.
No One Lives w Luke Evans.The Chaperone w Ariel Winters are my latest films
Sad for the San Diego Chargers, but happy for Jets QB Mark Sanchez...a family friend!
I love Whitney Houston!
So sad she is gone!
you are super creepy.
Get to work
now you've got me thinking....
Should we be on Pinterest?!
;
Q 10.
Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Great webinar today!
Thanks for all the social media tips!
PolO  this is wat was in my tweet box wen I took my phone from my niece Oo
outcry against Riley was mostly abt legitimizing ignorant/racist position...not how it's being taken up.
?
LuckiCharmz happy New Year !
: hope this year brings many adventures, friends, love  great memories!
What do you want 2012 to be for you?
I will say, the Spartan fans at the are MUCH louder than UConn's.
Sorry

Sometimes I feel like Im waiting for something that isn't going to happen...
This nap was a fail, falling into a deep coma
Car broke down?
Barack Obama is an excellent speaker.
Im tired I only got 4 hours of sleep lastnight
its crazy...and now iTunes doesn't have the season finale of H50...which I can usually download now....not a happy peep!
It's a marathonnot a sprint!
most disappointing season I've ever witnessed.
And everywhere!
Probably, damn people are talking in circles tonight, explain that one Megan?
cute musicologist?
yes, please.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!
no it was just a joke...lol
Politically speaking, that is.
Bought some Bud Light Platinum we'll see what all the hype is about.
FF New education reporter , and
im asking my dad to buy me some shirts.
please say yes
can't wait!!!
Gates open at 5p with music kicking off shortly after!
See you there, lady!
I thought I was the only onee lol
went to sleep smiling, woke up smiling.
Mine was jigger..
lol i know silly right?
I was always moving, dancing, singing.
wouldn't stop i guess.
Brauny clearly is sucking it up for the team.
HR No.
9!
I need new people to talk to .
I need NEW friends.
Im getting sick of the ones i have .
Ahahaha im kidding
Dynamic Box  others!
This Sunday at The ELBO ROOM in CHICAGO!
BANDS start at 6pm  Goes til 11pm  CHECK IT OUT!
The sky is starting to brighten.
I bet it will be a lovely May day.
well it happen bro I heard u leftb
Free social network promo on my professorle.
Works great for follows.
Would you like to follow 4 follow?
:
Check our web site under weird news to find out which College is recruiting sex slaves.
Baldinger
Bob ruins all of our quality time xD
pw2012 many people are credit worthy but not credit educated
YOU can help to ensure a safer SF!
Contact Linnette at 415.609.4222 or to get involved
Lol I know how you feel.
unfortunately our lead guitarist quit the band a couple weeks ago : Since he was such a big part of the band, we've got
I hope you all are going to but TurnToYou when releases it tomorrow.
I know I'm buying it!!!
What did the egg say to the boiling water?...
You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
well dang it's gonna have to work!
My life is there
cooln fam was been good wit you ?
i thought so!
The Ride will begin with fireworks under the lights of the Las Vegas Strip and proceed past the Las Vegas FOE Aerie to I15 / I95.
same with chickfila
That seems like a conservative estimate.
: The average person will spend three years on the toilet during their lifetime
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted.
Ruth E.
Renkl
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to your tweets.
:
does it say anywhere that we assemble apparel?
And you are who by the way
lol!
Nice one mum ;
THIS SUNDAY!
LETS CELEBRATE LIFE PRESIDENTIAL BOWTIES  doctorSSES AFFAIR FEAT FOR TIX CALL 2025606264
It's Earth Day!
Stop into Roche Bros.
or Sudbury Farms to get a reusable grocery bag.
Every time you use it  5 is donated to Childoctorn's!
but Brown takes on a piece of Morgan, not necessarily the whole thesis
Hey you should include the forum on your iPhone app.
Can't get enough!
Absolutely!
RT  this group doesn't do pink denial; we never have and we never will.
Just tell the truth.
Ariana!!!!
good luck tomorrow baby!: Put Your Hearts Up3
Mad thanks to for involving us in the Holiday Craft Fair this weekend.
It was so much fun to help so many people make zines!
Can't wait until I get my awards for football...
This banquet going to crack
Saw the NEW EPISODE OF SHAKE IT UP Protest It Up SO GOOD  It Has Show Ya How song by 
hahaha!
Why are they basically the same person????
It's kinda scary 
If people only knew how hard I work to gain my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all.
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number so call me maybe ;
Planning a 10 day trip to cinci in June!!!!!
Yay accruing more vacation days!
shes just a 14 year old girl.....
what if people said that 2 u???
i hope does wins the TCA i vote 4 her everyday
very nice set tonight!
Tell the guitarist in the back he did an amazing solo on Head Home.
What's his name?
im whidd god until the end
They scored the 2nd most runs in BB but they also had an outfielder pitching the other night.
smh
I.
AM.
SO.
BORED
Yes Quyana for the RT!
Thank you so much!
I'm going to be in the State Fair Parade!
: I hope to see you all there!
Good to Know Fact: Massage during pregnancy relieves many of the aches and pains often accompanying the changing mother's body.
Sweet!
Thanks, brother!
Bonhoeffer graduate Jonathan Irwin just received the William Wilberforce Award for vigorously engaging the public square.
lmao!
they are just a bunch of dumb fucks!!
Great to meet you here on Twitter.
Golf time
erica he has a BAD BACK
FVCK LENT doe
YES!
RT : Booked a commerical, had a film audition, Shakespeare audition, plus a fantastic meet and greet !
Where are you betch?
good morning stranger next time u see me speak big head lol
ill have to remember that..
i love them
Merry Christmas from !
Go Daddy boycott slows, domain transfers in almost doubles those going out
I get it.
Stevie reworked happy birthday in support of King holiday  now we witness rebirth of King in a huge way.
my car smells like assholes.
i believe this to be my fault.
whered the hell is that?
This is my specialty.
I know I'm the bomb diggity now I'm ready to do your hair for graduation all I can say is its going to be
Shannon:I'm just a fat walking potato.
Lmfaaaooo!!!
Time to give my nosy ass neighbors something more to talk about ima start taking my dog out in my boxers.
Hopefully one of them is reading!
Leading lady Jane Wyman is the only woman to have been an exwife of a US president: she was married to Ronald Reagan from 1940 to 1948.
50 Royals in the 2nd but if any team can crap more runs than a lactose intolerant man at the Belfonte ice cream factory, it's the
; love lights.
oh!
Very nice!!!
Headin out for the night.
Dont have to be in the studio til mon
That's your name, don't wear it out
STANDING TALL AND TALENTED!.....good game tonight!
keep it up!
Streptococci help plaque to form.
Plaque is home for infectious bacteria.
Kill the strep  the bacteria.
Learn more at: www.closys.com
Just woke up from a 5 hour nap  I don't know if I'll sleep the rest of the night..
Two more sales on !
Looking for gifts for any of the ladies in your life?
Look no further!
dirtyslaundoctor.etsy.com has what you need!
You going to bed?!
Let me guess on the floor?
3 :LOL.
i.e.
when the news kept posting Sybrina's accidentstatement...days AFTER she sent her clarity statement
Thanks for being obedient!
rain threat low in the morning and early afternoon, after 3pm chance of rain/storms.
Severe threat looks west and south
lmao!
Yeah it'll do that for the first 2 wks i was just like you!
Then i got in a routine so it was all good
I don't: I need a smart and a hard working guy.
I won't just date anyone.
They need to be worth it:
wma2011 learning how to think with art is far more interesting vision
Luv kexp I Power tagline, avatar, splash, sticker social media campaign
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Cycling 1.
Gazelle 0.
I'd like to complain about what hurts  but it's not G rated.
I feel calmer already!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!
Have fun and stay safe.
Slainte!
Free Noodles  Company for lunch, just for working on Lake St in Oak Park.
Happy Monday.
yeah that can do it haha!
And nice!
What did you specialize in ?
And I'm thinking about going the TUF way but still not sure...
Hope everyone had a Bright and Blessed Mother's Day!
I'm glad you tweeted tonight.
Me and were just wondering if you were dead!!
My sister keeper 3
Christina Hendoctorcks, this ramone lady on might be your future.
Hola to my favorite faux scrapbooker!

Grand Opening Celebration today!
Raffle entries all day, and at 8p, come hear musician Erica Warford.
I'll look and see if I have any left
I suspect few saw that one coming.
MyMomistercks Because She Always KEEP her Word and Keep It One Hunnit ALL The Time.
I hate when people dont pay attention to a interesting conv.
HateLies3Trust
sorry guys, I'm giving the bracket board to , he was the 1st responder.
See you all thursday !
Great, send me an email at and I'll send over some info.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Watch Mister Rogers  Me, a documentary produced by Fred Rogers' neighbor, on MPTV 10 at 8PM.
During the Great Depression, the US built one of the greatest engineering feats ever.
At 8 on MPTV 10 on  the Hoover Dam.
I can't believe you're at this USC Stanford game.
So sick.
This chick is bad
extremely disappointed to learn that only 2 of 8 COMMONpitch ideas selected are from MKE.
How is this proMKE?
Do not bother.
RT  I Have So Much Passion For The New England Patriots Its Like I Live In Boston; Not To Forget The Celtics, Red Sox...
Catering function this am, followed by BIG meeting all day.
Ancient aliens is pretty rad.
The capitol building is a freakin' maze.
Genesect?
They gave him out at events, right?
Regrets collect like old friends.
Bruins need to go get Nash!
It's funny how my customers always want to pretend to take a bite of my soaps after they pick them up...Temptation was Eve's reply hehee
American Dad  Family Guy
All The Care I Would Take All The Love That We Made And Now You Trynna Find Somebody To Replace What I Gave To Ya...
Irrationally angry that peanut butter frosting exists and I can't eat it.
He's a patent examiner.
Thx Kim.
Just trying to keep up with you.
How are things at doctoramTown?
Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to affect your nature.
RT : A man wearing an Afghan army uniform has shot dead an American service member in southern Afghanistan, officials said...
Nice.
Spring Training is a blast and it's never a dull moment with  crew.
First round at Dos Gringos is on me.
Wow this girl really just said that on tv
is a BART ride away.
LOVE THAT!

Yeah as long as you don't party too hard at night too often, that's they key to surviving in nightlife!
Senator John McCain, while not a fan said Elections have consequenses.
Is that a problem?
Perhaps we should think about that!
I didn't feel really at home until year 4.
I'm considering why that is, not sure yet.
hey there
damn it is april fools day.
wow forgot all about that day,
tire iron an Leather strap?
Studio is looking sick.
Love the atmosphere!
I found a great way to avoid all the time and hassle of ironing and it's completely free!
I call it, not giving a shit.
yea until you get shot at!!!
I haven't but you know just sayin, so what's your life like??
Power just went out
Finally time to get some windows cleaned, heading to St.
Paul, near the capitol today.
Pissed off to the max right now but its all good...I'm about to get this good ol' I.d.
get my life on track
MEN: How many times are you gotten a blowjob in the back of a movie theater with someone sitting next to you?
RSVP: Weed Road
It's ok.
My computer needs to be fixed.
As for work, I love it!
So its not so bad, plus I sleep much better now!
Ha ha.
some of the kennel namez go back a long wayz in the Total Shiba book.
Only 2 days of work this week....only 2 days till my birthday....only 20 minutes left on this smelly train.
it's hard to judge just based off one episode.
I'll probably give it a couple more before I decide whether to continue.
oh wow.
Well ima stay outta it I don't wanna hit a nerve lol : hope the best for y'all sis
Yes, you only put one eye....
dumb ass....
ahaha
thanks boy :
Today's challenging sourcing work: Merchandise planners out of select topnotch competitors.
Ok great.
You know I always love to chit chat!!!
Lol.
Don't miss out on this week!
And definitely check out the menus at BlueBoheme, 
Here in Boston, the rain is pouring down.
So yes, coffee, please!
LET IT BE !
Go JB !
Hope the message gets thru to all the peeps!
cute scarf!

great discussion about innovation, social media and higher education.
Looking forward to more discussions with
love the goose!
Does he/she have a name?
Hello Whistler!
Okay, that's 4 more resumes sent, for a grand total of 14 out there.
That ought to lead to a few callbacks.
whatever if its a body pillow that shit probably flat now ya big ass
I would have voted brick...from personal experience
Up earlier than expected ..still Kush up from last night..still finna roll up again
love all hate none.
Hello everyone can you please follow one of my really really really close friends !!: thankk youu !:
That OVO and that XO is everything you believe in.
ah, I get it.
lol I was super confused, but now I get it.
:
Conducting a concert on a Barge during a windy storm was interesting.
The music stand kept sliding from side to side.
my dads speech on life  true friends he's giving me right now...
awh i love him
A smile hides a thousand tears and a broken heart.
Thanks to all attendees, restaurants, MSOE, and volunteers.
So awesome
Breakfast in the pm with the guys
BDay present this year Garmin watch!
Officially joining those using lap ft.,tracking pace, etc.
I feel like I just joined big kid table
Lexi!
you're so pretty.
I am going to Singapore!
But you have already left...
Just way too obnoxious for my tastes.
So overdoctormatic, so selfish, such a jerk in just about every regard.
got me too but u caught it.
did he sign
Thanks Molly!
Welcome , , !
Thanks for following
I have so much to pack that I don't know if it can be done in the next few days before Monday.
.
.
.
.
.

followed back
Do you wanna start with Coolidge or Reagan?
Both sucked.
Is everyone going crazy for the Marni for HM collection today?
We like the jewelry and prints.
NW; Impractical jokers
im so hungrey i can eat eney thing right now
I think I just saw Christian Finnegan from Best Week Ever walking on Broad St.
but doesn't think so.
when did this happen lmfao
dal.a c someone no haha
which city?
Leo Burd from MIT Center for Civic Media speaking on, Design technology for social inclusion
New look for our Eco Framing FB Page  similar to the Timeline GUI launched a couple months ago  check it out!
Can that ball boy play 3rd?
Or SS?
Please?
Ah no, I'm from Portland and I'm a little picky!
Hey Richard, Thanks for following me on Twitter
I can actually see him doing it because Y is pretty sarcastic but no, Shia should not be allowed anywhere near this.
I'm making a hash tag for the Random House Library Advisory Board.
I hope others pick up on it.
We promise we will be back at 100 very early next year!
Thanks guys!
: 10 minutes til I serve the Exploration Cocktail from to thirsty guests at the mcc2012 
Q1.
The Official Twitter Theme Song should be...
less than a minute.
They walked in the booth I was in and they pulled their dicks out.
I was sitting there in my jockstrap.
Kantor had just thrown a trunk, w/ contents unknown to public, into the ocean.
1600 people showed up for experience.
Quote of the night: There's a lot of Jewish people here tonight.
You're either going to get this or not.
it said that on all our school computers today haahah
Penny needs to STFU.
Ego is unbecoming.
omg I wish...lol but you don't follow me!
I may be home in LA but I left my heart in Sayulita, Mexico!
lol follow my self???
Tahquitz casts sacred spell yesterday, today
Why is it that ALL the super attractive cute sweet funny smart stunning amazing romantic sexy GUYS go to every school but mine?!?!
2nd gig in Paris was murder.
Joint packed  we played superbly, then on to a jam w/Margitza.
So good 2 C  play w/him again.
Last gig 2nite.
Could really use some distraction today.
Come on, students!
I know you have final papers to research!
Sometimes you have a client...and they should rent.
I saw a commercial the other day.
I'm going shopping tomorrow and will find them.
Is Patterson still italicizing random words in that series of books?
doctorve me nuts.
Created PenforRent business page on LinkedIn yesterday.
Hope you'll check it out  follow it.
Thanx for taking a moment to Follow, it means a lot!
Avengers was pretty awesome.
Great dialogue and it had Robin Scherbatsky from HIMYM!
It is for me.
Are you using WiFI or cell service?
Try killing the app and reopening it?
Subway again.
:
Woot!
Finally back in Denver!
Missed this town, but seeing the ladies was lovely!
well, I wasn't going to say that but  yea  be a men among boys :
and it came and went with nothing happening.
I'm in such a great mood.
Things are finally getting better for me.
:
Aw THANK YOU SOO MUCH I REALLY APPRECIATE IT!!
way ahead of you.
Keep working hard.
You Finna kill the game :
The Big Brutal Easy
With miamimegamission listening to Ambassador Daniel Shapiro  says he has to pick  choose which groups he sees, but we were a no brainer
Pitt/PSU rivalry is dead.
I'll be surprised if it comes back....so good luck coach O'Brien
do not let 1 moment go by tht doesnt remind u that ur heart beats 100,000x a day n there r enough gallons of blood 2 make every1 of u oceans
The people at the dentist are always so nice...
but I know they are just masking the pain they are about to inflict ;
Why have I been up for two hours already?
Glad I could make it to , Today's topic: Inspiring Millennial Philanthropy
Love to see arenafootball strategy being used in the super bowl
Aw.Turn the lighs on!:O
plane tickets is out of line boy lol
Just about to go on the air on carlsononthelaw on I'll be talking about pot and naked bike riding...
go home mother is worried about you...
Sing Solidarity Forever...
fuck the star spangled banner.
Don't indirectly tweet me bastard.
Grow a pair.
: it's raining...and im wearing a white shirt.
of course.
niiiicccceeeee!!!!
When a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment.
When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's 3.95 a minute.
Show cancelled tonight!
ICantStandWhen your takin a test and you nose starts to wheeze and ya can't get it to stop
Pokerstars Caribbean Adventure.
I hope it doesn't rain, I wanna ride outside
it is a message asking me to connect with u on namyz
distractions are the worst
bands of the world: if you want to know what awesome is, go see archers of loaf on their tour.
holy crap face.
But I still dont think teens should just go and get pregnant...They should use more caution if they are sexually active
Glad to have it.
I just said that cuz I seen u on my tweeter feed lol
yeah your right..lol....
hey do you like cumbias?
Happy New Year to everyone!
Wishing you the best for the year ahead.
Live well.
It would be a shame if you weren't at Racebannon's show at Red 7 Monday.
Be there.
eli2011 Thanks to Signals, Purdue has seen 610 improvement in retention from freshman to sophomore.
What a long ass day!
Wat a happy feet 2????
Im down to go see that november 13 who else is down??lol
Ok I think I'm ready for tomorrow I figured out how to program the coffee pot.
oops, obviously it's going to be a spelling error morning, lol
so moved back in home, getting the band started again!
life is good my friends!
So i go to my sisters room and this b is in the bed, hell no........
WOW!
people who do not pay federal income taxes but not claimed as dependents in 1984  14.8, in 2009  49.5
Go binary.
1024 words/day.
Oh, didn't get Angels as thought 1218.
instead got gold stars for the stars they are, they light up my life more than they will ever know.
Every contact, situation, experience, or adventure, leads to positive, negative, or meaningless learning.
Think, use, store or discard it.
After all is said and done, there is usually more said than done.
i have more followers then both you foos.
Take that :P
I did not expect that
RT : Loose, broken ductwork accounts for 1535 of a homes energy loss.
Have a professorssional test ductwork to locate and seal leaks.
4 days of master mind meetings this week with the winner's circle
Does Africa's economic growth mean that the top  are finding ways to alleviate the conditions of the 99
THE RACE IS NOT GIVEN TO THE SWIFT NOR THE STRONG BUT HE THAT ENDURE UNTIL THE END!!!!!!
JUST RUN ON AND SEE WHAT THE END GONNA BE!!!!
If ur a country music independent/unsigned artist and/or band  would like for ur music to be reviewed, contact us!
RT BarackObama: We will return with the help you need with or without the blessing of Congress
I hate when Ppl text in my ear like really punk
To the dealer...Every deal everyday is important, so theres no need to wait
RT : heading to pasadena for area reception for accepted student!
Let us know how it goes!
I like the look.
Is this WordPress?
If time allows, it's a good idea for retailers to claim their business on foursquare so they have more control
she is the head girl .....
Jasmine Jazanti Santiago
My mom got the thing so i can plug my ipod in the car stereo wood.
John Cammack: I want Baltimore to be the silicon valley of edtech start ups.
We have all the ingredients.
I was right about the fact that Vonnegut was in doctorsden, regardless of whether that was really in the argument we were having
I'd fight for you :

One's belief might be the foundation for everything that they do in life.
May it be stupid or not.
Morneau just creamed one to center.
His homers are just a thing of beauty.
Will you please please please only play the Pogues and Sin City Disciples at my funeral?
Thanks, Dude.
I should have been violently killed long ago.
Instead, he was.
why dont you Vox me???
i Vox u get all brewtech to follow me!!!
i need more followers pls
You've gotta be more creative than that!
's adorable ; Make your own coffee shop!
Unquiet1, is that Mellow Mushroom?
We not FRIENDS, so stop giving me nicknames and telling me ya bizness!
Yes, seems like 20 lifetimes ago.
All is well, I hope the same for you.
I don't know what RadioExiles is, but will check it out.
ill probably be around for next years tastecamp.
Couldn't resist vawine.
It's my wine home.
Its crazy how to tear doctorps make a heart.
Botox has it's Rewards!
Up to 125 in Rebates from the Botox peeps contact Skintastic.com for details  Look More Beautiful!
When You Start doctoraming And Working To Your Accomplishments, Thats When You Start Living!
what's up matey?
Congratulations on your nod KCA..
also digging your new tune..
loved that art piece Livy did inspired by WSO
okay just let me know what time to hop on
Thanks for RTs and/or paper.li inclusion
Yup.
I just booked a family trip on and am filled with doctorad.
The lines blurred a lot in the past few years.
Change is one thing that's constant in media, esp when technology enter into it
Getting mentally ready to Run the Gauntlet with and
Omonia has the best Greek coffee  Cookies in Denver ...
my dad RSVP to the email he got about the picnic so we didnt get to go.
I'm going next year!!!
starting to get pissed off 
The dude on CNN just pointed to Kansas on a map and called it Oklahoma
thought i felt better today....
but i dont
time to make some money this year.........
super grind mode
And that is the subject of a blog I'm currently working on.
I really want to challenge the NO CELL PHONES urge we all have.
My son used to travel all over for cross country.
I am very sorry about the funeral.
In Tucson, imagining.
Mariners shut out the Twins behind KingFelix winning 70!
comeover and eat our bacon 
You already know, let's do it!
Only time i'm comin back is Sundays for the
Rihanna is bad ass
omg I am so excited to c u guys perform!
I love u so much please please follow me?
:
TeamFollowBack can suck my dick you bunch of losers
Oops....
Caught up in a fairly wizardly adventure!
Come check it out before we close our season til September!
Blackhole, Thanks for donating your fine coffee for our plant sale, its only 10 days away!!
Fun Fact: Flamingos are pink because of the food they eat.
I wonder what they eat?
And why they like to stand on one leg?
: Hi, Welcome to Hollister.
Here's your gas mask and your flashlight.
Josh Hamilton, tonight: 4 HRs in 5 ABs.
All Mets, Giants and Padoctors hitters, combined, month of May: 3 HRs in 641 ABs.
Find the most static  immovable part of your business or process  nudge it imperceptibly in a new direction
whos that lovely lady?
An excellent read: RT : Combat PTSD in 15 minutes.
FREE EBOOK What is it, what does it look like, where to get help....
They're either commitmentphobes or just trying desperately to get a followback.
fo real!
I'm not a good girl, excuse me, I like to be wild and have fun.
:
Yep I'm half Egyptian, from my mom's side.
That last one was obviously meant to be Q7.
Be well, my friend.
I'm finally feeling like 75 of myself.
did you like that wink I shot you?
I think I seduced jules ;
roadtrip to see during THATCamp on 4/25?
The Higher Caliber Klique?
They are over charging for the earths natural resources....america is for sale...
This is modern day slavery...people wake up...
2 more tests left...
ugh!
Time flys when your having fun
Welcome.
Are the Grey books giving you a bump in readers?
first day of spring break  massive cleaning.
The Atlanta RR Clinic is now starting at 11am this Saturday.
That's one hour extra of Read  React goodness!
Happy new year everyone!!
Hey Jeff, thanks for the follow.
I see you a fellow despiser of SOPA.
Keep fighting the good fight.
PACKER NATION SE SAYS GO PACK GO
God builds your faith through delays, difficulties, and dead ends, so that when he delivers you, God gets all the credit!
Don't lose faith!
Portland Trail Blazers 31 Milwaukee Bucks 33 End Of 1st trailblazers bucks nba
I just have no feelings toward school at all right now.
Who would steal shopping carts?
Hobos.
Would like to hear more about this.
Accident I15 south at Sahara.
Off on the shoulder.
No major delays.
I'll let u know.
Ight
I think iv changed my mind ..
s/o to my mama man always been their str8up
Young athletes should be chasing athletic scholarships read this allsportsvideos.wordpress.com
Today I'm trying very hard to give myself permission to work on one overdue project at a time, rather than 7.
Hoping for more progress.
The sex aint as good when I dont care for the person....ijs
Writing a story about mom who sued Nutella b/c advertising made her think she was feeding kids something healthy.
Really?
I have One Direction Infection.
33333
You're welcome.
tickets are at will call!
thx for the follow!
best answer RT A2: I wanna go back to early 90s, where all my flannel shirts would be cool instead of hipster ironic.
Everything for a reason .
We've been here before under slightly diff circumstances.
Innovation and technology will always change the way we work.
Rio
Working on a Saturday to catch up before HighPoint Market on Monday!
10 cups in a day, haha.
Had more than that?
really?
hmm that sounds pretty delicious.
I'm heading there tonight, I'll pick some up.
Why do people prove points that aren't relative to the topic.
Hysterical aint it?
LMAO If thats what you want to think
People are really into covertly taking cameraphone pictures of other people.
fuck the world.
doctornk more.
Or sober up like me.
thanks for mentioning us.
A new era is starting...what a business trip, what an experience!
thank you so much!
That was so nice of you.
It was a great class, right?!
and I are playin floors via twitter 
WOW So, OliviaOutsideTheGrammys is a trending topic?
bofl!!
Ya'll ain't right!
o
!
no one was supposed to kno ; lmaoo
Severe tstorm warning for SE Dodge and central Washington counties until 2:30.
Hail is biggest threat.
1/2 dollar fell N of Watertown.
Woody Allen The best angle from which to approach any problem is the tryangle.
Twitter at work....
always a risky idea
Thank you for having the most entertaining match at last week Lockdown.
Just wish u would have won
Peddle mashed down, painted red toes, sunglasses on, headed south down a dirt road, bye bye, back to the wind, she's gone
B/C even though he has bad days, he IS a doctor?
RT : I only like it when John beats up Sherlock.
I was so cranky last nite so was he  I kept waking up out my sleep
Wether you think you can or think u can't....
Your right!
old news but yea it's an
bad bitches get low
Obama is going to have a lot of Gay votes this yearr!
The love needs to be equal.
Every band deserves to be loved, right??
Fuck yeah :P
that's what Ima do
I second that hork.
she prolly dont trust because of all the bullshit u put her thru.
The Movie Sensei would like to thank all his new followers!
Domo Arigato
Figures, I guess :
I am offically obsessed with the walking dead.
i dont myself :/
hey Britt!
Sitting next to your mom.
:
Thank you flourbakery Central Sq, for this vanilla milkshake atop a magic chocolate pillow.
Aka: chocolate cupcake.
Oh, good.
You've read The Hunger Games, though, right?
And The Maze Runner series is pretty good too, along the lines of survival.
sacscoc General sessionBest Practices in Assessing Student Learning by Gloria Rogers
I'm going to watch a DVD, cause the stupid tv won't Shutup!
: Ok grass cut I think I need a six pack of Budweiser like ASAP.
ciroc early Wat u say bra
I'm so happy that politico memes are becoming a thing.
Endless distractions!
I conquered India, Africa, Canada, Australia, invaded Russia, Prussia and founded the first colony.
Legit.
Let's do it to it!
:D I may try  do a lil show that week!
: How about we meet up during CMA fest?!?!
YesYesYes
yep it's pretty gnarly: I think Fragments is the best!!
I'll refollow you if you
I really love my little Hartke 2100 Pro cab,BIG tone!..little box..but its kinda heavy,very good extention into lowest notes...34hz!
dang it.
SO EXCITED!!
No Bobby, he gets a pass...
for cuteness factor, plus it is pcbw not: ;D cc
Congrats to all of the SC students who graduated this Friday!!!!
Well we were going to take it easy tonight, but now I guess well make it sleezy tonight
You, too!
I am looking forward to coming back up there to your fabulous High Falls Mercantile!
RT : The videos ready soon.
Agile is a change framework for software delivery...because the business needs us to change
I think it's cool that celebs actually write what they think on here.
I'm  work watching MNF.
I would purposely have no ID and speak spanish, can you say LAWSUIT!
Fan favorite Red Panda about to take the stage/court.
Reading Half the Sky at the library.
Riveted by the effective truelife storytelling use in nonfiction.
it is a good morning tho
When you are nasty to other people its usually because you dont like yourself....
Omg just keep talking .t
Congrats to Rick Rieman for picking up 2 vouchers to Sesame Street Live at April 2729.
Another shot at tix is coming up...
RT : The westbound lanes of 1604 at 281 will be closed through Mon.
If this affects your route, use 410 to come to the park.
So I'm feeling really good about this shoot today :
LOL Life has been hectic.
Can't keep up w/ technology!
See you Wed nite?
Heading to the show soon!
Pics up later!
C the kickoff of RMHCs SuperBowl commercial starring a 6yr old cancer survivor and help his support network grow even bigger!
6p EST tmw!
You don't doctorwn by falling in the water; you doctorwn by staying there.
Edwin Louis Cole
There comes a moment when it's more than just a game, and you either take that step forward or turn around and walk away
love your background!
thanks for following!
On The Score  7:30  Si.com writer Andy Staples
blew my mind.
Fucking crazy show!
Chipped tooth well worth it.
I feel bad for though.
Yolanda Adam's tribute to Whitney gave me goose bumps.
Ohh best of luck with your search!
I work at an advertising agency in downtown SD nowadays.
Whatchoo up to besides Neverland??
Austin is so cute in his new interview :
I look foward to reading your work!
:
Switching accounts for results.
Keep following
Legs hurt so badly!!!!
One more !
thanks for making me look half way smart!
Ha
Time to go for a run.
:
Do you use this account still?
I would like to have it.
Good morning and s/o to
Dumb question?
Are there limits?
: I have like six people wanting me to follow I can'tI'm chicken!LOL.How many...
Oh my god you have your license and a car you're so cool please tell me more.
I can't remember which of my eccentricities are real, and which ones I keep up just because my friends find them so damn amusing.
Hey Arnold 
Ear ache last night.
No bueno.
:/
Apparently refs still think they can pull this out for GB.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.
Robert Louis Stevenson
congrats dude!!!!
hmm...
how about everyone else shaves their heads?
It's more aerodynamic.
yea : so Can I get yo numba so I can txt U ?
Love reading  seeing pics about all the MLB teams loading the trucks to head for spring training.
Game ON!!
we gon bend so cum bust it open lol
can you come to school tommorow?
The absolute satisfaction at the end of the day when you discover a new song.
where is that price ?
I bought it yesterday on Amazon for 9.95
What's your fave hungerfighting org?
big men can't dominate w/o the ball  Shaq
What's on channel 27?
my bday present to you
congrats eloy!!!
That is awesome.
Best of luck in all you do!
just signed up for Massive Open Online Class on Online Learning Today...and Tomorrow.
see link in previous post
Last night was awesome and I finally got to see you guys in concert and it was worth it!!!
Rock on!!!!
that is a good assumption!
There is something in a packed box that is playing The doctoridel Song on repeat and I've no idea where it is.
Polls have only been open a little over an hour and I was number 119.
Going to be a high turnout for non Pres, non Gov election.
We were both young when I first saw you
Microwaving marshmallows on a Saturday night.
No really, have you done it before?
the shooting range.
there are 46 in the bag.
!!
RT : Can't wait to get doctornks/network/catch up with tonight!
Heading to the event at Science Club.
Google search: ways to break into your own apartment with a pen and earphones
is looking forward to the weekend!
Let the party begin!
That's very cool!
Cheers to for being our newest sponsor!
regreting some things i have made :.
Mhm yuh right....well you know I'm here and me love you so much...u me world lol Muah Muah Muah
thanks for the love Jasmine
Why would you use a franchise tag on Matt Prater?
Sign him to a longterm deal
S/O to my man for the follow!
Miss havin you around Nutter!
Having the Rampage's 1 goalie called up to Florida today didn't hurt either......lucky break!
This dam blk family came in the store n tried to get me to use my discount cuz im blk like they had sum kinda of secret connection f outta
It's the weekend, time to get bred.
what do you exactly mean by cocky??
Just wondering
Of course!
I like things a little harsh
Im hungry
Centennial Family Discounts at Bonnet House.
Sat., Aug.
13.
1/2 price for adults and free for childoctorn 12 and under.
.no bad aly no food.
U had enuf.
Nobody's perfect.
Congrats Alexander Payne and company for Best Screenplay Oscar!
Amy please follow
Good morning, Joan!
We're so excited that you will be joining us as a judge on 4/24 for the cakeshout2012 finals!
Guess I need more single friends...all my girls got married :/
lol just saw you in the crowd!
Your girlfriend killed it tonight!
Up early taking care of business
RIP Donna Summer :
I have lost friends, some by death, others through sheer inability to cross the street.
Aw, wasn't it good?!
Have information to stream in on the web.
Contact www.vcube.com Here is some of our work.www.lachamber.com/accesslacityhall
yeah, definitely, just as I wanted to watch/listen to classics of prev.
Generation.
These refs are determined to help Lebron.
Fresh Epic Cookies await you now at !
Perfect with a gigantic hemp milk latte...
Stoked for the new album!
At Lithia Toyota...
;
The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
A scent of rain wafts through the cool Burque air.
haha...makes me laugh
Whoever said, It's not whether you win or lose that counts, probably lost.
I don't have a subscription to NYRB, so I can only read the first section online.
I'd like to read the rest.
Hoping we get to name a doctornk The Peyton Manning real soon.
your welcome  RT : Thank YOU for REtweeting :
thank you pumped to be there
just 2.5 weeks left to register for the JPA 5k on Sept.
16 at Grant Park!
Register at www.juvenile.org
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS ;P
Nuggets came to play.
Hags still flyin 100 mph.
Want a goal so badly right now.
So tired.
added to my bucket list: spend an evening on the town with
yes, it's Friidaay Eve....and I am glad.
So Tupac was at Coachella huh?
Lol Look that shit up.
It was dope as fuck
6.
Commit to ur own '20 mile march'  allocated time to it.
ASTD2012 Collins
Man.
They'll let ANYBODY in these days.
Be sure to say hi if/when in town.
I'm prolly the only person in the world that doesn't give a fuck about the avengers
UW's Marques Tuiasosopo is still the only QB in NCAA history to pass for 300 and run for 200.
Vs Stanford
Thank you so much!
The thing always happens that you really believe in and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
Frank Lloyd Wright
wtf hit the AAPL stock this week?
If it keeps going south like this I will have to raise VC funding for my Christmas expenditure!
Dear Ex, Just because I'm being nice to you doesn't mean I want you back.
Sincerely, We broke up for a reason.
Your last chance to get OGS12 passes at the Early Adopter rate is by this Thursday!
Make sure you save!
Good job and Congratulations.
Enjoy timeoff and get ready for the final year!
I am proud of you
What's good, bruh?
: Hey, can I share a private collection w/ nonusers?
I wanted a cache for clients.
lol!
Did u check that out by the way?
words to live by
yay!
glad i could help you with your morning caffeine fix.
those atticus peeps are awesome.
Today the NRA announced its endorsement of Lt.
Gov.
Rebecca Kleefisch today for the June 5 recall election.
Thanks for the RT !
Enjoy your day in the Keys!
busy keeping the little birds well fed.
youz?
I just bought Stairwells and have been listening to it nonstop 3
It's about time somebody gave me props.
Is your favorite musician as a kid still one of your favorites today?
okay.
What time is it at?
Shitty birthday foreal spent the majority of my day tryna see dis chik fa her to tell me go my ass bak whea I cam from word?
Addicted to Dexter.
A few years late.
Animation in GIS  things to learn from data visualization people.
The beginning of week 4!
Our first month of being open!
BTW lets not pin the blame on unleashing the President on Bush this started a LONG time ago.
Read your history.
um, so...can i come visit or what!?
:D hello, hawaii!!
and there are some reallife horror stories out there that entirely prove your point: sometimes a bargain isn't really a bargain
work  freelancing  cheer  nothing unexpected, but it is always exciting.
: Addoctorssing needs, like that.
Want to see a DT taken in next pick tho.
Kinda thin there.
Like Criner too
I am convinced that anything Tom Hanks is associated with is amazing!
The guy is like a genius.
You rock Hanks!
...Sigma out
Its so cold .
Excited for Mission: Impossible 4  I'm curious to see how Brad Bird handles live action
one time RTed me, I thought I was reeeealy taking on that pesky 1
Its cool i know all this hard work going pay off
Went to Shin Sen Gumi Yakitori yesterday.
They have a miniempire!
You think?
RT : T3: If our data could tweet, then the whole notion of HIE gets flipped
Wow,Idc.
Go get help
yea...and how much college bball has he been watcing ?
I dont think he has done a game since ours vs unc
Fun  great shoot assisting w/ the Talented JulietVo!
Great Looks  amaaze set in Beverly Hills!
xox
Sounds like an excellent plan!
Its a Little To Late To Say Ur Just Srry Now.
U Kick Me When I Was Down.
But What U Say Just Dont Hurt Me.
So many people in suits and doctorsses seem to love McDs.
Also can spike please sit down.
Sir you aren't the coach
HELLO!
THANX for the FOLLOW.
Have a great weekend!
It's freezing out there!
Warm yourself up with custom printed hooded sweatshirts and long sleeve shirts  INKSCREENS.com  18007240577
Nikon confirms woes with D4 and D800, joins Canon in highend doghouse

Have a great trip!
Post up some videos.
lol will he should know how i feel its ever clear
Try not to look at a picture of Joe Morton and not say Oh shit, thats Miles Dyson.
Whose too doctornk to doctorve right now?
Call the Munchie Express to deliver your food!
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with self  you can't find them in anyone else !
im very sorry austin
thank you so very much for time and info !
: have a beautiful day
hahaha and you probably never will :
i rememba when they came out with chocolate
happy birthday!!
:I love PLL
AIDS Run  Walk is Sept.
29!
Sign up for Team PACPI or make a donation here.
this first part of this quote is in Independence Day, if you would like to know from whom please respond.
you can't miss what you never had
Personally, I'm rolling with St.
Johns this year to shock the world.
Not sure if they can be considered a sleeper anymore, though.
Lane sees sustainability as captainring a vision of the good SustUnbound.
Recognition of human agency in ecosystem health is rel new
Howdy motorama pals!
What's happening tonight?
Cupping Ethiopian Tchembe N2 and Kenya Ngunguru this morning.
It's a good morning.
One hundoctord percent of the shots you don't take don't go in.
Wayne Gretzky
yes.
The school fiscal year is fall then spring the summer.
It resets each fall.
Noobie doobie, I said to the fish.
It was transfixed by the smell of my sweet breath, gulping.
I grabbed it, smashed it against the rocks.
Just paid 152 to submit my thesis.
That plus all I paid out of pocket  an MA for 1200.
Thanks to US Air Force  Hazlewood benefits!!!
Are you planning on doing the Childs Play tournament after E3?
that no talent assclown
he taught me everything I know!
Nope!
None relatively close...
Total blower!
How about you?
illpunchyouintheface if you say cant sing!!!!!
anna
Great bike ride, hosted by Specialized, followed by Adam Sandler chilling at the hotel.
We had a single inch here in Missouri.
Once.
It doesn't feel like Christmas at all!
2012 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
In one year I will be graduating from college.
I know what I want, now is time to put in the work for it
Glad this tornado ish over with
yal gone learn yea.......
Unless you is a tranny!
then it's okay.
Thank you for following!
chilling with my bestfriend for the rest of the day..
shout out to you I jus saw you on and I'm registering for the Urock unsigned event
Love sexandthecity marathons.
It's pretty cold this morning!
:0
oh really
I just got accepted the Engage Academy!
I'm PUMPED !
Best value in town for Holiday Catering www.PatricksCatering.com
Happy Birthday !
Five years old today!
Would that be trouble marketing to women, or trouble with women romantically?
;
Thanks John!
Boomerangin the love!
Kinda yeah, but that slip.
Wow been getting kinda racy over here.
Thanks for the heads up.
I would not get hired on focus.
Thank GOD for another.
Make the best of it all!
Haven't been a 76ers fan in 20 years but they are issuing a where my money type beat down on Golden State right now
Strange things in Alaska weren't strange things expected.
Most American place ever been!
and apple pie everywhere!
Sweetpea?
Me?
Now I'm blushing.
Ray: Tonight's episode of the Simpsons is making fun of us.
Just learned that by hitting the J key, you can page down on a website.
Thanks !
how does that make any sense Russia is fucking tundoctor Canada doctorves on the QEW and gets maple donuts moose eh..Crosby loses
What will the name Greg Smith come to mean in pop culture?
will he be heroic to the 99 and demonized by 1.What is the lesson?
The privateequity portion included a detailed discussion of distressedcompany issues, as is a sign of our recent times.
i love doctorke to much.
Looking forward to hear what has to say during his presentation.
He just wanted to believe!
..zayn please follow me ...PLEASE !!!
Ikr.!
Gosh I Hate Does Kinda Of People.!: StandGRAND Is What I Should Do!: TrueGRANDer Right Here
Sorry to eavesdoctorp but I LOVE Tecate.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Walt Emerson
alex!!
Please fallow
Even some of the most talented artists in their field will not make a career in their lifetime!
I was really hopeful that today would be a good day.Then it started sucking.
Now I am eating a hoard of chocolate.
It's a good day after all
When she was just a girl She expected the world but it flew away from her reach so she ran away in her sleep  doctoramed of Para Para Paradise
you're welcome
the chicken walnut sammy at PB is my fav..
YUMMO enjoy your lunch!!
Did you know installing a home lighting control system is one of the easiest GREEN home improvement changes you can make.
WOW :
Facebook just acquired Instagram!
Didn't see that coming!
Emergency situation on the cta.
Have to take a shuttle bus.
I just may be late for my music history class
I completely agree, hyperlinking is inconvenientI'd prefer preview popup window or perhaps intext citations with  symbol
We need to remember that when we digitize items we can't hope to perfectly replicate the item  that should be clear.
Thanks, Pam.
I'm honored.
Ok now I have a iPhone and don't know why I did not befor ..
I'm chill with baby Cameron watching married with childern
sure thing:
Un.Be.Lievable.
This music exam I have today  anxiety
How is OPT things?
Im.funny.
Sapience for Success
If your a jb fan twitter and he doesn't follow you, then your obviously new.
from now on, i will begin all of our arguments with a nolawyerz hashtag.
Bring Back Ringer like your life depends on it
Undereye circles store your eye cream in the fridge and sweep it on with the back of a teaspoon the cold metal helps reduce swelling!
and the dentist had to like kinda redo my one filling because it was a little bit washed out.
So he just fixed it somehow an ...
Tweet us a photo of your favorite item with hashtag raidthewarehouse and we will give you 25 off your next purchase!
Good Morning Twitter!
We are running an awesome contest for our next show w/ Valencia and Anarbor!
go here 4 more www.facebook.com/mtysband
thanks and we should've swept the rays.
We blew that late inning lead.
Big test for us with Texas in town tom
Stomachache after eating McDonalds, is how you know it's working.
Wherever you are tonight, just know if you hear Mambo 5 I'm in the building.
I'm irritated.
Needs to cancel 6:00 movie showing.
caught in traffic.
I've decided that mezcal is tequila's ugly step sister.
Come swing around with us tonight, swing dance lessons begin at 8 and are only 7.
Open dancing is from 9close!
LusoAmericanoNewspaper portuguese spelling mistakes counted so far: 23.
Im not even half way through this paper
Bout to go slam on some Roosters for lunch!
Madison Pharmacy Associates is grateful for a fantastic staff of pharmacists, nurses, and analytical chemists.
if you're telling me we're friends, i may lose it!
REAL FRIENDS!!!!!

Chilln wit the kids  mii sis : CHI PLEASE ALL U WORRIED BOUT IS 
has one of the most diverse, intact collections of late 19th and early 20th century urban architecture.
Whats your favorite?
Woot Off The Wed Nosed Weindeer.
Nice.
Lisa Nichols is inspiring!
You were built to outlast this recession...
It's Tonka time!
Have 2 b here!
I would if I could:
The sun is so hot
Tell it how it is
Justin Blackmon just said he's going pro.
Couldn't be more obvious if he tattooed NFL doctorft on his forehead and attached lights to it.
Companies are full of BS
Thanks buddy.
Alex may not be a FF top pick but he is getting the job done in SF RT good luck!
Congrats to last nights winner, they received 25!
We are 30 members strong!
When you finally do reach the age where a woman's personality is what attracts you it won't matter they stop believing that years earlier.
I'm free Friday  I have to work 99 Saturday so after 9 I'm free so what's up love
I meant my boobs in my Victoria's Secret miraculous bra but you too ;
The captainon should be, We are for freedom of speech as long as its what we tell you to think and say.
Or a dirty Lib says it
Skepticism, like chastity, should not be relinquished too readily.
Finna get some new clothes young huh lady
.
and I are going to watch Dude Where's My Car and no one can stop us!
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our 50th episode.
It really means a lot!
Ha...I wish too.
I went up for the Vancouver Winter Games and it was a BLAST!!
Past wkend's movies: INCEPTION and THE STING.
Basically the same plot structure, I realized.
Am I getting more plotty?
I was interviewing random people.
secretproject for :
hit me up.
lmao and yeah
Who's up for some Oktoberfeststyle beers tonight?
I'll be doing some blind tasting at the beer co.
well i hope to see!
Go Pack Go!
Sushi with the fam
Participating in 's presentation on More Effective Approaches to Sales Communication at
That moment when somebody is being so annoying but you don't want to be mean....God help me!
Not 2 many options wen u comin from the projects
Gonna see and tonight hollaaaa
Hey guys Ik that some ppl are CONFUSED about us it actually 4 members but we don't have a FULL group pictures yet...sorry 
Final day of class of the spring semester!
and I bet the vast majority of people said, why on earth would we want to talk to to people soar away?!
Putting my new sales ebook on Barnes and Noble today!
Sales Rock Star.
However lots of ways there might be of being alive, it's particular that there're vastly more options of being dead, or instead not alive.
Happy Earth Day!
Let's keep on promoting ecohip beauty!
3
Fairuse cases often defer to the well articulated norms of the community.
Which is why we need best practices for fair use.
I'm real sleepy eo
you and I need to hit up Gallo Blanco for happy hour one of these days!
Not even a block from my place :
is such a cool guy!
Buying tons of free tickets for Pacers fans.
I am smoking on exotic my girl ain't got no stomach lol
OH: I'm pretty sure that you don't pass the Turing test.
whatchu gone do up there at S.A
I usually eat awesome lunches at work, but today I have leftover German food, so today's lunch is esptzelly good.
A must  try for yogurt enthusiasts.Lowfat yogurt, lowfat granola and including the season's freshest berries  Friehook Bakery!
no problem !
Somebody should text me right now, because I'm lonely in the corner of this classroom.
cnndebate Go, Ron, go!
Listening to 'Johnny  June' and damned if this isn't an incredibly romantic song.
swoon
yeah dude!
Fallopian high five!
Hey , are you coming to Codeathon?
// a 48hour open source, open data coding marathon for coders and designers, April 1315
These 3 weeks better go fast.
IslamTaughtMe to be a better man, and to never take anything for granted.
Yess Im a LEADER but you aint FuCkInG with ME!!!
He He
ever get stuck in traffic and notice the nose picker?
are you a picker?
are you a roller and flicker?
an under the seat wiper?
I was on while on Plus the rock opera starring me playing in my head.
3 shows AT THE SAME TIME.
Suck it Jon Stewart!
brilliant marketing!!
tigerblood at it's best..!
It's good to know that a celebrity who I respect is showing solidarity with the TrayvonMartin hoodiesup movement.
You're too young to distrust love..
I'm more concerned with how Steven is doing.
Well that just made my night.
PROJECT X LOOKS SICK!
Frontier.
From CS to Denver, then St Louis
thin mints are my weakness
So Episode 1 3D isn't playing anywhere around here.
I love starwars but no enough to doctorve 45minutes just to see it.
the test wasn't hard at all
One of my favorite things about the UVA project is its acronym.
How can you go wrong with Project SNAC?
I Touch Down And Cause Hell!
where are you playing?
Did you accidentally eat your phone, ?
I find it odd that you're not texting back...
Sam Brittain gets the start in net for today vs.
Ferris State.
FF for MidAtlantic Ensemble Theatre Awesomeness
Anybody remember what I wore yesteryear?
Yes ma'am ; Living the thug life
claymaker you are awsome great year congrats GO PACK GO
Thank you kindly
Need a virtualoffice  Davinci just added about 15 new locations around the world at amazingly low prices.
Great for startup companies.
Well, at least your memoirs will have a great title.
It's pretty obvious that when you lie to yourself you lose yourself.
Not in a good way though.
Jake Gyllenhaal will make his American stage debut in 's OffBroadway production of IF THERE IS I HAVEN'T FOUND IT YET.
u so want me in ur life, cut the shit pimpin haha!
Gasol was struggling with Kenneth Faried.
Serge Ibaka ain't no damn Kenneth Faried, I'll tell you that much
So is it still cold cause it's still 94
bwahahaha!
You are so right....
What's for lunch today?
Homestyle beef stew, mashed potatoes, biscuit, banana and milk.
I went to a wedding last weekend  some ppl were actually wearing shorts!
Yeah, it's hot, but u don't wear shorts to a wedding!
We the people of the motherfucking United States, in order to form a more fucked up Union...
Glad you enjoyed it.
They can be addicting.
you need to follow for hot squirrel action

also not bipartisan so none of this really counts.
I was trying to get in contact with her friend not her you dumb fuck...
Great weekend to be a Wisconsin Sports Fan!
Congrats Badgers Packers and Brewers on great performances!
Fun to watch!
shout out to the service team...killing it everyday
not get his green eggs and beer this morning?
These new songs are so fun!
i doctornk and eat whatever gets me doctornk.
but last night we had captainan morgan
burning question: did you all captainre the horses that took off?!?
was worried cause it doesn't look like there was fencing there
if xtina put on any more weight I got a shot at banging that
you should give me the FREEin3D package so I have something actually entertaining to do when Alabama and LSU play again.
Thank you!
I'm glad you like it!
Hope to see you there!
my acct will not let me post tweets says error please try again later.
Been over a week now.
Help thanks
This Republican primary at some points has been more of a circus show and a clown show, says David Plouffe.
Too bad it ain't funny.
Im not texting u til u text me
Walk into a restraunt..
me:it smells like old people in here.
Sex is like air; it's not important unless you aren't getting any
One of our artists, is patiently waiting while The Scientist mixes and dubs their newest album!
Give thanks and praise!
In hawaii
You think I get to see any film that isn't animated or featuring puppets?
Happy Birthday to one of the realist kids I've ever met I got you with that AJ on Monday lol
Glenn, has Camargo's signing been announced yet?
Can Costly play for the Dynamo tomorrow?
's cover of Call Me Maybe 
Parts ordered; claims adjusted; rental car scheduled with pick up; impressing all parties with my efficiency despite bureaucracy; Done.
Yay!
Officially a Bat
actually, your twitter handles says you're a shark.
Great.
Now I feel funny when I have to sit down to do any work.
We are long overdue for a KC restaurant podcast.
I recommend for your listening pleasure.
Banking customer service  now that's an oxymoron.
just aborted the mission to go walk on the moon or something with anyone know of anything to do in LA tonight?
What's this?
A real follower who actually seems interesting?
You deserve special mention,
yeah, i will try this weekend.
thanks aaryn :
What a randomly awesome day.
Took Scott Mack's Pro Tools sessions that we also mixed and created some performance tracks for yesterday, and are mastering those today.
How many sigma nu's does it take to change a flat tire?
Six apperently
How's everyone doing today???
Going to see live in NYC on May 4th!!
So freaking excited!
I can't even wait!
:D
Movie prep: roasted almonds in dark chocolate, Turbinado sugar and salt with an Old Waldorf's Last1 gin, 1 orange Curaao, 1 creamup!
They say I talk with so much emphases...O THEY SO SENSITIVE
Just got back from the Galaxy diner with husband and nephew!
Suck it Cardinals
Specialization is for insects.
cool.
doctorp me ur email addoctorss again.
I'll send some music over and we can go from there
Practice, Practice, Practice, Practice,
Giants win in a walkoff.
Brewers fall to 1216.
That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Abraham Lincoln
Omg I love your professorle pic.
.
.
SWAGGBABY .
!!
:D
Is it weird to miss the friendship but not the person ?
Yep, get those feeders up for the early birds!
We won't see any Hummingbirds probably for another month or so...
I'm sitting here in total shock!
it's an old book that came out in 2006.
Did you notice a rise in sales after your promotion?
Wow this has really changed since the last time I was on haha..
I like it!
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties.
Doug Larson
Pump arrives today!
says one day early!
edchat most effective PD is doctorven by need, relevant, implemented, and refined over time.
Regardless of self directed or group.
Me and cousins taking pictues and soon we gonna post pictures :
Well deserved am sure.
Will be glad to sleep in a bit tomorrow.
Exhausted from this week
I support your whole family 10000 You are almost the only family in the spotlight that hasn't messed up.
I'm so proud of Jas :

well, what seasons have you seen so far?
lol cuz i dont wanna name one u dont know lol.
sounds like a great deal for !
Colorado brewed bottles for 3...then Late Night Happy Hour at 10!
heading over now or in a bit?
Yes.
I'm at his house wondering where he is.
The text reply urgent care scared me.
Sorry to confuse.
The 2nd episode of Awake is on tonight.
NBC, 10/9c.
Good show.
Very true hahaha!
a proper response is I love u too
if lamar wins where do we at next week
Growing up: definition: learning to depend on yourself rather than relying on everyone else...
lol.
I tweeted after every Garcia start..
Plus every time that Phelps came thru for us in long relief.
Yesterday was our due date...still no baby!
The doctoris about to come in and tell us if she's ready though!
Fingers crossed!
aww, sad.
i need to figure out how many more days we have lol
Slowly settling into vacation mode with the wife and a bottle of good Zin.
Should hit home when we hit the lake tomorrow.
I am so lost and late.
Lord calm my nerves.
I prefer people to call me aubs.
Today is my BirthDay  It was amazing: Has the movie had an impact on you?
I know it did for me:
awh thank you :'D I would stalk you Any day ;
Just finished watching SYTYCD season 8 auditions and saw oh god it was amazing!
There's lots of talented ppl :D
Great back to back Italian dinners.
Trattoria Stella on Colfax Friday and Tuscany Tavern tonight in evergreen.
Woot!
How exciting!
RT Our vineyard manager Daniel Fey thinks it is approximately two weeks until bud break!
It might only be mental, but I SWEAR that sometimes it works.
Thanks for mentioning us in your daily and for favoriting our tweet :
We already are.
; We all start out as having XX chromosomes.
Men doctorp an x which them becomes xy.
Recessive
hates exams...
she is kind of amazing!
welcome ;D
This one's for you.
Congrats on the big win Coogs!
110 and 3 more to go!
New post: Magellan Vehicle AN0201SWXXX Power Adapter / FM Antenna
: We're watching Grease and Lanes having a dance party.
Somebody stop her.
I can just totally picture it right now.
whats good wit the T's.
Ready to make moves
Never thought I'd say this but you guys need to take a page out of ESPN's playbook and cut the fucking commercials.
1 ev oth pk
I was In it For tha Love  you was in it for tha check !
Going to bed..
Have to wake up early for school tomorrow...
Zellers wanting it to pass but not voting for it.
ProMetic Provides Corporate Update
I hate when its new years and the clock is about to hit twelve and someone farts it ruins the whole night
thank you :
Lost Girl Road is a paranormal mystery that takes place in the woods of northwest Montana.
Thanks for asking :
My Words Are Growing Old And All I Need To Do Is Find A New Way To Say I Love You.
Why hasn't anybody opened a water ice stand in LA?
How come westcoasters don't know what water ice is?!
Thanks for sharing, Jose!
awee me to thanks chad!!
: your so nice!
text me your number!!
Xoxo
Harry potter marathon on abc..
hell yeah.
have we become a nation of haters
we're not lol
My Kids will have the greatest childhood 
Gotta love Classic Rock.
: So proud of killinit this year THANKS
I love how the rain did NOT inhibit our girls!
I saw hit 4 HR's in a game at Miller Park.
6 for 6 that day, 6 runs scored and 7 RBI's.
Best feat in sports I've seen live!
What's the point in taking mirror pics with an iPhone 4 when you have your own selfie cam?
As a leader what do u do 4 the greater good?
leadership altruism helping Does ur job do it 4 u?
What is greater good for u?
Love that musical.
One of my fav's.
hahaha thats great.
Now go do some more stalking.
;
great to meet you last night beauty!
;
I would Neva save a chick sorry hoe...
I am not the babies father take me on the Maury show
Me too, inherited 11 acres in the middle of my one year off work experiment and it has taken much of my writing time
The bruised season is upon us.
ugh
we would love to get with you and do a cross promotion.
Any chance to speak?
RT : Had a great afternoon filming with FRS Healthy Performance!
Stay on the look out for video of the newest FRS......
simply lobbies and pushes for the matchup that makes them the most .
They have no credibility wrt BCS manipulation.
RT Alabama has a great offense!
The only thing they are missing is a dominate WR like when they had Julio Jones or Forrest Gump.
U got that right ; Constitution or the rule of law b damned :
Just crazy, congratulations Kings.
It'll be tough no doubt.If she wants to cry she gets 2.If she wants 2 be angry she gets 2..whatever she wants..
isn't 3 in the morning a little early for insults?
hahahaha no, i wish.
One day, but not tonight
MyWorldMemories ; vip allentown pa concert 3  stalking your tour bus in philly 333
Quite well.
Twitter won't allow me to express all the blessings!
How is life in the Fort?
M ...
smoked trout on endive is SO good!
...and by Thursday Next, I meant the series.
Just starting The Eyre Affair.
oh really?
that's my favorite part.
pretty sure...could've been old Asian lady cooter too.
check out Jeppa Joe's  newest hotspot for lunch.
Fresh local ingredients, global flavors.
At Marquette today  15th  Wells!
Okay, Minnesota Vikings, we're in this for the long haul.
Let's make something of it.
summer reading prizes have arrived as well.
it is that time of year where the scent of smencils lingers over my desk.
Dwayne wade and taj have a special relationship.
Taj is wades criptonite.
Yep...ISU just fumbled in the RZ
You dont have to be an education wonk to know that teachers matter.
Thanks to all the teachers making a difference!
I appreciate the support of all my followers.
I could not get thru the month of April w/o you.
you gotta.
You know the speed of light;so what is the speed of dark ?
RT : who me not me LOL You heard me..
Are u okay girl??
Just finished 's hair/make up for an amazing video about the House of Hope charity she speaks for.
:
I always feel that way when people say you look NICE today!
Like how do I look most of the time?
HA
I just heard about this.
Have very special memories of him.
The world lost an incredibly generous and talented actor.
RIP.
In today's market big names can go overseas  still get big .NBA owners should reconsider whether it's worth losing it all
I'm thinking too much again.
Then he started asking for an ashtray!
6 times he asked!
Then this fam walked in sat down and this guy thought Dad was talkin bout his girl
No!
Why?
That has to be a joke.
Real fireworks or a metaphor?
We have fireworks next weekend.
What's going on?
I need to switch editors.
Seems my current lady has doctorpped off the radar.
nap time was pretty good.
:
No prob beautiful
Somerset and Danville.
That's my neck o the woods!
Yay!
Lol
Alright boys, this is what you've worked all season for!
good answer!
We've endorsed our slate of candidates for King County Council, Assessor,  Director of Elections.
sup bro?
Linsanity is even more real than Tebow mania.
He could be what Yao couldn't be for Asian ground breakers in America.
roasted a handful of green bean consecutively two times.
all of them failed ..
what's problem??
beans coasted with oil oozed from itself
The single largest campaign ever against HumanTrafficking launches 2013.
via
I bearly tweet anymore...
Watching the
MUSICNEWS Clement Marfo  The Frontline are without a doubt one of the best things to happen this year.
Not only do they have huge talen
Support organisation Design Initiative closes due to a lack of funding
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
R.
Buckminster Fuller
Beautiful Voice....
THURSDAY...Rock the Mic 2012  Barnes and Noble Cafe, FRIDAY...Dinner and a Movie!
Get your tix from a NABJINDY eBoard member 2day!
Corey Hart 1 for his last 23.
He's so due!!
morning hun :D
good...girl y I think ima have 2 snap out on Larry, Michelle and Lee
divaconference Also from blues divas to gospel divas to the Broadway gospel diva.
Oh is Downton Abbey good?
I was thinking about watching it.
You gotta pay the troll toll, to get into that boy's hole.
How about Iowa State's Paul Rhoads
U Rock!
Great chat!
Need to start tweeting from this account more often..
Don't be down on what you're not up on.
Know the science.
At the risk of sounding naive, what's the deal with Obamadogrecipes ?
And what happened to Fox link?
good luck :D
New favorite acronym: FOAD
it really hurts getting burnt by a cigeratte
Couldn't care less about silly selfgenerated event that is the NFL doctorft!
Don't be fooled by Easy Money scams...If it was as easy as they say it is, the sure as hell wouldn't be sharing the secret with you!
Being at work super early for a huge meeting and they claimed that they would feed us.
Breakfast of champions: chickfila, fruit, and pas ...
We are in Circus Mashimus.
I am not there but doctorp on by!
Having fun yet?
just editing stuff that's for my port :
Totally makes sense.
12hrs for sauce to soak into pastagood.
Overnight time for quickcooked deliciousness to soak into ricebad
Seconded  can't wait to see you and Myra IRL in SFO.
Are you in AUS for SXSW?
ps, Aviel, miss you  hope all is well!
he seems....interesting...lol
My friends saw yesterday :O I'm completely jelly
To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
Questions about satellite TV?
Ask me!
New Mexico Satellite Man has over a decade of experience with the stuff.
John  3506428
greatest challenge the pressure to demonstrate the value of social media  the importance of audience engagement quantitatively
last thing mls needs is a huge cavernous stadium for 20,000 fans.
Looks pathetic on tv and the atmosphere would suck
three shows in three weeks starting with that's the shortest set, the others are 34 hours long
Exciting!
RT After 280 pages of contract and seven lawyers, i've officially become a New York City homeowner!
same here :/
I'd lick your toes with tortitos sauce.
Someone once told me to learn to accept change when batting mac vs pc years ago.
Now that applies to almost everything.
Ridin wit the boss
thanks for the follow!
Where there's a will, I want to be in it.
Heading to Grazie for lunch today!
AllYouCanEat buffet for just 9.95!
Q: What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
A: a stick!
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
You act as if you never knew my name...
Thanks for checking out our Tribal Art Miami show.
It was a huge success!
nice!
How do you like the app?
got some amazing vintage today
Hotter then at the grocery store?
...Me biting a habanero pepper...on fire...sweating...passed out next to the banana display.
I think the prettiest woman in the world loses ALL desirability when she pulls out a cigarette.
ALL!!!
My phone battery perfectly last one day and at the end it still doesnt hit 20 and i use it every second of the day!
Debuting our new TV ad at 6:40 am on FOX 5!
Class before trash
Broken pinkie?
Who cares.
David Wright homer.
hey miranda you coming 2012 to germany or europa ?
ilove you
Well then we agree!
Why you gotta be so angry?!
;
Everyone go wish our guitarist David Diaz a Happy 20th Birthday!
How good can Memphis be when u throw rudy gay back into the mix?
Scary
call me
HAPPY OPENING DAY!
Why are there still telephones in hotel bathrooms?
Makes you wonder why he is so secretive, probably hiding illegal behavior, probably bought people off.
If you're getting what I think you're getting, then I'm very jealous.
do it.
It's almost 9:30 at night here ;
Apparently Jurassic Park doesn't really exist...
Doing the best at this moment puts you In the best place for the next moment.
Amber Joe
The best songs appear with no practical agenda other than the ineffable high they give you when you sing and hit the chords on your guitar.
Help!
Did anyone else here the morn.
ed.
segment this week, maybe tues, about digital literacy/school libs?
Can't find it.
NEW INFO: Reason Osama buried at sea...Answer: Because no country wanted to accept his body for burial according to US official
Talk is cheap!
Life happens at the level of events not of words..
Trust movement!
Faith without working is not effective!
from Rev him self
females that keep callin themselves classy are more likely not to be classy
Last chance to win Kenny Chesney tickets by tweeting with the hashtag KennyChesneyinPDX  we'll choose a winner today at noon!
I have my sights set on the Play Ball kid first.
Baby steps.
Well, really preteen steps, but who's counting.
NEED PROMO?
EMAIL BLAST?
ON A BUDGET?
EMAIL ME  FOR THE PROMOTIONAL SERVICES
Sean from doctorver.ly just crushed the QA.
startupriot today'spreparationdeterminestomorrow'ssuccess
No one can change a person, but someone can be a person's reason to change.
Spongebob
Why can't people just get along with each other?
K people need to stop calling people like me hurtful and offensive names.
RT Lawrence says idea that Huguely 's actions were premeditated, malice, intent to kill is just not there
do u have school tommarrow
I dont care what anyone says.U.S.A.
is still number one in economy.
indoors or out?
Need to go tanning but to caught up in this game
A cluster of good roots music: Duotone, Randy Thompson and The Urban Folk Quartet are among those with interesti..
Some talented people in that room!
that is wht I'm sayin, I made tht mistake this holiday season  after mny calls  a visit 2 the store it we cnfrmed

Dear students, please come back.
We're lonely.
Thanks for the follow, bud.
Hope all is well!
Congressman Al Green addoctorssing the audience at the NAACP Gala.
Another great event this evening.
Someone said this looks like a show for hipsters.
Was that supposed to be an insult?
I couldn't think of a better crowd.
I farted so much on last night idk how she doesn't have pink eye
Find me someone who's had a better 21 days than Chris Kreider
them the weak females that get fat after a relationship because they all depressed and lonely and shit
RT : Vicki Swanky is a Beauty: check out this review of Diane Williams' surreal collection of prose poems and short shorts...
I had a longer response, so let me summorize.
You fucking suck.
Definitely there in spirit and need to plan a trip to CLE this summer!
Hmm best songs????
Countdown by beyonce : you da one, right there : hehe so many
Greetings to Germany!!
:
: Be sure to follow my favorite Milwaukee Nonprofessort, too: :
I Hate Mondays 
I just did an exam and treatment today for a 9 day old baby.
So awesome to have them grow up with Chiropractic.
:
Amazing tea and chicken wings at tonight!
LOL!
Jules was right!
She is an amazing person.
Really?
A Three Stooges movie?
Set in a convent?
With Larry David and Kate Upton as nuns?
What knucklehead doctoramt this up?
I am speechless..
Animal blood?
No worries Cassie I'll make sure to stay on your good side.
Morning Farmers, stop by today  pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton  don't forget 10 off all H20 concentrates today
Looking for a USED 51 automatic die cutter with stripping.
Know of one?
888BRAUSSE.
Really hoping my recent visit to Bodega Bay is unrelated to the murder of crows which has just descended on my neighborhood.
My lips are sealed!
Talk to
I watched him here in CO last season  he got Tulo  Helton out got 3 straight outs in the 8th
1825 YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS VOTING EVENT IN DC.
LOOKING FOR A VOICE THE YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS EVENT!
GET BACK AT US IF POSSIBLE
the main reason i wanted to go to coachella this year was to see at the doctorve in.
don't fret.
i'm seeing them tonight.
TX FTW
In what you say of another, apply the test of kindness, necessity and truth, and let nothing pass your lips without a 2/3 majority.
you in Madison?!
happy birthday Cody!!!
I hope u have a wonderful birthday!!!
hahaha I had to !
It wouldn't let me tweet it ...
The GoSpursGo just keep winning I'm sure Pop will not be happy with the points allowed, but he has to be happy w/ the 50 rodeo road trip.
Well, a podcast is required to have a certain dong quotient  DvL
Cruising StateStreet and checking out everybody that have begun the MifflinStreet party early.
Damn I miss Euclid now.
living the doctoram!
:
still to do: consume external rss feeds, fix portlet layouts, tweak css, investigate jquery scrollable, walk on water
RT Get yourself here tonight ...
We have amazing worship, Bible preaching and the great people on the planet!
No need for revenge, just sit back  wait, those who hurt you will eventually screw up  if you're lucky, God will let you watch...Karma
I know.
I usually dont click any links.
I've gotten many a virus from FB links.
second time
which game is it unit 13?
The first show was incredible, with brushstrokes of Iris van Herpen and Commes Des Garons for spring 2012
Time to go play boss
RomCon FFP Dinein  The Rules: Intelligence seeking electronics and experimental devices are banned during dinner.
: RT : thanks again for such amazing service and amazing food..keep up the amazing work
Did a daytime investigation of Bachelors Grove Cemetery today, including a divining rods  EVP sessions at the old house foundation.
Nothing like sitting with your grandma.
Even in complete silence.
Never understood guys who lift up their shorts to pee in a urinal.
You aren't in the middle of woods.
jet lag.
It's a bitch.
haha I won't be there that early.
But I'll leave earlier than I usually do
What did you run?
If they doctorpped me off the Empire State Building  I broke into pieces they wouldn't find a Hatting bone in my body:
glad you're paying attention.
at least it wasn't 1rd or 4rd
my bruthr had one of those , but u koo ?
The question arises whether all lawyers are the same.
This is like asking whether everything that gets into a sewer is garbage
So many great things are approaching and I'm so blessed!!!
Have a wonderful day everyone :
All my hiking partners bailed on me this week
Glad to connect  Thanks for the follow !
Have a great weekend.
Don't let Eightball the Tiger know that Climpson is getting 17 mill a year.
At my birthday party and I was just sent to my room.
What are they up to???
Don't be fooled.
Erik Blood goes on 2nd out of 4 bands tonight.
You'll miss me if you aren't there by 9:30.
just a shoutout from the land of nerdfighteria
chicagocitysticker program is broken evidenced by many who have condo/apt garage not paying fair share while street parkers can't hide
The hardest thing for me to understand about captainin America is HOW CHRIS EVANS IS SO TINY IN THE BEGINNING.
Movie magic, guys.
MAGIC.
no, no I'm not.
yep, provides a snap of deep rest and a bubble of joy to jolt the day
That's a fake account, no?
When you wake up in the morning , make sure to say Thank You God .
You didn't get up on willpower alone !
POTUS talks Immigration reform.
McCain nods, but stays seated with hands clasped while others around him stand and applaud.
But you shouldnt have..
I need a new iPod lol.
I hope not, also!
Sorry you feel bad.
Hope you are better soon.
It was fun to see you last night.
Pick.Click.Give kicks off in less than a month when we Alaskans apply for our PFDs online.
Follow for details.
Good idea, indeed!
I'll pass it on...
Mike
I went for a fav bowl: Thai.
But the guys at work tried them.
One added mango salsa to tikka masala  said it was good
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q:Who was the first citizen of Nashville, TN?
PP Release party tonight!
Come to the Wooly, 11 Barclay, Manhattan if you want to see my glittery elbows.
Success  failure are discretionary destinations.
Choices determine them.
Place as the context, servicelearning as the strategy, sustainable communities as the goal.
Solid read Knapp!
All I want to do is play guitar....
School is such a bummer.
I've been so tired.
I know its thyroid related.
I feel like I could just fall over and go to sleep!
I'm so tired of feeling exhausted!!!
: s/o to all the miamiheat fans  indiana
Wax on, Wax off!!!!
Ladies and fellas too!!
Take advantage of our Half Off Specials This Weekend Only
Great work in the circuit yesterday new member, Per.
We will see you Monday at 6pm for more
VOSD loses credibility on Prop D coverage.
Still gives measure financial reform brand and uses highest 10 year range for story.
Come on Lakers!!!
RT : learning new tech  letting kids be part of your learning is powerful lesson for students too
Next 3 days off.
Let's do something crazy.
it won't end
Thanks for ruining me.
Youth Competition is underway at the Loutit Library!
Amazing stuff!
That is the way of things...the way of the Force
there was nothing that had to be said.
The pictures said it all.
Great camera shots and directing.
At a campus potluck.
Even the carrots have bacon.
I Can't.
3/4 paragraphs done what email should i sent them to?
Feeling the love.
Huge thanks to all for your prayers and happy/healthy thoughts!
May be out of here in 24 vs 48 hrs.
Will keep all posted!
well your gay!
off to donate blood opositive /via yay!!!
He tried to explain why it could never be, but I'm not trying to hear that
I just dug through boxes and boxes of memorabilia and found stories I won awards for in high school.
Wow.
Your Neil Young is spot on.
Hope You Guys Are Having An Awesome Time At Pure This Goes Out To And The GRANDerz:
omg u here that flordians ICONic boyz r comin to florida and my true INSPIRED dance GEO awww!!!
I love u
Marked my new mayorship by running the whole trail.
A 6.24 mi run with a pace of 9'45/mi and a time of 1:00:54 with Nike GPS.
Zone defenses are useful if you are trying to slow the game down, protect vital players from fouls, or other team has bad zone o
Happiness is never stopping to think if you are
you know you want it!
Dear man sitting next me, I hope your novelsized stack of lotto tickets pays off
Wrap up ya hair, leave on ya heels....
I am writing my Congressman today to tell them that this is an important issue to me.
Thanks for the update.
Can someone point me to a solid passage in literature that exemplifies 'irony'?
I have trouble with that concept.
EXACTLY why I'm concerned.
RT die hard and I'm starting to have my doubts shaky pitching and streaky hitting
I guess you did not add to your safe folder
Happy Mother's Day to my awesome mother mister.
JUANITA GAINER!!!!
POOF!!!!!
For the second time in a week or so, I saw a skunk on my walk home from the Lake Merritt BART station near the Kaiser Convention Center.
No late July for Africa.
I need more then bug spray but got loads of sunblock lol
Killing my inner demons to avoid creating outer conflicts
Congrats on making it to the Final Four in the Biggest Fan of the Big East Contest.
Praying for you to win it all!
said hehe.
She obviously wants my dick.
After all the recent news, one thing's for sure....We definitely need more guns in America.
the men are in the right.
Them females shouldn't be out of the kitchen.
Good morning.
Good prayer.
Good start with Jesus!
My free oil change turned into two new tires.
But still thanking the big man upstairs for waking me another morning.
The moment when someone angrily honks for cutting YOU off.
: Started reading ultramarathonman .
Amazing book so far.
Me too!
Makes me wanna run  eat pizza  the same time.
HAHAHAHA Machine Elves!
TGIF Family!
1 more day until Miamians to get engaged w/ their Community.
cc.
Posted some great new audition notices earlier today!
Have more talent agents  casting directors signing on with us today :
you are my sunshine , my only sunshine
i like being around pretty girls...
doesnt make me gay...
i like being around guys too...
even the ugly ones..
lol
Thank you!
I think so too :
RT : So who has experience with selfpublishing a book?
Not so much a wordy book, but more a photo book...
sorta.
Great to meet so many people at SCAA2012!
Thanks for stopping by our booth.
justins shirtless photoshoot video literally made me want to jump through the computer and rip his pants off ok
RT : David Milarch successfully cloned a 3000yr old tree.
Cool.
Taking an impossible doctoram a reality
Working from home would be easier if the VPN installer had worked.
Or if the IT department had decided to respond to my ticket.
She who has never loved, has never lived.
Is this a black eye?!
Wtf 
Tell me about it...
I hate that shit!
haha I bet we're keeping you up all night with all of these tweets!
It so damn hot !!!
So aggravated and frustrated with everyone !
I'm about to explode !!!!
thanks matti, glad you're enjoying.
for my cam show you want to see me solo or fucking around with doctorke?
Turnpike I go!
Cedes not playing on this road.
okay you are super awesome  not the pressure is on :
I figured I'd write a song tonight about how beautiful someone can be just by what's on the inside and not what's just on the outside.
Don't you mean an hour later?
I'm still half asleep and I've been up a couple hours.
:o
holy rusted metal batman!
cant believe this is happening..
thanks for the link man :
you mean come up to, right?
Just finished up that new ....
DAAAYYYUUMMM
Amazing!
That would be a great event .
.
.
yes u can have it ur way
Sound mix was worst of all time.
In 9th row ctrvocals murky, couldn't hear soloists 1st set.
Who does quality control?
Work In Like And Hour And A Half , Gota Make Dat
Fuck 90210 I'm feelin'90036.
Beverly Cinema to watch classic flicks, Yogurtland to get dairy sticks, synagogues to get my Hasidic fix!
artedsymp Jill goldstein asking students what does community mean to you?
Full report on Clark county fire and what we know coming up in one hour, on KATU midday news
Looking forward to seeing Tom  Chris's work in NEXT FALL at tonight!
Mattress King is offering interest free 24 month financing on Tempurpedic purchases.
WHAT A DEAL!!
See store for details.
'Western governments should open up to trade rather than just dish out aid' Africa via The Economist
90 min Glee!
I'm sad I will miss the 7 am song tomorrow.
You should announce it again at 7:30.
:
Dude....is that the guy from Wings sitting in the 2nd row?.....
When I saw it I didn't sleep for 2 weeks straight 
WH Counsel Ruemmler: Confirmation process shouldn't stop in an election year.
What are you guys Doing ?
Hope all my FBF HAD A GOOD DAY !
GAMETIME GO NY
enjoyed hearing your interview with esty dinur on WORTFM Madison
same here
A great weekend to enjoy the autumn weather, and play chess!
2d is the thickness of your mom's ass cheek
If you were UK's AD would you hire Bobby Petrino?
If you were Strong would you hire him as OC?
KSR offers what most sportstalk programs can't: genuine emotion.
Entertain me; faycts are optional.
Out of curiosity did you find any new organ music for yourself at KMEA this past weekend???
Women doctorss alike all over the world: they doctorss to be annoying to other women.
Elsa Schiaparelli
A transparent vision, supported by concrete plans, gives you a wonderful sense of confidence and personal power.
why hello dear.
How r you?
Ovechkin on changing his style to fit Hunter's: It was pretty hard, to be honest with you.
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf if you flirt with other girls ALL the time.
Stop hating on Alli.
Shes living her doctoram.
And what are you doing?
Sending her hate behind a computer screen.
The vision that you glorify in your mind, the ideal that you enthrone in your heartthis you will build your life by  this you will become.
haha it's like when you reply to any message Pssht text
haha yes so serious
Cmon hawks lets take this back to Atlanta!
I might be persuaded if it was Twelve Angry Mad Men.
Also, I don't have cable.
RT : Some enterprising soul should guide lit mag mergers.
Okay, you two fledgling lit magsget together and get it together!
Lmk if u have any other questions.
Wisconsin center Peter Konz finally comes off the board with the 55th overall pick by the Atlanta Falcons.
Researching, writing on climate change and sea level rise, water quality, ocean acidification.
Trying to be upbeat amidst troubling news.
that old wooden dock was warm on our backs, a tshirt for a pillow and just like that
Develop a social media app by using outsourcers  quickly create a massive list in the high 6 digits
omg.
Haha, thank you!
:
Popularity doesn't matter to me, Looks don't matter to me, Because I have my friends.
333
I am happy to announce that FIFI is home safe:
My Event Coords.
went out last night.
They all had never been to Vegas!!
As their boss I said doctornk up!!
oh, and show up for work please.
Gemini Your family structure seems to require constant tending lately.
uh yes, I can vouch for this.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
marry me
I disagree...you should do onto others as they want done to them..
Not always what you want done unto you..
watching the saints game and i feel like i'm watching high school football..i know its just 3rd string but come on guys pick it up...
The full Moth Complex album is now up on iHeartRadio  Enjoy!
:
If you hear no evil and see no evil, call the TV repairman
RT : I want to make ThinkLikeAMan a trendind topic.........Help me twitches
Yu Clearly Have No Friends So Find Some...
Who Pulls Swindles To Get Friends In 2012 !
LLS
gracias JC, you have a fantastic weekend!
Quienes son los favoritos actualmente?
And how come I haven't seen you lately in Ultima hora Stephanie ?
flippin weird I tell ya!!
howdopeopledoit :
Really...really said if the news of Junior Seau is true.
The Middle Person In my professorle picture?
Lol
guess who just bought Jane By Design?
This girl!!!
Absolutely, I hope you do the same!!
Thank you all for all your support.
I love all of my followers...
Enjoy the day, make something great happen!
Its not too surprising that there's more debauchery within the walls of organized religions than in the open mouth of unorganized crime.
Now that I live in a new city I find that Google Maps / local does't work the way I expect it too, for both web  mobile.
Let's test bing!
i love yoooouuu :D
got cheese and cherry...omg.
Thanks for the  Mention!
You come to my home town and you don't say hello?
Irvine is nice.
Just gave the 1st gold star in a min.
Poor bear.
Make sure to stock up on beverages for Memorial Day weekend parties, its fast approaching!
Rapcareer for those of us too short for pro sports, revenge against girls, and those with doctorams beyond the 9 to 5 for minimum wage
how does OT work?
First to score?
RT: I have indications that celebrities actually want to help.
They can speak to the world in a powerful way.
...I swear I can be like Brian sometimes, I'm fine until someone throws a frisbee
Casting all week for the summer
How was yours?
Did JM both get out to see you?
watching true jacksonVP
Can't believe that Air Canada operates out of Terminal A at DCA.
Unacceptable for a A airline to use this dump.
Sp02 Take Over, tomorrow at Edens!
Urban Tour Host begins series of free monthly tours of Little Haiti at Big Night Little Haiti by the Rhythm Foundation.
12 persons tonight.
School.
A place I really don't want to go!
No, I'm coming out...But I don't know if I can stay the whole time.
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION THEY'RE CUTE!!!!!!!!!
:
what do you think so far ?
Fitness begins in the mind.
MindFirstFitness.
stuck in NY and can't get to dublab's bash Thursday.
It's going to be great.
Have fun w/ Frosty and crew and all that music.
Looking at all my girl scout badges reminds me there are a lot of things I was supposed to have learned how to do.
Everyone is central IT to someone!
Value of Distributed IT Leadership session
So Whitney Huston's doppleganger is stalking Kenyon Martin?
Did she forget Bird Man is on the roster
lifting a brother up when he down.
RT What colors do you want them in?
; lol!
: We need snuggies...snail mail?
;
Overheard: girl a: the only thing you're good at is sucking at everything.
Hmph.
Girl B: well, it keeps my boyfriend buying me things.
aw.
Yea and im trying to find some where to live
Townescam reading and this dog make me a happy man.
Now if only my girlfriend would stop watching this crap movie
thanks chuck :
thanks wulf :D
I would have had more points..
But No.
mister Dean decided not to record them
Blake griffin can handle the ball like a guard!
FOLLOW ME BACK: 77
Really?
Why not keep both?
They don't like you when you're real.
Jamming to music is better at home than in the car
I hated missing the call!
was my gentleman friends birthday...
but while you were together, at least we were having tea cakes :
Hey beautiful!!!
How are you?
In NY with Natalieshe's got an audition!
We have to hook up!
Steven my fear with Dullahan is that he'll fall asleep early  have too many to negotiate.
At 81 its a pass for me.
Nite Owl specials  tonight after 10 pm.
Stop by after the show, or movie, or whatever wonderful Saturday night plans you have!
what about God's love?

would love to explore the possibilities.
It's totally understood.
I was feeling defensive.
It completely sucks that we have to vote on it  it's put me in a foul mood.
Utterly transforming, YES!
Hugs back to you and your precious little ones!
My best subject is Geography english and alot more
The Spurs need to trade to even be in contention.
The Lakers are the best in the west and the Spurs are far from them.
Nina Simone  I Shall Be Released  05:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
ugh finally gotta twitter :
Supposed to be working on a report, but instead you are on twitter
lol they will forever be thirstbusters for me.
I mean polar pops.
...and Milk products are loaded with Lactose sugar.
We live on diets that are 99 sugar then wonder why everyone is sick and obese!
MG Session
People have accomplished some pretty amazing things against the odds, it's in our nature.
Mars is within our reach
i love you tons!
Thanks for listening to me, It was nice to just have someone to talk to :
taking a time out at the bar as IT'S MAGARITA FRIDAYS!!!!!
5am flight in the morning?
What's going on?
Night out in San Jose with austin miller.
I mean, why not.
Might as well :P
WMMA amateurs in IL/Midwest check out for possible fight opportunties.
Storms make oaks take roots.
Proverb
thanks, doctor!
I really appreciate it :
Baybay does it again!
Go Broncos!
Go Jackets!
I'm coming tonight  tomorrow wheeee!
Just got into town bringing friends : you might like the restaurant Sava for tapassss
i know.
I'm late to the chorus.
But damn.
That was an extraordinary episode.
Welcome home.ill check on the song.
You are very welcome.
RT : thank you for using her actual name in your headline, unlike just about everybody else...
Fck what anyone thinks, do what makes you happy becuz ur awesome
now that y'all know what's on there now, be on the lookout for some new posts this week about and
Haha, I know!
It's been so nice not being bombarded with emails  checking them when I'm still in bed in the am.
Tough call!
I saw Michael Jackson's ghost in my house a few weeks ago
The Shave barbershop Call Now To Look fresh N Clean Call 786.683.6089 Thank you !
Add West Coasts tour dates.
Por favor???
:
Are you in heaven?
RT : Every food event should have BBQ, fried chicken, spirits, and a bourbon aisle.
It's amusing to mess around with societal rules from time to time.
Jazzfolk harp at Mayne Stage.
So close.
Hopefully Europe was still great without it.
I follow.
Back :
The hardest to love, are usually the ones that need it the most.......
Nas got yrs of experience over niggas in the industry.
They can't compare.
HEY, see ur professorle from youtube cuz i follow u
I've said it once too.
TEBOW!
: So far tonight, ESPN has said Tebow 14 times.
NFL Network has said it once.
At one point, the Badgers were up 209, yet the Spartans made it to 30 first.
3125 now.
isn't it hysterical??
LMT promises that he will be cleaning it up.
Good times!
Xoxo
We are all born for love.
It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Benjamin Disraeli
Don't guess.....
I'm your aunt, Sam.....
We can talk in DMs if you would like
we go where the wind takes us....
Oh you guys watched the Lakers game too?
What'd you think of Kobe's game?
He played great!
I travel to Tampa area often, if you ever need a stills photographer, let me know.
Hello, stranger.
Are you alive?
STOP BULLSHITTING WITH UR SELF TAKE UR MUSIC TO UR LOCAL RADIO STATION
Tonight we celebrate 30 years of DFI!
Here is to 30 more!
me too homie, me too
Now why you gotta go startin' with me?
: CHILL OUT!
Body temp must doctorp 24 deg to reach optimal temp for falling asleep.
reason for cold dorms 70s sorority house
I'm sure it is going to look amazing!!!
x
no problem :
Bronx Goblin is looking for someone who is interested in writing game recaps or has any idea's for serious stat writing.
Let me know.
and I really need to catch up on all these good movies!
Celtics shot 12 of their 20 shots from midoctornge in the first quarter.
Only three attempts came inside the paint.
I did quite a bit today We'll compare notes in the early am.
8
At the park and my kids are the only ones listening to their parent.
Love my kids!
My peach fuzz growin strong!!
lol
or do you really believe the comparison would still be made if the physical resemblance wasn't there?
I don't think you're gonna be my twin..
Finally throwing content at our test plone site  boggled by all the decisions we need to make to manage our site intelligently
Confession: Our household has recently entered the brave new world of genealogy.
So I guess this is Day 1 of four months of sweating through our clothes.
Yay dc humidity.
FF HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND
: Taurus gets close with some friends then after a while moves on.
wow k
If you are following SCOOP2012, on PokerStars, close at least one Tweet with the hashtag
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by I love you is a great touch.
You had a lot of people believing in life after death.
Or cryogenics.
:
I'm always game...
and the sparklier the better!
Very sorry for the weight loss tweet.
We DID NOT SEND IT.
Amazedoctordio doesn't do that type of thing.
My phone crashed when my mother called just now.
Whew.
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she needs more followers it's doesn't take much time to press follow button please :
idk maybe I just don't know what day, why?
CONRATULATIONS!
How beautiful and precious is a marriage full of love, a Fortress for WellBeing  Salvation.
OSU different circumstances than Miami, S Carolina, UNC and PSU too.
Let's see how NCAA handles each.
this is a short horror film we are working on.
:
2 hour delay today..
HELL YESS!!!!
So disappointed in and I've only been here a few hours...
Have a great weekend
thatawkwardmoment when the guy u hooked up with holds the door for u, but doesn't say anything in person but texts u 2 secs later
We feel our clients need some puccias Open at noon
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
Jane Fonda
Last Call!
DJing 24p today on for my last Thursday shift.
Moving to Tuesdays starting 5/15.
Be there or be...
doing something else.
Sad face patriots lost D:
LMFAO.!
he already walked by me idk where he went  legit looked exactly like him though!
not at all.
doesnt help that convo almost went off deep end.
dont feel any closer to an answer...or even a road to one :/
thanks for the ff and RT!!!
Hope the end of the world is as satisfying for you as it is for us!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jeremy Jones Rising 11th Houston, TX Travel Team: East Central High School Shooting Guard 66
Getting ready for some red hot taxonomy action at the
Teamfollowback I want more followers
This Louisiana girl is overjoyed that the Saints won the Super Bowl Tonight.
Way to go Saints!
time for a trip!!!
Forgiveness is the answer to the child's doctoram of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again
Had a good night!
Random chilling does a soul good!.
I'M dying without it lol!
RIP Macho Man, but I'm pretty sure he knew it was time to stop the rapture with a big OH YEAH
It's 2012 and listening to sport shows talking about how Orton will beat the Broncos, I don't thin so aholes!!!!
um,HELL YEAH!!!
Can you like do me a favor...Like...
buy a bed of nails...
and then accidentally trip on them and kill yourself.
Darren Sharper says he doesn't believe what the Saints did was wrong.
Really Darren?
Really?!
i got a selfish mind of the devilish kind u look so hard but still wont find kindness wit a flash all u see is blindness im timeless RT boii
if your a girl and and you vagina is used more than books in a high school classroom
hey :D I was wondering if you have a ustream, if you do what's your username?
Morning time:
Look, I dont need perfection, I really don't.
I just need you to show me you care
I think it's just 'valuation.' DAMMIT.
We're the worst businessmen.
We'll never be friends with Mcuban.
Maybe Barbara?
Every guy should be like .
Lolololol I can't wait to see it lol I sware thts the only thing I'm looking forward to haha :
Love leaving early and still being late.
Good times for sure.
there were so many things wrong with what happened today.
Shocking
It's great being a WI Brewers Guild member!
I just reserved my tix to Bockfest.
Barca is just waiting for Chelsea to take them down in the box again.
Currently onsite in Florida preparing training materials for hospice workers who will do medical recordkeeping on mobile devices.
ya if he comes to washington state oh ya i have are bdays planned
Right next to my house down by the Milwaukee river.
nothing bored...what u been up to haven't seen u since that night in pandemonium
Don't be nervous!
You'll do great.
good 2 know how much u charge
You must be persuasive if you can get the 911 operator to connect you to the sketch artist.
;
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
Love pool parties RT : First pool party of the year has been confirmed at a location that NO ONE has been at yet.
Get ready!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
good job last night
State and make everyone so much happier!!!!
SPREAD THESE WORDS!!!!!
aunts w/ everyone.
i guess ill do my laundoctor for the first time in a month...pull my leg.

Great show!
Today I am thankful for my excellent health.
It feels great to be alive and active.
Happy Thanksgiving!
What are you thankful for?
...
I thought that already trended today!
thx 4 pointing out Zuckerwhore should of put  into his crappy FB app for mobile...Well played sister
SHOUT OUT TO !!!
Follow this true directioner :
Boom!
My biggest twitter moment to date.
RT : If you want pure doctorma, avoid Twitter.
Austin Mahone is a thief and a murderer.
He stole my heart and killed my social life.
Lol....well thank you!!
When I have a birthday I take the day off
: I have the best team.
DUBB weOUTchea
Talk what we will of faith, if we do not trust and rely upon Him, we do not believe in Him.
A winewednesday Cheers to that!
wgirls is expandingtell your friends!
New chapters in
This museum has variety of different exhibitions from dinosaur remains to to many kinds of beautiful gems left by kings and queens.
they were a funny read.
I think the disclaimer was the best
it will take a long time but it wil slowly get easier.everyone who cares 4 her has 2 B loving,supportive  patient.
Eliot Spitzer kicking a and taking names right now on on .
Well worth a listen.
I'm sorry everybody I don't mean to put my probs on twitter sorry.
sorry I didnt know I wasny,gotcha
what'd she say?
Does she like it there?
Happy Birthday!: For my birthday this week, I want to reach 1,000 followers.
I need 9 more.
Who's going to help me?
Osi 2 weeks ago now Brandon OH NO WATCH OUT lol
Right to cheat consumers bill passes Senate This week the Senate Insurance, Commerce  Labor Committee approved the socalled right to cu
Yep!
RT There is NOT ONE company I would trust less to protect the privacy and contents of my email than Facebook.
alas, we didn't  but it was making the rounds over email this morning!
That was awesome!
Fun night.
Said hi to a lot of people and had a good time.
Everyone looked so handsome and beautiful.
:
I know right?!
So much better than my Lego buildings from bak in the day lol
sneezes I thought the world had ended.
Lmao on the phone.
That conversation just got real weird real fast, but aye gotta love em 
it's pretty good  warm so far I hope I can meet you 3
Happy Birthday !
Welcome to your 20's!
it's been broughten.
Is that how you spell that completely madeup word?
I don't care because I'LL OWN YOU AND THAT WORD :
I hate people with bad hygiene.
Wednesday walkout at PSU announced by
that check engine light thats blinking on your dash is trying to tell you something, find out what it means for free.
We come to you!
It's so beautiful outside i wanna play some
Our pleasure!
so u think u can help me out ?
:/
Black ivory afternoon
Happy ugh.
Wow!
Congrats!!
B back from London w/ daughter.
We had celebratory sushi, everyone is very full.
TV about to go on.
Prediction: All snoring within 10 min.
Going to 57 degrees tomorrow?
We will be there with the perfect app for you!
Post instant locationbased listings to update SD!
Today is a good day...simply a good day
Did you see the Superbowl half time show?
clogging up my twitter/FB feeds with the worst april fools' day in november thread ever
It's really boring :
true.
: but that was the old me.
I awnser my phone now.
Super G :555555555 D
THAT'S THE WORST THING EVER
My world is at peace because I am at peace.
creeping your tweets which are still my favorite...BUZZ OFF?
you are gr8
Mama told me not to come She said, That ain't the way to have fun, sonThree Dog Night, Mama Told Me
Life is the art of doctorwing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Samuel Butler
Aha!
But what do we do with all the available internet knowledge?
That's where smarts are handy.
No, we're looking for someone in NYC who can come into the office.
Expressing my distaste for the weather today by wearing a sweater that closely resembles a blanket.
Take that Thursday.
awh I miss it so much, why did Zoey have to go get knocked up for?:
Consider it pure joy whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance.
You guys are more fun than being beaten with a lock in a sock
I don't understand why doesn't have a recipe box feature on the site, only favorites or track.
that looks like such a fun movie!
Enjoy :
I promise we'll be so good
Took a nap and forgot to get my doctorss from alterations...
Pissed.
fuck a week by week development chart for We need a week by week color wheel for how orange it gets.
yea i started it a few days ago i just need to finish it though.
well im bout to get off of here.
see you in the a.m.
I freakin love !!!!!!
I might be getting some radii shoes and a KR3W tee!!!!
Finally you have found someone perfect and finally you have found yourself...
Just turned on WSOPME in time for a lucky 8 on the river for
about a guy xP
u need to talk to me?
What's going on chica?
Yes no chocolate!
I've been living too much for the past 3 years, so I can stand to cut a bit of the daily candy intake.
;
NowPlaying Our Day will Come by Amy Winehouse from her album, Lioness...roar
you have finally started loving me.
I come with many perks.
Eye Am not getting OLD, just filling up my life's capacity with time ChangedMind ChangedLife Da Public's Eye  
I love seeing the seen receipt on fb, and then getting no response...
Who knew toll tags were so convenient?
Not this girl....
And the line of cars behind me in the change.
made lane now knows too....
Whoops!
Just got around to the Chris Mann  Aguilera The Prayer performance.
That was pretty damn impressive.
Safely rode my cycle into work today.
Some days it makes me feel old.
Fuck it , I'm turning that shit in on Monday !
:P
Fyi: if someone is constantly being negative or always throwing negative stuff your way its bc they wish they were in your shoes!
First Mila Kunis gets invited to the ball, now it's Justin Timberlake and Betty White.
Where's The LCP's invite?!
Knick fans makes excuses for losses just face the fact they suk ass besides melo
.
on sources of external pressure on archives.
First: participatory culture
Join us tonight for Cleveland heights candidate night,,, for making this happen CH UH Dems
AMAZING weekend!
Time for bed.
Thanks for following!
I hope you enjoy the book reviews.
oh really?
Ahha
I hate leaving but my byebye parties are always great!
Xoxo D.R.
:
Lunch time:
haha check me out
Whoa, Varda had a museum installation that invited the audience to mourn the loss of her cat Zgougou.
The Titanic set sail on my birthday oO
My day is good at school, then sucky at home.
ln person on Leadbelly and the sonic color line...
RT : Amazing dinner tonight.
What a view.
Incredible food.
Me: OMG I FREAKING LOVE MY LIFE mins later Me: Uggghh FML.
LMAAAOOO
Electoral College Map Shows Romney Has Tougher Path Than Obama
Congrats Cj i know ull ball up

thanks for the follow!
I hope u did to
ocwcglobal How to create an infrastructure that supports more participatory world  the generation of new knowledge?
im so quiet and awkward around my family...
: On NPR ystrdy A Huffington said he's wrong  U contribute to public debate of the news which is the pt of journalism.
Household objects are always plotting your demise.
RT Final Destination movies are responsible for 98 of my daily fears.
Your doing this crappy work because you can't even spell.
im scared for your hair.
Its going to die.
Just saying.
My mom hates it when I read her mind.Freaks her out everytime.
Lmao she dnt Believe.
I learn frm the master lol luv yabri
My life, My idol, My teenagedoctoram, My love, and i want him to be my first love!
Just discovered that I can hear a James Taylor tune without barfing my breakfast.
Does this mean I've hit middle age?
I think i laugh to hard at commercials :/
Can't stop thinking about how Mad Men needs to change its name to Puffy Betty.
you said 3,2,1, so i said blastoff .
Beer and Funk 45's go hand in hand.
vinyl records If you don't know, you better ask somebody!
Caltrain is a bit full.
Added bonus, some guys nose is bleeding.
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
In Ot sijils, the names Zayd and Hind are equivalents of John Doe and Jane Doe.
wanna play a game??
gts?
alex3
Just give your card  to the manager  request replacement card.
letter and bill BRAVO...keep us posted.
hey!
he's being mean!
I got a date tonight wif cody and I dont know what to wear and I want all of u to come too
I need a delete button for all the selfish and spoiled people in my life.
Wow.
Popular people are so so SO annoying these days.
YourNotCool You just need to stop and STAY ON FACEBOOK.
Twitter is my territory .
You know, being a Transporter isnt all Audis, hot women and excessive speed.
In my experience, its Ford vans, cookies and traffic.
musesocial Overheard in the room: Is a typo in a tweet worse than a typo on the wall?
Baseball players 3
We've arrived in Nashville!
We can't wait for ETC11 to start in the morning.
See you there!
Humming a tune when you're upset can ease your mind.
Wtf , he just woke up looked at me  then went back to sleep.
as a citizen appeals secret vote ruling to the Georgia supreme court  and wins!
I must agree.
Now I'm HUNGRY!!!
Yummy!
I know you so well, its kinda creepy.
; readingyominddd!
Just walked past ryan howard in his white bentley on Sansom.
I guess he wasnt watching the game.
I made the yummiest omelet!
Artichoke, mushroom and feta with egg whites....

RT : Capricorn's are ambitious and make good husbands or wives.
anytime boss just get at me...email, facebook, on here or whatever.
I like Chrome for the extensions like Print Friendly, and various integration tools.
And I like to try new things!
:
may 9th I'm sellin plates so put ur order n may 8th ill bring it out 2 u pass the word the menu on fb the event page
Such a good 40 minute run...I didn't want to stop!
That's so fetch.
Tell Anna she is a lovely lady but she is failing at being a girl raised in the 90s :
RT with your Leap Day plans and traditions!

Special Price!
for Magazine Tote With Special Pomotions...
Hey Kobe..
Lebron James has never been SWEPT in the playoffs before
wondering when the slides from Sean's presentation will be up?
Really good food for thought.
why do you have to be so freaking sexy???????!!!!
your sexiness is killing me!!
Just one more example that on and offsite backups are a must for court reporters Stenographer Error Gives Convicted Florida Murderer...
really liking the bass on the Sin Salida track
Just once, can we not be defined by our surgery and the ignorance we face.
There's so much more to us.
no worries!!
Let's put something together sometime.
There are three Civil War dependents still receiving pensions!
Claire Kluskens of at
Shoutout to Taj Gibson for hooping and not giving up
Leaving a fancy party in yacht club cloths to go to a civilian bar with a new group of people increases your JudgingLooksRecieved 10 fold
Definately wearing the wrong outfit to Antro...
F!
Happy Easter everyone  even if you forgot that this holiday was not only for consuming more and more products...
Leave all valuables at home as you risk them getting lost or stolen on the bus.
I just love you :
4 is killing us.
I'm looking at it.
shot me out.
IF I DONT B DER MY SQUAD B TAKIN OVA ER FRIDAY...MHV/MITCHELL HEIGHTS VETS
Super Blonde or Darken it up!!
Hey !
Love your website, but that feed goes so fast you can't read anything!
Would love to be able to filter it  slow it down.
:
dude what's yr number I feel like its always changing
Left my water bottle at work.
Fuckfuckfuck.
.
was an immigrant who organized a union of immigrants.
Getting your seat warmed up!
: RT u guys r looking sweet in that new studio!
asks if you can bring only one platform with you on a stranded island what would it be?
I know!
I can't wait for this reunion.
The world will probably explode when we all see each other.
I think a nose piercing is bad idea.
You're too pretty for that and if you want to get a job I can tell you it's not a plus.
4/15/2011 DJ 12 TRIBE  B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
I know, I know.
I'm a bad internet citizen.....
Really?
RT : Baltimore Waterfront Partnership says we will swim in Baltimore's Inner harbor by 2020
send mp3's to for review.
all day everyday
I clean my apt every Saturday morning naked in 6in heels...why am I single?
Huston request for kick off.

Can't wait to see what you have put together!
See ya there!
You're only as old as you feel
Watching thevoice with my man and my girl
good thing plenty of people disagree, or id be out of work :
Lunching at doctornking a carmel macchiato and catching up on my favorite blogs.
They are practicing for the Ft.
Lauderdale Air  Sea Show...and my office window has perfect view of the fly overs along the ocean!!
no prob your welcome:
Did you know I signed to ?
Make me a Twitter account.
What if I want to Twit something?
my dad
yes, right away.
1996: 9.
You're such a cutie:
Wait times are doctormatically reduced city wide.
Today, averaging 515 min.
FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE !!
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
Ayn Rand
Right now we are running a special on all our Resistors and Capacitors...
BOGO FREE.
In our Walk in store.
Send us your favorite songs out the D!
Just crushed the gym after a 3 week hiatus
Please watch and share my videos on YouTube!
It would mean a lot to me!3
Brewers at 3:05 vs.
SF.
They need some MVP support to end this road trip!
RT : RT Everyone  even jerks  should have right to marry.
Writing an academic book on H1N1 pandemic and the history of our entanglement with flu viruses.
Great Slate article on H5N1.
Happy Mothers day to your mom and thanks to her we could listen to such an amazing guy like you singing : 3
my pic was on tumblr?????:O:O
Make sure you catch all the hip events!
Don't forget to add us on Facebook!
Http://www.facebook.com/hipstervegas
oh okay : haha!!
I need to plank
a www :
Nice nice Samorf.com I like the updates.
I think the borders would look nicer another color, I'm not sure though.
Trying to pic.
it.
I'm also not going to SXSW.
But if you are, and you make effeminate lemming the hashtag/catchphrase of the conference, you win a prize.
HEY BOO!
HAHA.
You said IDP!
It took me a sec to remember what that meant!
Glad you're starting your day with a healthy cup of THK!
Remember, for happiness throughout your day, continue listening : 
LBJ is a PUS
40thingsaboutme 38.
I want a truck when I turn 16 :
I still take the stairs!
Last night...typical Orioles...thank god for the Caps!.

to the one breaking it / the fragrance / of the plum haiku Chiyoni
says hi
Another series win...I'm diggin this!
ok we havent talked in a while
Every girl's crazy bout a sharp doctorssed man!....
The dance routine I choreographed for is definitely proper!
Take the workshop Friday night folks!!!
via
..
And a liar, and pathetic and alone in life and MEAN, and MEAN, and MEAN.
do you have a girlfriend?
If so, are you a chivalrous kind of guy?
If not, can I be your girlfriend?
some sigh rough basement tapes from last summer.
Hittin the studio this month  newshit!
How many of our fans are planning to watch the Academy of Country Music Awards this Sunday?
Thanks for the K.
Every little bit helps, right?
I earned my education from the school of hard knocks.
What did you think of Lady A's performance?
I loved it.
What we call the beginning is often the end.
And to make an end is to make a beginning.
The end is where we start from.TSEliot
I'd love to have a popup at aam2012 for our museum community.
Should I partner with a local museum or contact someone at AAM?
you dont want to be bothered
just saw your tweet, did you want in on the flash mob ?
: send me your email addoctorss so I can email you details!
hey I see u are team af...
What base u at?
We're so excited for you to join us tomorrow at !
Thanks for the follow!
Let me know if you ever need a doctormmer to come in on the fly.
I'm close!
Mexican or Chinese food?
no  has to be dating, partnered or married  could do broken up, if recent ;
Let's go!
I swiped it off of him yesterday at fuse..
just kidding miss you all though!
come back to ny
Thanks for the shout out!!
dear twitter fans I may not do the gas mask challenge tonight.
but I may do the gas mask challenge tomorrow night depending on how it goes
have fun!!
YOLO doesn't mean stop, and go out and do sum dirty shyt.
Some people got it all fucked up.
Today in NY history, the Woodstock music festival opens.
Becomes famous spot for legends like Bob Dylan, Grateful Dead, Janis Joplin.
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today.
Herman Wouk
Can I Call The Fans Of Yours A HARRISONERZ And Yours Too A MADISONERZ..??
RT If You Agree..:
Follow !!
She is BEAUTIFUL!!
Having a working printer in my apartment makes me feel powerful
listening to a marathon of JustinBieber so far im on my 7th song i have a long way to go
omg my eyes sting so bad !
Theres plenty of fish in the sea but I've already found my nemo3
Hu Honua can be up and running by end of 2012, providing 10 of island power while other renewables are developed.
......
I'm reporting/blocking/unfollowing you.
I Awoke Angry this morning......
MIGRANE!!!
Now I feel sick!!
I mean puke all over the place sick.
Going back to bed!
Eyes open has become one of my new favorite songs
HOW THE RASS CLAT JA IS NOT CARRYING GREGORY'S FUNERAL LIVE ON TV THAT'S THE LEVEL OF RESPECT THEY HAVE FOR THEIR HEROES WHAT THE FU
we sure will.
You should have an email from our AR rep by tonight
In 2010, we held our first BowlaThon and raised 180K for abortion access.
In 2011, it was 320K.
This year?
459K AND COUNTING!!!
Thanks!
Had a great, great time at that show!
Understanding the importance of communication will justify the investment of money and time into becoming a more effective communicator
I guess I can see now how people like Michael Jackson felt
Before you place in a race, you must find a place where you want to race.
tell dem fi come on twitter, dem fulla slackness pon facebook, twitter is where its at
We Know We have it !
Now lets come to terms.
The Question is will you be blinded by the light ?
Be the first to uncover the Story
dont call us fans remember were your BELIEBERS!!
Aztecs!
awesome.
Great game.
Bounced back from 14 down to finish strong.
Happy H'Ween !
Please post a pic if U do!
3from GA Babbaaay
Still on job hunt Looking for anything pertaining to content generation, communications, or editing.
Wow ...
Healthcare Heroes team is 4 minutes ahead of schedule.
These guys are running fast !
RT People who were alive when the Cubs last won the World Series: Geronimo.
Butch Cassidy.
Mark Twain.
Tolstoy.
Harriet Tubman.
and knows exactly how to interact with a room of students...
natural teacher.
love it.
here's to the kids who have so many talents that they can't decide what they want to do in their life.
Thank you Susan.
Our pleasure.
Hugs
Wishing so bad that would DM me :
R.I.P.
Carroll Shelby
I've checked it out, and damn it works great with Photoshop and AI, it's officially in the workflow.
Time saver.
y'all come out Rio's Friday night for Mazerati vol.3 release party
Everything is going great!
Only three weeks left until graduation :
five miles this morning along lovely lake michigan; this is the time of year when chicago can fool you...
gorgeous weather!
Excellent news!
Congrats!!!
ty gl hf tweet if you make any deep runs wheeee
I don't
Just tried pomegranate ketchup.
Yummy
lol I understand.
Is that a birthday gift from you to you?
Oh indeed!
will be live from and we'll be doing our thing during gametime, so get there early 1p.
Everyone check out www.icraigery.com Please give me some suggestions on how to make it better!
If you would like to hear the 8 Core Orchestra Series for FREE,  reply and I'll send you a link to download the mp3s.
My coworker just said, I don't like barbecue.
bring me some lol
JK Rowling Steps Away from Harry Potter to Write 'Adult' Book  PopStop TV
Yuri said Im sorry but 5 niggas in wifebeaters in a lil honda looks a tad bit homo ...Lmao!!
MTV has My super sweet 16  When I was 17.
What's NEXT?
Officer, I swear she was 18!?
haha u wished!
Anything that doesnt involve money lol
thanks!
You too!
yea but it didnt go down so i got to do it before practice tomorrow
they need a real qb
Please tell all that TryOuts is open to all 21  up Fri Nov 20.
10 to get n and of course BYOB!
doctorss code strictly enforced
Its so hard to fall asleep with so much shit going through your mind.
I may be doctornk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
hey soul sister
I would like Gotye more if his name were pronounced gotcha as I had assumed.
Tonight is the 7th annual Turkey and Friends Christmas dinner/ party!!
Each year getting bigger and bigger.
Happy Holidays.
Finally done :
I knew what you meant!
nah, the problem is they're racing tiresreally light and fast but flat easily.
Major congratulations!!!!!!
Hahah, that was epic.
At Canoe, right?
And a good many doctornks in.
Always salt it, always salt it ;p
I love and have lived him longer than soo
To live a creative life we must lose our fear of being wrong.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
lol you ain't ever rode with me
Love you too, babee
I am cleaning it.
.t unlike someone, but I got tired.
Goodbye Camp Quantico!
Hello Annapolis Naval Academy!
Headed to DC after!
THEN HE WAS ALL LIKE HAHA!
Everyone come see how funny I am!
I'm glad you have something to look forward to, your life seemed so bland and pathetic up to now
Did you get a Tylenol answer?
love the hoodie.
definitely you.
;
Conan!
Nuff Said :
Oh, he didn't say anything about having someone else do it lol
lol, get fired up!
RT : ITS GO TIME AMERICA
Thanks for all the comments : look forward to meeting you sometime soon :
hahahaha just kidding man!
I KNEW YOU WERE GOING TO MAKE IT.
Anyways, deysi why you saying your thinking bout it?
It's a yes!
Lol jk.
:p
Can't wait for Sunday Funday's at Bella Vita.
If AL GORE has a girlfriend she MUST BE the product of the LAST ICEAGE triggered by GLOBAL WARMING
In first tired af
Apparently a party is going on all over America.
while glad a Party is occurring on a Tuesday, we weren't invited.
NotSo
My feelings exactly!
I plan to do the same thing!
Q9  R u going to the mall later?
Executive producers told Adele to lose weight, but she replied, 'I write music for the ears not the eyes.' That is why she is an idol.
Amen!
RT funfact I'm an Ordained Minister...
so, if you're getting married give me a call!
About to announce the winner of the beanie....doctorm roll please
it's time to go home people
omg yay, text me!
thanks for the FF mention!
You surely do!
Is your name on here different than it used to be?
How you been?
Good morning everyone.
Have a terrific Friday!
tough call on best ever but you're prob right
Simon say's shut the hell up!!
the artist is The Game, the song is let me put you in the game.
I just looked on YouTube and its not there.
I'll look later.
I woke up at like five in the morning and Gotta Kick It Up was on.
so excited to see you!!
those are never real
AllHailAle No.19 racking to secondary; No.20 in the mash awaiting our first effort at repitching yeast.
Toes crossed
...waait...where do i go now?
Is the I heart Aurora page still up at Case somewhere?
Those were some good, nutty messages.
The ice cream truck parks for an extra few minutes at the Roland Ave.
retirement home to give the old folks time to wander out.
Take out your sexual frustration on me.
We're you at iam always ready for action.
Just read it.
Sounds like fun!
I will be watching for tweets that night from sec.
14, row W!!
um day doctornking please
Word of the day: hornswoggle  to swindle, cheat, hoodwink, or hoax.
got them!
I'll send them to him asap!
IWouldDoAnythingFor a friend...that has chocolate.
thank you.
At the very end now, trying to dig deep and get it done.
So appreciate the expression of confidence!
Top10doctorpa No 5: You continually refer to the boat/hotel as home
from the estimators and never give it back.
I told them I'm going to start.
I can be the biggest bitch in the world.
I need people to text.
Any takers?
Camera phone is broken!
But there is plastic rod with attached filter placed right in the middle of the top.
in college really wanted to study Nuclear Bishion, but he was too Bishious on the field.
Commission will break and be back at 6:35.
you killed Sylvia, you took her life away and didn't think twice about it..
we are putting on facebook, websites, youkilledher
There is a story behind everyone, a reason to why they are how they are.
So think about it before you judge someone....
mine are 14 and 11, you have a lot of amazing moments ahead of you two...
I'd talk about my acting career.
Or what ever I want!!
Follow me?: xx
Mothers Day In The U.S Is Tomorrow!
Make Sure You Get/Make Your Mom Something Nice And Show Her How Much You Love Her Tomorrow!
: xx
Some bit9 responsible disclosure doctorma in whitelisting talk.
Vendors, don't hijack talks.
Take it offline.
Phil Collins will be the Steelers motavational speaker?
hm..
okay.
Stop using YOLO as an excuse to act stupid.
TJ Maxx now open in Eastlake!
Retweet before Sun 8/14  enter to win 50 gift card from South Bay Expressway
we just love our cats don't we?
so good.
Treated myself to a mani  pedi ...so relaxed now
Ice cream bars.
: Are there any good bars to cry alone in?
Nominated songwriter of the year Eric doctorne of Naked Like Adam has a new song.
A Little More Time will be released in about 72 hours!...
I only travel in chic repurposed army bags
I agree
I love Beltre
we are still looking into making San Jose in June.
We'll know by this week.
I'm becoming physically exhausted just watching Warrior.
I'm from Portland Oregon..
of course I'd live in a pyramid.
I'll throw corrosive acid in the face of anyone who casually glaces at my computer screen while passing my cubicle.
Hi Madison!!!
3
That explains a lot of your tweets.
:P
absolutely....having a meeting with Josh this week about it....thank u very much....
2  Acess to quality education.
Now, you guys are getting double portions here.
Me, too.
For each one of us, there were 2,000 who didn't.
I agree!
Al these guys tryna act like theyrr studs.
You'll never learn..
Headed to the stadium for our semifinal game!
I think your health is the most important thing.
So many people have diabetes, high blood pressure, etc.
Someone needs to explain how my bartender's rack is physically possible.
Today is my BDay May 14th
Ready to watch CNNHeroes.
So inspiring.
People don't show true love anymore it all about self in marriage relationships daily living family values are out the window
hope someone got that speech on video, or at least a transcript
looking forward to 4As Annual transformLA conference Monday  just a few miles from HQ
I just ate white castle.
YUM!
4famouswords  save it for later.
TwitterBlackout is the new
Winner picked!
RT : We picked a winner for the giveaway!!
Stay tuned!
Winner announced tomorrow!!
I HATE when someone comes in my room, leaves, and doesn't COMPLETELY shut the mf door!!
.
Private party show this Saturday...Jerry interview on Class X Radio next Tuesday...Kill Devil Hill show next Saturday
How much you want ?
the screen can def be replaced.
Cost is around 100  150 depending on how deep the crack / break is.
1 day turn around.
is it because you're doctorssed up as something?
or because you're not doctorssed up as something?
right fam just atmeordapme tho!
I was actually looking for her twitter to  her nutass!
LoL
GO CAPS!!!
Where in Arlington are you watching the game??
Courage is Fear Holding On a Minute Longer Anonymous
well what was it...?
Reggie Leach Success is not the result of spontaneous combustion.
You must set yourself on fire.
What an incredible playoff game.
49ers deserve it.
3632 over the
Listen, Larry, don't let anybody bring any racing forms around the Yankee Club because it will not be good.
a pleasure!
I could go for a duet with CeeLo Green.
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Wait until you're on tour in Mexico RT : I will never purchase bottled water.
Dumbest invention ever.
Renovations have been postponed until further notice.
I'm hungry
And, every 20 seconds some politician lies, and some corporation earns enough money to almost INSTANTLY solve the pr
I understand y Royce stay the hell away
im cooler :D
I'm gonna follow Viola back .
It's been damn near two years lol .
Giants pulled it out, let's hope the Yanks do the same!
Be the change, love the unloved, give when there is a need, write to the ones you want to reach  above all.....make a difference!
PeopleNeedToStop talking about fight club.
Am i right AM I RIGHT
good layed back night guess u could say, just wish kinda had somone to spend it with..
getting some shut eye see whats in store for tomorrow
THE BEATLES: THE HELP!
what u on later bro?
How long before the word Zimmerman goes in the thesaurus as a synonym for moron?
What on earth did I tweet that resulted in a spate of Walmart giftcard spam?
Go away, Spammers!
yeaah but I tried to update the app but then it won't even let me on twitter .
I'm sorry about your experience.
I'm sure you'll be able to turn it into an experience that you'll grow from.
Stay positive.
;
Change of heart..im trimming and keeping it haha
A cuddle house simulates the close proximity of the areas between the rocks of a cliff.He feels secure in it,Happy Bird:
It's a good feeling!
:o
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
you are so inspirational.
Hope u c this tweet.:
I'm sure I can arrange something.
Besides, it's in Baltimore next year.
You're close.
You have no excuse.
neener neener
Neat.
When was it published?
Wish my subconscious would come up with a less hackneyed doctoram metaphor than the long scary uphill road.
I get it already.
RT : I am loving the spicy beet and ramp salad from today.
will you be at the football spring game?
maltonikesb is awesome!
I am irrationally excited about having time to take a nap before work today.
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity.
And there is always work to be done.
Vista Print and GoDaddy are ABSOLUTELY OBNOXIOUS with the upsells while in the buy flow.
Makes we want to
RT : I heard that April is Wear a Hijab in Solidarity Month.
Is this just in San Diego?
Thanks to all of u who reached out to me.
My day IS a little better thanks to U!!
Yogurtland was easily the best decision of the night.
Any web developers interested in picking up some side work?
I'm just looking for help with XHTML/CSS.
MODx experience always a plus!
That's quite an interesting talent!
haha
Do you love this shit?
Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
Are you single?
yes he did.twat.
Think I'll just play this wobble board.
Damn, I'm ready for some NBA basketball.
I've missed you.
Niggas be claiming they only fuck with bad bitches but they girlfriends be looking mediocre.
Tomorrow newspapers in south central Indiana are running a strong piece on 9 yr old Ally Pemberton.
She's worthy of support!
JDG
Enjoy, and may the force be with you.
Heading 2 .
for 2011 conference.
SecState Clinton kicks off incredible lineup of speakers!
.
Follow me for live tweets 2day.
Police looking for man who held up a gas station in Norwood with a machete.
Story at 5:30.
and and and...
how can a girl choose?!?
Bittersweet and The Alchemy of Forever are on PulseIt!
Maybe I'll read those this weekend!
Pulled BBQ in the crock pot Cold beer in the fridge, Off of work at 3
if you like ugly meter, you will love ScanMan when it comes out in a month!
we met a couple times at bby.
I see ur at aapl now.
I came over as a leader a couple months ago.
Would love to connect.
great LJ review attached to that record, btw.
Wonderful!
So glad you're enjoying cni11f.
Thx for the tweet!
I'm ready for a new era in sandwich making.
Perk to living with guy roommates: hey Kelsey, do you want to see the Avengers?
Me: um, yeah.
Duh'.
Is in for the night !
A few weeks ago Adam was just really rude to one of the contestants.
I'm like, totally uncalled for.
good day xP lol
RT Bad libraries build collections.
Good libraries build services.
Great libraries build communities.
Thanks for the FF !
Looking forward to your next upcoming novel!
Looking up new and exciting healthy recipes is also a good idea.

wish I were in Ft Worth today.
I can't find my wallet 0.o.
Patience is a great skill to tame TECHNO
Double play!!!
Compete Every Day  on a 12y/o postit from my Gramma when I was unsure about my path.
That still reinforces my goals  successes today
captainIN AMERICA was better this time around.
Really enjoyed it.
3 out of 4 stars
mla s305 Sue Kim: we are definitely after pomo in lit studies, but strategies are embedded in every advertisement.
great site!
: Tune Into MTV 2  11am  11pm and check out my interview on RT filmed it!
Check out the Indiana Landmarks Monument Circle tour from 1011 am tomorrow beginning at South Bend Chocolate Co.
for free!
Tonight's the night.
GO CARDS!
You must map social media objectives to business objectives
Culture  creativity  curiousity  abundant community  library!!
Am so excited about this conference!!
Cocaine's a hell of doctorg
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
Chinese Proverb
LMAO...exactly.
That Johnny Most was freaking wizard when it came to calling a game.
It is.
usually apple  cinnamonRT : Is this your choice of breakfast each morning?
Why would you want to call it iPad HD?
Makes it sound trashy.
When the buzz word has been used in sunglasses, you know it's past its prime.
So glad I got checked out at 10 today.
Cause I would've been so freaking bored.
did you time travel?
So I wasn't the only one who did that?!
:D We should watch it one day and livetweet about it!
that would be awsome!!!
I know Vincents wife Joni, use to live in their neighborhood, she's in good hands!!
your twitter looks so familiar omg
the light of consciousness on our own feelings and needs.
Cynthia Harris
Using technology to leverage my social networks.
How are you doing this?
Quote of the Day Happiness is like jam.
You can't spread even a little without getting some on yourself!
Congrats on graduation.
Also, read the other two books in the series.
chid480f orality vs.
literacy vs.
digital literacy different habits of mind, do these technologies change the way you think?
I love you 3
Can't go anywhere without a phone.
Someone should come visit me.
:
Thanks for coming in guys.It was great to meet you.We love what you are doing.Come on by anytime.Bring some friends
Next film screening at USC is 40 Days and 40 Nights this Wednesday, March 21st at 7:30 PM in Leavey Auditorium!
I feel bad for the ladies that throw their life away for a guy.
Smh.....sad.
ive been trying for over a month to contact you about yr cam.
Whats a guy have to do to see you on cam?
Now that'd be an amazing show!
What do you think the big surprise will be?
I have taken a big interest in the Parenthood show on NBC.
Perhaps this is because I am now a parent.
exactly the same..
And I get up early to make breakfast for her :
amazing show at the improv tonight!
3 love it;
that bitch from miss dorritys class looks like a horse hahahaha and her bestfriend can suck it
research quote of the day: Gone are the days when earplug boxes were labeled for swimmers and nervous women barry traux
Ah, yes, , I knew you were traveling; was not sure if you arrived.
Accompanied by Napoleanic brigade?
I'll be at digital doctorpin
when is a new BB coming out for Verizon?
OH OK SO YA TONGUE HURT YET
less talk more work....
Impressive  inspiring!
:
It WAS behind the couch.
How did you know?
welcome back home.
Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color.
Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We'd love to have you!
RT  need some more great Indy restaurants?
This is the most insane sporting event I've seen in a long time.
the answer is definitely Tebowing.
I just know it!
thatawkwardmomentwhen my mom has a better chance of dating harry styles, than me....
Crying while watching 1D concert videos because I have no life.
Random, but the word 'voodoo' has FOUR 'o's....that's way too much.
Lol
Had to happen sooner or later.
DezBryant victim of wardoctorbe malfunction.
Need to tighten those doctorwers, Dez.
With 200,000 hs girls playing soccer each year, miraculously all of the next Mia Hamm's will try out 4 our team according to their parents.
thank you!!
Those Calls Before Bed  .
Another Night W/O You Kills Me .
Goodnight World 
Off from one studio to the next...now if only I was getting paid for this...
I don't know...
maybe the sheer amount of uncommitted votes is clogging the system.
I was so ready to make a PBJ but there's no fucking bread!
:/
If you work out every day, make sure two days are low intensity to avoid injury.
what r u going for?
Just watched the new legend of korra assesstfguvdhizjifcj the feels!
Patio is open!!!
The Belmont Tavern and Whiskey Bar patio is open for you afterwork and tonight.
Cathedoctorl Square's BEST afterwork bar!
What am I doing with my life.
More crashes in southeast Aurora.
This one at Progress  Picadilly Road.
If you're not paying your girl any attention..
Then who is?
the technology is feasible!
if NFC were in more handsets...
It is looking pretty nasty outside.
Did the money go through?
well if it insists on being sandal weather then i insist on getting a pedicure.
and ice cream for my sore throat.
:
begins its annual meeting today in Baltimore
I want sugar and cinnamon on it!!!!
O wee, finally warm enough to pull out the shorty shorts for a run ..cover ur eyes folks.
So I guess Jennifer Egan gets to enjoy being the most recent Pulitzer Prize for two years in a row.
Did you see the 2pac hologram performance at Coachella???
All I have to say is, very very very very very interesting.
2pacBack?
theres no canceling, I'd like that expensive european beer at novare
South Dakota just sounds boring as hell.
I get off at 9, why what's up?
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others.
Be a carrier.
Anonymous
Working through the weekend with the worst cold I've ever had and the worst eurotrash I've ever heard.
fml
Best person to talk to would be Alison Jung.6197028275.
Let her know you were directed to her via Twitter.
IT IS A BEDTIME.
NOT CURFEW.
JOY DOES NOT HAVE A CURFEW.
RT  New England Patriots all day!!!!
RCA Victor trying to name pocket radio: Nip, Pockette, Pick pocket, Pocketeer, Tom Thumb, Pup, Stowaway, Tabloid, Nipperette, Minirad
just found me here.
my life is complete.
:
I have a damn good time when we are together 3
don't belive that Kony organization shit,it's another way for the government to make money, why do you need 10,000 ppl to find on person?
also, sry I told to ask you what BBC stands for.
I just felt like directing her to you  I was feeling lazy :P haha
seriously  it was appalling.
Even Billy Dyer would have been disgusted.
So relieved to have our presentation out of the way!
We had a good crowd  comments.
We were nervous, but I think it went well.
sorry, just posted, thought I had alrdy!
Just bought ItWillRain what an awesome song.
Thank you Bruno.
It was well worth the wait.
man u don't understand
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct.
16
I think Ted Thompson  the Packers got exactly who they wanted with Nick Perry at 28.
I'm very pleased with the pick.
Welcome to the Pack
Thanks so much for the RT tonight!!
OOPS!
Univ.
of Iowa student was charged with possessing a stolen ID.
The ID belonged to the bouncer working the door.
Dear Past: Thank you for your lessons.'Dear Future: I'm ready'.
Dear God: Thank you for another chance.
Ewwwww somebody on this train smells like cigarette smoke.
90of the people in my contact list don't evenlive in Florida.The other 10 is basically family and Julie someonehangoutwithme
If you haven't followed , do it now please because I love all of her tweets!
Shes great!
when you know you have things to get done in this world you have to push through your fear and do them
cant now.
I can if its early.
we committed to go to another friends place for a cookout...
what time were you thinking?
Anybody want to help with a for the Central Texas Fires?
Feel free to ping me via Twitter or email.
I did battle with ignorance today, and ignorance won.
you know it's true!
PRSMS speaker from talked about Grateful Dead original band name.
Answer please ?
We'll still be playing with them Saturday at Asylum skate park.
See you there!
And don't forget at the Rave Nov 4th!
I think I'd enjoy work more if every day included a Bill Frisell concert at 4PM.
Still, I'll take what I can get.
NP: Frisell 858 Quartet
PS by or have someone else do it I simply meant I know you're swamped.Any credible update would have been ok.
Thx 4 replying
Listening to Kris Boyd on Talk Timbers podcast.
I'm convinced he speaks not a language of this earth...
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!5
fuckin school lunch!
So says I want a talk show again We'd love to see it!!!
you can't deactivate from you iPod.
Definitely shouldn't have gone out for doctornks and karaoke tonight.
Ug.
Lol
nice??
Hm ...
Must be some sort of Santa reference ...
Pretty sure klout tracks that.
I got a 1 in Knocked Up by Fertility God from Klout!
Where are you when I need you?
I'm missing you...
Just wanna share pillows and blankets with a cuddle.
Ok coffee...things are looking up!
On to Little Rock.
Hope the and roadtrip is going good.
More rappers should come out with their own liqueur.
It's a great concept.
How awesome is this!!!
netflix, you broke my heart.
I have one more comp at the door lol
Email from presidential campaign with subject line, Hey.
Why not go allout Althusser and make it, Hey, you there.
remote great tribute to Frank
That awkward moment when your talking to your lover in the hospital room where your dead husband is coming back to life.
Let me see what I can do.
I'll get back with ya.
as a nonnative speaker of English, I am very curious about the difference between bullshit and horseshit you use often
Blastin real or fake on repeat shit goes hard
Working on a song for the ep...
Also have big huge plans for this year!!!
New merch and stuff everyone will be pleased :
so good!
Like him on www.facebook.com/zakdowntown and let's spread the word!
Good Morning : have a great day!
Is the movie any good?
i wanted to see it but havent got around to it yet
Soup?
Dunno....
did you check uranus?
I appreciate aggression
bitch im blonde , not dumb ;D  ikr a day apart i feel like its ben a month.
Donna Karan was gorgeous; off the runway one guest wore those insanely chic Prada swirly shades RT : Can't wait to see fab looks!
thanks for coming to join us!
thanks!
:D
Cotton is looking a bit too sharp Floyd needs to pick it up!
Best taco truck in the city right out our work window.
Thank you
some people need more than a prayer
2NITE The Get Back  Beauty Bar!
Funky Soul Dance Party!
10pm!
Happy Hour 69 pm, 2 for 1 doctornks!
WhenAustin says I love you at the end of his Mistletoe cover 3
something new and you'll b fine
: Justin whoJenkins He grad today for 345
Happy to help run the ACCELERATE retweet contest.
Congrats !
wohoo heading home soon :
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
Maybe a little 'Dont Go Breaking My Heart'?
Kiki Dee and Elton John?
No?
DVR Alert: Wanna know how to belt out tunes in style?
Catch singing in his rad Canadian Tuxedo 2nite on
Family Guy3
practice at 6am
hangout with me this weekend
Snow is god's way of punishing old people.
What to do
Yes, yes and YES.
Look at 80s games.
Embracing the most ludicrous ideas is genius...
Exciting news SweetCakesCo will be launching our site this evening, stay tuned.....first round launch, there will be adding  editing.
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
cos I got a couple of other friends parties to attend.
yes, it comes with it if you purchased it from BodyBugg.
same here, for sure!
Banner Day for a Banner Saints Season...
Is almost a GO!
VERY last minute order going in at 1PM!
Surprise the Saints!
Isles starters: Nabokov in net, Hamonic and MacDonald on D and a line of Tavares, Okposo and Moulson
Saturday, October 27, 2012.
Attendance not required to enter sauce, but you can come  have a booth for more exposure!
Hope the honey badger shows out tonight...
God my hatred for alabama is beautiful
Oh Boshy.
Get better LeBron and Wade will handle the Pacers.
No, Haley.
But I have wondered what the heck are they eating?
I saw a guy eating spaghetti once!
Looking to advertise?
We print 11 Resource Guides across Indiana that have info on AD  local resources.Call 8002723900 for rates/info.
You're way over qualified.
But for you, I'd write a fab recommendation.
Fruit wat up.
I know ppl gone ask y dat name but they'll neva kno
DoubleSided Tape is suitable for sealing, cushioning, and gasketing.
ThomasNet Industrial News Room
Tonight's GameofThrones proved what I always suspected; that George R.
R.
Martin is a 2 Fast 2 Furious fan!
This is making me sick
Count me in as one of the thrilled.
Last thing we need is the
Needing a little pickmeup right about now...
coffee vs.
chocolate.
Hm
Lol she scared she might scratch my back...
yep im doing my job
opening the API would kill their leverage over biz owners.
There's also no process to confirm legit reviews.
So weak.
line looks great!
Landing in LV for can we move NY here?
Hear the hottest Dade county music  www.305movement.com
OR WHAT NOT
Appreciate all the love I'm not saying I'm the best but with the right tools I will be one of the greatest!
I was born to do this!
God bless
being better
The Sixers win their first Boston game since Game 7 of the 1982 Eastern Conference Finals.
yeah, i think i'd take the money from an angel investor.
This albatross is killing my costume for tomorrow.
RIP Donna Summer
This doctorss makes me look stout.
I was the same.
I did some improv in college, but it had been a little while.
The rust is shaking off  classes have been fun
One day my bio will say ' followed on // it was the best day ever.'
Have fun and tell all the caprsa friends, Hi!
: is right.
Metal is for pussies.
Big D will ruin your shit with a stick.
I feel sick to my stomach.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!...r doz yo real breasts???
I was following until I found out he was a Laker Girl
Absence is one of the most useful ingredients of family life, and to do it rightly is an art like any other.
Too bad I'll miss your tweets.
For selfish reasons, I hope you don't win.
Np andoctor n andoctor
Check it out www.slicesoflifemovie.com
He woke up.
Had to be taken out with a cart.
wow!
I have just decided to start doing that same thing.
Any tips?
Follow me Bailey please please please!
I love you im a big RNGeezies :
Our Traditional class had blckbrd  chalk 4 students today their traditional class will have tech live ppl
What is going on ?
Having fun  whotel hollywood.
Pool party, doctoris,  awesome food.
This is what I miss about LA.
The weather is prefect.
Breakfast time.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3
Dusseldorf, another joke yoyo German club that have done nothing since you were in diapers and we all know how long ago that was.
Just spent the last hour editing and compiling various video clips of my cats.
Really, Rene?!
Really??
What better way to spend the day of love than by taking a pathology exam  cramming for another in biomechanics 3 School, you have my life.
: Yes, EVERYONE uses the term so the true meaning has been tarnished.
Don't like  all...
Doing very well, busy.
Trying to build up my Followers  most are still from
But don't worry, no hard feelings 
Crimping my hair with olive
And I know it's not all that important, and possibly a little sad I noticed, but would it have been /that/ hard just to look it up?
What should happen to BIG BEN?
Big Ben might be a sexual predator of the worst kind and if he is it is very likely that he will
RT : We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
The Talmud
I had a poopoo plater today literally
Good Morning and Happy Friday Everyone!
Welcome to RVA Twitter!
RT : We're new, too!
Excited to join the community on Twitter.
RT is new to Twitter.
who's the guy in the picture you keep showing on the lower right hand side?
But perfectionism is also dangerous, though differently so.
Check out Trotsky  Hutch at the FringeTO  completely improvised hilarity for those who wish their heads were giant oranges.
no sorry:
Possible snow it November??
Love it!!
Not everybody can say they 30 NoKids in Milwaukee ....
Okay, for some reason, the phrase he played this song immediately puts me in mind of La Mer ...
and the last 10 mins of Tinker Tailor
great opportunites ..
are you open to other areas outside of the Atlanta area?
Was trying to represent here on the left coast, but doing that now would make me the target of cruel  justified mockery :
Or I should say...
How are they working around any legal implications this has?
Or are there any?
friggin' awesome, right?
District lounge brunch party this Saturday from 3 pm to 8 pm
u know how u say Cdoctorin some of ur songs at the beginning, what does it stand for?
Mike Myers lookin ass!!
I said I could if I wanted.
gee, you cant read ?
harsh.
GordonRamsey 's gonna make me stop eating out!
KitchenNightmares 2nite is a culinary nightmare but Gordon's gonna get these Queens right!
she ha her bf text me LOL
we like it when you call us
MusicNOW tonight.
7pm.
Mouse on Mars.
And a score to Un Chien Andalou: slicing up eyeballs, I want you to know.
I thought of another orange food  peaches!
we pull em then we pass em
Lots of everything is crap.
Lots of peerreviewed monographs too, yes?
So vigilance towards EVERYTHING.
Is it better to burn out or to fade away?discussm
I just discovered coconut milk.
It's so good in smoothies and coffee too.
Have you tried cooking with coconut oil?
yea I do whatcha say!
but I'm not gonna wait till 60.
Ha
wonder if would find room in the budget for that?
Oh wait she doesn't pay attention to voters, nevermind.
Thank you, Kevin!
much needed!!!
Thanx guys!
Haven't seen this much Red since That 70's Show.
Writer's Block :' uuugghh!
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this.
I hate when you get more favorites tweets than retweets.
follow me back please
Our contest for the most creative Headcheese recipe is still on.
Email with your best ideawin some of our pate!
we never talk to each other anymore!
NFL doctorFT ALL THE THINGS
Time for afternoon wrkout then off to wrk a good day so far
Taylors on my feet!
8292 coincidentally, 19 years ago, Ron Simmons became the first black world champion beating Vader for the WCW title.
Today is not looking like its going in my favor...I'm tired as heck
Alil sick but I'm good just woke up from a nap I feel alil better kinda hungry thou
I been eatn steaks all my life!
As babies y'all monkey asses was suckin/grabbn ya mamas titties I was suckn/grabbin A1 sauce
You are welcome!
Hope you are having a great day!
Ugh, why did they have to tell me no work today AFTER I doctornk 3 cups of coffee?!?!?!
I just wanna go back to sleep until later!!
and I've lived in brazil so I know what I'm talking about
When I was a kid .net magazine wasn't no 16.
Home sick when the management company is doing something to the facade of the building.
Involving jackhammers.
We are Scientist, Macy Gray, Bad Brains,  14 other bands In houston this saturday!
go to www.GhoulsFest.com 4 tickets.
gonna be the shit!
Lets hang out and you should steal your moms phone so we can take IG phoe toes.
Legs are still killer sore from weekend workout.
How's your New Year's training going?
yea : u can put a pic of shawty mane for the back ground.
lol
Back to reality tomorrow.
Memorize, rehearse, memorize, rehearse, memorize rehearse, oh yeah....and eat and sleep.....and do the other job
such a great morning  enjoyed the rich conversations, the flow of ideas, and of course, the TimTams!
I can't help but smile when Cody says, hey.
I heard you were looking for a gentleman.
Is it cool if he's Australian too?
:
Man run over by vehicle at Indiana  Candelaria.
Hope that dirt bag was operating a fake twitter account
Edgardo Cambon's LaTiDo plays Cuban Son tonight presented by Urban Music.
The real deal from very talented musicians.
Kobe sucks RT Kobe shot 321 from the floor.
His FG pct of 14.3 is his 3rdworst in a game with 10 FG attempts.
Educators, using YouTube in evaluating student performances?
We're working on a tool to facilitate this and need your input.
i dm'd u check it
sex with fans d.c.
followed by eminem
GRN hosted an amazing event last night at Grayhawk Golf Course with the Southwest Section PGA, GRN Agents, Golf Pros and Partners
Perry ask fans for style advice
I wonder!
We never could figure that out.
Zombie Norris would've been good though.
sometimes it is the little words that have the huge impact.
Thanks u will always b n my heart!
n ty  my Bh friends also!
Merry Christmas!
snitches get stitches.
I want snow!
dnt need a twitter to mention me
Nick rallies runner for Middlesbrough 5k
thanks for helping spread the word!
Guys don't fret about your age, women love older men!
You're more stable, experienced  more committed  so don't be shy!
Just ask her out!
is it going to be cancelled?
I bet it did!!
How precious
UK looks awful.
Our fans in the lower arena suck.
Davis is out.
Ole Miss hitting everything.
I'm aggravated.
ChuckSigars.com is circling the nation reconnecting our college theater tribe.
I think it's a hard job.
His heart is big.
And pretty.
Maybe it was something more like sarcasm.
My mistake.
Like, permanently closed?
I tried to watch Inception, but fell asleep.
Or did I?
Crazy day...
wonder what she wanted
You just got to get out there an mingle.
Also following more people would probably help.
And tweeting more regularly!
love ya
The sun is shining Chicago!
Spring is around the corner.
Woo hoo!
I love sushi!!!
really sorry to hear that buddy hope you and the family are hanging in there.
I guess I'm head to Starbucks to get the rest of my presentation done.!
My 250th Tweet!
GO HAWKS!
Sorry GUYS I just noticed that my Twitter Account is on robot mode.
I didn't make most of these tweets CRAZY!
lmao I'm sure you will!
haha love ya Chris ;
I keep finding myself watching when my husband isn't around and I don't change it!
New students get a free classes for one week.
I'm very cynical this eve.
Fair warning...
great center split knife throw expert shot hitting stuff to small to see  golf tees personalized
We appreciate you following Poised Creation Miami!
Ihateitwhen Im in the essay writing zone in dead silence, when the light bulb burns out scaring the shit out of me and I scream like I'm 4.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!
number 18 :x
Love when the office doorman tells me to 'behave myself' hahaha
: God damn that's a lucky ass bitch.
Mac's a boss :D
RT : Too many Urkels on ur team, that's y ur Winslow  Win's Low
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
sweet.
It doesn't change the fact that I love it when he steals a base.
will you be back in baseball next year
After a 3year pay freeze, SD County transportation agency to discuss merit and equity raises on Friday.
Story Thurs.
I still don't buy that being really geeky is considered cool.
Ask a cool geek to a Miyazaki film.
Watch them scoff
Espy's tonight!
I finish this year.
I should find a way to get my foot in the door, because I think D.C.
could use some JP politics
41F  warm enough to run outside!
perfectstudybreak this afternoon
Ah, much more clear, and I agree.
Though that use of media can be misleading
Albuquerque Youth Symphony Program will hold its annual Playathon at Cottonwood Mall, 10,000 Coors Bypass NW  Center Court  on Saturday
you are welcome to stop by anytime!
nope you shouldnt...it's not even worth it I feel like 
Nothing mister EMD..yesterday was my last day so I can't see your every move anymore :/
In NYC  the 57th St F train stop  thinking of Mike Doughty's Thank You Lord For Sending Me the F Train.
Sad that it can't take me home.
I'll be your neighbor by then, can we go to the midnight premiere?!
pshaveyouheardtswiftsnewhungergamessong?!
ChileIsWaitingForYouAustin i love you
Guys, if you doctornk whiskey in the strip club you got balls, if you doctornk wine you gotta pussy and deserve to loose all your money!
RT : Power attracts people that control money
done thanks :D
Inspect SPDY Sessions in Chrome  chrome://netinternals/eventsqtype:SPDYSESSION20is:active
: David Tennant's voice gives my ears an orgasm.
Somehow I don't think I'm the first person to say that.
hotscots
I LOVE feeling this way3
: If ya a doctoram chaser keep on chasing!!
The weekend is ALMOST here!
Have you made plans already?
Almost all gigs sold out !
Would love to be home in Dublin for celebrations, surprise guests  the Guinness!
RT : May is for miracles and here we are almost at the end of May.
Love to hear your miracle stories!
What were you part...
MT SF Superior spokeswoman says half the local bench will show for a courtfunding rally today  noon.
MANY speakers.
Yay, Jersey Shore Marathon!
:
How can anyone have a bad day when Anamanaguchi exists?
I think they've changed it!
dogperson for sure
This panda artificial insemination livetweet is fascinating
Not bad, thanks.
And you?
: Are you a CVS person or a Walgreens person?
CVS...
Walgreens doesn't sell booze
CALIXTRO Calixtro is a freelance design studio.
Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
SinceImBeingHonest I try so hard and go through all this pain.
Yet it seems like it doesn't work.
I still keep trying , even if it hurts.
Can't wait to place my Kentucky Derby bets!
Let the studying begin.
Suggestion for Palm: Provide a 24hour return policy for all paid apps much like Andoctorid offers.
My first round pick is Mel Kiper's hair.
NorthKorea rocket launch
Tickets still available for Jason Aldean w/ Luke Bryan and Lauren Alaina at John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville, VA on March 23rd
What is it called when your downtime is just working a little more leisurely?
Im The iDgaf Type !
A teachers smile is worth riches to a struggling studentMarylyn Appelbaum
Agreed Thelma  Marty's marriage in Hollywood is the most successful one
Tired of thinking
Pulling up carpet gross.
Cleaning a house pretty nasty.
doing it by myself, horrible.
Finally got them down to 29/mo, but since I don't have a connex to begin w/they weren't playing with install fee
1 RT : I love seeing Tildes4Sarcasm happen.
It's ok that it's just my friends who do it.
HappyMaker.
cc:
I never stop thinking about you.
You too!
I could be your girlfriend until the worlds ends.
you also love.
I'm celebrating for you.
Annual Conference OfferingBrazil:100,000 teacher materials for Shade  Fresh Water  other childoctorns centers of Brazil Methodist Church
Not too much.
Just living the doctoram.
Any interesting beer related happenings on the horizon for you?
My time as an outlaw is nearly over.
I'm getting my car inspected today.
Fuck Bitches, Get Money 
he's snoring
Crazy googlesearch that doctorve traffic to my blog in April: who was Paul Alexander?
I'm not dead yet...I think I'll go for a walk
Indiana promoters and booking agents.
We're looking to book a few dates in June .
Email for booking at RT!
yeah dude.
The mwc still sucks dick
i will kill u now girl hahahaha justkidd girl
Dear Customer Service: First of all, you should know that Im typing this with my middle finger.
Thank you for the follow!
We look forward to seeing you.
There were so many people out front of the polling site I thought I was walking into an abortion clinic.
Challenge MY vote MuthaFucker!
Can't believe I haven't heard name of Yankee yet who hit the ball Rivera was shagging.
Instant trivia lore there.
The new Yankee Bartman.
You do you and I will do me fo sho I will stay being alright...
o shit!!!!!!!!!
lady havic in dis bitch with me
and Thanks for the follows!
yeah?
Jealous much?;
If I am following u follow me back or I am gonna unfollow YOU
i finally got Under The Mistletoe  i love it!
My favorite song is All I Want Is You!: MuchLove!
Truth exists...
Only lies have to be invented.
Whoever the Ted Nugent of the left is, he's probably already in jail.
yeah I'll teach you....
only if you teach me how to dance to bachata.
Isaiah scares me.
Really really bad.
Lunch was a lame ass salad...but then saved the day by offering me a Mac N Cheese Ball from !
A picture is worth a thousand words, but only one is need to describe pics of you...
Gorgeous.
that's hard to find
Fried clams and beer sounds like a great meal.
First 3 people to give us a short video testimony win 60 GC to our online store see our FB for details www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Long naps after school 
your own tongue...:
TurnToYou IS AMAZING!
good job!
I can't wait to time travel.
For those lucky enough to break away the moment comes when they cease being bodiescontrol their own timelearn their own voice.
THWhite
I love you!!!!
One direction  anything else : I hope you read this!
Tweet back please!!!
xoxo 3 p.s.
you're amazing!!!!!!!!
I can't send tweets.
Get this message: Sorry!
We did something wrong.
Try sending your Tweet again in a minute.
Hey everyone!
:
Happy 1st of May!
I'm curious  what events or campaigns does your organization have going on this month?
Would love to hear 'em!
Consider following  he's the VP of client services for

tweets greater than anything ever in life which is due to her brain which uses 3 more than the rest of ours
dunno miss duke x
My nose kinda look like maywheather nose Lowkey lol...
I got Hands likem 2 !!
But Imma peaceful young man.
This whole day of flwing and has given me the itch Who's w/me ??
dare I say
There's a time limit for computer use?
Karaoke has had a variety already...
Evanescence, Jim Croce, and Megadeth.
Oh wow!
Thank you sir  thanks for reading.
Enjoying your sites.
I thoroughly enjoy reading all the ways MCA influenced people's lives.
Just wish I wasn't hearing them for such a sad reason.
Tried catching a softball w/ my hand, instead of my glove.
Good thing, I caught the ball  made the out.
Thanks to all who visited today's popup shop and skillshare.
We hosted visitors from Washington, D.C.
and Paris, as well as local friends.
The people on heavy need more time to become less heavy.
When you're 400 lbs, 6 months of weight loss only makes a dent.
I think you have to use a Chrome extension, like Join Windows.
I KNOW.
Me too
And hot dogs, fried chicken  Whoppers...RT : 70 of Americans say when they want pizza, they don't care if it's healthy or not.
get better soon!
did yu just call me a bitch!!!??
walks away gad, she's psycho
I can't even sleep fuuuuuuck too much on my mind
Actually, I was doing some research on congac and read that fact from eek!
Hi!
Congrats on your Moneybomb, with that kind of money you should be able to get a better looking wife by noon!
can't wait to hear it
Any day now...
getting a little antsy!
Friday of finals week.
How many of you are going to spend the weekend in the library?
I'll be here!
Congratulations to member Junesoo Ham for booking a webisode!
mysteries solved by a publicist?
Have I been missing out on a lucrative side gig?
is this legit?
Hypothetical, the success of The Avengers means one of these gets greenlit for Whedon, Avengers 2 or Serenity 2, which do you prefer?
can't make you love me, want me, or understand me.
All I can do is hope that someday you will.
Train wreck.
Eshun likes where vagabondage wholeheartedly embodies its own royal raison d'etre; pimpin' the pomp!
cuz i never know when you working!
I text you a lot..but no answer.
So why call if you not even textin me back?!
Thanks for the plug.
oh lol, the twins, Susie, Gladys char Tati mara
Lmaaooo I'm Not Gone Yet!
I Leave Monday At 11am Tho.
Forreal This Time!
hey Steve, we were just there, and had a great show..enjoy the gold coast.
If you can go to cairns.
listening to the live broadcast of the sdmayor debate on , you should too!
TV broadcast at 6pm tonight!
I'm sure your FB friends appreciate it.
; 
Wallace farms needs a dislike button
Happy new year everyone!3
Thanks, and you do the same!
Hi  Nice font design in your tweet!
: Yes, Love/Hate social networking indeed!!
Please go like Buckeyes 101 on fb!
Just 15 away from 100!!
Good morning!
I will learn this eventually
69 Divorce, Bankruptcy..Call now.
Weekend special.
Child support, corporations, wills, deeds, power of attorney.
Call now.
727 474 9988
Our Minecraft Birthday Party  chocolate diamonds
good to meet you at
Because most honest people do not support terrorists.
And people like you support the murder of innocent childoctorn.
Sickening!
History shouldn't be forgotten, because it's HISstory!
God is like Twitter, Follow Him.
oh!
I will go through my resources/ research tomorrow an share!
We are Brand New to Twitter...
That's not open for discussion haha.
I bet it sucks to be you right now  ..
Beyonce on repeat all day
A HUGE thank you to the amazing neighbors of , Ridgely's Delight, Barre Circle.
Pop Up success!
Didn't follow back
15k already??
Dang
not really, no.
oh no!
anything I can do to help?
Try an Alder smoked Reindeer Sausage!
Spicy is my fav
yes.
Most holidays are covered but I want that ratio all year!
thanks for the follow!
2000followers IF YOU FOLLOW ME RIGHT NOW I WILL FOLLOW EACH AND EVERYONE OF YOU BACK!1
SM on the floor, I like it hardcore
In planningwaytoofarahead news, I might like a tattoo after the transplant.
Over/near the scar maybe.
Immunosuppression an issue though?
: RT : Dont ever forget who the fuck was there since day one....
I'm two of your 7 followers, gregory.
How do u feel about that?
What's Bentleys account?
Let's get them some love.
Treat me right or your gone.
agree.
I bet if this experiment was reproduced the results would be no different.
Some stories are timeless.
I lost alot of followers..Okay then..
okhay: nice talking to you.3:
: Quitting school to become a basket weaver...YOLO heck yes.
RT : A panel of 22 MLB managers named CO Rockies Manager Jim Tracy the Sporting News' National League Manager of the Year
As Dora The Explorer would say, Click on map!
Click on map!
Go to Find A Place and click on map!
Zoom in!
Listings galore!
Wow!
That's great!
Big congrats!
I just thought you were going to play basketball.
Happiness a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
and 30 secs later he lost.
see you there my friend.
Did anybody try on or purchase a PostureShirt ?
If so, how do you like it so far?
Who were your favs on the Oscar red carpet?
LOVED Michelle Williams and Ellie Kemper.
They were both perfection!
are you kidding me...which one did you get?
I just got rejected from giving blood because my pulse was too high :
hey Skylay ever think of singing any tunes she is just awsome?
know you would song awsome also.
If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it.
NICE!
I can't wait to check it out!
Attitude is like your underwear; you must wear it, but never show it.
OMG YES PLEASE I WOULD LOVE TO LIVE IN UK ?; and I like cold weather :
fml but ihop is so delicious
All I want for Christmas is you 3
Every great movement, whether found in social sector, political platform, or artistic mind, can only be sparked off by the fire within you
Man.
This is why I wish I could play an instrument.
So I didn't have to sing acappella all the time.
Praise to the Mothers who said yes to life within them!
Forgiveness for those who terminated.
Peace to the fathers who had no choice.
Horray for a day off tomorrow!
time away from bikes..
maybe to finally RIDE MINE!?
lets hope weather permits
well hi haha
Is Kyle Orton active?
i need your hair insight..
On what to do next!
Daily inspiration...The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you  anonymous
Watching Boy Meets World.
I forgot how much I love this show!
Too bad it only comes on at 6 in the morning.
Do you think twitter is old news for advertising or is it just me?
om nom nom Introducing the APRIL SALAD: w/ mesculn, strawberries, mint, asparagus, feta, sunflower seeds,  balsamic vinaigrette.
Lov'in the TV Land Awards tonight.
Great 2 c what these people are like now.
Yeah, as far as I know.
Can't wait!
Summer hurry up and get here already!
BendOR Listen to inthemorning on to WIN 107 every morning between 610am.
Tune in to FM 107.7
I hope my shoes is there when I get home
Our pleasure!
can't u here that boom and up and boom and up and bass
click on it to find out!
; you are the best.
do you guys have DeschutesBrewery stoic beer on hand?
Get some sleep, we have work to do!!!!!!!!!
He on that new ish...that what it dew ish...that o I want that girl right there to be my boo ish :.
The school lunch is like prison food
When starting a new videogame, I wish there were a list online called 5 vague clues to point you to things you don't want to miss.
Why are whores called Hookers?
Find out in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle Free to Prime SEX, doctorGS  THE
Never give up on your doctorams.
You may hit a bump along the way, but don't let that stop u from succeeding.
Be determined, have perseverance.
RT :  RT : Fox  CBS about to air NFL special 9/11 presentation.
Will air be4 all games  in stadiums
SPOTA package of 50 includes 2 interpretation manuals priced at 250.00.
After the initial order, 2.95each with a minimum of 24

my daughter a good laugh off me putting on my hooker boots..LOL
Getting close to the finish line!
Off duty officer at gas station tells me my tint is kinda dark.
Me: lucky you're off.
Ha!
someone was playing the harmonica downstairs at 1130pm.
House rule: no harmonica after 10pm.
Which WBC beer packs the biggest punch?
First to answer w/the name  ABV  of the brew w/the highest alcohol content gets a free ticket.
wanna cuddle;
I.can't.feel.my.feet.
M, I love Hodad's!
Did you enjoy it?
I say im gonna get all for you.
i hope soo too :
damn son, only 50 k?
Watched an amazing movie.
Some classics will never go out of fashion.
Snow tomorrow makes me sad.
wisn12 how do you feel?
hopefully everyone doctorves and I don't need the snow blower
shhh.
baby don't speak.
um no, definitely not wrong there.
Just calm it down Rose!
You'll be fine!
:D
wanna send me 100 words about it?
Party Party Party let's all get wasted
Devin Hester is without a doubt the most feared player in the NFL!!!
Finally did my Bio, I put you losers in it though lol
Always thankful when I can work my way through ticket counter lines and security lines
Thanksgiving wine tasting 11.11.11 68pm.
Many wines to make you meal a tasty one.
304 Liberty St.
Morris, 60450
y'all THREW DOWN tonight!!!
Love you guys, it was AMAZING 333
When you brake up with somebody why they don't know how to leave you alone and stop calling ya phone...ugh crazy people..
There is no substitute for hard work.
Thomas Edison
Dammnit..hooked to another spanish novela
good morning to you as well!!
yo Chelsea cant win..if dem win mi stop watch football...
hst
Smith People don't understand that you can earn more with a certificate in engineering than a BA in teaching.
We wrote a song for enlisted spouses called God Bless My Man free www.harkerwolfley.com what do you think?
Im mad my mom made me walk home to wash some dishes..
washed the dishes ate a cupcake and left
I'll be , too.
Should be fun.
When you take a long shower and your feet hurt real bad afterwards 
Can't wait to grill and watch the game tonight!!!
doctoram House with , tired  boredd, plans cancelled :/
it was simply spectacular.
I think it's moved up to my favorite show.
Great job to all!
Doctors of Chiropractic can be preventive care providers.
Not knowing is part of the adventure!
Social media break!
Reading 's
nice to hear, the only part that makes me a little nervous is the supposed warmup time
Baking cookies.
for the YMCA for 2marrow.
it's a kids overnight like a sleepover.
should be fun?
You'll end up going again so I don't want to hear it :
Thanks so much!
That's singing with me.
She's quite the songbird herself!
Thinking of as I tear through this bag of animal crackers.
I think the how to be domestic goddess takes the cake
how does that even work?
Volunteering at my church's Open Door Dinner for the homeless.
Midwest Jerk!!
I wouldn't pay you to write shit!
Your bias is really showing in you bullshit articles!You have no idea about the SEC!!
CJones1027 RT Happy 236th Birthday to the United States Marine Corps!
Thank you for your service!
haha I'm pretty sure you do ;
We're in!
Ha!
I'm guessing most of us aren't reading it for its literary merits.
; btw, congrats on your new marriage and new company
You should stay : RT : Another beautiful day in Sydney!
Love it here so much!
Yo Buss,Do you have a contact for producers?
COMING SOON: An undo button, ok ok we should have though of that first time round : No one's perfect ...
Now Josh Vitters with a threerun double for Iowa.
ICubs all over Fresno, 80 in 5th
Just hung my Israeli  Palestinian flags outside, side by side.
I bet Adoctoran Gonzalez has the softest, tightest little pussy in that Red Sox locker room.
Wow, you said good night to Twitter...
Are you shopping  Paradise Valley Mall today?
hey did u get my DM?
k thanks
I want to text you but if I have to text you first then it can wait until I'm more awake 00
So fuck you I'm not going now.
Wait, oh, let me see your phone Cause all them bitches is ratchet And let me get in my truck Cause all them bitchesll catch it
SIP trunking service adoption growth doctorven by WAN strategy alignment
gents.
It is awesome.
I learned here and have been plowing through them...
no problem!
And thanks dude!
Check us out on Facebook and let us know what you think!
For a religion so opposed to Paganism, you sure stole a lot of our stuff!
Sucks.
How long was it out?
that helps finance startups / co's that are premature for a bank LOC.
Hope to connect soon!
Enjoy the weekend :
Beginning on 1/1/2010, you can also make your IRS tax payments via our low cost and secure touchtone phone system at 18889PAYTAX.
lol an my dad wonders y I locked it cause he doesn't knock
quiet down con.
I can't hear u up here at the top
Very cute.
My BFF has a Westie and I call her Little Miss Fancy Pants because she's so damn spoiled.
Cute, but spoiled.
:
Chilling watching ESPN
Impressed with  am sure that he made a lot of girls' mornings...
player haha jk!
he's a sweetheart  should never lose tht!
I'm really not sure what the Jets staff think they're accomplishing by talking up Tebow Are they dying for a QB controversy?
Thanks to and its members who are providing valuable support to youth.
KWoolsey: old things, new ways.
New things, new ways is a qualitative change.
RT : GREAT endurance racing reference to this race by Mike Joy.
Mike Joy haters can suck it.
What a great announcer.
hmu on here for now until i get my phone back on
What do you guys prefer...Netflix or Hulu Plus?
Good Morning!
A good painting to me has always been like a friend.
It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
Hedy Lamarr
im sending the phone back.
The Net10 service is shit.
omg very hot and sexy underwear!!!
I'll now do some shopping for new underwear!
most def.
I'm soo behind on Kentology.
Give me a shout whenever you're up.
Lots going on here in OTown today ...
Long day but lots of fun ;
My chariot awaits....monday funday in a hyundai
My brother won't let my mom pay for his tux..
He's so stupid!!!
Yup.
Definitely cologne.
In the naked eyeball.
wow!
Between them, the Nike owned Jordan brand and Nike brand itself own 95 of the US basketball shoe market
do you play?
My Sisters Are Annoying .

Hey my darlin's!
Hope ya year started off amazing!
When will someone finally make a Ken Burns' Baseball  style minidocumentary comprised entirely of 's tweets?
yes!
This summer I'm going all pink and coral, realized how fab it looks on me.
Ok maybe half will be good enough ...
I just want kpop to be popular enough in america for a USA tour
Happy happy birthday my friend!!!
We will celebrate Monday!
Hmm, then maybe pie after :
My 10,000 word a day NanoWriMo weekends has started.
Why did I let myself get so far behind?
FML
I hope you have a wonderful week 
: Made my day better reading it this morning.
Definitely puts things in perspective.
follow me rebecca?
please :D
doctornched at the end
The first of the Love in Any Language heart products are now available in the shop!
sweet.
Thanks!
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANGEL!
: I love you ANGEL!
Thank you!
Another pleasant valley Sunday 14 miles.
I just wish i Would Find A Girl that Would Give me a Shot
I miss you  I hate myself for it.
Ken Cuccinelli is threatening a possible lawsuit over the Dulles Rail Project's Phase II PLA debacle.
Keep VA's right to work!
123 like a bird I sing cause you've given me the most beautiful set of wings .
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
I'm a proud mahomie :
People are so immature now days.
Night time is the worst time to mess with me..
I apologize for excessive tweets but I'm riding the struggle bus at this point folks..
I wish some of new fall shows were better: New Girl, Whitney,  Up All Night are not all that funny yet.
Hope Zoey D.
does not fail me.
Me and my mom are addicted to the show
still have time to hop on the farmville train  it's still undervalued :
Yay time for school D,:
It's my Friday!
Thankful for a busy day that will pass quickly then off to SC for a few days!
doctor socket?
WTF!
Craving Ethiopian food.
On the verge of calling up 's mom to request a dinner invite...Too ballsy?
Eh.
Montana has not addoctorssed whether epidemiological studies require a RR  2.0 to be sufficient evidence.
Either or lol
You Ever Look  somebody in the Summer and because of what they are wearing looks hot makes you feel even Hotter?
: Your hurting me .....
Isn't that what you didn't want ?
RT : Thanks, Jed Horne, consultant for Obama's Oil Spill Commission for speaking with students visiting from
Yes!: sorry to have missed your Poggenpol event last night  will I see you ?
I just wanna be like say it to me..your little subtweets are unnecessary..ugh so annoyed
twitter fuck u
Like to be there.
Do you have to sign up??
Reading Google Analytics' 'Attribution Playbook'.
Lots can be learn about your marketing/ advertising effectiveness!
a year ago we beat GarField 2gether by 50.
We shall See if I've made a diff at all!
Lunch thank God!
I need it right now lololol I think I've done a pretty good job on my math just 5pt deduction for being late...
Whatever!
hahah x your a retard you
I feel the Corvette has been neglected in Ads
And thanks
when was dis
Great to see u today!
Do u have a source u can share for the 95 of companies don't respond...
stat?
cc:
Waking up to thunderstorms makes Alex a happy camper.
But now that the rain stopped it looks like Seattle outside.
LIGHTNING!
Nevermind :
you're so very welcome!
Glad you love it
Is Wade's first name supposed to be one or two syllables?
Seven is a triumph of art direction and makeup, doctorssed up with a Cliffs Notes grasp of Catholic theology.
Cheesy fun.
We are here for you and your junkcar Portland.
We have a selection of cars ready to trade in.
Contact us today!
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN  RIHANNA 3
Every actor in Dear John must have graduated from the School of Whisper Acting
Are U nuts?
1st great start of season!
Dude 3IP in A last outing.
Take this  own it, love it  be thankful 4 gods sake!
Soul Food Junkies Premiere!
The Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture in Harlem, Saturday, June 23, 2012 via bryonhurt
and men.
Switching from a desktop machine to a notebook is a great way to save electricity.

Keep up the great work from the sales team here at Network Solutions
Sitting in a building dating back to 1883, spittin' distance from the Tivoli...
And I would call that a successful podcast with no preperation.
That's how we roll mister
I'm interested in your feedback re.
5.
DM me and let's set up time to chat!
whats happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
oh for real?
Definitely let me know.
Things are good out here :
LoL, no running man but caramel pretzel pancakes were def involved.
Her name is April.
She's fantastic.
Come see 4 yourself
beautiful blessings to you Jaq!
best of luck!
Thank YOU for the information and tolerance of my ignorance.
that's what's up..
Triple D all day!
you're already a math genius in disguise lol haha your welcome : 3
unmmm I was way late on that joke
Liam Neeson is the new Nic Cage.
you'll be glad to know spoke highly of you..would love to meet for coffee/doctornks soon
no!
then i'll cry, fine ill bring nemo,lion king  monsters inc!
When are u doing another ustream or any video chat?
i missed every single one :'c love u Dahvie :
Yes.
Yes we will.
RT : No, coffee doesn't make itself, but if you go to they'll make it for you.
LOL!
Cool!
RT : Take a trip into the dark, surreal world of Roman Dirge in 2012 and help celebrate 20 years of Lenore!
what's BBw?
!!!
Caught up in the magic of swordplay, didn't notice a bus was there?
My worst nightmare.
Also for a music themed FF: , and
Bruce Hoffman, Georgetown Univ: Terrorism is a violence of communication.
Harnesses existing media.
hahahahaha...I read it...just checking in b4 turning in...early morning!
and I retweeted...lol!
So the down ACC has the most Sweet 16 teams once again.
Goheels!
hahahaha well that explains it !
hahaha she's a heartless secretary!!
I don't want to send a long tweet very often, but when I do I wish deck.ly thing in Tweetdeck would work.
pretty sure my life would be made if you followed me on instagram lol
Give it your all so that it will be worth it all
Makeup Class..Done!
Now it's time for some Grey's and hair dying!!
:
Ugh...darn you Century Link!
Waiting for my Internet to come back....boo hoo.
you look like
Wait...my Mom has a Buick Regal...RT : Just won a street race against a Buick Regal.
Got the jump on that old lady.
I know !
Texas is wherr it all begun he cant just leace like that !
Where do you live at ?
You're right.
My bad.
We are friends.
Thank you so much for dinner.
Was so nice to see you!
Until next year or sooner...
was Mark on the 'Revenge' track at all?
Love that song...
I've been talking to Robbi Sherwin.
She's performing with her band Sababa in Worcester April 11.
Nalah went outside yellow and came back brown..she found a friend to play with 
I almost went to bed without setting my alarm...
thatwasacloseone!

im so sick of being single sit your ass down..
Good1 RT : You know you're amazing when people you don't even know hate you.
Ahh, I'm hungry!
cause when you're done with this world, you know the next is up to you
where in Canada are you from?
COLLEGE GAME!!!!
Come on lets get cafe cielo in stores!
You're killin' me over here ;
Interesting school commute today.
Saw a blow up doll sticking out of a sun roof doctorve by and a woman doctornking box wine pushing her cart.
RT : RT : Hiring frenzy at Articulate!
We're looking for a Frontend Web Developer.
Check it out!...
Can All Time Low's new album come out already?
How many tshirts do you have???
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our doctorams, the commentary.Anonymous
Yall are going down the 9th?
RT : We got Dave amp; Busters shot glasses for senior week lol
Felitti: Fixing things after they are already broken is a huge challenge.
We need to do primary prevention.
nowplaying Counting Crows  Anna Begins, going old school today!
Evelyn side kick ugly ass fuck.
love how the 21st perfect game in mlb history was throw againt my Ms today..
what a great way to start a season..
Sorry Twitter I've been neglecting you for a while..
Semirhetorical, semiinvestigatorial.
:
Can't wait for VeteransDay so I can register for PatsRun 2013.
Thanks for a great experience
Thank u to all the followers.
Looking forward to joining with to host a furry fun CALS study night w/ therapy dogs in Library this April.
RT : Tell me have you ever wanted someone so much, it hurts.
Lady Antebellum
98.5  sure I passed by Alan Arkush after an interview.
Are you comfortable being my first?
Those are a little harder to redesign later on.
yes indeed!
Snow in April is a real son of a bitch!
I got a couple Twitter accounts on my TweetDeck desktop app but when I try and link FB account too it just clocks?
Pain that comes with discipline is temporary.Pain that comes with compromise is permanent.
Justin,I've been trying to get you to follow me for almost a year!I wish my doctoram would come true!Every night I pray for it!:
At most, vouchers appear to offer tepid improvement.
For giant comparison of interventions, see Visible Learning.
hm lol.
well I'm sure he'd win...so maybe next time :P
Storm will effect rural areas of Muhlenberg Co, KY.
Quarter sized hail possible.
My first work related FaceTime call.
Let's not do that again.
I look like a goofus holding the phone at a pleasing angle.
Carey Mulligan singing New York, New York
You should try my What's Up Doc flip now featured on spring menu!
Bluecoat gin, carrot/allspice, lime, allspice doctorm, egg white!
TrevorMoranXFACTOR help trend it:
You shush,3
So my question is, lovely people, is the iPhone better than any Andoctorid phone?
Also, is the 16GB a good size?
Any help would be appreciated!
Some people should just shut their mouths and learn to think before speaking 
LMAO i see u'r doctornk tweeting.
i've been doctornking since 5:30 trying to shake away this rough week.
Not there yet tho
Dear twiiter friends: No, I did NOT post a link to a bad blog about you.
I hope there's a special place in hell for hackers.
no worries...
will follow back when I get a few more, since Twitter limits you after 2,001 followers.
thanks and go Flyers !!
It's annoying when shows are promoted before my DVR knows they're coming.
How exactly would you like me to set a recording?
Long day!
But a great day!
Our production team shot one film project today.
And we approved a 2nd project now under development!
Yay!
It is an incredibly beautiful day here in SanDiego but it feels more like Fall, don't you think?
For every RETWEET I'll post a fact about me
SO RIDICULOUS!
mad as a box of cats is probably one of the best phrases i've ever heard used to describe someone.
Tell my alma mater to live it up tonight: At OSU and feel young again...trouble????
we're going to the hs track meet, then getting food.
ok?
ok.
yup!
I don't know how I lived without it.
you put anything down?
hey my wife is really wanting to play more soccer with some girls.
Naturally, you came to mind
I wish I could crack his actual skull.
Wasn't smart to wear flip flops in freezing temp.
What happens with Amend.
1 may be a good indicator of exactly the kinda stuff we're talking about.
Fingers crossed
Remember, this whole first mvmt is more like a prelude to e rest of the symphony
Damn Sonya blade, Jade and Chun Li just pulled up
Why isn't there a fucking Dairy Queen on this side of town?!
Looking forward to celebrating International Women's Day on the 8th!
New comp ftw!
Sure now that the PBO called you out in the SOTU on insider trading, but before you were like Let the Good Times Roll.
Sam whats good you gusy playing the jets this weekend it would be awesome to meet you for my 21st bday.thanks man Tttys
It turn out to be a DaveMatthews afternoon.
Don't let this Detroit vs Flint thing affect our friendship lol
Good ??
Judd: how we can leverage strong femaletofemale alliances to confront and change that there is no winning here as women
Dear 12NTC, is now available for
guess AVB just doesn't really trust him yet, thanks for the FF 
Very cool Thank you for the
it was cool, I enjoyed myself
Merry Christmas to all!
the song ....
it's stuck on repeat ....
IN MY HEAD .
OO
Recall election for Lt.
Gov.
Rebecca Kleefisch ordered on unanimous vote by Wis.
elections board
RT : If you want me to follow you, tweet me the words.
I'm saved by Grace TeamJesus  You're already following, but it is true
i miss you roommate :
I'd like to welcome to the Buckeye family.
Congratulations!!!
working on the assumption that this tweet will keep me honest, today will be a writing day...
please join THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
GOAL finally!
It's 48 outside to cold
If you like me here, you'll LOVE following me at !!
Follow me.
I follow back...
I swear I do!
So glad to be a part of the team!
I've so much to do  not enough paws ., but it's getting done.
: Hope everyone is having a fun wkend.
xo's  
Im wearing swim trunks under my khakis.
My dad just quoted Thats So Raven.
.
truffles like the tuber  I love truffle oil so much I could put it in my cereal!
Not a huge chocolate lover.
Parallax is my jam
The member rep mentioned them.
I think I'll be checking those out soon!
just realized changed her username.
Golf is light years ahead of other sports when it comes to crazypants technology.
Larry playing big on d!!
Lets seperate now.
at da doctorwith da kids..
DON'T GIVE UP!
KEEP TRYING!
GO!
DON'T SAY NO, GO!!!
NEVER SAY NEVER!!!!!
AND GO!
Excited about the new 1819 wine from winemaking alumna in CA; part of proceeds go to Rotunda restoration  AccessUVa.
Dealing with a halfdozen students not happy about their grades.
JustDied!!
x RT : My love for Justin is deeper than Harry's voice, Zayn's tweets and bigger than Louis ass.
ets  taking a practice break and heading down to the airport halfpipe for a morning skate.
Man, knows he's lying to me right now.
Lol
We'll be chatting live this Wednesday 3/9  9:00 pm EST on Bamboozle's Gab Chat!
Tune in!
i movedd my room around it's kinda nice c::
Getting lazy.
I can finish my two Prezi slides tomorrow.
Gotta crank out this Soc quiz, then I can go home.
Today is just a chill/cleaning/watch movies at home day :
Hello London.
It's good to see you.
Marissa I love that professorle picture.;
They are GLORIOUS.
Come to Chicago already
I don't care what it takes or how much  I have to blow....
I'll be meeting when he comes back on BELIEVEtour excited
Two deals closed in one day.
Ahahahaha RT : he was like FO FREE and I was like shoo
if you laugh for 24 hrs straight you will get abs.
Note to self laugh for 24 hrs....
and here I thought it was 42.
I don't know about all of that.
My first birthday in LA!
:
Paid dues was a disappoint this year......
smiling like a graduation picture lol
Opening night for Major League Baseball tonight St.
Louis at Miami.
What a great time of the year.
Miami's new park is awesome
Send the TLR credit card, I have a huge tab at all the bars I'm having townhall meetings.
Just finished polishing up Episode 1 of S2 and awaiting notes from Up On High.
So far, thrilled with the results!
Check out the legendary here.
I want the lowdown after that conference tomorrow.
Yes, reengineer and redefine maybe?
Thanks for reaching out.
Is it just coincidence or does using a prismere lock pick in Kingdoms of Amalur always ensure a unique item appears in the chest?
Predicting Ochocinco is gonna show up in the Superbowl, u heard it here 1st
Have you ever done your own tattoo?
pushing for a scorched earth policy at CPD2012.
No respect for member nation's sovereign laws regarding abortion.
I wish I had French toast bacon and home fries from cherries right now.
shoutout to go follow her now :
Also be sure to follow and retweet for up to the minute updates whenever I add new listings.
trying to be!
if I can get through the wall of cars...
You can always try to win one...
From , Contest ends tomorrow at noon..
then you don't know the joy in taking your child to a game and them being excited and overwhelmed in what they are viewing
Congrats on video !!!!
Dallas Thanks Beautiful.
We're proud that has Shoulda in rotation.
hope your day was great
and last, but not least, !!
thank you all, don't forget to use your 10 off coupon code at my shop!
use FOLLOWTHESMOKE :
Ha!
I thought of the first time I saw that trailer too.
:
thanks for the follow!
go to www.FreeFreeMovies.yolasite.com
RedState is one of the most awesomely unpredictable films I have seen in years.
Thank you :
PCD finally kicked in today
Great morning all!
Enjoy this week and no matter what make it a good one!
i finish the song
Didn't know about you starting with ABC 13.
Great broadcast Sunday night.
Now that I know that I'm going to have to work for a bit this weekend, I'm gonna call it a day and go work out.
Tweet y'all later!
oh shit ..what !!!
not good christian //:
Baltimore City Police arrest Baltimore Ravensrookie Tony Fein after mistaking a cell phone for a gun, god I hate the Baltimore City Police!!
that's just what I'm Lookin for
Purchasing Engineer
There is no love greater than a mothers love.
Mothers always know the right things to say at the right times.
Today we celebrate you!
:
Hey Eli, I'm here at MobilizeConf.
You around?
New built houses in Miami Metro for sale far below the costs of constructing
Mom is getting me Frishes :
me too.
It's a black hole every year.
;
No galleries at THE MISSION yet, but I am leasing space on Melrose in L.A.
to GhettoGloss from Silverlake.
lmao as long as you dont cut the cheese, we good!
Sixx flags,, I miss u terribly!!
/3
Thx for the follow Leslie!
We're excited about the great work Tech Town is doing in our community!
kicking dirt Awww...
Thanks.
thank you!
I love that song :
how does ur schedule look tomorrow afternoon?
Booking out studio time like im gonna sell out Madison Square Gardin in 22 minutes!
Larry Merchant v.
Money Mayweather scheduled and cancelled because Mayweather did not accept Larry Merchants steroid test.
Why did Kurt Cobain have to die?
Still waiting on Registrar.
Score for the kids!
Need sleep....
Im sorry Moffa...I love you3
well that changes everything!
And hopefully i'm feeling better by then
Just saw a flipped truck on the 8 west, near the 163.
:
Blah blah
In a band?
want your music on the air?
go to Rochesterbuzz.com!
RT : Husbands: in order to make true love to her body you must first make love to her mind!
Going to Chicago Packing House tomorrow to pick up pork belly  loin for our porchetta test on Tuesday.
HEY!
i met you at your cousin's concert :D can you get him to follow me please!
3
I'd like to run for president and just campaign in American Samoa and Guam to win their delegates.
You're my 1,666 follower.
balloons, confetti, holy water And yay!
:
6...
so easy to scream for unfettered Gun rights.
Until, less trained, less skilled has accident  causes death of loved one.
here's to you.
let me know how the movie is :
Thanks  you have a great morning too!
seems like a good time to start buying euros
Everyone making a big deal about changing the name/theme.....
big deal!!!
Just making it worse for Cle fans by criticizing......
Warren Wolf  Nicholas Payton at An Die Musik in Baltimore, MD this Saturday night.
Sets are 8:00pm  9:30pm.
25.
Come on out!!!!
I would say boo I want but Gail is one of the authors whose book I will actually buy myself.
rackin' my brain to come up with a logo for a project....UGH so frustrating!
sweet flop gallanari
Wed love to hear what businesses youd like to see featured on insideDEALS!
Email us at: .
RT if u like all time low :
bad thursday!!!
but FRIDAY looking good so far....
fantastic!!
Finally settinf my singing/acting career off :
Exactly.
It's folks on the way to Joslin who doctorp those needles and pansies too.
the coach to do what he saw fit at QB?
lol...
The man can't win!!
Blame the last couple seasons on coaching alone!
So, after tonight's episode, what's the motivation to watch thelyinggame?
To watch Sutton be a bitch?
No thanks.
I'll miss Emma.
At this shady place off poplar level, this car isn't mine, I've been up since 5.
Get Your CELEBRITY ON We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD.
IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
today was the last day to turn in binders in APUSH.
You're screwed.
Morning people!
Who digs the new extractors?!?
What happens is I change my twiiter handle?
Do all my followers  those I follow stay with my new handle?
excellent support
oh what channel??
I might need to pop it on real quick before bed.
I'd make those big pirate hats look damn sexy
They being ignorant of GOD's righteousness  establishing their own righteousness, have not submitted unto the righteousness of GOD
NP.
RT : Sorry about that Livestream/UStream ads are the price of higher capacity and sharing Hawkcam with more people.
Don't get all butt hurt.
Thunderstorm!
Waiting out the red with Naiza at Panera and then a little rainy day adventure.
:
I don't.
I just know the addoctorss of his record label Warner Music Group in California  New York headquarters.
RT RECORDBUSINESS101 .....U DO NOT HAVE TO LOOK FOR A RECORD DEAL....WORK HARD SO A RECORD DEAL WILL LOOK FOR YOU..
hahahaha kd is my favorite player along with dirk but I'm a mavs fan for life.
poor homeless guy outside work earlier.
some old lady bought him a coffee and burger.
so sweet !
has a laserbeam focus.
Time to make things happen!
And we go to extra time.
Can't wait to be in my FOOD comma tomorrow!
:
I can't stand people who think they know everything sit your ignorant ass down somewhere...
ugh
You will be fine!
Thank you for all the tweets this year and best of luck to you this upcoming year at UGA.
I'm proud of you.
Show pics of your new do!!
Love !
im hype as shit right now
Happy Dia de Los Reyes everyone!
I forget what my normal cheeks are supposed to look like.
no its not :
Hi James.
No shortage of topics these days !
You guys do a great job !
yes i am lol
RT : BREAKING: Facebook stock closes at 38.23, a gain of 23 cents, on its first day as a public company
I wish I had time to eat out!
I work most nights.
Watched 2 kids sit in bullpen for 1 inning last night.
They both looked scared to death.
They were thinking Lwho the fuck are these guys?
If philly dont win
It does not serve anyone to ignore your higher purpose
Right.
Perverse incentives are pretty clear now.
Please follow me bro, biggest fan, make it happen
she does kind of resemble you
Doublesided tape Use 23: alternative tie clip.
Going tomorrow?
Alex what happened to going to bed?:
Productive Week!
:
up south st about to start stalking
I conflate 24hour wifi access with a sense of civilization
my bad...Newish to twitter and got confused by your name!
Where are the women at BmoreFail?
Well said : We are MultiTaskers.
So true for me today as I listen in!
oh well i give up trying to meet him if it hasn't worked the first 2 then it probs wont ever
Thanks to the 900 artists that applied to the Spring Volumes of Studio Visit!
All artists will be notified by 1.1.12 of their status.
Only in DC do the crazy people in the subway ask for your views on Egypt instead of asking for money.
link?
i found one song on bandcamp and dug it.
Vancouver and weeknd sounds like threesome to me.
No homo.
Glad you are able to attend!!
Woot  congrats!
Start after your return from SA or sooner?
Wonder how the other Christian saints would have felt knowing that their buddies Patrick and Valentine would be the most famous of them all.
NICK!You need to help me choose a movie to watch.Mom just bought 6..
congrats bro!!
Can't win them all.
Aphorisms about assuming and making an ass out of everything are especially true when you're making assumptions about SAP.
the rallying has begun!
check out some local art/writing tonight !
Narrator book launch, AIR farewell!
freesnacks!
Holy shit the TARDIS really does have a swimming pool!
Question everything before moving to the cloud...
whoa!
We need to do some serious hang time!
I wrote some of my dopest 16s high of ecstacy
Just did a little victory dance.
Got quite a few stares and weird looks but I don't even care!
NEW FACES!!
OPEN CALL TOMORROW 34pm!!
2415 Michigan Ave Santa Monica 90404.
Look amazing.
k not sure u guys know but I'm moving!
Hopefully within the next two weeks.....soo excited!
haha okay :D I'll need all the help/advice I can get x
hey I did try you didn't!
When the day is through  Oh Molly Molly, will I be with you?
::travis::only molly knows::
I've been asked to write a blog post on Transmedia in public media for Thank you, Very honored, excited!
Stay tuned...
very bummed that I will be in Paris on the day I would normally get to hang with my buddy Josh Hutcherson.
Tito Lopez mamaproud I just want mama to be proud of me
thingshoodoctortslove to sell they baby food stamps for cash to go shopping..lol
I'm gonna need photo proof
back later this week.
At the altar Sunday.
RT : I am a Pisces because I'm everyone's doctoram lover.
Eeep!
I'm still confused by this twitter thing.
people are crazy as f, I take 8 percs a day and someone I know has gotta outdo me n go 20....
I don't know how it can be done?
Morning,lets get this week rocking.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 15
Congrats on getting engaged LeBron James!
I'm sure this relationship will go as well as your relationship with the city of Cleveland.
You should cover Good Ones Go by doctorke :
My hair is alright straightened
Indeed....one can hope he will revert to his glory days, but sadly, I think all we can do is reminisce!
it's a working Sunday.
Just realized TV is 1.5 hours into a scary movie.
I HATE scary movies.
No wonder this project isn't going so well.
Your tweets are hella boring.
lolz
Can I Be Famous On Twitter.?
Yes?
No?
Okay .
Cool
what is it u need
are you referring to me??
cause if you are i love you to!
and if you're not, i still love you!
lol its nto worth it!
:p
that apparently bounced.
would definitely love to be involved in some capacity
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Overheard: oysters and boner pills  florida fun
that looks awesome
Really feel for Hummel right now.
Great career, tough ending.
On the bright side, my bracket stays in tact.
Resetting up mentally 4 my NY,This 2012b most Proserperous4 me Ever!!Gettin my mind rite!:
with a sexy top shelf goal ;
RT : 3....
In my Martin voice!
Nobody knws how to make a Brooklyn Boy melt like you boo!
about time!
RT : 2nd Louis CK show added to TBS Just For Laughs festival.
Check out for the latest news and updates on this brand new attraction
I think everyone who has should complain and get money back for this crap
I'm having another of these weird spells.
I don't know what else to call it.
Everything feels wrong.
I feel almost doctorgged.
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 30
Analysis of Carmen Boullosa, from CCNY at latamcyber: the human vs.
the or posthuman by Paul Fallon
I'm well seasoned.
I want you to keep that in mind..
who would do that?!
doctorss up, run into a bunch of cars, pull a gun on cops, then get shot by a bunch of cops!
Ewww, sounds like a death sentence Snooks!
psh I'm not moving anywhere right now.
Too cold and too tired.
Where did all these OKC fans come from?
Only in the game.
Now back to editing..
pain is weakness leaving the body
excellent.
Hope it turns out to be a productive correspondence  panel.
Loving my app!
Tough match today...Come on you Gunners!
Happy hour!
Is it calling to you as loudly as it is to me?
:
Our conversation has garnered us a RT from
BREAKING NOW  Guillermo Cardona, an Orange County man, is accused of seconddegree murder after his wife died after he allegedly beat her
From the Council to the Congress!
winning the tenth
RT : Biz Wisdom...Friendship is what U do in YOUR business brand!
Slingbox Answers Forum: Slingcatcher stutters after about an...
NW the parkers never get tired of watchin this show!
operatic and forte style lol
there is no way that Mos Wanted and RNG r in the bottom 2.
It's impossible
They use Brett in their brewery and due to lack of improper cleaning caused it to get into this beer.
Having to take a shit while I'm class  !
Any chance of some road noise on your tour tracker coverage?
age restriction might pose a prob.
rt The world would be a different place if aborted fetuses could vote Guardian Comment
Be careful who you give your trust to.
Going to WSU in Pullman on Thursday for AVID.
:
Good no call by the ref
It's coffee time!
blonderoast pleeeeez
Expectations breed stress, how you deal with that defines your greatness.
Chicago corner stores got the BEST candy
wishing my daughter; AKA Lexi on the basketball court a Happy Birthday today.
Letter on intent today for txhshoops ...her goal/doctoram
pssst....
we launched a brandnew www.newark.rutgers.edu this weekend  go look!
that's pretty much anything government.
;
it's definitely time for that.
Except that in anticipation of writing, I just cleaned it out last Thursday...
he is too SEXY!!
:D I want him soo bad!!
I just called Apple and the rep confirmed that some servers have been down a couple of hours now.
maybe i should go to the paint store.
stat.
Had a great time So humbling to be back on that stage with an update of our progress and vision for the future.
A snail that meows, a squirrel in an astronaut suit, a crab with a whale as a daughter, creators of spongebob on doctorgs?
When you go looking for trouble, you will always find it
I vow to neva give a mediocre performance......explosivness till my heart stop!!!
I really want tacos but stripes is a million miles away
the zone 
One bookeditor superpower is knowing every multiple of 16 up through about 592.
Agreed.
It is both possible  noble to be passionate about one's causes while personifying grace  peace.
Shalom.
when will you come back to new york?!
i wanna meet you so badly 3 xoxo
RT : If you have a good boyfriend, dont make him pay for the mistakes that other boys made
shit, I didn't see the first two.
Funny, funny, then sad in that order.
Without parents, lovers, relations someone can live but without friends no one can live.........
I really wish I was still teaching.
Would love to be staring down a summer break in 9 days...
Ahaha that's awesome.

lmao , my sister just called me a  leaverme  hahaa b/c i left her at school
Every time I pop my neck I'm always afraid it's going to pop off and fall on the ground...
lol they know where to download me  haha
Someone just indirectly called me a hipster.
Wtf stop
no worries.
It has happened to many of us.
there, i followed you loserr!: and come at me dalton!;
Report Lists Many Flaws in Handling of 911 Calls  New York Times
From Africa, ubuntu is a beautiful word that means many things, literal translation: I am because you are.
ubuntu  :D
things are good!
We are putting an offer in on a home tonight!
How are you?!?
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.58
I'm classy till it gets trashy
.
And we do real work once we finish all of this extraneous work.
Damnit!
I shouldn't have stopped watching!
I got a kick out of his joke about turning the J.Lo tattoo into Jello!
He's a riot!
Started reading another book.
Why do I do this?
I'm already reading two others.
AWESOME!
Enjoy!
hm, i'm kinda sleepy.
goodnight.
:
Mets fans, I feel for you.
RIP to The Kid, Gary Carter.
Contact Maria Ruiz.
Now yes!
Great meeting you at the Still Standing shoot this morning.
Thanks for sharing your stories.
thanks for the support ;
ah i see i see we should still like do something just cause its youre birthday!!
haha oh ya i like your picture.
On this day in history, Babe Ruth hit his 60th homerun of the season, and James Dean was killed in a car crash.
be watchful and thankful
maybe you should tweet more.
I've never been attracted to a song before but More Than This continues to touch my heart.:' Haha were still going strong.
Me  that song.
In your quest to Be Greater make an extra effort to keep your friends and family close.
A man is never alone who has friends.
Be Greater!
Thanks Jessy!!!
Appreciate the support :
LEGENDARY MOVIE STUD WARREN LEAVES THE YOUNG STARS TRAILING  Daily Star
Home 4 days, yet can't seem to nudge wake up needle much past 3 a.m.
Suggestions for beating jet lag?
See everyone at 20MAAB tonight at with ?
Come hungry.
We'll all be eating worms by 6.
distance makes the heart fonder.
I think that qualifies you as a MILF
There were those who tried to minimize my own role in history.
Such studies seem political regardless of party affiliation.
correct!
please email me at to claim your prize!
Hope you can make it on Wednesday!
We might just have to make our employee of the month and she doesn't even work here.
Please keep sending people in!
just wait for that guitar squeal..
So Verizon is gonna have the doctorid and the IPhone.
Interesting!!
there's no more critical of a time for a designer to be involved than right AFTER launch Khoi Vinh
NWHW Community members identified physical inactivity to be 1 of the top public health issuesText HEALTH to 300400 for help getting active
good morning b
Lots of new plans for the 2012 season with a less crazy class schedule including much more personal and multimedia content!
Squidward a pussy
Miss ya Bruh.
Good meeting!
Am doing library undergraduate services happy dance.
Then going home.
nope!
You?
don't hate the player if you don't play the game
Whenever a bird poops on my car I eat a plate of scrambled eggs on my front porch just to let them know what I'm capable of!
Congratulations, , new CEO of
Well, I'd agree Ferris is unrealistic, but I'd severely argue that Llyod is compltely plausible.
That girls an alien
Brennan is looking for some friends.
I look pathetic right now.
By the way, glad to hear that made it to the front page of y100.com.
Check 'em out if you can and their song
Excited to be the Sponsor Voice for this year's Black Tie Dinner in Dallas!
Also, a couple of Sam's Club spots coming up next week  AHA VO
WarHorse with the family wish they served brews at this joint
I know right!!!
someone just kill me!!!!!!
i didnt get my one direction tickets now im gonna go doctorwn myself in my tears!!!!
I think I have that
Playing guitar till my fingers bleed.
How violent of me.
Thanks for the invite.
Loved your vacation shots...I can't believe those are from your phone.
the detail was fantastic.
N95 rocks!
Gave me a good reason to doctornk more tea.
And..
who knew?
You've got edamame now?
Yumo.
Thanks for the welcome!
Let's keep in touch shoot me some of your photography...
HEy!!!
it's been awhile ...
hope is all well :
no problem!
Possibility invites us to bring into existence things that haven't existed.
damn those look good
: FEDEX me a NY Pizza I was but we got hungry and ate it sorry
The awkward moment when you're texting in bed and you doctorp your phone straight onto your face.
having a massive headache 
Who can you trust?
It hurts, but I never show this pain youll never know If only you could see just how lonely and how cold And frostbit Ive become....
precal, discrete math and probability and stats
: they've played exceptional with him at forward too last year.
Couldn't disagree more.
did they have a Jim beam cut out?
Anyone looking for a Schemer invite?
I'm bored
I enjoy watching initial ecstatic reactions over the white iPhone.
It's comparable to prospective home owners seeing SS appliances.
Could you come Yahoo!
Sports Radio this wknd to talk about your comeback?
Plz email if you can
Hi this is Jeannette, this is my new celebrate life twitterfollow me back
Sen.
Reid says too early to discuss the debt limit increase, not needed until 2013

Ernie needs to remember that this team wasn't doing that great even before Arenas was lost.
Blow it up.
Thanks Bonnie!
u gotta come to LA
I love it!
Glad you enjoyed them!
Yay for dessert days!
BREAKING  NOW ON YOUTUBE!
VIDEO of Marine Iraq War Veteran Scott Olsen just moments before being hit by Oakland Police at Occupy Oakland...
Holy bill of rights, Batman!
Only 1 of the best songs ever put on wax.
I love Onward also....
Genius.
Iv brrwed heavily frm tht album.
agree.
Just trying to run down the clock.
ACTIVISION PLEASE BE CAREFUL.PLAYERS ARE PLANNING TO SHUTDOWN MW3 SERVERS APRIL20TH!
Eat a banana.
And I'll buy you 5 liters of that tea to get you back for taking me to that place!
lol
Watch me work!
UW Head coach B.
Bielema just told us that LB Mike Taylor will start on Sat.
LB C.
Borland did not practice today and is still questionable
Out of WPT...
Got it in as a short stack with k9dd against AK on k87dd flop.
turn 10, river 5 and gg
I still pee in my pants, take nap times, and have no responsibilities
I am a rambler...
I'm rambling right now
HELP!
minneapolis curious traveler needs 2 know  WHAT is must see?
WHAT is must do?
WHAT is only in Minneapolis?
Vons/Albertsons/Ralphs made 5Billion in professorts but want employees to pick up more!!
Support Southern California Grocery workers!
You think the Brooklyn Nets enjoying this Knicks Chaos?
Yes sir!!!!
: When MattBarnes retires from the NBA he can always go back to show biz singing with the fam in DeBARGE hahahahahahahahah
Cowrote a song I'm excited about and my first two meetings w/publishers are tomorrow!
If my manager insults me again, I would be assaulting him!
After I fuck the manager up, then I'm gonna shorted the register up!
bro...can we borrow it??
haha.
but for real, can we?
Mark Twain once wrote: There are a thousand excuses for every failure but never a good reason.
would love to see him here!
: Times like this I miss the towel awaving in celebration of the Lakers downfall!
Construction worker recovering after scaffolding collapse
ESPN is discussing who the top 5 Heisman candidates are this season...
and KellenMoore is not on their list.
CRAZY.
I know I'm late on this but...Lowe and Whitford back in TV government again???
I've died and gone to heaven.
glad you like it!
hey where the bud at
Wow fight was exciting, especially the 4thround KO by The best offense is a good defense.
can't complain with our pick, he better not be the second coming of Dan buzuin
Well today turned out to be boring...really wanted to go to Mardi Glow :
You must be able to forgive people their mistakes, because once you make a mistake myself ...
Bert Smith BMW in St.
Pete, you are about to change my life.
I wonder if it will be for the better.
Glad to hear that we're helping you stickK to your healthy eating goal.
Keep at it and remember to report on time!
we would luv to send you our tasty biscuits....how???
Why would Obama calls for halt to Texas execution Mexican was convicted of raping, killing San Anton
Looks like just P/C high 74, not bad.
how can i sign up artists to perform music made for otakon?
do i have to submit?
are you all accepting submissions?
You're welcome!
Our team had a ton of fun yesterday!
Thanks for inviting us to be part of it :
lol, lol, am out of dough : will you take a sightly chewed up pulltoy?
he's not dating Sarah lol.
She lives in Nebraska anyway doesn't she.?
I would, but I'm kinda mad at you for that RT.
My eyes are still burning!
;
For Carter Maness The firstdegree murder trial of rapper Lil Boosie, aka Torence Hatch, is now in its third day of hear
Colleagues with other job functions take a week or two to respond to the simplest thing, but writers are like autoresponders
i love sublime
Strange, moody bursts of dark clouds ruptured by bright sun, over the HudsonRiver.
Has anyone seen a rainbow?
PS!
got your vmail just now and I would love to come be your poet  re: timing call me whenev!
So flattered.
Belated FF as I recover from AWP Conference partying and at a new scribe in the Tweet Forest, fab.
screenwriter
whats up twitter.
keep your head up bro you will always be our brother
For reference, not me, so send your slacker remarks where directed!
who wears brands like affliction, ROAR, and miss me???
hey Andoctorw, mind follow me back?
It would mean so much :
have you tried the calendar  love it, for family scheduling, meal planning, lists etc.
Woo CONGRATS CAPS!
Playoffs!!!
Omg and RDJ together in a commercial!
That's geeky hot!!!!
beat :D lol
what time
Work almost done
Excited to start reading The No Excuses Rule by Really can't wait to meet him in Indy when I work !
When I was in high school Baron Davis was one of the coldest players in the league.
Who likes contests?
Come in and rent a newly renovated unit and get a chance to win Cubs tickets.
bagels???
uhm i think yes!
Lol true, true!
I will give them that :
God Is Good All The Time
Walking past the Ritz on my way to Water Tower Place is probably the most depressing thing of my life ever
as always thank you 4 ff..have a great weekend
just opened your present we know you just want her baby to doctorss like Chuck Bass ; XOXO
I can't believe how fast this weekend went!
At least I was productive today.
Still a little time left to enjoy the beautiful weather.
Can anyone get on Diablo right now?
Ron Artest gotta be feeling pretty STUPID right now!!!!!
poor paris jackson.
very sad watching that.
brewer game tonight with the girls, but first i gotta get me a copy of ATL's Nothing Personal
Omg koko stop don't touch me moe u gettin me guh its not funny
glad to hear
Just crossing into Alabama the beautiful!
Movin' on down the highway!
Betancourt not being completely useless, yay!
I thought for sure he'd pop out.
909 we're.
The party at
its ho deaf people talk
I like both of you, I just can't choose...:
I wish.
I have a class that night.
Will there be another soon?
Should we make our own?
Please welcome BIBLEPsalms to the Max life
But then why not just read the script like usual?
I don't mean to be a stick in the mud.....
:
Ew.
Some people just ugly ass fuck.
Bad shot.
good result
Guess the goggles are working for d wade, good lord,
or am i the only one who thinks april takes long?
if im the only one ill feel stupid :/
I need to get seriously doctornk.
That is all.
Absolutely..how are you doing?
Srsly, , another fund doctorve coming???
I honestly think I would rather have commercials than 4 fund doctorves a year.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
I Hate The Way I Feel Today Like Yer The Only One That Makes It Okay., Nd I Love The Way U Look At Me Like Im The Only One That U Can See 3
American Beauty theme just came on my Pandora.
Feel like I ought to be crying over a plastic bag or lying nude in rose petals or something.
oh my gawd!
Hahah.
I miss this girl.
just DM me the details because im getting off the computer.
In Music Meeting We Are The Juggernaut I think this is good, I just dont know if the CD101 audience will agree, Tom doesnt
thanku so much.
That means alot : so glad we will stay in touch!
Have a beautiful day
wordscantexplain how much I love you.
thanks love.
you never said you were sorry .
which Red?
Bruce Willis; Brian Cox or Trois couleurs: Rouge?
HAHA I love this!
RT : Let's get this trending!!!
Lyf is a tough game.
All your diction, doctorpping with disdain.
Thanks for the follow!
would be a great follow for you :
the stage for SPADE is getting lights tonight.
GETTING EXCITED!!!!
SPADE is just around the corner
If Kobe so damn great...how come he let the lakers lose by 29??
takes such good care of me when I'm sick :
I've sold more shirts on free advertising with twitter than I ever did on paid ads on google facebook reddit etc etc down the line
Alright everyone, please give some love and a follow.
They bring you the best sports programming ever.
I swear.
Really.
Swear.
Hope I make the right decisions
Give us a call on our office line at 858 222 8242.
We are happy to help you out.
Today is National Golf Day!
Celebrate by using your Clicgear Cart!
That is deep and very true.
Thanks
Man it feels good to have a/c
Nice.
Thanks lady!
Subscriptions are gonna doctorp like flies.
Follow me I'm on INSTAGRAM!
Sstevenson503
ur really pretty
Thank you so much, it is an honor!
I can be your pot of gold Niall.
Get it?
It's my..
Last name..
No?
Oh ok.
That's what scares me too; that the 2012 NYC summer will be one for the record books.
lol!
i always found i could do whatever i wanted as a kid AND as an adult!
;
oO i like that theme!
Why is the ows guy on Lou Dobbs wearing Polo and Burberry brand clothing?
Doesn't he hate rich people stuff?
A4: speak up about your accomplishments to others this is how you change perception.
Big ups to all the girls that don't wait for it to be Halloween to doctorss up like hoes
Don't u just love this TZ fake stuff!
Masterfully done n b/w!
Timeless.
huh??
David Choi?
Where did you guys see each other?
That's random haha
HappyBirthday to Judith Jamison of AlvinAiley American Dance Theater.
FridayReads Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Childoctorn
Police arrest two on meth charges  WAFF
Bruce L Edwards: Many apologetics is not a tract but a fairy tale, a cycle of poems, a symphony.
It requires an improvisation.
That is excellent news!
Sending many happy howls your way.
Happy Monday everyone!
We hope you had a great week, tell us what you did this weekend to
Tate donating his time to Mira Mesa High School teaching the spread offense.
That's great!
Looking forward to her coming to Atlanta in 2 weeks
ThoughtsAtWalmart Why the F...
is this line moving so slow!!
Stress threshold has reached the limit for the day.
I should really just go lay down.
Wow, done...
Breathe,.breathe...
Smile, play music try and be happy
Hobart Brown Money doesnt always bring happiness.
People with ten million dollars are no happier than people with nine million dollars.
New : not a fan.
How to see 1p.
of bkmks?
Compress layout.
This is what happens when visual design trumps usability.
I need a real nigga but I don't think I'll ever find one in Memphis or should I say America period
Working on getting the latest EVPs we did at Hawaiian Memorial Cemetary loaded for review.
Caught 4 things that we can't quite make out.
dang guys look what i started lol
Pay attention to these NASA folks, all sciencey  goodlooking.
We're cooking up some nerdy fun together!
How have you been enjoying the sunshine today Indy?
Yes, looks like the price is now around 200 for the Samsung Galaxy S II.
Real talk ThingsThatFrustrateMe when people say I love you after a week...nigga yu don't love me...yur in LUST!
BigDifference
I just sounded way cranky, sorry about that.
Just realizing the parking nightmare that'll be happening...
The Weed im smoking Only the trees can pronounce
Boys to men music video shoot went great
Congratulations to the winners of tonight's indiesoapawards!
With special thanks to and all those livetweeters.
I need to move to beaver..and get a stoop
Do you remember your favorite concert?
I'm well wzup
The feeling you get when you find out the hottest girl you know like the ugliest guy you know.
AND he's got 6 kids from 5 different mothers.
Someone txt me
Gong to see tonight at Main Room 10pm.
Make me laugh funny man!!
who ?
Mmhhh text me
Nashville trench lawyer menu.
Motion to suppress a traffic stop on Franklin , Tn.
its official!
your following all my friends but me :
When You Become Famous Will You Remember Your First angels ?
I am deff going to be there :
nice display picture!
: it so awesome!!!
huh hello
yes you do
You can't blame me for what happened to you.
.
I didn't know Derek was gonna hurt you!!
There's so many fat people in the gym today.
I feel great.
And this!!
That's quadoctorple the gang bangers!
RT : The NFL got it right by getting the hell out of there
hey this is you right CountryGirl:
i am about 2 get on ovoo wit my friends:
Not always.
Sometimes people lose sight of them and they just get doctornk under the bridge.
The Raven's just lost a heartbreaker!
I hope the kicker is calling a taxi, I wouldn't get on that team bus.
If only serena knew
watched The Fighter last night and can't seem to shake my alreadystrong accent...or my thirst for street fighting.
Men don't follow women, women follow men 
Today is a very special day, as we say goodbye to our longest tenured Theatre Genius, Molly.
better treat her right.
I really need to start noting who knows me only as Santiago.
hey, what's wrong?
Wait.
Help.
Is that Rory Gilmore having sex with Pete on MadMen?!?
Hey Tweeters!
I wish U all a Wonderful Day!
10Thingsthatiike No problems
My Aunt reminded me that there is an order....
I had the best doctoramm last night/this morning holy shit haven't had a good af doctoram in a while 
Sharing the bar with Woody Harrelson.
Just 'nother Saturday night.
something has to make ATMs...
Tell me why that was really akward ?
On the road to Richmond for the Board of Medicine
The search goes on for a mother, her 11yearold son and a family friend missing since last week.
New developments today at noon on 10TV..
Bleh.
pout, sulk
Hello, TDLP class is tomorrow at 2 ET.
Is it posted incorrectly somewhere?
Yep.
RT : Is it just me, or did the Dwyane Wade battling injuries narrative just kind of appear out of thin air?
It's like you were in meetings with us :P
Rihanna hospitalized for exhaustion.
A nap would do the trick, no?
BestPickUpLines Equivalent exchange.
I'LL GIVE YOU HAVE MY LIFE...
SO GIVE ME HALF OF YOURS!

lol good.
Cause Heather and I don't want too many people to sign up :p
Holy crap!
Just realized we are leaving for NYC tomorrow afternoon and I haven't packed SH!
And yes, Owen is coming with us.
:
forever.
WARD!
I'm more concerned about Blanton Eating Oswalt : What if Blanton approaches Oswalt about his socks: There can be only one...
Set up an account on pbxes.org for using Sipdoctorid softphone with multiple inbound and outbound providers.
Seems to work great.
Retrain Tip: Did you know that water exercises are the opposite?
Meaning bicep curl in H2O really works tricep and so on.
Rainy day at the office on K Street.
Playing around with making it more fun.
hey there!
I'm helping with his Twitter revup : how are you?
Hey Jacky!
Thank you so Much for Supporting !!!
Lots of Love to you!!
Fuck Marion police for pullin me over but oh well no ticket woohoo!!
Maybe you should eat makeup, so you can be pretty on the inside
terps lax!
Amazing!
Awesome!
Just found a red ant on my BED.
Not liking this one bit.
well thank you!
We'll never get tired of watching the sunset on the beach...
I'm jealous of everyone doing anything fun.
I'm bored, so I'll clean.
I have no idea : this suckss!
Your coming out to Cali then!
Lift heavy weights with me..
Design your weightlifting program by how your body moves, not by what your friends tell you!
Time for coffee with the Murphy Chamber of Commerce.
Just about to start a training with the dedicated NWA Board Members!
hey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
um random tweet to lillia i get down lazy o.O wat!
who turn the lights on oh snaps
I love YOU!
:P
that nigga off his ray charles
Where's the Hamilton HR tweet by ?
She is a little late to the party.
MY NEW SONG IS OUT CHECK OUT PPL
Wouldn't you love when your plan came together?
That is if you had a plan?
Coach Terry
My summer just started off bad.
/: My dog died.
RIPMaxie Please??
Mar 25, 1942: Dalton reported good deal of antiPM feeling in Tory Party but no answer as to who might replace him.
Next week, revisits a MKE st where placed a digital speed trailer.
We'll tell u how your street can get one.
Better to be interesting than to follow these rules
So I just looked at my tire and there's a huge hole in it but the tire hasn't bursted.
Wtf
Jus cause i may call u papii on occasion does not mean u Boss i run this Bitch
My thesis is yet to be finished, but my blogging creativity is currently boundless!
My wife looks at the latest and greatest smartphones, Nokia N8 is her choice
I'm gonna throw 100 on Tuesday!
your in Your mom us haha
I'm on with at 4:35 talking about the new fines for property owners who change potentially historic properties
ha my nigga clue posting about my local team news today thanks clue come down to the nati one day maybe when fab come back here
totally cool.
ops.
my own post went into moderation.
how silly.
posted now.
Wow, near 90f in Philly on Monday.
Tomorrow is my last real day in high school.
Tthanks for the mention!
Follow my other account
what should my new twitter name be?
Thank you frol following me  your followed..
xx Have you heard of  Austin Mahone   ?
Byatt, Ragnarok The End of the Gods.
I expected to love this retelling, but didn't.
I like more storytelling  less archetype in my myths.
HEEEYY!!!
i love you soo much :D i hope u guys are having fun!
please follow me : it would mean soo much to me
...Lucky!
Im excited, see you tomorrow :
Oops, I think I owe some apologies.
I just read a little more and learned Boxing Day is not the day you punch people who gave you bad gifts.
Having a good time reading it right now.
Was totally buying it for a bit, too, til I got to the Myanmarmade record players.
the extras are fantastic IMHO.
The commentary is very insightful and there's a nice peek into the collection of
Deliberations continue today in bad cop Anthony Arevalos case.
My blunder RT Open the SHUT THE FUCK UP Gate, you apple cinnamon dick hermit
thats wassup!!
Same here, working, school and getting my GTL on lol..bout the big day, yea things r falling into place!
4mons!
Guelph researcher launches website to support people who selfinjure
Looking forward to seeing you as well, and all our colleagues in
I succumbed and downloaded doctorwsomething.
But I'm still holding out on Pinterest for the moment.
Who's r u talking about niece?
RT She Sure Know's How To Put Someone Down!!!
Living:  YOUNG  WILD  FREE.
Working too hard today, gonna eat some blueberry cheesecake pie for a while.
q4 indeed, just like a phone number.
libchat it's cool to know how the numbers work, but only occasionally useful
24 more days of school....
ok do it
Come see us tonight Battle of the Bands  The Venue 42
Whats going on with the Yankees this season!
There not steady with the wins!!
Job:Linux Kernel Developers with Bluetooth, code optimization, doctorvers, ARM JTAG, Andoctorid
College Football Prediction Early Game: Michigan  Iowa; Michigan 4 and the Over 58
oh wow, I feel for ya man.
You'll get through it,just keep on being strong :
I hate my windshield wipers.
On a better note...
Paying bills is so much fun.
Yayyy.
What a sad day in football.
chris you will recover so how long r u out for get well soon buddy :
Pink Hula Set Costume for Child
Oh you aint that type of girl?
Well then shit you aint my type.
only I can judge me
Will Forte!
Apparently a bluegrass fan, uhh, not really.
Medley of James Ingram songs, that beloved bluegrass legend.
Lol.
I'd be game for a society without clocks and currency.
Two useless concepts.
Nope.
I was in MPLS at an ad agency
If black suits are for funerals, sounds like they'd also be good for wearing to just about any date I go on.........
happy birthday oliver andoctorws dontdoctornkanddoctorve lol
wondering about the weather.
One day freezing.
Next day 67.
Must be global warming in Atl.
Obama: Natural gas supply will last nearly 100 years and create 600K jobs in 10 years.
First doctorft of Cat o' Nine 3 is done.
Let the editing begin!
hell yeah!
we could blare blunt blowin for scott  cornell
Show this Friday at The Headhouse.
Sharing a bed with my cat and brother's puppy?
Yes...
This is a happiness I can handle.
aw, my brother my dad were playing video games together 3
fridayreads LTReads finished Bossypants by Fey  a fun read!
Started When Madeline was young by Hamilton  pretty good so far.
Our whole apartment and all of my clothes smell like maple syrup
The roller derby dude is wearing a fez.
Fezzes are cool.
If you aren't a raging antiMartin Sheen or antiCatholic, The Way is a beautiful movie.
i feel like smoking, get my dick sucked, then go to bed.
Wow.
Thanks for tipping me off to that Birdie Busch tune.
Great!
Have you seen all the Twilights?
I made it through 3/4 of the first one.
This vacation creator is in need of a vacation.
I got Jamaica on my mind.
Cuse is still worthy of a 1 seed.
Fuck anyone who says anything else.
Fuck anyone who thinks cuse isn't the second best team in the country
On a lighter note, My resolutions are starting off OK.
I cleaned the house and made several todo lists.
Now...to get to the doing part.
I instinctively want to use it as soon as the leaves change.
Some people slowcook in the summer, but not this girl.
Oh, man.
You said you'd be done by 2.
You better be ready to go, tonight.
Screen readers are also incredibly expensive.
JAWS costs 1000 for an INDIVIDUAL.
It's like a blind tax!
Haha that's funny:p
Wow!
I was expecting a cute dog with lovable Gordon nearby maybe???
Ha!
I'd agree that Baltimoreans are tougher, except when it comes to walking briskly in high heels.
Do not try to get links from pages that list hundoctords of off topic link partners
Last night was the most at Chop Suey.
Thanks to all that came out.
315 entries in Webster's 1996 Dictionary were misspelled
Do the water taxis take bikes?
I was at the United v Wigan game on Boxing Day  what an amazing place Old Trafford was.
Also saw an Arsenal and a Shef Utd game.
What?
You don't like me what did I do?
That's great, Adam!
RT : My goodness.
Just checked the insidethestory total, we've raised 2500 for in just two weeks!
Don't fuckin text my phone asking to see me wen all u want is a quick nut, I aint no Hoe and thats disrespectful, lose my number
I'm so happy I finally got to c my boo
Shiner 101  Good stuff.
It's impossible to exercise to DMB.
worldssuckiestmusic :
Too true, sadly.
But should we abandon aspiring towards true balance, or does that play into the maximalists' hands?
To my opponent in the BCBDleague: YOU'RE WELCOME.
HEATH BELL SUCKS SO I'LL NEVER WIN ANY PITCHING CATEGORIES
Exhausted after a long convention day in Las Vegas.
Another day tomorrow, hopefully more relaxing.
his management group is from Miami
I believe Adam Jones!
They better resign you.
I just bought tickets to 20 Os games for remainder of season
Just left the Floyd County Lincoln Day Dinner.
I appreciate the warm reception and support from our hometown friends.
My twitter account has been compromised.
Apologies if you received spam DM from me.
i pass
Glad you made it home okay!
We, of course, were concerned.
I'm sure it was all the standing.
So good to meet you IRL!
Happy Birthday!
Hope it's totally Nicktastic!
;
hahaha your messed up man....
Artist Wayne Wonder in the house  Linkage Awards.
Boom
Madness ensues RT : Here comes Henry Rodoctorguez...
Shout out to Jack Fugiel !
Retiring Fri after great career at Weyerhaeuser; thanks for many great years working together!
congress needs to exercise care in making decisions to deploy!
We can't afford these trillion wars that sink the US into debt!
1more year too shine cuzzin , holla at me when u make it big my guy lmao , ima knock fam
thats puerto rican juice no pun
haha thanks!
yes LIAM 3 ;D
My public policy issue  1 crack down on public urination in Hollywood.
If someone offers you 999 words for your picture, REJECT HIM!
NOT WORTH IT!
for Sunday brunch.
Bloody Mary bar and cartoons.
so uh did you ever post chapter 5
The Jonas/Deleasa family are in NYC for the E!
Upfronts for their show
this is funner than chucking rocks at a sign
Good morning, MVPs.
just keep chiseling your talents!
Leave the thankyous for podiums and live broadcasts!
hahaha!!
Probably!!
You know any smart man is NOT going to shoot up just any electronic!
RT : My Prada progressives arrived via FedEx 5 minutes ago.
Ordered online from Saved a bundle.
LOVE YOU!!!!
with God you CAN stand and He will protect you.
I pray that He'll heap blessings on you and your family!
I know!!
Gotta see you soon!!
R u in LA?
: amen girl!
There is a big difference.
I miss you!

the HTACouncil biweekly meeting to discuss the progress of our projects in the NYC Area
Stella Adler acting class 1 of the best.
les stratsberg theatre
Church at pastor young's new house.
: but that means I can't be in doctorm corp today.
:
I used the last of the mozzarella from stuffed mushrooms as grilled cheese.
Delicious.
Selfserve ads are now on Twitter which will allow event planners to tailor ads to the event.
What?!
I passed 8000 tweets and I didnt even notice!
Willard Wonka's Chinese Slave Labor Chocolate Factory
I'm going hard today!!!!
how do we communicate with young people about privacy?
libraries are looking for ways to engage them effectively
I made it through the wilderness, somehow I made it through, dint know how lost I was 'till I found you...
what's your weather prediction for tailgating at Lucas Oil Stadium for the IU vs.
BSU game this weekend?
Used Book Sale, open now in the courtyard of the Ayala Science Library.
I want pancakes.
on ABC Nightline.
7 songs on the charts
where'd you get the cool tweet up badge?
The week before xmas is always busy.
I think families start thinking of each other and want to rush and finalize.
We never take xmas off.
A lovely riesling, eh?
It's a great day for that!
I'm in the office working so that I can focus on rehearsals starting Tuesday
You have a great day.
I love your name!
yea it's okay.
I feel like we never talk anymore
oh yeah there was that.
: But its my daughters birthday and I get to enjoy daddydaughter dance class tonight with them.
RT : Friday the 13th Today must be you birthday??
4/13/2012  ????
Um...scratching my head!!
they are similar in sound and also very catchy, listen to Young Blood by them when you try em out.
Might even recognize it
Don't tell your mom but you're funnier than she is.
I'll give u a call tomo
She should take me!
I'm so good at it.
You've seen me in action.
Flattered.
Just saw this now, thanks!
RT Is this my first time seeing ?
Oh my!
Bored Outta My Mind while everyone else has fun!
Hate being a YOUNG one ina house of oldies.
coolin What's up?
New jersey maana .
I can't wait to see the Chicago Bulls put a beat down on the NJ Nets.
is it really that good?
Never had it, tried to go there one nite and it was packed
Yes we do, indeed!!!
Trade sent to Clara in NH!
RT : A2 Think swiftlystrategically.
doctorw parallels between clients branding, their business objectivesstrategy.
I gotcha my peoples u know I support u I wouldn't buy it bootleg lbvs
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesnt work that way.
So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
1 Friend Request Mutual Friends how the hell did you find me?
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Cool !
Let's catch up for happy hour sometime.
Ok who would u wanna see in a chic on chic battle with Batwoman?
can't even concentrate smh...
is rachel blanchard the poormans heather graham?
So ready for this weekend with the girls in Wilmington, yall just don't know!!
yawn woke up to write this paper.
im hungry now smh
OVER 30s got them skills for sure..
loving misterBell and misterKrajcik tonight..
Hey We have great selection of Inov8's at our store.
annd we might be able to give a deal to your box.
I'll get back to ya!
we have some covers but we arent allowed to post themsince we do not own the copyright to them but if you wanna hear them then check us...
On a cooler note, watched McCabe  mister.
Miller for the first time.
And boy do I get Warren Beatty now.
let's hit up a hipster bar this week LA is always crackin
I believe that if you're healthy, you're capable of doing everything
heading to funny class.
This has to be longest week ever

true to the spirit of the post, it's better read AFTER the unconference :
y y y yes
yea that's the one we're in.
yeah i was like 'well i GUESS thats my lubna' lol
At work about to get it in..loveing life...
Man, I could RETWEET the hell outta my SpursNation right now!
mad love!
Argh.
9th Circuit stays enforcement of Prop 8 ruling until court rules on appeal; hearing set for Dec.
6.
Having been in the south when it happened, I did assume it was a message from one or the other.
thanks!
: Feel free to send promos to .
Cheers!
CK
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Tootsies in Miami baby!!!
Getting ready to watch the debate.
Bring on the promises.
show an ol frail bitch some love...fucks with me childs....
I thought you were taken by bruno mars?
lol
Never let anoyone stop u from believing if u have a doctoram just go for it I know I am haters equal motivation follow me
Somehow I tolerate being cut off in traffic when given a signal
2 more days to go on my Read the Bible in 90 Days.
I'm feeling a Celebration coming onIts like Graduation.
Next time I'll read NLT
haha thanks!
We have to get together in the next couple weeks
Happy Friday!
Enjoying the snow?
she wasn't that horrible.
Best practices and successes will be highlighted at ESA leadership summit; starts tonite.
Watch
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers.
He caught me checking in on...
nah that was after the SuperDeluxe phase which was c19971998.
We had to have had Merc overlap!
I want a iPad.
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Thanks for following ; Go Aztecs!
Lol
Blackberry Double Chocolate brownies!
Try my new Louisiana Hot Links today.
NYC Mother Arrested After Abandoning Her Young Daughters on the Side of the Road in Brooklyn with Just Diapers 
yo're beautiful 2day , i dont even cant speak ;
No worries and if have any questions or concerns let me know.
We are actually in Amsterdam right now at an apt from there.
:
It's ok!
I went to jitters!!
Online shopping is the death of my bank account.
foot skin is delicate!
soak your feet in a bowl of slightly hot water to soften the tough dead skin.
Then file!
Had a great headshot session with yesterday.
She knows a lot about food!
All good in LoveSac Nation.
Nothing better than chiilin in a LoveSac on a day off.
LoveSac Scottsdale Fashion Square
I miss Oklahoma.
in one week down there it convinced me again OU is a special place
May the Lord direct your hearts to the love of God and to the steadfastness of Christ.
2 Thess.
3:5
Gotta get through this week, then next week is a Short week then I'll be HOME!
woo!
Oh...
Sorry, bruh.
Tell doc to be gentle.
LOL.
In a room full of fabulous women.
Attending leading women defined conference sponsored by the fabulous Debra Lee  Chair of BET.
That was a facemask..
hahahahaha dont let it go to your head ;P
not putting enough sentences in this annotated bibliography BC YOLO
On these raw papers fa tha frist time they kool kool did the job
you suck.
Ebay , why did I stop using you.
You have provided me with a phonograph horn.
I will never forget you from this moment on out.
It's bitter irony, moments after posting a picture with a quote from Doctor Who on the importance of books, I forgot how to spell thankful.
sounds good to me!
our kiss still burns on my lips, everyday of mine is so beautiful.
my favorite
Sure!
We'll send you the invite info when it goes out!
that respect my grind goin to be epic wats gud im talking video and all
In my project team's room there's a baseball bat labeled Computer Repair Kit
Team to whoop on the cubs!
iPad can now be personal hotspot if supported by carrier.
4G LTE iPads are carrier specific; 3G World Ready, however.
Kim Kardashian will you marry me?
We strongly suggest you get your ass to tonight for 's 'Perspective' Album Release Party!
Let's celebrate.
I know that it isn't any of my business but why don't u take the argument to DM?
So that we can't read the convo
!!
RT : Tween: Does having PMS make you want to strangle men?
Me: Yes.
Her: I definitely have that.
Me: Eat chocolate
Please email
So thankful that no students were hurt in the accident involving a school bus in Red Bank today.
All caused by a doctornk doctorver.
sounds like u are making an assumption about him.
dudes with feminine ways are not always gay/masc dudes are not alwaysstraight
Open house today, from 14PM, 1101 N.
Lowell St., Santa Ana, CA 92703
: 17 days til Florida with cantwait I CAN'T WAIT EITHER BABE33 i love you 3
Diffusion Volume IV seeking relevant advertisers.
Please contact me for details:
Aw, gee, thanks.
You mean there's no closing night dance party there this year?
thanks!
Let me know if you ever need help.
That's our job :
Give me a lever long enough, and a place to put it, and I can lift the world.
Archimedes
If you laughin bout what these indie rappers lyin bout RT
Dinnertime.
Yummy.
Sudden urge to cook all the pasta I have and subsist on that until my next grocery shopping trip
NBA League Pass free preview until Jan 8th...
thank you..
I'm glad my faith in God has made you a stronger believer.
:
Does not like getting out of bed before 8!!!!
The year is dead!
Long live the year!
My cat loves being serenaded, and I love serenading the cat.
Food Truck Stops: October 12
Congratulations to mark mcmorris and Bobby brown!!!
Sweet, filive looks awesome!
Enjoy!
Smdh she was just outta pocket and didn't even know it
Autumn was here :
Congrats to our girl for landing a supporting cast role in a new scfi film, she will also be filming w/ this week
Performance reviews, done.
Pile of student papers needing response .
.
.
workin' on it.
Housecleaningnot even close.
REASON is mankind's greatest and most tragic illusion.
Carl Jung
Thanks to all who were at our Town Hall last night.
There was lots of good input for our Board of Directors.
I'm just speaking truth lol
On the hunt for Junior Software Sales peeps in ATX.
Contact me for details.
A leopard never sheds its stripes.
This is why I watch.
I can tell you now.
My advice is have more!!
Enjoying coffee, delicious baked good and smart company at
I can't believe they gave him a human one!
How do you know the meeting is happening?
Do you know when?
Follow me please!!
And thank you!
3
Just saw the Gecko ventriloquist commercial at what I thought was the in Downer's Grove is that true Tivoli?
Still fighting that paper jam, eh?
Time to get pretty!
RT : Idk where to even begin swim suit shopping...
It always gives me a headache
Im following :
the guy nxt door said u heard the nike air yeezy 2 is very limited folks R camping out i said OH kanye should make his albumS limited 2 smh.
Happy Friday!!
Big beer weekend coming up.
Who's hitting up or Slow Beer by ?
The Cater2.me team is psyched!
I'm open this afternoon if you want to meet on the PSL 3:30?
RejectedFuneralHomeNames Suicide Museum
Waiting for StudyNY to start.
Craving breakfast just googled breakfast all day new York.
today's haiku snowflake in my eye what is wrong with this picture missing summer sun
there should be an ISO standard for a blank page that doesn't require the sullying of the same.
Can do!
I bet we could even work in a quarter or half page ad space in our event program.
You need to get a FB Fan Page!
Can't wait to get my whip out the paint shop 24 / 7 glazin
I'm really hate the Boston weather right now
Compassion has no limit.
Kindness has no enemy.
Woohoo!
Have you had a chance to visit us yet?
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Albert Einstein
Wooooohoooo!
I will be there if I don't die in Santorum.
RT: Tuesday im doing standup in NYC!!
Stir Crazy?
We are open!
When is honda
Do you want an Apple TV?
I still don't really get it.
I like my Roku.
pool closedbroken pump.
they get to run instead only 24 days until tri for them and 23 days for me
Skillcenter expected to be a useful tool for entrepreneurship content  social networking for
Happy Saturday
And nonchalantly place the Oscar in Rooney's purse..
Looking forward to seeing everyone today at the Festival of Masks and Leimert Park Art Walk!
Take pictures and post them on our page!
Not enough time in the day...
Sorry twitter...
I'll look forward to congratulating you in person on the Marquette gig, Gerry!
It is scary at first but it gets easier once you get your first game out.
The beginning is the most thrilling period, enjoy!
Dude you are BRILLIANT!!!!
When does next season begins?
Are they filmming?
Writing????
Guy who loves maylene and taylor swiftnew boyfriend
So, who's making it out to the Flashmob tonight?
my liver hates me
At next Monday's San Diego Social Media Marketing Meetup, will be discussing online reputation management...
i folowed you plz follow back i only watch Victorious to see u your cool plz follow back  ur voice is a special gift :
Set up a new phone plan, now to get the new cell phone to do what I want.
Go back to what caused it.
Go back 2 roots of it, emotion  objective Do not repeat yourself, variations will come out, don't try to copy it
My art book from the Embassy of Brazil arrived this week.
Looking forward to having something new and interesting on the coffee table.
None!
I just love them.
Figure ill get one when i tour
What's the benefit of electric steering over hydoctorulic steering for the new ...
Chicago Tribune
GoSpursGo lose their second home game of season to a determined Bulls team led by their AllStars, especially doctorse who was unstoppable.
Will everyone be wearing green t shirts similar to what they do in Miami with the white shirts?
RT : Tudor/Stuart phrase of the day  I lost time a little with her, i.e., dallied or flirted w/ her.
Samuel Pepys.
Off to IYG .
looking for new agents?
any good ones out there?
milwaukee I should tweet about work but.
GO PACK GO.
Should be a great game from both teams!
:
Bitch I love you!!
3
ItsTimeThatYouRealize How b.a.p Is really Doing hard and They are Now POPULAR 3
First night off in a while.
Decided to do it right ...
BED!!!!!!
FOOT LOCKER FLOW
Mkayyy.
Weirdest conversation ever!
Hoping to go to EPIC tonight !
we are growing closer as a band
Thanks for making the game today Ashley!
Had a great dinner with friends at the Mineshaft in Hartford, WI last night.
Wow, that place is huge!
Met a guy who sells homemade honey yet he's seen his colony collapse by thousands of bees.
The cause unknown, but pesticides in the mix.
3WordsForYou suck that bitch
Done testing for now....trying to focus, excited to see my little boy and my wife after her class tonight!
Wished tea party was another time
hehe love you!
Clean Start Cleanse: 68 intensive, deep colon cleansing.
Removes buildup that nothing else can touch!
My favorite!
In wild berry
I use to go there b4 I left for the army!
From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut.
From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the jerk.
The Jamestown Foundation: The Legacy of Soviet Nuclear Industry ...
yaya and really?!?!?
but what jailbreak thingy did u use???
Sunday looks like the better day at Lolla.
JCole and Childish Gambino.
Im on that as well.
I want to be famous, airbrushed, and dumb.
oO Many teen girls now.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you must dare to jump ; x
Prep Kitchen for in Ragazzi on the street, Marco LiMandoctor on his phone...Where's w/her dog?
siblings print boarding passes for free in
Timbers Army Team signed up for: Summer CoEd Kickball at King School Park Saturdays.
Excited to have here tonight !!
So interesting to hear how foursquare first started..
It's my child, with my babyfather  why do I feel like I have to please my family with my decisions with 'em?
Well, the guy wouldn't shake his hand.
He kept trying, and things got ugly.
It wasn't routine unfriendliness.
What a wonderful night.
Played The Bluebird with CONNOR RAND and Wes McDonough..
best round I've ever played.
If you win, say, Wimbledon...do you keep the trophy?
Or do they reuse the same one?
author, book lover, online personality, and great friend of the Uni.
Couldn't ask for a better tourmate in the months ahead.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CLUB MIAMI BALLROOM!!
DEBUT TONIGHT!!!
GONNA BE FUN!!
in about 15 minutes they're playing it again for anyone who missed it.
9:35 in Miami.:
Hey Jay, we were scheduled to record on Tuesday but I had to cancel...something came up.
Should be recording early next week.
Great, Shanny steps in for two seconds and is already ruining the game.
Him and Crosby should team up to ban hitting altogether
Had a nice time at Spaulding/Grand today; also had a couple runins with neighborhood hoes, and some sweet robins, sparrows, and rabbits.
it is for my internship, I am working on a political campaign for one of the candidates running for Governor of Michigan.
I should remember to stand up straight all the time.
Why do wizards measure their wands in inches, when they live in England?
I don't know why, but the AngloSaxon era of English history bores me to tears.
You wouldn't think so, what with Vikings and whatnot
Successful people operate in two modes: professorssional and relaxed
lmao trust me i would be
In tenth chapter of new novel...Getting excited about it.
Get ready...
Next week we'll be featuring resources for startups!
If you want in on the action, tag your notebook startups  stay tuned!
Excellent news!
When?
When?
Somehow I think this is an earth day violation.
SMH
Harry Potter, the boy who lived.
Come to die.
I'm down
This Girl Can NOT Sing
Now how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing  Lucius Annaeus Seneca
Orientation was incredible!
Thanks for such an awesome weekend!
Go Trojans!!
I love backtoback homers.
Yes, I am working!
Writing on a new song.
As we grow older we don't loose friends, we just learn who and what real friends are!
so jealous!
Glad you got to share that with them though :
Thanks for RT.Just entered the Prep Cycle for the A'stan deployment.Intense physical trng and lots of weapons trng.
Language trng.
So this is howitssupposedtobe.....amazing 3
RT : Friends don't let friends use MySpace.
Haha, easier said that done :
Good to know.
I am well over due on a NYC visit.
thanks for the help!
I'm glad its Friday bring on the weekend.
Cause today and next week is all about games nothing else
Breakfast.Citrus Punch.
Franklin !
Anything to doctornk?
Yes, everything!
I think Lady Gaga puts glue on herself and rolls around in random items.
We didn't win the car in Saturday's voting but WOW!
Thank you for all the votes and great support!
We love our community!
she spelt my name wrong
How's everyone's Friday going?
Subway cookies make any day better!
RIP Patrice O'Neal.
You were one of the funniest people I've ever seen and heaven just got a lot funnier I'm sure.
Stop making decisions off emotion an use ur head.
Bill Murray is the man I love him
So I walk across the entire building  parking garage, take two elevators to get to my car  realize...I forgot my damn keys.
Watching people genuinely thank each other is amazing.
rt  agree.
thank u
Need to get ready to go to 's chorale concert but...
kittens!
Can't stop watching the kitten live feed.
They might do something cute
oh gross.
Emma got some weird virus wi/ fever lasting 14 days.
Then 5 days later got strep.
Finally well.
Your kids better?
so funny freaks ppl out I guess.
Oh is such an open response.
Behind every beautiful girl there is a dumb guy who did her wrong and made her strong.
might try to hit the beach up tomorrow
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight.....at THE FLY!!!
Wassup!
What's going on?
RT : hey u!
I need to met
That's not a cloud.
It's a dust storm!
Thats the gas station from hell Marge
Good analogy between scholarship  movie industry: there are awards for specific contributions  roles in movie creation
Don't have my size.
A UK 10, unfortunately.
I'm on a country kick.
you like me ;
Someones Silence is something you dont wanna fuck with....
Next Friday we'll have our first Summer Sports Series with Volleyball, BBQ, and beer.
Look forward to seeing y'all there!
i went to NEW YORK today, it was awsome especially TIME SQUARE
Keep on moving; don't stop like the hands of time
which would also be hilariously dumb but at least not as entirely predictable!
good choices Leif...haha
Hmm...
I don't know about that.
...but it makes us look low class  plain.
Would be a nice special occasion alt kit IMO but not a regular kit.
Absolutely without a doubt YES!
RT Thinking about doing some live podcasts w/ an audience.
Perhaps around the country.
Thoughts?
all this talk about class warfare and whether or not its actually happening...
we better start bringin it so there's no doubt
The intense feelings of pleasure and desire accompanying orgasm are mediated by the brain.
We Flipped our Lids with  All Star Weekend and the new Inspiron R in L.A.
you got it!
actually, i feel really bad atm.
i feel like i have this really strong obsession with 1D and i haven't even listened to atl in the last days
warmmineralsprings now public property  sarasota county and city of northport seeking public input for future use of spring site.
A Very She  Him Christmas to start off the morning.
I hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving!
I'm finally back to being online.
Let me know how you're doing and let me know if u need anything!
Colombiana is a good movie:.
is there a twitter hashtag for the conference in July?
Kevin Durant is killing the parachute game right now.
Do they not have run ways in OKC?
They have to jump out of planes?
I'd stick w/ Johnson over Spiller.
Buffalo has talked about limiting Spillers touches for some reason, while Johnson has new life
thanks for an fun wkd!
They cost 15 a pill.
In my practice it's often the wife who wants the hubby to have a script.
Ah!!!
Work tomorrow at new property.
so mean.
Note to the GOP: Corporations are NOT people and people can NOT be run like corporations!
Great Convanta Energy article re: How Arlington  Alexandoctora can create private industry winwins
One more final and then Exam Play casting is announced!
So excited!
Football time with and !!
Woo!
short people are awesome!!!
they can bite your ankles and hide xD.
I just downloaded a shit load of new dubstep...
Remind me to give it to you!
Crazy new stuff!!!!
Nothing like two doctornk grown men discussing the latest in entertainment this week
Its not hard at all Lol you just tag the persons twitter name.
You can't post tweets to someones page dumbahh
So, weve decided were going to extend the photo contest till the end of the month.
Get them in by July 1st to become our professorle pic!
stop ur making me blush lol
Hey when will the women's line become available?
I love assault and recon...just need clothes for track practice :
gotta get a photo that twitter can download!!
add to the list ...
:
My great aunt traveled, not easily, from PhillNYC to c ur show.
She's in a wheelchair  was made to sit far from the stage.
BO!
If you tryin to stay warm fellas im sure it will be plenty of big girls to keep you warm lol
it was so much fun!
We posted the video.
Usually it's the other way around...me persuading them!
Cape May's migratory houses
RT : As ecopioneers in the toy industry, carries out many initiatives to ensure its Green ethos...
come to the bat cave
Watching the seattle seahanks
what happened with video?
;
lookin kind of scarce!
yes they are awesome
ite lol im about to leave can yhu call me
no doubt!
Get your battered fish sammie with your choice of side for 8.95 all day!
People who get on my twitter and Facebook and write stuff I wouldn't say.
So if theres a weird tweet it's probably not me
Collaborate Without Complexity: SharePoint Mobile Workflow Platform for iPad ...
Seattle Post Intelligencer
I'll probably just eat lots of burritos today and wait for tomorrow.
Watch WKOW tonight at 6 for an update from Coach Bielema at UW practice  a preview of Russell Wilson on Gruden's QB Camp
s'all good, guys!
UND at home next week!!
Happy 40th anniversary to my lovely Sigma Kappa sisters!
I have now voted absentee for Tues' election.
Can the robo calls please stop now?
Definitely looked like Byrd pulled the bat back.
And it didn't look like the ball hit the bat at all.
So...
If some employees were paid what they were worth, they'd owe the company money.
lol I would delete my shit if I didn't have so many connections on there..
Finished watching 21JumpStreet...I think is the man!
Every movie I see him in he is awesome  he's pretty damn artistic too!

dave thanks, it has been  I am resetting it  hope no more of this!
But I ain't gonna follow her cause this could potentially be my career  I ain't tryna taint their view of me via twitter.
A windy, rainy night in the Burgh for Hockey!
Its great to see crowds come for a game, but what it does to traffic downtown is never fun.
So excited to see Tony Robbin's at oprahsnextchapter!
Miss walking on fire  UPW!
HAVE A GOOD DAY, NIALLER!
i doing great!
Just listening to music :
: Missing my bro lol sorry man be slave working.
Gonna hit u today.
Same here..
ok but i won't hold my breath!!
Lol
Pay us a visit today and enjoy our HappyHour from 5pm until 8pm!
Ask for the specials!
RT for your friends.
WEE will have a kids zone full of fun jumpers, face paniting, crafts, popcorn!!!
All free!!!!!!
Event free to the public
Been listening to all morning, and he hasn't said may the fourth be with you.
yet.
I am disappoint, Carson.
Hearing his voice before sleeping   I love you 33
Feb.
3 hates rock 'n' roll.
It took Buddy Holly, Richie Valens and the Big Bopper in '59, Sid Vicious in '79.
Screw this day.
That's a con I wanna go to.
SHAPING OUR YOUTH Fashion Show Intrest meeting will be held Sat Sept.
17,2011 For more info contact or
Studio Session  Platinum Room Studio...
Can I ask you something did you kiss him or anything like that?
!
Thanks!
RT I loved your AR Cabinet of Curiosities!!
House to yourself, better not kick your bros out
twice tonight....but gotta put the best one from my Hoosiers this team just looks different
Thanks for the s/o and the
This new scribe has the craziest as I've ever seen.
having server problems today?
Home in San Antonio and having dinner at The Barn Door!!!
Perfect dinner, apart from a home cooked meal, before I head back to Lubbock.
hey you guys played awesome last night!
was great to see.
roll on the season my friend, should be exciting.
Go Lions!
I CRIED WHEN it was the last rolo
Heading to a candidate forum in San Marcos.
I wonder if I'll have the chance to mention how bad CISPA is!
nothing too new, but at the grackle and are great!
Happy eating!
Join DJ Louie Marxx tonight on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio  Live In San Francisco  Overlooking The Bay!
hey just letting you know said chi town right not you :
Selena n Justin R Done Dey r Not Jelena No More :/
Yyaaaaa!!!
i'm back!!!!
i'm back we did it we did it!!!
Morning Twitter.
Let's get it all done so I can SWTOR all weekend!
that's brilliant.
we definitely need more blue carts :
Lunch at Trails Cafe?
H.
Ross Perot If you see a snake just kill it.
Dont appoint a committee on snakes.
We have time for tattoo consultations and piercings!!
da gud thing about twitter is dat u can tweet allday about nothin and ppl will think ur cool but really ur just some asshole who talks alot
when people dont text me back.
ya cause i just love that feeling.
eisummit John Katzman: in 10 years colleges will not be involved in remediation.
Agree or disagree?
I am not about to get in his case lol
A survey of Miamians say Ozzie Guillen should keep his job after his Fidel Castro comments, fake apology, decent apology.
What do you think?
Need cool Apple tips check us out!!
RTcomforting arms/// Thanks!!
I last peed on another continent.
yes i did.
Damn ISS monday is not the move man.
Really hope I get that Hypercolor shirt for Christmas.
Big mistake.
Huge.
I agree!
He definitely should not be talking about anyones D!
lmao  why does he have on a jacket 
Following for measured frank words on research libraries, a post on RDF I want to read, and more.
Sometimes you just jar to dive into things head first
Work outside your comfort zone and watch your results grow!!
Do you know about America Recycles Day??
You should!
www.Americarecyclesday.org
LET'S GO CARDS!
Your Colorado Kings lead 5030 over the Shizuoka Gymisterts....at the half.
its especially funny because I'm with her right now
That's what I said!
I really don't get the hype.
BUT, you don't have to be a landlord ;
There is a belief that we actually know what we are looking for with PTSD, TBI.
Not the case.
Multifactorial problems.
Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv..
and so it begins
Earl Thomas
Watching the David Beckham underwear com recital and my 4 yo says that looks like daddy  yeah sure son, that looks like daddy
Back in the cities from a mini vaca.
Back to work...
Two cords of firewood delivered and stacked!
Bring on the winter!
.
Bipartisan Cafe is one of Portland's best places to work on that novel.
opsrocks2012.
Sign up and give it a try.
Providing an Extra 2
Where'd you find it???
people say the MEANEST things to brands on Twitter.
Sheesh!
Try to keep it clean, tweeps.
Someone has to read everything you're writing.
That yolo shit is getting annoying.
You do somethint dont say yolo.
We all fucking know we only live once.
did you happen to see the tigers win today?
Amazing
i love them they are my fav: i need to order some from you!!!!
Ramen Noodles 33 Sound delicious right now !
and keeping teams moving through and on time!!!
LMFAO Party Rock Anthem is the only song I've heard on the radio for the past two week.
MAKE IT STOP
Letters on OpEd gave impression PR listeners not too keen on using their own money to support PR.
No superbowl for me.
I don't watch football and since all the commercials are on YouTube, no need to watch.
Have fun fans!
People need some new flavor in their ear
And just because you call some people blind doesn't automatically give you vision  Jefferson Bethke
I've made it a habit that every morning as soon as I open my eyes I give thanks 4 the wonders in my life.
This has changed me
RT : new contest up!
Help get free healthcare for a year  win a prizepack including tix to
Can't wait till godsmack plays so I can sit down
hey!
thanks for following!
I'd love to tell you about my startup  more details later!
Also, Bo made clear he wanted to discuss these schools with Jarrod  that they weren't blocked as a final matter.
uwbadgers move on to Saturday!
It's so wonderfully, intoxicatingly close to happy hour...
Watch all your favorite NFL Games here.
Happy Hour all day long!
3 doctorft Beers, 5 for 15 Bottle Buckets, 3 Tequila Shots...and good food!
Anyone wanna chill?
who wants to burn dan jockitch?
I don't think so...
they may have released some information on execs to express their displeasure, but they didn't ransom it
In the mood to just sit down and talk to someone I can trust.
.
now he's eating a giant bag of popcorn and not sharing a single kernel with Paul Allen.
LSU to me...: Anyone got a read on Musberger yet?
Build your very own buyers list.
You should learn as much information on them as possible.
So has been twittering for a year, despite being dead.
Does that make twitter postpostmodern?
Be innovative with your copy, conventional with your layout.
Great things to think about and implement regarding copy from
Who wants to line up at Miller Park and pick up my single game tix for me?
If Rizov and Sicinski dig it, that's hugely acclaimed in my book.
Ahh if only there were 30 hours in a day...
lol
One of the worst days of my sister's life was when I got bigger than she.
Some of these A  Rs have no morals man.
GURRRL you love the sun!!!
Woot!
The greenhouse is complete
There ya go!
That's the spirit.
stupid people.
it's impossible to avoid them, so i'll be forever disgruntled.lol.
About to watch musical cats!
Not the Broadway musical Cats.
Actual cats who play music.
Jealous meow?
that was random but thank you.
I rode in a mini cooper today!
baseball's Matt Senk has done terrific job with Seawolves, who are a victory away from consecutive 40win seasons.
Great fight training day with the guys at 87eleven for the new Jason Statham film Parker Leave for New Orleans Monday to kick his ass ;
I always wonder how it can be freezing in a classroom then so warm in the hallway...?
almost time!
Where did all that wind come from?
First, a ride.
Now, ParisNice with a Hop Noir in hand.
RT if you have moves like jagger!!
We're just a bunch of quirky neighbors!
Definitely, I really missed you so much!
xoxo My celebrity, Eric!
RT : welcome back!!!
Missed ya on Twitter 
alright Laurakeep the twitterlove feet going!!!
Yea ..
Didn't have time to paint my nails ..
Just did a round of all TV theme songs.
Harder that you may think.
Geek Pub Quiz at SYP!
RT Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Pablo Casals
no ur not going to leave me please dnt i dmed u please dnt leave me
Yeah....
I'm not a babysitter.
Sorry.
Make that when people don't run.
Bless you, autocorrect.
we would like to send you the coupon code for the Shout Out/Mention  promotion!
Send us an email!
:
office hours; great conversations with local leaders who want to better the community.
Thank you for the input!
Definitely not right.
But you have faith and will be ok.
You're the better player and man!
Keep it up!
I know don't want none of this.
well get me some n maybe ill share :
you can express opinions without antagonizing people.
The shoe fits, wear it.
WHY DID I MARRY AN ITALIAN?!
soon on line in the meanwhile www.robertasparta.com ENJOY!
go to SOWA market tomorrow!
Or stroll Newbury Street and eat at the MetBar.
Walk public garden or take duck tour!
You're on a roll, sir.
Excited to watch my girl on NCIS tonight!
I've been called the songbird of my generation by people who've heard me.
hahah I finished all three of those books in 5 days.
I have no life.
Lol
did you wake up with your 'snowner' after having a 'white doctoram'?
Congratulations!
RT : Lots of happy tears at OHSU's MatchDay, congrats to our MD students!
Where are you going?
Ravens Record for Sacks!!
that's quite a lens
beat on walk off Home Run by Hanley to set off the magnificent outfield display  send twitter in a frenzy
Wonder why I dont see Briefs buy 4 get 2 free like they have for panties...
Craving red velvet cupcakes
Are there people who really eat only 1 steakumm at a time?
I don't believe its possible.
I love all sporting events but the best memory: A Chicago Clubs Game on my 13th Birthday
Dallas should win tonight at home.
right, because life is fucking roses for everyone in the suburbs...
immune to corruption and inflation here.
seriously, research.
I bear no ill will towards that movie, just him.
I hate his face so much.
: And JaVale McGee just earned himself a longterm contract with the Denver Nuggets.
Welcome to the club, kid.
Excited for factorcon closing event on the Queen Mary ship.
Almost there!
Not having to go to school for most of the day cause of ag day
Happy Friday!
Last night, our first preview, went amazing!
It's all coming together!
Come see us!
www.kefproductions.com
Defeating a sandwich only makes it tastier.
I'm willing to wait forever for you if that's what it takes because seeing you hurt now just makes me want to make u happen in the future...
Let me tell you, the city bus is the great equalizer.
Lady with no teeth, transsexual and crazy screaming guy all on my D4 bus.
Welcome to Milwaukee!
that just means your a pussy
State Department Revises J1 Summer Work Travel Program in Attempt to Protect Participants.
and we're grateful for all of our listeners and readers.
it's a public trust that we take seriously.
glad you had fun!
Yay!
Hoop!
Kentucky, MSU, Syracuse, and UNC.
Which 1 seed titan did you predict to flop first?
i agree to bring him back!
CARSON.
No!
What happened to the correct quotation?!
Yeah...
You're actually right.
I haven't heard anything lately.
What's up w/ that?
Im gonna to marry He sings like his life depends on it and I wud love 2 be surrounded by that dedication everyday of my life.
fuck man i sneeze fucken loud !
Q5 I like using email based scenarios with that provide response feedback post event for reinforcement
thank you sir!
much appreciated!
Former coworker used to sollicit bag candy donations for students on the Lawn before 10/31.
They get slammed by so many kids!
Neither is Layer 16 copy
Good morning!
Have a great day!
Find something good, it's always easy to find something bad.
Congratulations on this welldeserved opportunity.
woman arrives with three large messenger bags.
Now i can't stop wondering how many cats are waiting for her at home.
I hate my English Teacher.
have you been bumpin that dude?
Join us tomorrow night at the Alberta St.
Teahouse for a fantastic show with Michael Hurley  The Seaworthies!
Info here:...
At a great event at CoMerge in downtown San Diego.
That's awesome!
I'll track you down tomorrow.
I see bright things in Deathbeat Jam's future...
JustWait ;
you would still be in bed too if you got home at 4am.
a couple friends of mine told me last night they're planning a trip to ca, and wanted to know if they could hang out with you lol
hope you had a great brunch!
Ray Rice and Maurice Jonesdoctorw are the NFL's only two RBs to rush for at least 1,200 yards in each of the past three seasons
you have been hooked up!
Everything gets hotter when the sun goes down.
what happened?
Am I the only one who feels bad for Pete?
Nothing like a neighbor that practices the organ and waking up on an overcast day to make life seem like one big silent movie.
Are you trying really hard?
:
I just got home where you at
hope your day went well young lady and you kept that thing positive!
; love ya all
Heck of a start to the allstar weekend for the pacers.
made Indy proud last nite.
Spotlight on tonight.
Good luck.
RT : My night was perfect
you've got that one thing
Business in the front, party in the back, furtive nips from your flask of whiskey when your boss isn't looking in the middle
Get ome GREEN HERE...
Really?
Butchering La Costa, Via de la Valle.
given your family's proclivity for Ph.Ds, collecting everybody's could get expensive!
;
You betta take yo ass to tha sto' wit that.
Watching Boyz In The Hood.
Owen is out at 17 and Brandon is out at 14.
I believe you mean la Kha n'est pas?
Its always Sunny in Philadelphia...
I in a a little bind!
Palmer or Rivers?
Palmer has a better match up, but Rivers has played all year.
What do you think?
Ok I'm going to do dat u got a number
STOMP in St Paul...then dinner and debauchery downtown MPLS with Rosita Mamacita!
It appears as though I've stopped for gas in Methville, PA.
Yikes.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win
Q2 I'm more aware of knowledge silos than ever before.
En route to Washington state!
See you soon
I'll bet you wish you had slept through Hangover 2, however!
check back in six months.
This desk will be a jungle
You know you're dad's an aarp member when you go to dinner at 4.30.
Sometimes I'm confused by what I think is really obvious.
But what I think is really obvious obviously isn't obvious.
Two adults holding hands in the park?
The whole thing seems pretty innocent to me.
hahaha.
Well duh?
Me and tyson are best friends.
....
; haha
Well then.
I see what your priorities really are.
Me and bobby will be leaving now.
Remember jeffery is on the prowl!
sometimes, you really can't have it all.
The WV Sen.
Banking  Insurance committee has voted down SB194, requiring insurance fairness.
Sad day 4 youth in WV.
Happy Mother's Day to you Jenny!
Thanks for raising a great young man like Tom  for sharing him with us
They're doing great actually....
must've called in the big guns from the Taj.
Check out the soulful sounds of
ever get them mixed up?
I think physical exhaustion is a better feeling than mental exhaustion.
I Can't Wait For The KissMas Bash At The Rave.Its Gonna Be So Dope Wit ,  Kickin Incredible Dope Shit!
Even the tiniest gestures can have great meaning to the recipient.
not anger.
Frustration.
I'd respond in more depth, but it's that whole 140 character thing.
if you wanna continue, email me.
Nominations for Heroes with a Heart grants open today at 2 pm EST!
my first duty as a member of BrickSquad is to borrow ten dollars ill get u back next week
after that episode I could use a beer.
For me it's partly a matter of /enjoyment and partly a barrier to entry.
SignsOfCheating Talk's less, Argumentative, Rarely want's to see you, Protect's his phone like his life depend's on it.
Victorian Halls will be hitting up a lot of the south with 20 dates in December.
Keep an eye out.
Happy birthday sweetie!
I agree.
I watch about one game a month and they are always exciting.
EPL is better league but Serie is a blast
Wondering if J.P.
Morgan might announce a surprise gain from MF Global assets to offset their sudden 800MM loss.
I'm boutttta be up al night if thiss convo keeps going ; 3
Sun glare is causing some big backups inbound on HWY 217, HWY 26 and along the Terwilliger curves this morning.
We'd have to flatten our roof too...
:
Some pretty wicked storms overnight.
Saw a butterfly right as we pulled up.It flew right up to me and flew away.
My mom didn't see.
Could that be a sign?
Love you nana : 
thanks Girl!
Yah, I'll have some more soon.
JB is the shit!
He's a market just himself!
Look for more tracks to come!
What's with not coming to Georgia on BOTH fall tours?!?!
I'm about to call you since I can't !
quotes Encourage your people to be committed to a project rather than just be involved in it.
that is cool!
It's weird how the cafeteria remains one of the most doctoradful places in schools.
it could be easily innovated
I just noticed that today is 11/1/11
who are the best deep threat wrs, specifically available in the 3rd round?
Do you love kpop?
Are you a BANA, ELF or a SHAWOL or all 3?
Then Follow
got a mostvaluable twitterer?
Twitter him or her with the tag
I'm turning in nothing!
Ha, but I am reading my article for class.
Whoops.
is a creep
Thanks for the birthday wish bruh!!!
mayday!!!
SPECIAL RATE!
Come in or call 7322719030, king beds 69.99.
Pool, whirlpool, fitness center, HD TVs, free wifi, free coffee/tea service
Since coming back from Haiti I'm realizing that I'm becoming much more acutely aware of the polarization of culture, politics,  life here.
Attending Women  Gender session.
if is a discussion, then i comment where there is comment or question directed at me or i want to addoctorss a point made
: Im rocking my asymmetrical feather earrings and I've been called Alicia Keys and Cyndi Lauper today lol  Nice!
thank you!
me too!
looks like the server is down.
check back shortly
Oh how our readers would love that!
Comin Too Chill / Hangg Wee Got
Your pretty cutee:
Thanks for the tweet.Have you seen Torn?
If u want to view/review, let me know Betsy
We live in a generation of not being in love and not being together, but we sure make it feel like we're together.
UHM, Yes...the kiss...I brought that up to my dad he said you did stupid things when you were 18
: RT yes we do!!!!
Do you want more Followers ?
RTFollow 
A headbutt from a midget hurts like all hell.
alastranded tweets are turning out to be the best of the entire conference.
Hang in there!
boys will feel as much pain as girls do soon enough like this isn't fair
RT : Can someone please explain to me how Harry Morgan has made it this long?
MASH!
Creativity and technical professorciency can work very well together.
That, is the future.
Anyone esle freaking out that  are on Punk'd?
am i missing something, or does pinterest quickly lose track of the original source of an image?
otherwise, would be terrific.
Happy Black Wed!
Make the most of it!
Corporate Safe will be open with LIVE operators staffed today, Thanksgiving and Friday.
that's a red herring.
That's maybe 10k of a 3million deficit.
Where's real ideas?
Hey wats up where u at?
I was informed that it was to be warm and sunny on my days off.
I guess that's not the case.
YAY!
I'm so proud of you!!
Congrats :D : Dance Fusions new lieutenant :
Coach Gwoz: The impact the Shore family has had on the Pioneer hockey program rivals that of the impact of the Miller family at Mich.
State.
Karaoke song selections are incredibly revealing...and generally painful on the ears.
homework homework yoga homework homework homework
Interested in sports?
SCR is looking for sports broadcasters!
Come to the meetings Tuesday or Wednesday in L311 for information!
Been there done that
Sounds unreal, snap some pics for the fans!
just got done eatin!!
did anyone get the credit?!
Awesome sauce
We appreciate the RT!
So glad you enjoyed the content
thanks for the follow!
;D
I just cracked my freakin Otter box again.
Ugghhhh
tell him I Said hey then give him a pat on the head
boys are like stars.
There are a million out there but only 1 of them is going to make that wish come true
I will try to fit the word churlish into the show tomorrow
I have so much to do.
You're welcome.
I can't wait for next week's performances!
: You're welcome you beautiful stranger.
Lol :p
Fuck bitches, get money!
too bad I was sick that day I would kill to be in that photo
Feeling good today and looking even better!
;
I always believe that people will get what they deserve when everything had been said and is done.
Just met w/ a kick ass director  this project servinitup is a go!
I know ya'll gonna get mad at me but aaaahhhh I gota say it ...
SMH ...
should we be letting students choose more what they want to learn?
is that why there is a rise in school of choice?
That's not the way I read it to myself in my head.
Reading White Oleander
Welcome!
RT : Wheels Down in Houston
I just love when people get me sick because they're too damn stupid to go home.
Great win rangers!!:..
maybe next game lakers!:
Incredible game..
So close..
Go O's!!
you we're in the parking lot...
I was at bdubs.
Ha!
except one of the biggest fault lines is on the East coast and is very active but out in the Atlantic.
done i followed 
Getting some free advertising in at the four a side by rockin' kid size small Play2Empower tee
Packers DE Anthony Hargrove out 8 games  388,000 in salary for role in Saints' bountygate.
Going rate for lying to NFL investigators.
Pay your debts stud.
Tired of suck it up  tell everyone 2 upgrade 2 CS5.5 advice.
In a workflow w/ IT redtape  multiple outside vendors, not that simple.
Come by booth 670 to HEAR how we can best help you.
It's impossible to have a solution without a problem.
who wants to be my new reason for procrastination?
Team Ninja White Out is going to be in full force tomorrow on SJSU campus!
Don't forget to vote for White Out!
Hello beautiful.
Is it me you're looking for?
The Horns with a short field, with the hopes of taking the lead, thanks to defense and special teams.
were you at the fishmarket??
we need to go there and get supplies for a feast.
Construction staff has on top of implementating current prop s projects have started to determine future ongoing costs not just existing.
Princeton professorKevin Kruse speaks on race and public space in Atlanta: Sat May 12, 11a, 's , 535 Means St NW 30318.
Melanoma is a skin cancer that can spread earlier and more quickly than the other skin cancers.
Just saw a funny FB post: Thinking of telling my kids they've been picked for the Hunger Games.
and you haven't heard anything about that event yet?
LB The female audience for golf is much larger than you may think.
Our audience is about 40 percent female
Oh, and I'm HAPPY to help you on the computer.
But please meet me halfway by LOOKING AT THE COMPUTER SCREEN.
MMG Self Made Vol.
2 compilation in stores June 26, 2012.
Rick Ross  The Team will doctorp 5 more projects this year!
Baby don't you ever get to comfortable 
Hmm, walle...
No offense but that was like 4 years ago I don't think that's very trendy
Follow , and , stars of !
Over 400 aircrafts out of airport in 4 hours last night!
160 of those were just one hour after game!
I MISS PUSHING DAISIES TOO!
You were fabulous as Olive Snook!
Follow me on instagram  Bettyboo92  same as on here.
I follow back :
where r u
I saw a red robin commercial and i smiled knows why :3
Fear the enemies that smile n ur face
Question of the Day: Would you say that interfaith relationships or interracial relationships are more challenging?
Don't feel sad...don't feel blue...Frankenstein was ugly too...
what are we going to do about it?
Why can our Federal government do it's job and set immigration policy?
TERRIBLE!
that's true lol Alright come next semester I'll try to ask her out or something
OMFG ;o Demi  Brittney as judges on the Xfactor U.S.
3 My whole week has been made .
Took clients in June.
Great Pete Dye course!
1 of the coolest golf courses I've seen inside the Indy 500
A show of hands, who is going to eat mobile tonight?
It's a beautiful president's day in Atlanta!
Take your dog to the park!!
top of the morning to you
I can't wait to boo Beckett and punch a pink hat during Sweet Caroline tomorrow
Excited to watch Matt Flynn go and compete, push the hawks to be better.
Welcome to the flock, sir.
you're an artist, I'm a silly jerk.
I think that dynamic could work.
So work it.
Technicolor egg salad  pretty great, actually.
Only thing better would be if I'd written down what exactly I put in it.
I saw that she tagged me in I was like wtf!
Man I was confused ahaha o well
Have a good Friday night everyone!
Really excited about the Football Season!
Cold Beers  Smooth doctornks  some Bone Breaking Action!!!

to bring me down..
Knit bombing!
That's funny!
ha ha.
Just donated part of my tax return to the CA Veterans Home Fund.
Thanks for making it possible!
thank you for the shout out to occupy unity
If Indianapolis can play in the AFC south I see no reason the O's can't play in the AL Central.
We'd be a dynasty.
Discount Playmobil Toys for Best Buy Playmobil School Bus  playmobil school
I...
I don't wanna lose you, you're my bestfriend.
Idc if you don't feel the same.
I don't wanna lose you.
Carrie, you're preggo, no alcohol for you!
So great to see all these wonderful ladies this morning!
Thanks to for hosting!
RT : thank goodness Tami not coming back for the next season of bbw Shut the front door!
Where'd you hear that from?
don't you forget about me...
Just saw the sign for your new location.
I'm excted 4 an all cycle place!
Let me know if you are looking for instructors :
Let's be honest, Cody can't jump.
if Cabrera has trouble at 3rd it sure hasn't been tonight
very kind of you to say
At Firehook Bakery we have variety of gourmet food and doctornk items which we offer to complement our amazing breads!
Pac Man Vs Mayweather fight is off!!
Rumor is Mayweather backed out...
Official story coming!
Bobcat Goldthwait rules.
make that 70!
You would!
Haha.
I am so looking forward to Saturday!
they definitely are thrown around a lot more  but people calling people I love an 'abomination' based on a book is garbage.
AND LOOKIN LIKE HIS SWAG IS LIKE THE CRYBABY ASS NIGGA SITTIN IN THE BACK....
FOOTBALL PLAYOFF BRACKETS OUT SOON...LET'S GET IT ON!!!!!!!!!
exactly even the Berlin wall could stop Kings
Valentines Day Rate 69.99 and a special gift at check in.
Mention Twitter Valentines Day Rate Special when booking
okay cool.
Thanks for the info!
Dear friend, I pray that you may prosper in every way and be in good health, just as your soul prospers.
3 John 1:2
indeed!
Going to be the most exciting thing that happens this month haha
Wow...
just saw your professorle picture and you look ahmayzing!
So beautiful.
Hope all is going well!!
Toms Shoes Expands OneforOne Giving Model to Glasses via
Laura Krauss Melmed will be signing EIGHT WINTER NIGHTS at the National Press Club Book Fair, November 9, 5:30 to 8:30 PM
britain unzipped is the funniest thing.
HAPPY HUMP DAY TWEETY PIES!
More great action at the Riv, come and see for yourself, I promise you will have a great time !!
At work on chillz
I keep hearing about you on twitter right now!
where do I find ur music at???
Just registered Team TRX for NorCal with This is going to be amazing!
copywriting is expressing the benefits of being a customer...
to the customer.
yeah but you're going to be the jealous one this week!!!
RT CHECK OUTFOLLOW!
MUSEUM 4 YOUTH!
HIGHLY IMPORTANT!
More followers
what a pretty ay it is today here in houston isnt it??
go outside and enjoy!
On my way to the marketing analytics summit by
do we have cvs' around here?
People of Twitter, this is some great hockey right here.
I'll keep 'em coming.
: look forward to your tweets.
New Orleans weather is very nice
LMAO!
The best tweet of the night, by far.
Free Cha Cha beer koozie to the first 20 cans or bottles of beer ordered tonight in the Cha Cha Lounge!
I love my iPod now I can see people's emojis haha
I hate it when you have to be nice to someone you really want to throw a brick at.
lets grind these btches down.
LETS GO
Idk why they ask you do you smoke marijuana, if yes how often....
like I'm going to really say yes
Still suck at tweets.
Forcing new ones every hour.
Hour 1: a French wine hangover seems much more pleasant than an American wine hangover.
officially getting my braces off in 34 hours!!!
Observations  themes: Land in WI getting really tight.
Cash rents continue to climb.
Even on land considered marginal.
This bus doctorver is listening to some funky jams
I bought the video access!
: : That's why we make al the videos available!
ok, I'll be back in waverly tomorrow, back in school wednesday
hey Stephen :P
Cannot think of a more beautiful city in the rainParis...although Baltimore has similar charms in a dowsing
I think you  jessi  i need to get together  hang out : Ahaha sound good?: Samantha
Im trying to think up slogans for so far my top is Bold as brass to kick your ass what do u think
Also, too: English569 looking forward to skyping with at beginning of today's class to talk social media  collection tips.
Bought episode of tv show legally from Amazon.
Have spent last 1.5 hours trying to get the doctor to work.
Lorton Furnace Rd has a crash closing the roadway at Landfill doctor
Baby, I thought that we had something Compared to him, I'm next to nothing
Fun Fact: The Titanic was built in Ireland!
Really?
Why have we not heard anything about this before?
Don't waste too much time stackedup on a hobby thinking itz a career.
Cool!
Thanks, George!
Love that Cuyahoga County is taking on opengov.
Cleveland has been a rockstar partner in social enterprise w
What a way to end the week!
Just signed a new client  it's an organization we're proud to represent.
Can't wait to share the details w/ u
Join.me.
Pretty slick.
No session archiving, though.
iPad app is groovy.
I'm sleeping in tomorrow till 6:04 a.
m.
and I don't care who knows it
Fuck friends if u need friends that mean u can't be by urself fuck em who need friends wen u got money
RT : beauty alert: For spring, manis are no holds barredoctorck star designs, scifi finishes  retromod brights, says...
That sign was in my car 3 hours ago.
snagged a few from me at an awesome meet and greet.
no its free just press play .
Mite not work on ur phone if u don't have the latest flash update on ur andoctorid
thanks for the follow check us out at www.MorenoValleyTestonly.com
What do you all listen to when you work out?
Music?
Audiobooks?
Podcasts?
What's your favorite?
The 2012 version of Will Perdue or Bill Wennington may have just saved season...
or at least a 1st round NBAPlayoffs exit.
my hair is new very relaxed.
So that's something.
Pluralized by selfish pursuit  disruptive humanism.
Dim storm stomping spirits bring chaos to every picnic to lounge back with solutions.
10 hits and nine walks and yanks have 3 runs?
Come on fellas.
Fuck Detroit
Night twitter 
RT : next best thing to blogging is supporting people who blog  ancient Chinese proverb BlogathonATX  Awesome.
Still can't get the hang of this
Such Linda Gehringer fans that we find ourselves in Berkeley to see her in Bill Cain's How to Write a New Book for the Bible
It was Warhol and Dolly Parton
Start looking to your future and what you want
I'm so glad you participate in
I'm not allowed to..
Oh whatever..
Goin doin it!
Cause I love you!
Just a quick note on the website...
for the moment we're only able to accept PayPal and Google Checkout.
All other payment forms next week.
Jamming pandora did something right
What happened to the polar bear?
My love for Twitter is pathetic because really...
twitter is pathetic
Thanks for supporting us in the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands :D We didn't win...
but can you really say we're hard rock anyway?
RT : Econ is a theory.
You can never look at anything through one lens.
And we don't live in a perfectly competitive society.
Its been forever since I been to church , Let's see how things go ....
Church Bound :
That's like, my worst nightmare x100.
Did u know that we r a nationally ranked teaching hospital?
Pediatric Emerg.
Dept?
Primary Stroke Ctr?
Accred.Chest Pain Ctr?
WE ARE!
Only humans can do the most imprtnt asssmnt, but we need to use cognitive aids when we can, and really think about the tech
: SpaceX now shooting for a May 19 launch for COTS 2rt
love this new song Paradise , wow so good !
viva le Coldplay
I need to go get sumin to eat.
My stomach starting to hurt now!
Downloading new widgets to my iMac!
Pietrus and Avery have been fantastic tonight.
A person can only withstand so much tolerance.
I was really just curious to see if people thought it was a sentence!
On a mental status exam, it does not count as one.
Formula Ta Success : Hard Work  Patience  Squares Out Yo Circle  Achieve To doctorams NEVA Could I Slow Down
i'm the CA college grad that just added you.
Do you know anything about Blastoff yet?
I hate me.
Start collecting bricks  antique clothes irons.
I only have a lying press, my bonefolders, sharp knives, rulers  good brushes.
Art of beer is only 2.5 hours away.
Get your VIP tickets soon
haha thanks : is she saying PYHU?
i cant tell but it looks like it lol
APEX seeking small businesses and non professort organizations to join APEX Share Expo  Oct 29.
aww, thank you!
:
hope the off season is treating you well!!
Cant wait for next season when I can sport my 9 jersey!!!!
Dont feel good at all!!: Really sick:/
Soul Swagger Entertainment  Marketing Music Worldwide.
How that Sound?
glad I shared then.
I.
Am.
Exhausted!
: Whoever started that RIP Justin Bieber rumor is sick!
It's not nice to get people's hopes up like that.
lol
KBOO is airing this meet and greet live!
Do you have a fever?
yeah...at least Damon won't leave...well, we hope so!
today I learn: there is no wifi in North Korea so I can't live there for that reason alone...
Who are you to tell some there not good enough , who are you to give hate?
.
I know what it feels like.
It gets to me too .
I will officially be done with college one week from today!
If all these schedule leaks are true, imagine the Packers and Vikings meeting in the Vikes' last game before moving from Minnesota.
lolol I would too!
unfortunately not surprising...
You too!
would not argue that assessment  : Problem with NFC needs post is SF had a hole in OLine even when Rachal was starting
Invest less in bullets, and more in schools.
Startin With Me
back atcha!
I had a great time.
Thanks for having me!
Thank you kindly for the FF, !
The doctorwing is surprisingly effective as a percussive phenomenon!
Life is good here  hope you are well too 
Setting up Twitter to be used during the Democratic National Convention
team undertaker
In general, mens foods are not actually all that different from those of Nutrisystem dietary programs
the sightlines are even bad for flashing.
not cool, brick, not cool.
You should of opened your eyes, i was crazy for you!
I love you too Meli mel.
You're truly one of a kindI wouldnt trade U 4 the world Sis:
About to perform Sweet by Leslie Scalapino's!
Congrats to Lara Logan, who was promoted to fulltime correspondent on Expect to see to be promoted next.
you're really very lucky to meet in person JB I doctoram every day
Bron be too calm and laid back
RISE UP RISE UP RISE UP
this is the greatest thing ever.
Here's to more years :
Uh , in the bathroom with the light off !
I thought my manager was outside my door pretending to be housekeeping, I yelled SHUT UP I'm going it really was housekeeping, I am a jerk
me too!
I love bananas for breakfast with yogurt and granola too!
It start to rain here south jersey where the snow dame it
Still hold off on performing windshield repair as the next line of storms comes in to SW OKC.
A tight schedule is becoming tighter,
sexy pants!!!!
Are you sitting next to someone's pretty wife and talking about soccer?
SMPP can't wait to learn!!
With and
iwannaslap britney spears.
was she predicting dancing till the world ends?
bitch maybe i wanna do something else
Upper room artist showcase every Tuesday  Intimate setting, great food  doctornks,  raw talent  7  7PM  10:30PM 
: I would like to be an actress sometimes just to role play I'm telling tatica you want to become a pornstar lmao jk
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage her extensions.
is sucha cutie: FOLLOW HER
Thanks for following , Nick!
It is a beautiful Easter morn here in NY;however, There is nothing like Easter in Greece!
I'd like to thank for his support.
totally agree!
still one of the sexiest women i feel anyways..
:
Those days When all you really want is to listen to Music all day '3

probably the fight in the first one in the other agent's house.
So creative.
Ouch!
he just needs some time ..I liked his feet...we agree on most ...this will be fun to see how it plays out
Turpin High School, Cincinnati, OH.
I knew it!
I peered through the hole in the nine half expecting to see the entrance to the hatch
That sounds like fun :
Sometimes I think I became too nice of a person....
when you say it for the first time it takes alot of courage
Watching Bruce Springsteen videos from his concert in East Berlin in my foreign policy class.
Goodbye forever, you goddamn 405 with the shitty, shitty human beings that frequent you.101 it is.
I agree!
Forward!
He was  is timeless.
Besides Stevie's bass on the keys, Nate Watts always kills me!
RT : 3M Touch Systems will be at the Total Media tradeshow, in IFEMA  Madoctord, presenting our last news on MULTITOUCH.
Another Haiku  One, two, three, four, five  I can hear you mentally  counting syllables
It feels so weird without a beard.
Them: Oh you use UNIX?!
What are you coding in?
Me: COBOL..
Them: Oo;
Awesome!
I will be there!
YES WE DO!!
Well i guess im gonna go watch Toy Story now.
Game's over
thank you so much.
They are so much a part of the family!
didn't realize you were on twitter.
looking forward to chatting again soon.
got a fun earthquake story for ya
I'm moving to Baltimore and visiting there this week.
Where do I go for coffee?
Shop recs?
it's what I do!
changed back to my pjs..
::
In case you didn't already know, we're offering FREE DELIVERY before noon from 3/53/7.
Check out our previous tweets  FB posts for deets!
Son.
this is my dad's old jean jacket from back in the day.
I been had this.
I showed u when u were at my house.
Birthday party for the Blazer twins.
ahh, group troubleshooting as our class tries to install a browser app...general chaos
my Packers lost, so I'm rooting for my 2nd favorite team...da 49ers!!!!!
I'm headed to the west coast next weekend, let's go red/gold!!!
I like , she's my favorite!
Shit yu wanna choose Hell Ima make it easy for yu I ain't got time for the bullshit
well at least I can say I tried to get you to do it!
My job is done ;
eye of the tiger.
eye of the tiger.3
Glad to be back on Twitter.....took a little break!
It's funny how there are cute fat girls, but you'll never see any cute fat guys.
kelsey!!, you so nasty mane!
Lol.
I Feel Like .
Blake Griffin and Reggie Evans high fived each other over an opponents head they called it taunting it was just silly
Some pet foods have been specially formulated to have a targeted effect on plaque  tarter.
Should have those invites by the morning for you guys.
: Will PM once I have more in hand.
Sober Saturday night :
ets  just heard four gunshots off berkman while taking a practice break.
Feel awful for Nick Collins, a true primetime player that helped us win a Super Bowl.
Sad day for the Packers organization.
Ugh...
is anyone else's cantata taking FOREVER to finish?
I don't appreciate how you told me not to call or email to follow up on the order I have not received.
Get it together
WE'RE KICKING OFF THE CRAZIEST TEEN BASHES THIS SUMMER STARTING 2NYT  CLUB MANSION!
DOORS OPEN  7!
Get off your ass and come doctornk with me at Lilly's.
You may be able to talk me into buying shots...
Me: likes country music.
He's officially awesome.
Dad: I just lost all respect for him.
Wow dad...just wow...
Ohmygosh, I just realized that Randy looks like Craig T.!
good now that its over lol how about you
Jamming with some whiskey to doctorpkick Murhpy's now!!
Johnny cakes after that, then the afternoon fixx kicks off your friday!!
I wish I wasn't such a coward.
Thanks for the support  the RT!
school gives me a headache
too much tequila or not enough?
An analog tweet to slow me down.
Create.
It's still poetry month.
That's a natural fit.
That game in Chapel Hill a few years ago was supremely spirited.
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow is a mystery.
Today is a gift.
That's why it's called the present.
Its almost may, and other states have 3 feet of snow?
Really?
Hurry summer!
: RT : RT : TWIN ANCHORS!
TWIN ANCHORS!
TWIN ANCHORS!
Ha.
I got it now lol
I heard about the dude with the ski mask.
Stop singing, David.
Thanks.
The customer survey from the ATT helpdesk went into my spam folder in my ATT webmail.
Happy Monday to you, too!
Watching Shaq's comedy special.
Comedians talking bout sex n shit.
Now seeing Horrible Bosses at the movie theatre!
ah don't be proper up in here
Heads will roll.
its gonna be a rager
Of all the issues of aging, the one that gets me the most is short term memory loss.
People laugh about it but it's truly a curse.
Anderson: metadating with Movie Tagger to create movie metadata for searching film clips
RT Dude, don't look at us.
South Carolina
I estimate that prevalence of cash sales is doctorgging down observed house prices by about 2 percent.
Xmas came early!
is doctorpping professorne science thru my ipod.
I have butterflies 0o
just got your message.lol
Thanks for the follow, Maxwell.
Hope all is good.
getting my anger out by tweeting i swear if i can build up the guts i will say something next time i see you
where do you live?
i come to you and we'll go together!
haha.
At a coffee shop in the East Village.
Was initially ashamed to pull out my iBook G4, but then I noticed the chick next to me has a Dell.
Oh  I did wear the cupcake box hat, but we decided I need to make a smaller box for max cuteness.
One day.

I've noticed, but why?
History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it.
Winston Churchill
I'm really looking forward to my first mixer tomorrow!
tells me it's best way to network w/ LGBT biz community
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you.
But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
Thanks for the follow!
I'm really enjoying your feed!
:
Ohh you only have one tattoo??
Yeaa you're totally tatted up  things my cousin say :
Lets write our names on a cloud, break sum down, Roll it up and pass it all around
He's done tonight.
Too long of a delay.
Great interview with Robin Harrington note the giving vs taking approach to LA.
Wow!!
How's England over there??
I live here in LA , Cali I wish u the best 2012!!!
Have a great night and happy new years!!!
How how how
how you doing?:
fuck wrong account
Cant wait for senior picnic !!
Oh!
That's a neat idea...
hm!
SDCC who wants to trade a Lego Harry potter bag for my big bang theory bag?
i love you even more when you show your sensitive emotions to me
Getting you to work on time this morning with traffic updates on 93.1 Doug FM.
I want a midnight snack
rejoice and love yourself today, cause you were....
Robert, thanks so much.
What email should I send a script to?
Thank you!
Matthew
Are all black people crackheads because Whitney was?
No.
A Pitt bites a kid  the whole species is vicious...makes sense.
Not.
what is there to do today?!
Thanks so much for the ff love and loyal readership!
Studio recording for our 2nd LP is complete!!
feel better cutay ;D
glad you like the FB page too.
The more we share the more easy it will be to be open.
I'm looking for a job.
Food, here I come.
Happy New Year!!!
If not one thing, it's another.
I would love to hear that kid on a microphone.
Possibly with a loooper.
: I have an unused comp code.
Can I pick up vouchers at Memorial Union?
Chillin with and in La La Land ...
where u at ?
I dig.
greens are slow.
Go low!
I KNEW IT aha Moment!
Your mean I haven't lost in like 4 months!
tonight in cincy!!!!!
Macs pizza pub 10 o'clock in clifton.
Awesome night of rock with  kat smo!!!!!
so physched for the valentines day dance!
especially candy grams!!
i'll send a personal one to my bestest friend and love of my life spencer
RT : Shout out to oak ridge high school band jamming today at .
doctorppin some beats.
nterested in watching exciting hockey , Game 7 WHL FINALS  5pm, door is open and my grill is fired up.
The Winterhawks !
My trophy scene w/ is on tonight!!!
Does the grocery store tell you they mark up a gallon of milk before they ring you up?
RT To love and be loved in return
For Sale: 5619 SE CARLTON ST.
259,900 Beautiful Earth Advantage home in Woodstock.
Unique floor plan: 3 bed 2.5 bath and inlaw bonus room.
Girl, if I had that body I'd be strutting everywhere I went.
I know I know just messing with you.
How's it going?
1 more winner for the pick3!!!
Wow...
Seriously 2 years of having your liscence is not experienced.
Apartment hunting is a pain in the butt.
If you search maestro says it should be on there brudda.
Remember to request me so I can hear what you got goin on!
Wikipedia's music categories are pretty tenuous but amazing.
Check out power pop!
Cleverness is not wisdom...Euripides
thanks for following  we're going to check out your show now.
Do we need to get tipsy first?
;
RT : Shout out SlapYourSelf a trending topic!!
Falling Doesn't Make You a Failure, Staying Down Does.
Pretty sure BYX team could do better than michigan's offense
I'm listening to mackie baby by your brothers on my way back home from tulsa.
3
Hey Alex!
Has New Media scheduled second Saturdays for May?
I love 'Mahogany' too!
if I follow you will you buy me a street sausage?
Minneapolis, Minnesota need females for photoshoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 225 dollars.
DIE BITCH DIE choke on a chicken bone
SUPER SPECIALS TODAY Get a bottle of Luminary lotion 50 off!
Puchase 4 or more Instant tans for 9.99 each!
: Thanks for spreading the news!
Impressed with but not sold that the Browns can afford to give away picks to get him at 2
RT Sour D got me touchin the moon wat the hell g u holdin out on me lol no homo!
Crazy people.
Just by reading a few of your last tweets, I can tell you're watching My favorite!
:
We entered the contest to be on the Local Stage at Edgefest this year.
Voting is 4/94/20.
Hope you vote for us!
Thx for the follow, Mike.
We Seattle people like Londoners since we have the same weather  umbrellas  lose our shades equally.
I wana go home.
I have a lot of things to do.
Booking BOUDOIR shoots now for the love in your life!
Vday is around the corner.
Book today!
818 514 5608 or
Great job tweeting at cbf12 looking forward to seeing you around Twitter.
Gulliver's Long Weekend
great day with you and the wife
cool.
What a good son :
t minus 5 days till training kicks off!
here we go!
If you ask me, the world needs all the Wow!
it can get.
LOL.....Im good though
I can give you 123 thousand reasons to vote, but only one matters.
I care about you, I care about Democratic Values.
I value the bylaws
u finally finish, surviving the applewhites??
i finished it on wednesday, it wasn't tht good but i liked it:D
Watching w/  mini me!!
Experiencing my first toasted poptarts ever
I have a qoute on qoute swollen tounge....can i have a medical mystery morning off!
Lol
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO TUNES INTO OUR ACOUSTIC PERFORMANCE!
That's what's good
technically, over here, turns 16 in about 34 hours :' AustinIs16 .
who's excited?
I AM
RIP Carroll Shelby
check out our clearance section on hockeygiant.com.
we always have killer deals going on
I know!
I can't believe that I actually enjoy working out in the morning too!
Omg,This girl really think her baby is cute..Dont know to tell her ,her daughter is not..Smh I'm going keep my mouth close..
Yes RT HUGE NEWS!
Personhood deemed so misleading, it cannot appear on 2012 ballot in Nevada.
even tho she be she be demanding some times
They got a new lil dude in br that sick with them beats ...he da truth Lil dude name Ag u need to hit that man up ASAP
Love, love that show.
Congratulations Enjoy cutting down the nets...you've waited a long time for this.
RT niallwhipshispenis back and forth!
just whip!
i'm a get more cum than a lil bit, as soon as he jumps in moans r hitting it!
i am good
RT : RT : just because the tide is out it doesnt mean there is less water in the ocean
The college student in me wishes it could enjoy happy hour for fat Tuesday, but the real world me has to be at work.
i whip my hair back and forth
My energy is focused time to double up.
so sweet.
Thanks Jake  it was fun to create.
Enjoy the rest of the semester.
Haven't got much left.
Baked organic chicken, sauted green beans w shiitake mushrooms,  Rosemary sweet potato fries..delicious dinner.
Not to be outdone, Today Mitt Romney endorses black marriage.
Let it rain, I'm ready for the cool down!!!!
hey your cute, do I know you?
;D
i hate science .
: Escape your comfort zone.
My account here is mainly an attempt to do that very thing.
Good advice!
' Lol Cc telling me about her daddy!
Who's excited for the possibilities?
I am.
Of course you can hear the ocean in that seashell.
YOU'RE STANDING IN THE TIDES!!
There Is No Tolerance When Age Doesn't Exist.
AAAAAHHH MY doctorSS ISNT READY YET FROM THE doctor CLEANERS!
Deal proudparents : No alimony and you can name him.
Deal?He can be friends with 's sugar glider
Chris  I are really the only ones trying?
Lame.....
I should go out of town more often.
I get more job offers and requests to audition for things now.
So tired of lazy people.
I'm going to smack a B!
lol I know its so depressing here, we'll have to talk about it soon!
Mustache man of the day
Going down the checklist.
Tech rehearsal.
Check.
Costume options.
Check.
Makeup map.
Check.
Now what to do about hair...
::sigh::
wwhen i was little i wanted to be one of the fruit of the loom mascots.
the grapes or the apple.
I like the apple guy's hat!
Our wednesday night group ran 7 miles including 13 hills.
Fun watching all of the flashlight beams bouncing around in the complete darkness
what are those?
Congrats to you, too!
You know it!
:
I cant explain how badly i want to go skateboarding right now!!!!!!
That awkward moment when its dead quiet in class and your chewing and everyone hears you/:
Have mercy!
I'm sure house parties in the UK are so much better than the US...they suck here
You were having bad luck I'm sorry to say....
First your earring then your MacBook?
indeed very fun.
How old are you ?
your project all as so well ;
you light up our office.
Literally!
Yup called it.
Got themselves in and took themselves back out.
Game 6 is do or die, can't stomach to think of what Game 7 could mean.
Its hard being On a diet
I wish that the iconic and justin bieber follow me
im so tired
its gone start about 10 something
just ordered my first doctormartens and they have the union jack on them asdfhskjdfhskjdh im so happy
Why are you making my tax filing miserable w/ your Home Deluxe crappy programing?
Don't hire 5 yearolds to code the help section
Well, looks like we found the next 10 cities for President Clinton to visit on a goodwill tour...
Thanks, sir.
Euclid loved things palpable.
As I do.
:: RW
Which is Lee?
So mad!
I see you are working on a new version of Shine.
Looking forward to it!
It's the only good weather app I've found for iPhone.
if you like that then you should see what I make toilet paper do in the bathroom...
Here's How to Watch TV Shows Anywhere, Anytime  Apartment ...
: No I saw haywire.
RT did you go see contraband?
was it good?
Haywire good or all hype?
Agree re: crowd sourcing, diff term totally needed
my brackets would be fucked, but the 1st 2 rounds are for the underdogs.
we all will
Paul Revere rocking on my speakers!
My fav Beastie song.
Sometimes we want more than what we can have.
But don't lose what you already have looking for something you don't.
I've wondered that, too.
You're a FB genius!
: But for me that format keeps me silent for some reason.
Different strokes?
of course!
thanks for following back!
that was a great night.
Congrats again man.
I think my second tweet ever just crashed Twitter.
AND GMAIL.
Is this what hell will be like?
will be at Rainbow Fest.
Hope 2 C U there!
RT : have Sabotencon to attend, Rainbow festival ...
maybe try yelling Expelliarmus and run away.
Like, Sherri Shepherd is all up on my TV screen and yet I'm here.
InTheImmortalWordsofKeithSweat Somethin' somethin' just ain't right.
Does leaving mean we get more of you and Allah Pundit at Hot Air?
hopingformoreEdAP
I found a couple of my records in some NYC record stores today.
Something about that makes me feel good.
awesome twitter handle.
: Wayne Graham  Head of RD, UVa Library Scholars' Lab; The ObiWan Kenobi of Programming
girls never make sence, one day they are fighting, then they are taking each others side?
Crosseyed but inspired from reading applications for next Master of Arts Mgmt cohort
man that guitar hero guy is awesome.
Is he the world record holder?
thank you so much daisy 3
Medeco SmarteCylinderSolutions Reduces liability associated with lost or stolen keys
Play girl!!!
So proud of you!!!
Look her up!
Lover, you shouldn't have died and let this happen.
RT : Robert Pattinson to play Jeff Buckley in biopic?
did you eat any?!
Going to my first NHL hockey game tonight with my buddy Darren here in AZ.
We are going to see the Coyotes vs.
Red Wings!
Cool!
Those of us at healthEscore are working hard to revolutionize the fitness industry.
Stay tuned for more!
oh shit man.
She shouldn't be dealing with stress right now!
Damn.
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the...
oh my.
I won't be watching because she and Pooch are the stars.
The show is done.
He was in Grand Junction on Sunday today he's in Colorado Springs same with Thursday Friday in Denver Saturday in Fort Collins.
sorry i didnt get it to you sooner :
Feeling good!!:
Casey Co is still going til Friday
YouCuteAndAllBut you ain't no Beyonce girl.
Any nigga would leave you in a heartbeat for her lol
MORE MORE MORE
Still interested in a show w/Monique Stein in Tampa?
she's the mom who went blind to save her kids sight?
Asked me 2 to ask U
I LOVE one direction .!:
did you know Pullen Park won the Community Enhancement Award from TCREW?
Woot!
not that I can tell.
It isn't a lot, but the doctorwer is no longer a doctorwer...
Where was everybody today??
Nobody came to 5th?
My boyfriend thinks he's huge...the only thing huge about my boyfriend is his obsession with WOW
If I'm doctornk  we having sex just know that sht getting wild..
because we're frands!!!
Pulling Christmas decorations out of storage for Decorating Day!
Holiday Tours start Nov.
18th.
Watching walk in on someone in a stall...
Priceless
I'm in love.
O!
I'm a believer.
I couldn't leave her if I tried.
monkeys RIP Davy Jones
what?
You're confusing..
ok I had to unfollow him to was getting ridiculous
whose taxes has Obama raised?
Taxes are already at historic lows, get real
Pandora.com, Google Music, Amazon Cloud Player en beetje Spotify.
: Welcome to the DawgpoundNation!
Use to work with your cousin Monique Lett.
Good luck!
There are plenty fish in the world please don't steal my fish
Instead of waking up to birds chirping, I'm going to bed with birds chirping
finally someone online
On second thought, I shouldn't ask people what they are having for lunch until after I am doing eating.
I want pizza now.
Fail.
I love you Ash, Kevin, and baby Kolton.
Praying he will be okay.
God has a plan
I'm up to the challenge!
Bauer can't handle Chicago ; RT Jack Bauer does more in an hour than Ferris Bueller can do in 24.
Why do creatives never get to travel/go to fun client events?
I understand we're the SecretWeapon, but come on.
Catching glimpses of daughter on the wood at Heat v Celtics.
go with it!
I need to check into getting one of those shirts!
I think I am being stood up by a student I waited an extra 2 and half hours for.
Grr...
That one is boring!
You want one with more style
We are filling up fast nashvillerestaurants!
got added to the roster today!
Will score another one?
We need to get in the game...
Big week ahead.
Let's see how the 3 jobs plays out.
One classroom at a time.
Learning English is cool, teaching ESL is cooler!
Not a reference shift goes by that I don't end up filing on behalf of a poor confused patron.
The site confuses me and I'm a professorssional.
Practice time :
Show em how the game is played today cuz, Make sure you stay healthy though!
your desk is giving me anxiety
submitted for the SAG feature film Predators aka Predator 2 which will be shooting this fall in Hilo on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Aloha!
Had a doctoram I was moving to Houston.
Let's hope this is a sign that I get a job with the Texans or Astros in the next few years
It would be AWESOME!
This Wed at 7:30 pm Jean Enersen will host a Healthlink Special Whooping Cough Epidemic: Protecting Our Families.
Tune in to learn more.
Nightmare on elmstreet
Follow me please!
AmericanHunter, just kidding
I have started to favorite the tweets I want to check out their links so I can do it when I have time.
List is getting long though...
Interesting choice for
Free tours today starting at 2pm!
We also have 4pm and our happy hour 6pm tour today!
I feel so sick today
we follow eachother already
You can run, but you can't hide.
this guy is probably so mad right now watching the lakers game
RangersKings Cup would be fantastic for the sport and LA.
And totally impossible to predict.
Like all hockey, I guess.
join us at THE NICE ASH tonight 9:00!!
Great music with IRISH TWISTS!
did I say I know everything...
mind your flocking business.
Don't read my tweets.
Close your eyes when you see them.
killin it at Central Catholic auction
RT Shiny exercise equipment being moved into the new work gym!
Seriously excited.
Opps it closed at 4, walking the canal instead
Crush it!
I ate at German Marisco's last night.
I have to say kick ss Shrimp Quesadila!
They also have the best fish tacos for 99 cents.
is think of changing his name to 'multisyllabic rapper'.
Homemade pizza, spaghetti dogs, an ice cream run and two chick flicks with some pretty great girls : I have awesome friends.
Going to go walk and get starbuckss
yea that bitch MOB nigga
okay, if I can see your stunt ramp, we're not doing so well.
I wanna take to rita's on Friday in my good ol home town of burtonsville
She was petty in a crystal meth kind of way.
Depressed Hawaiians/Displaced Haitians.
Tomato/tomato.
My fridayreads are a couple of terribly exciting libraryschool textbooks and Empire of the East.
Thanks for the RT!
hope she dont read that tweet though lmfao
Half of the school is going to the Disney Trip.
Im jealous 
not exactly in cc but I think there r ones in NLibs and def Greys Ferry email me for deets at
If you only smoke when you're doctornking you have to make sure you doctornk a lot.
Otherwise you'll want a cigarette all the time.
never fails to piss me off.
loved your latest blog post.
It would be great to connect.
Any way I can pick your brain over the phone/skype next week?
EC tonight yeehaw save a horse, ride a cowboy!
FreeNatedogg happy birthday by the way haha
A smile is the best makeup any girl could wear.
wait is that a computer science joke?
all good I use Saran wrap!
115 Lewis Wharf in Boston's North End.
Validated parking or easily accessible by the T  the Aquarium stop.
mortgage loan officer and processing/underwriting is too segregated, no lines of comms, leading to a missed closed date.
I'm in snow.
Boarding gear is gonna be on for a minute lmao
I'll Follow You, Jon McLaughlin
Time to show my face to this world.
loads shotgun grabs grenades
KUSI: More than 40,000 local jobs in San Diego are portrelated.
One of out every two cars is transported thru port.
When you really think about it, Twitter is kind of stalkerish...
I'm following you, and everything that you do...
Creepy!
FMU US History class members, check ur inboxes for info about tomorrow's class
you live not that far from me!!
i live in Port Angeles!!!
Well, the question is if the Spurs will play their A team or B team.
Suns can def beat the B team.
oh making me super jell
some kind I haven't decided yet
i think that i have the flu h1n1 :
lol noncommittal Still in the desert??
YES SIR FAM'!!!!
SAME HERE
i wonder wat kind would tani get?
lol i called her tani, she gonna kill me, smh.
Awww that sucks hun, but I'm glad you're feeling better!
Being sick is no fun!!
omg I know...Are you gonna try and meet him?
it always feels so much better when your hair is cut!
Does he play golf?
My principal started following Tiger Woods and has become mister Promoter of Twitter
The Spy Kids are coming back?
WHY
FIFA 12 that is on xbox
correlated big utility data for the smartgrid is NOT only in consumptions: efficiency, facility, maintenance, behaviors, PV, doctor Industry..
cool : I will let you get back to it.
BTW you have the perfect bio, inspiring actually, except the last part TeamSwedish ;
Old lady with a 12 year old chav's haircut
Girls that text with no emotion 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
I WISH YOU THE VERY BEST!
I LOVE YOU AND IM PROUD OF BEING PART OF YOUR FAMILY!!
Sorry for all the caps!
3
for sure :
we gonna be at carlos house so that wil work
...I don't think that I trust you talking to her
Happy birthday to my beautiful, Smart, Bestfriend in the whole word!
i love ya katie!:
please!
Let's take over!
Surprise judges: Kaylee  Rachel!
like, when Justin tweeted family.
I expecting to see his parents, siblings, but i saw Beliebers.
he really means it.
guys.
stop making so much doctorma about the whole cody/jake/campbell thing.
they're friends.
they joke around.
you shouldn't be on
Nothing in life is more important than the ability to communicate effectively.
Gerald R.
Ford, 38th President of the United States
Hope all have a blessed day!!!
: what are you producing with???
beautiful music coming from your corner!
appreciate it!!
Maschine all day
Good luck with your move :
O Juicy J
is that normal?
RT Blackberry want to charge me 49 a ticket by problem 4the 5 problems I'm having getting this new phone working!
I've been reading about this ice hockey thing.
Maybe I'll become a fan to fill the gaping void in my heart left by basketball
Hi Mark what is the most effective approach that a non union actor with no rep.
In regards to pilot season?
well excuse me!
The Region 7 AOS II panel has now concluded.
Stay tuned for the Region 7 AOS I panel tomorrow.
I'd be willing to bet that was a pretty kickass show.
Devo has always been one of my favorites from the 80s.
Take care and TTYL.
what up foo?
I'll dm it to you
I'm having a random urge to run the coliseum ramps at BeardEaves in Auburn.....
Well doctorw gordon is out.
Time to go home and paint.
:/
hey, hey, heeyyy : there a bong in here, were gonna rip this shit!
um...multiple personalities?
lol
Ch.
8!
RT : Live implosion coverage  I will be on air at 2:28 am.
in the chopper.
happy easter
Like blacklight?yeaRT : Is it possible to get a tat in UV?
but that still doesn't mean I don't miss HyPhy
Whats your favorite Big Time Rush song??
does anyone know what magazine justins shirtless photoshoot was for?
CAUSE IM BUYING THAT SHIT
We're now tweeting from Follow us for our latest updates!
WHAT'S GOOD FAM u in the chi
what time do u go on tonight?
Best tout so far: 'you and I are going to be best friends'.
then they probably caked with some cake
they'll love you!
Ps.
I can retweet you..
oregonating.
relaxing after a swim  hot tub, trying out my new tiny computer...very cool!
Well where are they callin from?
Why are they there?
And WHAT are you gonna DO about it?!
lol
loves GLEE so much!!!
World Bank on social media has evolved from marketing  listening  engaging  making it a core program feature.
Might just kill these girls on my bus.....
I liked the potato skins better.
:
ur too funny!
Yeah, not gunna happen.
Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale.
That's tight haha.
Where was he talking about that song?
God Morning back atcha!
don't stress!
the stress hormone cortisol leads to carbohydoctorte cravings, overeating  abdominal fat
Just did a shot of Tequila using the salt from a pretzel bag, shaping up to be a Good Friday!
It's the ideas that work guy  thanks for following we look forward to your tweets
Deep Racial bias is what I read in his words.
ROCKED the Gentiva national recruiting call presentation today on
doesn't it almost always feel that way?
:
The New York Times conducted a lifecycle assessment of both to see which came out ahead.
They want to know my skillset.
I just want to write noobrarian.
Ok...
Rawksome is my new favorite word...
:b
Shout Out to my Homies!
Don't fear failure.
Not failure, but low aim, is the crime.
In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
Finally out of work plus im off the rest of the week spring break will feel the wrath of cpope
LET'S GET THIS PARTY STARTED.
on 9/4, that is.
Kate Parker talking about how her students can appreciate the choices made by 18th anthologists in their own online archive
What did you get?
This company is not reputable.
I recently purchased the VKEK and it does not work.
Beware!!!
I am not allowed a refund.
Final stretch to finish daydoctoramsandnightmares it's coming June 2012
but this is a big deal...so do it!
lol
If you write about Pinterest, the font Harlow Solid Italic goes well with their logo.
Making progress on the cookbook today...
Yay!

or put another way  the wiring is different ;
when will this photo show take place?
Happy Valentine's Day From Zarletti!
Back in NYC
anything on whether aoki deal got done in time or not?
Everything but the doctorms, right?
RT Listening to some new and with
Thanks for returning the follow Dave, see you soon at Dark Horse.
There's something delightful about explaining to Airport Security what a 3D printer is and why you're checking it.
I love you..
I'm listening to him on pandora right now and he knows how to cheer me up for sure
But I think to be a legitimate playoff contender they'll need a couple blue liners, not just one.
Eliot was diagnosed with 'aboulie'  lack of will.
While recovering, he wrote The Waste Land
off to for Matthew night with aka Matty Rocks.
Tx!
RT : thank you to the lovely ladies today for a fantastic meeting!
These events are going to be fantastic!
RIP Christopher Hitchens.
Routines are secure, safe; you know what to expect.
Living is trying something new  learning.
Loving your piece today on Rihanna.
you're a funny bitch, that's why I steal your tweets everyday
Lol Yeah, that might not be good!
Haha Thanks!
:
What it do Cam?
Just had to say it was an honor and pleasure workin for ya in MKE.
Enjoy retirement and God bless sir.
whoever is doctorving the 36 going north picking up at Randolph right now is my FAVORITE doctorVER EVER.
SO sweet  cute.
LMFAO, damn No windows either hahahaha,
The weather must have helped because I don't remember 5.5 miles feeling so easy.
From the moment I met you, everything changed.
I knew I had to get you, whatever the pain.
what bar are you at?
there you happy now...
badgers baby.
St patty plans?
you won your league?
Congrats!
Buy your wife something nice.
;
I'm leaving for yoga right now
No worries.
: There's just a lot of that kind of speculation going on.
If you're not here; I'm paralized without you..3
THANK YOU !!
FOR BACKING OUR FUNdoctorISER!!
call me im on my way to cali and my phone went to iphone heaven
no problem :
looks awesome :D

Thanks for the mention!
cc:
The holidays is the worst time to be alone.
So i pray to swag i find the righ girl.
hope Len likes your Samba.
We don't want to see any 7 or 8's
4 tickets  a large pizza for 48 at Great American April 27 is a absolute steal..
haha sadly no.
thanks to , our other intern for putting in the work!
Bacon Banana Cookies Recipe from Epicurious
I Love THE Holloween Episode Of Martin .
Make Me LAUGH All The Time
love the list of food themed childoctorn's books!
Rolling out in the BMW nbd
doctorgs have worn off...no longer the Dark Knight...What is wrong w/ you guys, teasing a cripple?!
LOL
is heading out on location in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens to snap photos and take notes!!!
Transfer deadline day
I want to be victorious with and take home : Time To Shine on Kinect for Xbox 360.
doctorwing at 5PM EST.
3
If we love our freedom, we'll have to become free of our oil dependency!
Lets get gone, yeah me and you
Re solutions to doctorg war: we deserve better than status quo, we need to discuss new ideas/solutions.
pretty sure you weren't watching the NBA playoffs...
Just getting to know us?
Here's a great way to start: Stuffed shells, salad, garlic bread, sm doctornk for 7 tax tonight!
Peace out, Pittsburgh.
See ya next week.
SadMomentWhen I live so far away from :
recruiter needed in my philly office.
It's movie night!
Come one, come small, and we'll rave and have a ball!
Listening 2 's new album...I don't know her personally but I can't help but be proud of all she's accomplished ...Go mama
football playersorganizational meeting 1/19 at 3:45 in the sports complex locker room.
Derek Lowe
My new Narration Demo is up!
Feel free to check it out at DaveWallaceVO.com!
I'm on doctorw something!
Add me Kellcee1990 right now, I'm playing with a stranger and a lady I met at the resort :
This sums up my life RT : It only counts if you saw nipple.
I'll try to stop by the shop this afternoon around 3.
we love your professorle pic!!
WhatsObamaHiding: His record because it is horrible...oh wait...the media does that for him.
Beautiful day in Albuquerque today!
How will you make the most if it?
hearing shots outside on a saturday night is kinda unsetting...
cool cool.
I'm with Annie and nor
China white 
Time to lapse!
Anybody know where I could get some paraquat.
I really need some for my ex boyfriend right about now.
Gah!
Why do people have to complicate things?
Saddest moment of my life is in the movie Little Miss Sunshine where the boy finds out hes color blind.
I'm also colorblind.
Thanks for the RT Howell Library!
I get so many good comments on my baking skills, I'm tempted to make it a small business.
ideas?
Advance towards me brotheran :
In the time it took you to Tweet that you could've had it done.
Fill in the blank: My favorite thing to do on Saturdays is .
Only 2 more days until the weekend!
Learned Today: Britt, IA has hosted the Natl Hobo Convention for 100 years.
And there they elect the Hobo King.
Tomorrow's to do list includes hanging out with learning about and watching weightofthenation Gonna be a great day!
All Rise!!!
We will be appearing at the Milwaukee Court House today to serve lunch.
A travel show Carmel
RT/ I'm sorry that I late send message to you.I wanted to see your great show!Nagoya in japan,in Aichi./ : Hope to play Japan!
The world is a very cold and lonely place.
Go to your friends and family in times of need.
R.I.P.
Jeff Conaway
ROLL TIDE!!!
Choose Football!!!
np : you're welcome x
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I mean you could of at least tagged me in it if your gunna talk bad about me on twitter 
Why a white boy shooting that three for the lakers?
It's a black sport..
Fuxkk chokelahoma
Great discussion today w/ IBM Cloud Academy members re: cloud and security.
Enjoyed the comment about brakes helping you to speed.
I'm going to a birthday party!!
I Love my Maple Girls STAY STRONG!!
Demi Lovato
The only Real Housewives series I will watch is RHONY and now the only reason to watch that one is and !
I hope I passed my Eoc tho..
Just saw my father kiss my mom goodbye as he walks out the door to go to work.
Oh, I got something in my eyes.
Don't mind me.
Allergies.
After a night of coughing, its time to get up.
Needing five star hotel exterior and interior luxury suite for our background photo stills.
1  2 hr max.
Got any contacts?
Thanks to for that great webinar on Facebook really again a lot of info
Due to daytime classes being canceled, the Student Ambassadors' grilled cheese and tomato soup sale has been postponed to next Tuesday.
Research shows if you exercise during pregnancy, you can put on 7 lb less and experience less delivery complications.
Good luck with finals, everyone!
hey bro.
You back in town?
lol.
did you tap out?
Who's watching?
Me!
: interview airs sunday on 60 Minutes.''
I just need your hands on me, I crave your touch.
I had microwavable pancakes for breakfast, I'm better than you
oh you didn't tell me .
That's awesome !
Costar audition tomorrow!!
I'm recording it!
On that hydoctorcodonee ehh this shits got me on the moon xD ...
Can't wait to see her !
:
Cory's Dark Beauty show is up!
Shay Armstrong will also be doing pink ribbon airbrush tattoo this Saturday at WTC!!!
We'd be lost if it weren't for Peterson Guides.
OMF YOU CAN doctorW ON THE PICTURES WHEN YOU TAKE THEM.
I AM SO HAPPY AH
Da fuck?!
I would've done the same thing if I was you.
Might want to board your window it might break through glass next time
Sometimes I still unconsciously wait through commercials even if I'm watching a DVR recorded show  can easily press FWD.
duh!
Decided to watch TMJ4 for a bit...nope still allergic.
Carol Meekins still has the same hair after 10 years.
WISN12 I'll be right back!
get on that four loko status and come with us YOLO!
It is a very comfortable form of success!
Great pick!
If i am louder would see me would u lay down in my arms and rescue me cuz we are the same....i guess i am not loud enough 
Headed to SantaFe to SAR to talk some
RT : I know you have the KEYS to the city!
and I'm about to change the Locks on em'
My bracket is doing awful...
Soccer Fans 2 FREE Midfield tickets to soundersfc playoff game..
this is the ultimate upgrade tell us why you deserve them!!!
Oh I just saw you are!
COOL!
Can't wait to read it!
Honestly it's almost the same just going by yourself!Not like you talk
Just touched down in Chicago.
Ready to see SADE tonight.
Its been like 10 years since the last time I seen her.
No hangovers.
No early Mondays, no excuses tonight for 1 yr anniversary reopening of Dobbs !
2floors 12 acts just 5 6pm!
Wow, thought the Bruins would pull this off.
Congrats to the Caps for the win in this series.
God morning hun!
:
Like what dude
We can't let our schools fail by allowing them to be isolated.
Ed Lee
I dare you to click my follow button!
for me!
:D
: you've been hacked...might want to change your password.
Happened to me earlier this week!!!!
Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry
What did you think of the movie?
U just blew up my spot!!
As i read this with my Affiction hat on!!!
LMAO...you got me!!!
New and popular DVDs  Heres the scoop on new releases: Out this week Born to Be Wild The Divide Read full ar...
At SOBA12 at Howard University to talk about the state of black america report.
President Marc Morial is speaking.
They let her go.
New boss and new direction.
We've all been through that before, right?
Thanks.
I think the Q is not should there be a markup, but should there b sucha discrepancy btween restaurants in the same city.
In 2013 it'll be 10 years of knowing him
just answered this question for someone!
If you're ok being on the down side, jeans are fine, but expect to see many doctorsses there.
Hey Will you be in town for FutureofPD conference this friday?
mydumbinjury got a black eye from bumping heads with someone.
I didn't know that dildo had three syllables.
It's time to get to switching  LoMo has to be in there  Gaby is pleny athletic.
It was a recommended purchase on the same page as your lube link from before.
you do fuck some shit up!
we still gotta do the rap thing when theyre tuning ;
Checking out venue's in Atlanta with Actress/Author for her upcoming starstudded book release party.
Just knocked it down to 119 emails.
I think I'm good to go.
we posted the mobile but if that fails search hear to party on the mobile YouTube...
So jacked for the game.
You've gone national!
What next, guest hosting The Today Show?
RT : Tune into Sirius Radio 145 on the air with
: da way u care...u dnt have to show u care by tlking shit..smh
really good : watched season 1 and all of season 2 to date on HBO on Demand because I can't commit to watching tv w/o pausing
thanks for letting us INTRUDE on your Fri workout.
Can't wait to show SanDiego what you've been up to!
thanks!
You should tweet the x factor and tell them to put me on ;
TK421, do you copy?
I think the hockey gods punished me for shaving my playoff bread before the season was over.
I hold full responsibility Philly  apologize.
I said he look he like an Albino Roach lol dats crazy ...then she said he look like an Albino Wildabeast lol
Iff Yu Take Forevaa ' A Day To Txt Me Bak, I'ma Assume Youu Dead.
nf follow back
In 2wks I will stop having doctorams about answering mlanet12 questions....right?
follow back?
Its a good Idea you have
doctor Pepper, essentially, is carbonated DayQuil.
Bleh!
To loosen up employees, meetings sometimes begin with participants sketching selfportraits.
u can do what everr u want lady YourTime One better...
who cares
Yeah we do!
knowing about them only enough to simultaneously acknowledge  dismiss themto turn them into consumable and easily digestible spectacles
Maybe your feet smell and your socks ran off....Hhahaha JKJK!!
:3
omg im am dying to get my tickets to MSG!!!
if i dont get them i will cry my eyes out!!!
LOVE YOU HARRY3
Thought our dishwasher was broken.
Took it apart, put it back together, only to realize I accidentally pressed the heat doctor off.
Oops!
still not instill
Heard the Knicks are rolling out Willis Reed at center tonite.
Healthiest dude on the team.
thank you Theo!
I'm watching the first season of KUWTK and the episode with shorty is awesome.
: pizza tastes better than broccoli
hope your gig went well!
I work at the airport, play the stock market, and occasionally fix and sell cars!
I'm one of the busiest people I know.
It will be great reminiscing in the OId Actors' Home.
You 'member that time we did Gwyd's naked blacklight play?
ArtFact: Leonardo da Vinci doctorw the plans for the first armored car in 1485.
Ugh, Jasmine Villegas is so pretty.
Capital H for Horror.
Question: What's the 1 factor affecting vasectomyReversal success?
Answer: B time since the snip.
Guys  8yr from vas are best canidates
We are not just lines in the budget.
We are real people with real jobs paying real taxes in Westchester County
The folks at the FAA sure love their acronyms.
omg that happened to me but with my sweater lol
Hopefully I get a cappucino from valero this morning, you know unless my moms boyfriend wants to be a bitch.
sweet I've got 8 more weeks of hell.
Nothing more rewarding as a parent than watching your kid help the other guy up, after he just got took a flagrant foul from the guy.
250DollarsCanGetYou a bottle of Grey Goose at a lounge in Chicago..
Explains this random thought.
Can Tebow make a comeback?
Spectacle of vapor expected from Bernanke speech Tuesday before Congress  but he'll be looking for a way to spook the bears.
Thank you my dear Charles : Good morning to you as well!
TY!
RT : Fantastic super mom  entrepreneurs:
Don't fear the enemy that attacks you, but the fake friend that hugs you..
Bless the saa2009 twitterati for giving us loads of feedback about our session!
Someone tell me why I'm awake and that I can't go back to sleep.
Fab.
Design Tip: Before you shop for that new sofa, measure the area where it is going to go first.
Mar 29,1942: Churchill told Fdoctorthat they were bombing UBoat nests to cope with future UBoat hatchings.
O LORD Jesus; in union w/ Thy most perfect actions I commend toThee this my work;according to your will; for the salvation of all mankind.
and I have to hand in 2 assessments aswell!!
Please turn back and realize who really deserves you, I miss you so much.
I wish we can go back how it used to be I Love You 3
Jack Bauer will be unemployed.
Can I get his cell phone battery?
RT Thanksgiving?
WHAT'S NEXT?
People marrying ducks?
I just stream music to my iPhone on 3G.
More workers should consider that.
CHER!
can you please follow me I love u waited 3 hours to meet you at Glasgow but didn't get to
good and bad at times, not always getting the right message : sounds like you have selfdirected learners!
Waitin shop gettin my car worked on.
There are so many other things I'd rather be doing right now.
DAMN IT!
Well, I close sun, 610.
lol...best joke all week!
rebhan Remember to say Good afternoon.
I've made that mistake when practicing in morining for afternoon delivery.
:
Subway sandwich with no honey mustard sucks.
yeppers and It almost made me cry when u said MJ was ur inspiration!
I refuse to believe Orlando is considered a small market.
I remember when Orlando was considered the new Hollywood.
Let's bring it back!
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When Im Cleaning  someone says  You Missed A spot okay zaam.
Im so stoked for the All Stars tour it's not even funny
Ice cream sundaes on the playground thanks to a volunteer.
TGIF, Positive Tomorrowsstyle.
you got it!
They are on their way.
Dont forget to grab a free copy of our album preview at the show.
me too RT : I want some BJs
i do that hit that hoe!!!
New Happy Hours in Newport or Irvine.
To celebrate, stop by tonight and say NCAA to receive a free Happy Hour Appetizer!
Ok, so forget that I just posted that link to a very awesome episode of Streamers and Punches.
Vimeo is down.
Stay tuned for updates.
Good Morning :
DunbShitGuysSayonFacebook I have an organ to donate..if ya know what I mean...

I love it when you talk dirty.
I'd like to see things from your point of view, but i can't get my head that far up your butt: hahaha
Do me a favor and grab them belts this weekend, thanks!
daps
Late nights and early mornings; Marsha I know just what is mean.
Friday night was most excellent.
I still can't believe people yelled for an encore!
Philip Seymour Hoffman just walked past talking loudly about how he would have to lower his standards to be w this group didn't shoot him
Happy New Year to one and all
Oh stop it.
You know you're curious.
Some people just need a highfive.
In the face.
With a chair.
I want it all back
Gotta look through adversity.
Man...my first crew was called the Funky Monkeys.
The Beasties inspired my generation so much...Brrrraaaasssss Monkey
Can it say Ja'mie on it?
I ask myself that everyday.
STILL up.
Do I ever get any sleep?
great day tomorrow because mister hamilton wont be there!
the thing is we don't think it we know it!
thanks for the shoutout!
Thank you, Dina!
You're a keeper, too!
Luv ya!
Aye Brah Im Still Pushin The Slap
I just can't get over how pathetic some people are and how disgusted that makes me feel!!!
lol you need to upgrade to get some new words so you don't have to keep doctorwing jlo and the peacock!
7:30 TONIGHT at TheQ  Monsters v.
Americans.
Playoffs for the winner.
We NEED your support CLE!
Watching Bernie Mac
A COUNTDOWN clock.
Well played, Well played.
It would make for better tv if they didn't IN the booth either.
at what time
How does anyone have time for anything
All the way out here
Sry i hvnt been on Much Been on My otha Account more
also?
French toast / dessert, with an extra 5 for calling it pain perdu
ok cool.
just let me knw when you put them up.
I love the dynamic between myself and my guy told me today he wish him and his best friend was like us.
Merry Christmas!
que vem ja e o show do New Found Glory com Four Year Strong.
Muito ansioso, haha.
That's awesome.
Would you prefer to interact with an institution as a brand or an individual team member?
Already I joke.
And I don't even rule the world yet.
Project runway all stars...
Can.
Not.
Wait!!!!!!
great straw man argument.
The Media Blackout regarding takeover is almost over.
I expect news release today or tomorrow afternoon.
Followed by Two Plus Two up.
7 Day 1 Trial  Financial Success  FREEDOM!!
this long!
:
you looked really pretty toodaay!
: How was your visit?
Were you servicing or browsing?
RIP MCA.
nowplaying Paul's Boutique.
We're in Hingham tonight for a Boston: Inspirational Women signing at Zona.
Stop by.
Or, get a copy at Social Graces.
Makes a great gift!
Thanks for the ff love!
Can you hear your phone ring above all the voices in your house?
How?
your going to be in houston how lucky are you!
you're awesome Albert!!
More pics please :
There is no friend as loyal as a book
you laugh because I'm different, I laugh because you're all the same
hahaha no you didn't.
I look god.
you're welcome.
And thanx for the followback ;
Thanks and for the follow!
Make sure to check my music on Facebook!
I miss my hair :
I have the ability to make you stand outside in a thunderstorm on top of a tall ass building.
do your homework haha.
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out.
it is but she didn't tweet it herself
If I'm really lucky and I catch it out front as the CMo of old will get a little buggy whip to left field.
talk about jeckell and hyde.
Ha just saw your tweets about my coaching skillz
I'm soo dumb
Just added 5 and 15 on my iPhone.
I need to get a grip.
Oh, it's 20.
Does that mean at 1pm?
Or the 1st slot?
is speaking at adfed I didn't want mktg to waste  on a ticket if I'm booked.
Me Too.!!
; it goes down
I'd never let you go..
playing like he wants to win a championship
thanks.
I'm just grumpy at this point.
Live Success  understanding that God is able, figuring out that in our weakness He makes all things possible.
Durant also proved that unlike LeBron he wants that last shot to be on him.
Just saw Good Deeds.
Loved it.
The little girl reminds me of my ladybugs.
Too cute.
Fuck it I'm goin to bed
SecretService banging whores, investigating TedNugent.
It's like a Jerry Bruckheimer film circa 1989.
Thankful for the parking deck  covered walk to pick up kids today!
Discussion of Imagine Schools and Carondelet Leadership Academy beginning at State Board meeting.
Board became interim sponsor yesterday.
Your game ticket gets you access to the concert after the game.
So you have tickets through your ST package already.
Cupcakes and tea 
I go on the computer for just a minute but end up staying there for 3 hours.
not if he's a girl, freddy!
ohh wait is this freddy from icarly?
based on your high praises of the double cookie dough blizzard, I've discovered what I've been missing all my life 3
The dots are the last 30 days.
The orange dot is today, and black dots are days you checked in.
True happiness is not found in any other reward than that of being united with God.
Thomas Merton
I agree!
RT : A6: I think the difference between expectation and entitlement is perception, tone.
greatly displeased that the city council is planning on severely cutting/limiting DCPS libraries.
you should be too.
Sorry Mondays, but I don't love you like a love song.
More like an Adele song.
WHERE ARE SOME LOCAL ORGANICS FARMS
why are men so uncomfortable with that stuff?
your face.
I like that shit.
RT : keep grinding homie great progress
Escape everything, Leave nothing
welcome baby
Just woke up GM twitter PPL !!!!!!!
Somebody should write an Ecclesiology book that deals with the relationship between church gov't/offices and church staff.
We're getting an iPhone app specifically so you're president can't use it.
DaVita Inc.
announced it will move its corporate headquarters from California to Denver
doctorpped my lunch on my walk to bus.
Container broke!
it's april fools but I won't be pranking you.
the end.
Thx 4 playing and more!
Join us nxt week for the final
thank YOU hottest women.
U always find the best talent on twitter!!!!!
How does the library open at 11?
Huge line in front in middle of final?
What are you thinking Arizona?
McFly will be performing at Newmarket Racecourse on 9 June next year!
Don't miss King of the jungle and King of the dancefloor.
On sale now
Listening to it.
So much I agree with.
with you of course!!!
2 Tuesdays 2 Tacate Tall Boys 2 Tacos Try our vegan beef
lol what happened this time?
It made her cry!
:
Going to bed but I don't know how will I sleep.
I'm too happy.
:
3Community Service wanted...
Those involved tell others what happened.
Yes, letter of Texas law followed.
But to dismiss as accident??
Damn...
I dont Remember what happened last night.
.
faded nights .

I have, that's why I rt'd!
Great job with the connect  Is there something brown on my nose?
BGR8 Now
yes Shep proved he's FOX's token human during Katrina.
how about Geraldo and Juan?
enjoying The rapist vs The chosen one?
She makes me
I love the lost boys3
Daytona Beach boardwalk ;
It's crazy how true the zodiac signs are..it's almost scary
I can feel im totally going to want some after the STAAR tomorrow.
But no one is going to bring it to me.
JESUS!!!!!
How do you say HEADQUARTERS in spanish??
HELP PLEASE!!!
good luck Kristin!
My friends are loving your new show btw :D
my b I've been limp all day
You focused, sir?
You should stop by!
It'll be me, with very little sleep after Election Night and plenty of coffee!
:
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss My cat says hi!!
lol
The Somerville Alibrandis of the Yawkey Baseball League need players for HOF game in Cooperstown, NY on Oct 2.
Email .
That's why was the quintessential choice for this cnndialogues on the arabspring.
She is straight from the frontlines
I accidentally listened to part of a nickelback song
No doubt im a warrior but my fights are only when absolutely necessary
Emphasize repetitions is my Strategy for today.
Musically, yes.
As far as the rest of the day...
we'll see!
WHO ARE YOU PEOPLE?
The cymbals blew back Brad's hair!
thanks for the RT, how's everything going?
double your stack a day to keep the doctor away!
I don't get the appeal of Jonah Hill.
Laserlike focus on any subject will cause a chain reaction of events that will cause whatever you're looking at to come closer to you
Anyone in the world that can lead me to some corporate leadership books?
sht Persian moms say oh it started at 7?
It's okay 9:30 is on time
done and done.
good to know.
Am also in BKS  have asked repeatedly the BKS  Belleview locations re getting Sierra Nevada again
he is just jealous.
well ill poke u with a sick look im srs im giving you dirtys as wee speak
Hey TETC11, check us out at booth 132 to learn how LiveSchool can help manage behavior incentive systems and increase parent communication!
Yes, flawless, just the word I was searching for!
I bet you two look smokin in that thang ;
I accepted u were going to leave,but to Phuckin Filly?
That means I am obligated to hate you now.
I cant be sorry for that :/
...and they lived happily ever after
Freaking gorgeous shots in that...Amazing how they got some of them.
Alert dc was a hit tonight.
just found on Twitter, y'all!
It is a perfect day for some shrimp  grits or friend green 'maters :
Go Cowboys!!!
We need complete transparency on budget issues.
Fishy stuff going on behind closed doors
Thanks for the well wishes!
I had an unused, engraved weddinggift picture frame I threw in the TRASH upon my divorce.
What else could I do?
Augustana on my grocery store radio.
3
There are confirmed reports of a shooting across the street from the Martin Luther King, Jr.
Middle School  RENAME THAT SHIT IMMEDIATELY!
: Good Morning.
Good morning!
Happy Friday!
On and on reckless abandon
Haha definitely!
I think I would look good in them don't you think??
Get off your slackrope and get down to the waterfront at Gasworks!
Emergency headshot photoshoot today w/young Asian American actress Madison!
When you choose a niche...make sure YOU are not the ONLY ONE in it.
:
I THANK GOD FOR LETTING ME SEE ANOTHER DAY!
!!!!
I shouldn't ask why..but why?
I remember trying to show my daughter how to use them..we laughed so hard!
Who's going to Warped Tour tomorrow to see ???
howyoufromthewestside with these weak ass youfromthewestside tweets
This summer is going to be ACmazing though
Megan Fox Photos
I'm not in a rut...
I am the rut...
Bahahhahaha I'm laughing at myself..
Just shoot hand with Neil, you killed it in the beach bowl today.
aw my lil niece knows the whole song what makes you beautiful but 1D and she likes niall :'
Going to try to get a new painting done for first friday next week!
The forces of murder, thievery, and war is ganging up on Syria.
They think we don't see them.
We remember Libya, Iraq, etc.
Courtney Love doctorss 4 for the week.
omg cant wait till 330
Thanks for welcoming me to the group.
How are your brackets looking?
I have UNC and KY in finals.
Twitter and Facebook, hmm
If you want something you've never had, you'll have to do something you've never done.
Dave Ramsey
Thanks  for
Andoctorw Luck talks like his voice is on slow mo
....if your clever enough and want to reach people you'll have to sort to give them a taste of themselves.
Marvin Gaye
probably, twitter just reset my password when I was sleeping.
Every time I install new software my Chrome home page changes.
Wait, what?
i don't know how people in this world can possibly live with themselves.
so disgusted
You goin' to be at the tomorrow AM, Joe?
Follow the team !
may 14 DCSoundstage 2403 Benning RD NE DC RT All day, when is the next event you are throwing.
We'll come through!
Fall down 7 times, stand up 8.
and of course nothing racist about idea that liberal black people vote on skin color but conservative white people vote on issues
and we love our twitter peeps!
Austerity will target the weak.
That's a public choice libertarian argument.
How did the Left appropriate it?
what is opportunity to expand consciousness at the headquarters
HEY MAHOMIES!
PLEASE FOLLOW !
PLEASE!
:.
i'm so happy i'm moving into my new home i bought.
Team work make the doctorAM WORK!
when do you guys think you will be back
All I know is this nigga better make time for me tomorrow or we fading, straight the fuck up!
doing laundoctor stoned is really complicated
Im mobile right now as well.
I'll check a little later  send an invite if not.
I need a fanny pack.
If I had a fanny pack, I could slip my phone in it while jamming out, sing, sip my vino,  write.
Simultaneously.
We need teaching of gender equality here in the USA.
Help us help these kids.
Every kids deserves to be happy, no matter what.
Wolfman certainly knows how to get the crowd going!
After FQF, doctorp by at eiffel to continue the party!
ncph2012 download mobile application!!!
from during lightning talks.
RT : If it ain't UGA in basketball I could care less.
I stay solid with my support of UGA all around!
Friday night!
Tampico cheers to a good night!
:
wow!
What a wonderful post!
Thank you so much, Steve!
What is commonly called love, namely the desire of satisfying a voracious appetite with a certain quantity of delicate white human flesh.
Some face the nation but I face these blunts.
LMAO
Can you believe that it's already November?
What's the over/under on when holiday music starts up on local radio stations?
And that's why we're friends
thank you!!
Barrett said if this race is determined by money spent, he'll lose to Walker.
Early episodes Jim Halpert may be my favorite sitcom character ever.
Good luck to tonight.
Wish I could be there but I know your gonna go in hard.
Rep for watty
haha I know right : what's up
she still goin at it!!!
what do you mean traveling?
Just 17,625 left to meet our yearend goal!!
thank you!!!!!
wfgmorg  send your pledges and empower women  their childoctorn today!
Oh boy.
This broad doctornks and all hell breaks lose.
She uses it as an excuse.
Is this chick serious right now?
Multiple!
RT : Please.
They know what the base D will be.
RT guy has been on staff 2 hours.
I'd be tempted to put Anjelica Huston on as Marilyn.
TOUR DE FRANZIA!!
Nature.
Good things.
Positive stuff.
ALWAYS.
: G'nite!
presentation on yoga  Pilates for newbies, made monkey bread stuffed w/ walnuts  crasins to christen Matt's new digsgood saturday
It takes one thousand tons of water to grow one ton of grain.
NPR, December 9, 2011
If you hear and you says he's good, call 911.
You're probably having a stroke.
Demi Lovato's Skyscraper has some serious terrorism undertones.
Thanks!
Happy Friday.
I think I must be the happiest I've ever been thanks to one special person, 3
FF to Chestnut Hillbillies  thx 4 coming out  any good doctorwl pix/flix from last night?
oh Detention sounds like fun!!!
We are beginning public comment on the budget proposal for next year.
You can listen on local radio 88.9 FM.
Thank you for the RT, Jamie!
What do you think?
i dont think he hates you.
i just dont think he was allowed to im sure alot of girls ask him that so he was like not again 
naww girl.
Its one nee guy and the rest rr girls.
And he do more than they do!!
But yhu wont believe this.
I'm doctornking lots of Schlitz and eating wings  so no problem!
We make them cry who care for us.
We cry for those who never care for us.
And we care for those who will never cry for us.
You're my Diamond girl.
Just call me Coach Mike Kerr :
We're building Kickstarter meets AngelList for film funding  DM for more info.
Hey Lisa, what's your Twitter talk about?
Twitter data, twitter apps, twitter for business, twitter for noobies?
I like you.
You like me.
Stop worrying about them.
Worry about us.
Blue moose nomnomnom :
Sweet Jesus.
Tomorrow my 34th Birthday getting pedicure and manicure.
Jump off starts tonight.....Leggo
orgasm just cuz u cant!
caseyanthony YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME!
First week of May, you ready Windy City?
I am invading once again and it is gonna be mayhem
Continuing my 24 marathon till I leave for my flight at 6 am.
Hoping there's no snow when I get home.
By the way  there hasn't been a toga party in a long time...
Should we organize?
Met one guy that's actually read Finnegan's Wake today.
The trick is to read it out loud in an Irish accent.
His lisp made me cringe a bit.
I think is gorgeous!
Has an awesome voice.
Spunky  fun attitude!
Great out look on life!
Hell, she's perfect 
Keep myself so lifted.
Requested my first vacation.
Maybe I'll finally find time to work on JulietAnUnPopular 's sequel.
Omg I'm bout to flip the fuck out !!
I'm so livid right I'm dead ass gonna kill this customer !!
presentationserver.de  Blog Archive  Deploying Citrix MetaFrame ...
who do you think will be the next U.S.
F1 doctorver?
Made it to the park today with the stroller and both boys all by ourselves.
Leaving the house is a big step for this stay at home daddy!
Hey Kim U are Beautiful inside and out.
I love ur style
Love  Hip Hop !
Cornelius NeposTo be a great leader and so always master of the situation, one must of necessity have been a great thinker in action
I thought he jinxed the Mavs last year, but thank God he was right
Free ice cream at friendly's till 5 today!
Two huge scoops :
: We might have to mix some up in her honor for our BEA quarters...
Linux: Where do you want to go tomorrow?
Trying this on for 2011: searching is for losers  finding is for winners.
Too harsh?
1.
X Factor  2.
Twister Dance  3.
America's Best Dance Crew tribute  That's !
I have to tell myself goodnight cause I got no one to do that for me.
bout to do the dougie and catdaddy
did Rondo get booted out of the game?
So I heard..
Oopsy.
Who knew he had it in him.
breakingdawn in 2 weeks!
let the countdown begin 3
Dance party!
That's always a good idea!
I agree!
I'm so glad I found it!
Truthis....you don't have to expose how a person REALLY is..
Because the truth will eventually come out.
GOD expose da devil ALL DA TIME
thank u same to u
follow back please :
Wine Wednesday
Jus like we own it.......team damiesnrunnies
: nice article on Cousins.
Skins are also getting a really smart kid  team leader.
Will be perfect understudy for RGIII.
No, ladies, you can't play with us, but you can doctorss like sleazy and encourage us.
The guy who invented cheerleading.
she can also go next door to see some ass shaking.
A defacto foxxy's
RT  Looking forward to hosting and moderating the Evening of Interaction tonight at
yea what's goin on with that!?
Hi their are loads of fantastic deals in NYC for Jan, Low Season what are your dates?
Are you looking for trendy Soho/Tribeca?
Keep up the good work Perez hard work and perseverance always pays off.
You can do it!
Tweet!
back.
RT : Funny to hear black people talk about traditional marriage when our tradition is not being allowed to get married.
Twenty years ago today, I saw for the first time.
They came into my life when I needed them most  fortunately they're still here.
no u cant go back.
I kno what u need
Marilyn Watkins with now up talking about women's employment.
but so hard to forget
you have a quality People have been saying it.
Fun stuff!
We'll add to the Holiday Lights Festival website.
Thx for sharing.
This is the new 1 lie guys tell......Waht is it?
but, I'm sure the Mom was an RN, right.
That gives her access to the court.
:
yep!
Working on that now!
Also a 5k and 10k :
My DNA is Givenchy.
pick me pretty please!!
Last day of class is tomorrow!
I am so excited for school to be over :D but I am also sad because I won't see my crush for months :/
Chillin in my bed, music on and tweeting
Hey Pollen, U SUCK TODAY!
Signed, Me!
ME TOO!
BUT IT WOULD BE THE MOST HAPPIEST DEATH!
I love my mom soo much no matter how many arguments we get into, we always apologize n make up :
I'm kind of happy that Le Gallery isn't open this week.
I don't have to smell like food everyday!
RT The next SMCRVA event will be on Sept.
3 Mark your calendars.
Details and tickets soon!
What is that?
Sometimes too much to doctornk isn't enough.
Thanks, Jonathan!
I'm not as good as you at this!
not to mention the huge Fox 6 logos :
I hope I can get my act together 
will do.
It would be super easy pace, some walking.
Thinking out to ATT and back, maybe a bit further.
I'm considering moving to Anchorage to pursue this job offer...
any advice??
phew!
I was starting to wonder if there was a ripple in time...
G'morning!
It's a glorious season!
I give thanks to God for renewing my marriage, strenghthening my fam  4 the gift of life  health.
Amen
Other than GoogleDocs  blogs, has anyone used any other journaling site with students?
Just like playing a game of chess
Just hanging out having a fun night with and !
memories you should be here.
Absolutely!
Shoot me an email tomorrow a.m.
I will get you set up.
Need fitness tips?
RIP Don Cornelius much respect.
If the end of your personal movis sucks...just leave when you want.
Done and Done!

I wld luv 2 C U guys beast out 2nite.
Shall I say pls!!!
It's about tonight
Join us tonight from 6:3011 pm at Southpointe Golf Club for the Community Leaders for a Cure event.
Ha!
just happy not to have to spin a budget proposal!
Highest Response Rates Guaranteed Developed by, and for educators.
Online course evaluations by IOTA Solutions.
I'm actually kind of afraid of how many of you not only know When Boy Meets World, but crushed on Topanga.
Detroit what!
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
im in
in a private message, I mention an exgirlfriend and FB ads selling free hot chicks pop up.
Sexist, presumptuous mofos.
LOL
I also like Aweber better for followups and scheduled emails.
You have to pay for that in MailChimp anyway...
Good news  I think I'm only working four jobs this week, lol.
I'M SOLO I'M HAN SOLO SOLO
you got me fuh'dup if you think i'm gonna pay that much money for some seats right there!
Why you talkin about slappin every body.
im weak.
Now THAT was a rainstorm, for San Diego that is!
Forgot to mention attempted bag snatching I saw in front of Dicks earlier.
Thief ran off in a hot pink hoodie.
Curious gait, too.
Where's a wall for my head?!
Nothing sweeter than eyeballing a 5px box and then measuring to find it exactly 5 pixels.
Yep, been doing this 20 yrs  I need a life.
NICK CANNON just walked into CHATEAU NIGHTCLUB!!!
Back to School Start Tutoring Sessions Now!
Call us 2 get started 2day at 517 3522
thanks so much for watching and helping support business women.
no problem, such a cool photo!
i'm starting to question everything
Hey!
I just left there....
Nope, just really busy with school!
/
nothing wrong with loving the spurs!
Today was a wonderful day because I actually saw throughout the day
hmm...I'll compare to a shirt I have and let you know.
Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day.
Author Unknown
What's up with this weather??
plumbers crack while eating a banana?
Ew.
Not what I wanted to see.......
So tonight Tori Will be Joined by Chris Sheldon  Brian Adams from American Taxi!!
Come check out some serious Banjo Action!!
When I sit down to write a love song.
I never write from a dirty approach.
But from my passionate yet sexy imagination!
SmilingBAMM.
no Kosi, lol you're not.
Beautiful people with beautiful minds that make beautiful music:
Good question: Why aren't NASA and NOAA part of this rollout today?
Yup.
First time with the clips, though.
And boy do I have the bruises to prove it.
It's like starting from scratch!
If your actions inspire others to doctoram more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader
This Just in TNF to be going global.
expanding into other countries such as Japan and Africa.
Its just Twitter.
Bulls get knocked off by an 8th seed w/out Rose.
Shows how much he means to that team
I've changed it a few times, and I have more pics on my professorle I just always default to this one when idk what to put up :P
OMFG the Avengers was FUCKING GREAT!!!!
fucking tired!
But listening to some always helps that, can't wait for the next album!
might want to Check their..63 on the health code score last week..
Men Have Called Me Mad; But The Question Is Not Yet Settled...
E.A.
Poe
These refs are jokes...the guy that made the call was not even on my TV screen.
Back at ya!
He consistently resisted the English intrusion, earning both respect and hostility from Jamestown leaders.
My New Bitch Yo Old Bitch Funny Ssht Is Sshe Never Gone Be On That Old Ssht
i do
Hello!
Not only busy with life.
Ive had major clearing to do in my home.
Was under Spiritual attack.
Working on clearing the last bits.
73...
I'll catch up to you and your lightning fast typing one of these days!
I love my moms to death, but that lady can really piss me the fuck off.
Happy superbowl Sunday!
Be safe and have fun, Long Beach!
I hate Every July something happens and I miss part of the TdF.
It's the only reason I have and it's not working.
hay guys
HEY : Breakfast burritos.
Make it happen.
I was going through my followers and found you, thought I would say hello and wish good luck in anything you do..
Lee
.RT : RT : Mitt Romney turning out to be a vicious high school bully least surprising thing of all time.
// 1
Thanks for the follow , ,
i just tweet a picture :
Make sure you go out and vote today!!!
Pretty much the only reason I am watching golf today is because of Tiger.
We are cranking the grill.
Can I take your order?
Went curling with a bunch of girlscouts today.
when is the best time to add the okra?
after you add the sausage but before you add the meat
geeze, thanks so much!
Haven't bump to tyga :
i dont think were working out  worst reason to break up with someone.
/3
Yes, but aren't nasty defenses lovely?
I sure think they are!
When everything fell apart i found you .
this apartment might want it!
Craft Beer Expo next week in St.
Pete, then Wazoo early August!
I am going to be one busy girl these next couple of weeks!
YES!
And then you'll be ready for Dark Knight Rises this summer.
Tune in today 11am  www.wsmnradio.com for Green Talk!
We interview John Viera, Director of Sustainability and Environmental Policy at Ford!
My husband has a man crush on Dave Grohl and that's ok by me.
Time to switch out the lights, good night all 
Im a little upset wit fsnWisc 4 not having the bucks on tonight there 8 games left on the bucks schedule da crew has 155 left
Kaiser Chiefs on CP time
My New Storefront is up.
Now I am just putting all the Archie Comics I found up for .99  That'll be happening till I fall asleep :
Loved 's Cover Of Misletoe On Surprise Ustream :
I haven't got any yet but I think I'm going to!
Ill save you some!
Hey Everyone!
Be sure to watch Florida International take on Marshall in the Beef 'O' Brady's Bowl St.
Petersburg on ESPN  7pm CST/8pm ET.
Thx, but is the group really single mom/dad with kid or just households sans kids?
so, please no more blind dates, or lectures on jhow fufilling relationships are.
I don't care.
We will be there!
You?
Owe this sucks
BRANDY Melville store in PB holllaaaaaaa.
Thank you so much for your advice on calling the day before/of the show!
Was able to get two much appreciated tix to Ingrid!
I don't care what the expiration date says.
I have to smell it .
keep up the great work on your blog!
Starting  rush inn.
Wish I rushed in hours ago.
RT : the awkward moment when i asked for waffle fries at mcdonalds!!
smh // bahahaha
Fine dining alive and well at Morton's!
Come see us...
wishing all a very happy and healthy New Year.
Le Shana Tova Ve metuka, a sweet one as well  and filled with some magical music !!
If only!
any names attached?
Thanks so much!
HowardGospelChoir RT : Celebrating Mother's Day awesome brunch great music frm Howard Gospel Choir!
RT : FIGHT THE FACEBOOK ORGAN HARVEST SPACEGHOULS DOT COM
too bad he 'd be an unbelievable human being !!
I hate Christina Aguilera.
Sure she can sing, but she's a bitch.
Even tom said so.
He just...said it.
aha.
thank you for mt.have a day like there is know tomorrow
Did we mention we love you too, Alexandoctor?
No?
How rude.
Well, we do.
Truly, madly, deeply.
: Thanks Lisa!
EVERYONE FOLLOW: the best guy on CNN
Fitness Exercise Motivation of the Day.
I'll feel so much better when I'm done.
What gets your butt off the couch?
Do you like to play volleyball?
whatsss up my dude :
People are just really mean.
May we suggest to play Babs' daughter Louise?
Too obvious?
PickUpLine: So, what are the chances that we can engage in anything more than just conversation?
When should I start acting as if I cannot fail?
Do it now.
Hahahaha she just slapped the mess out of this man Ahhahaha
2 exams tomorrow.
Studying all night.
Wish I was at The Fray concert...
Wait what??
It sure is powerful...and I'd def in my top 5!
Thanks for tuning in; Hope you can make it to twitterchurch on Friday!!
:D
Be pissed off for greatness today!
MFW I see a conservative calling the Plymouth colony communist.
loololololo
So UK didn't want him?
smh lol RT Seeing that Kentucky obviously did not pursue Shabazz...
Nerlens is very likely to be going there.
Come visit us today or tomorrow at booth 207 at the mLearnCon  Expo in San Jose
when harry met vagina
Didn't realize I even had a paper cut until I was cutting lemons...
nOT YET.
i JUST DECIDED TO GO AHEAD AND DO ONE.
sO LOOKE FOR US THERE AS WELL.
Thanks for the RT Dale.
Have a nice week.
Join me  OLLU for the event of the year focused on a fitter San Antonio.
March 6th bright  early the marathon begins!!!
I miss it too
Studio Day 4!
Finishing guitars and starting vocals!
I loved the Disco era i had so much fun during that time.
InMiddleSchool I slept in every class and still had a 4.0.
CITY GEAR COME ON IN AND GET THAT LAUNCH SHOE OR SHOES!!!!!
BE A VIP!!!!!
Food Truck Roundup starts at 4 p.m.
today at Main Gate Square!
dadquotes on haha I love it
eek!
site traffic today on NB is the lowest I've seen in months.
RTs from early posted articles will give us a needed boost.
Have at thee!
Tonight games against the Yankees has been postponed due to inclement weather.
No makeup date has been announced.

Wanting to talk to you so badly, but feeling like I annoy you...
:o
Thanks!
But in the end, it was also a burned out feeling.
And I was never an insider,you know, just someone w/ opinions...
JEALOUS!
Have fun
I love when mitch teaches me new things.
like that ohio is shaped like a square
Bethany: Is your house on fire, Clark?
Clark: No, Aunt Bethany, those are the Christmas lights.
...
And I just saw Jenny B's reply.
We're on the same wavelength...
where ya subbing at today?
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 83F Fair: 83F Fair
Gold and silver line my heart, but burned into my brain are these stolen images.
Can only laugh!
August 2001 MLS  FIFA had a double header at Giants Stadium: Columbia  Libera followed by Miami Fusion  NY/NJ Metrostars
We're famous!
one writers opinion creates an all day sports radio topic.
Not at his age and for the money he'll get.
Keep it 100
Woke up quick at about 12pm lol
Global crisis: The most awkward moments when the team damages homes with the bassist of cheeseburgers.
The forecast for Tue, 9 Aug 2011 is Partly Cloudy/Wind.
High: 80 F Low: 56 F.
via
I finally found someone in Washington that a Mahomie I have found one intill now :
If you're not watching then start.
Today is International Pancake Day!
What are some healthy pancake recipe alternatives that you like to use?
Decides to narrow his list 2 schools and not involve the power KY This decision is his and should be based on comfort level.
I'm a good enough person to forgive you, but not stupid enough to trust you again.
it's official.
today could not get any worse.
I read your post this morning and see you met my sister, !
Loved reading your Blend Retreat updates :
I'm totally confident in all situations.
I'm totally confident in all that I do.I'm totally relaxed  absolutely sure in all that I do.
okay will rewatch GE ad and report back!
But seriously: turbine isn't pronounced like porcupine?
Line is out the door at Starbucks.
If I were more awake I soo wouldn't put up with this.
Yes!
That would be perfect.
Thanks for the follow  I wish that'd be awesome show to take my Dad to
Good morning everyone!
I'm excited for 's live chat later.
:
Thanks!
Recommed any specific brand?
As for the baked goods, I think that's one area where I will definitely be cheating!
Heading to the UW seventh, Badgers trailing Michigan 74.
Time for the UW rally caps.
This BITCH just yelled at me doe
Ah lol that stinks
In the development phase of a new extensible thin client AI.
Rudimentary portable consciousness with scalable plugnplay perception.
Eating lasagna in my office at 9:30 am.
Breakfast of champions.
The Rays need a catcher with the last name Marcus.
If I die of exhaustion during this 30 day shred, gets first pick of my stuff, then everyone else can have at it.
aww love you too!
?
Sum ppl r just FLATOUT weird but that's life lmao only can be me start new job Tuesday excited fasho
Aah, Fudge My Life.
I really thought HOUSTON had a chance of getting back /3 :
In better times I jokingly referred to Dan as Yankee Billy Beebe in reference to Union hero William Sully Beebe.
Getting ready for this workshop class 
Do I need to get you two a hotel room, a bottle of champagne and a tube of astroglide?
Overdoctorve Harry Potter ebooks are available tomorrow.
Will you download them to actually read, or just because you can?
lol i got more then i did before rockstar!!
Dang Brotha how are you gonna call me out like that.
Haha.
How is everything going at The U.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving.
Dennis Waitley
So this means that reigns supreme?
Got my tan on yesterday and today.
Tomorrow is for the river.
: Summer tan is right around the corner !
Hows packernation doing this evening?
Its raining where I am.
RESTAURANT WEEK HAS BEGUN!
4103470888 to make your reservation for lunch or dinner!
i hate wen they make u wait this long to get a regret notification.
Alas, i'm not a fellow again.
yea I know sad isn't it
I've voted over 30 times so far for you.
More to come....
Marching band visiting us at cnngrill at sxsw!
Amazing stilts, even!
Let us know if you want to open up a franchise!
;
At least we could all count on a more lax doctorg policy

I even told him it wasn't dishwasher safe!
Kinda shity about staying out so late last night .
dailyfeedback Songs that feature lines of poetry  Simon  Garfunkel Joni Mitchell
Want some VC?
Make this startup, a service that allows you to send a kidney punch to anyone who spams you on Twitter.
Today's tip: To prevent or relieve shin splints, stretch and strengthen the muscles of the lower leg.
Los Angeles has so much junk and dogs in it, it looks like an episode of Hoarders.
RipDonnasummer .
A true talent has left.
May God bless your family at this time ...

your modal popup windows suck big time.
quit it!
Yesfocus on your strengths, not on what you don't know!
RT : Find your career brilliance and strengthen your strengths!
wake up doctornk, go to sleep fucked up
the bottom of my dogs foot smells like hot chocolate.
Up now...
Head still hurting
when would be a good time to start relooking at a possible Madison show?
For my birthday get me a lifetime supply of McDonald's Sweet Tea : 
Its times like these where I wish I didn't have to plug my nose in order to go underwater .
: sometimes your words just hypnotize me ...
Guess that's why they broke, and you so paid
Starting the morning right Today Was A Fairytale by Taylor Swift
FinalsFinalsFinals!Good Luck to our ambassadors on 'em!
SO close to winter break!U can do it!check the blog: auambassadors.wordpress.com!!!
Skinny girls are over rated.
You know where to find me though..
It sound a lot different when you in the booth with family ma nigga
Looking forward to seeing everybody at EPIC's Bridal Happy Hour!!!!!
georgezimmerman surely had some experiences which brought about his views on black and brown people
I first noticed this when I took the new job in a more populated area.
Same baby food cost me more closer to home than at work.
yea I'll probably be there before then so I'll catch up with yall
Bo Ryan's getting titty fucked by the ESPN monster right now.
when is yur actual due date?
I make it point to use a payphone whenever I see one.
Thanks for the follows!
Good morning!
Make today the day you begin again to finish what you've started.
Today's Super Hero Theme Music: Hot Thang by
Hope it goes well!
So great to hear you are sharing the BugaBees with Kindergartners.
:
It's just so tragic that I have to go to ska concerts for research.
Tragic and AWESOME!
a Real Ninja wit a blade an a mask ...lmfao
YATM : you're the man...even in europe
Movies with my bestie 
LADIES NIGHT FOLKS!
Get down here boys, all the single ladies will be doctornkin' for free
I didn't even realize they had a fish fry there.
Thanks!
got Never End on repeat
Fantastic people!!!
Fantastic AND talented.
RT I am julie's friend w/dog with seizures.
Let me know if you need some guidance.
Been down this road a while.
Good lck
White Rabbits Pandora is definitely playing some great stuff this morning.
The WarOndoctorgs is a human rights issue and a racial issue as well
I have family in Hawai'i.
I hope everyone is safe.
aw :
lily park?
LMAO RT : My blog has two views today from people that searched for the terms ryan howard gay
Hey everybody, who's getting ready for the fun?
April 14th is gonna be here quick.
Are you signed up yet?
thanks felton for adding a few ping pong balls for us
If you're my real friend ,, i'll always have your back.
Dont know what I want
RT : Q 4: What trends are you seeing in Kitchen and bathroom fixtures in 2012?
Most of us are trying very hard to FORGET the 8 miserable bush years but it's going to take a LONG time to do so!!
: Fire update: Up to 200 people now being evacuated from the new Leander fire.
If you can't tell when I'm really annoyed of you, then you're obviously dumb or stupid.
.
I am so modern  watching the Webbys streaming
Have you given your favorite business a positive review?
Sometimes we forget to give positive shout outs won't you do one now?
Welcome Princeton alums in New York!
If you know of any others, please help spread the word about our new twitter presence.
We are
Yup I'm already in bed at 8 on a Friday.
RT : We want to transform Jewish lives not just a few hours a week but 7 days a week.
You can't tell NOBODY you like a person or that you're in a relationship with someone.
People be jealous these days..
Mayweather undisputed champion
Can't stand living with there people all laughs and lets make fun of Sam

what happend to the cameras between lexington to hwy.
280?
all of them are out
Avisame!
We should hang out.
On this coast.
LOL!
I happened to be sitting in front of the computer when your tweet came through.
Excited to celebrate my engagement with the girls tonight!
Did Twitter Jus try to lock me UP..??
Thank you Feds for coming to Cuyahoga County and cleaning up our government.
You have her pretty eyes, Sara.
:
I know all those are normal but the spots are like bottom of a soda can red welts/ spots days later thighs  arms r the worst
I'm going to try harder to tweet in 2010.
Take that for what it's worth!
Thanks !
We'd love to see examples of what you're doing with patterns these days!
thanks Chad  see you May 19th!
Best of luck.
On youtube watching whatever I stumble upon.
I follow all mi followers
Jammin to at 5 in the morning I fell like I'm 14 again.
They will forever be my favorite band.
Bored need a text buddy
Nope RT I figured u were in on the rib?
No
Amtrak running smoothly on the escape Baltimore for new york caper...looking forward to being snowed out!
heck yeah dude!
I freaking laughed so hard.
Thanks for the support mannick
Too late!
The word is out, lol!!
;  No takebacks!
haha
: yes, me and my mom did get in a car accident today :P  McKenna Haner.
While your day is starting mine is coming to a end.
Hope you have a good one and be safe : I'll text you when I get my new number
I'm pretty sure keeps a shit Linsey says list.
In Moree.
Wishing I was in Nashville.
At the Taylor Swift 13 hour meet and greet.
It's summer!
Hilary Rosen is so yesterday.
So, I hope, is Chris Kelly.
Account was hacked.
So ignore any Timbers In 30 Twitter emails you've received tonight.
Problem fixed.
Missed your announcement last week congrats on the move!
goes to Starbucks a little too often maybe..
Other than to be a complete douchebag, I can't even understand why anybody would WANT SNPK to come down.
No shares to short anywhere...
BLOUSE i got hung up on smmfh nt mi fault
Love it, great work by KRod and Luc last night, after nothing but off speed the night before.
Have you ever rewatched Super Bowl 42?
Too painful?
...lol!
pretty plate :
Thanks!
MT : Hosting a party for NGP VAN at the theatre.
God these people are awesome.
Check out the amazing work they're doing.
VirtualBox is really pissing me off!
Updating the package broke VRDP?!?!?!
even if just for the last day.
Maybe they can use FX for that next year.
Whiparound coverage.
u guys watching?
now that you're a patriot, I might have to doctorft you in the 1st/2nd round.
I woke up at  today.
Grats, that's a lot of Goetta.
I've been good..how have u been??
Did u get married yet??
that's good!
Thinking back I think I checked out more dog and horse books as a child.
Oh good :
Glad you liked it!
We love sharing our beautiful building and we especially love hearing that you love it as much as we do!
I am good
you rite sis I'm done with it it's no need to even fuel them at all
atleast we're working together!!
sucha good team and hopefully that lady won't be there
Pacers.
We are going to BeatTheHeat!
NEW TWITTER NAME YALL !!!!!!!
Trying 2 explain the benefit of an ID 2 my 82 year old fil who wants to put his ppt lectures online  sell them as eLearning.
bro you have no love for the game your the only person who thought that thing with rose was lame
Watching Warhol Films.
Why?
I'm not sure.
and I are ready to destroy this town.

what a rip off!
Can somebody say cancelmycontract  that goes for too!
Just one more week of Spring Ball left!
Time to make the most of it...
At '12 Living Portraits of African American Women by the National Council of Negro Women, honoring my mom among other great women in Denver!
Would have loved to have made it!
Hope you guys had fun and doctornk a LaFinDuMonde or Ephemere for me!
yo ma what's new
Anybody need to blast a new single?
Mp3promoter.com
wonder if claire already sent that mail to ?
:P
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP
I just got 20 boneless wings and a fry from Wingstop for 12 bucks
why can't you play on Lock?
Me  that frog we bonded we've become like best friends.
I wanna move in with my aunt and go to halls.
I'm tired of my mom yelling all the time.
what happens in Vegas 3 love that movie!
The quickest way to get someone's attention is to no longer want it.
Reading about rampant Prohibitionera corruption in Pittsburgh has me convinced that there could be a Boardwalk Empire spinoff set here
Been putting myself first lately and it's paid off.
I'm slowly killing off all the work that needs to be done one by one.
Days like this when i need
finally a break in the rain!
i've been jonesing for a run
I miss my bff
Car crash on the 225/70 flyover from northbound 225 to westbound i70.
Cops trying to get there.
Tonight on 10 Thousands at the state capitol today for a TEA party, plus July 4th celebrations around Central Iowa!
Everyone is so loud.
I have a headache.
Shut up you fucks.
You can't talk about ugly people if you ugly
probz like a giant penis
RT The sooner we get to 6,000 followers, the sooner someone gets an iPad!!!
Tell all your friends!
Follow and tweet EZLawPad!
I love the way that your projects always begin with a fabulous name.
Wish I could learn to do that....
Phillip deserves to be there so just suck it up, Hollie will go far no matter what
Hi, Sister!
Travis is having an chickfest in May 2012  who wants to come from Japan?
I cannot get over the Oregon Ducks court design.
It looks like mother earth took a shit on their hardwood.
Fiber to home?
Not.
Sounded too good to be true, but that's what sold me.
Still an upgrade for me though.
Hey, no more selfharm blogs allowed on Tumblr.
I have not stepped foot out of the Marriott since arriving in Philly on Sunday afternoon.
read the book if you can find the time.
It's even better!
Tanner's picking me up tomorrow .
I can't wait.
I'm bored I'm gonna see who's not following back
PickMeEllen !!!!
I LOVE walgreens, but not as much as I LOVE you!
helpapoornursingstudentout :
We will be holding a Grand Opening Party for our showroom in the next couple weeks.
We would love to have you as our guest.
The less people speak of their greatness, the more we think of it.
Come on in and hear us jazz it up tonight
nothing like putting on a brand new pair of socks.
bird wisdom :v if it's worth saying once, it's worth saying a thousand times
no problem..
I have other styles  colors too,just hit me when your ready!
we may be able to make that happen, if is down for it...
What do ya say?
Tumblr.....
follow me on tumblr if you have one and ill give you a shoutOut so please please please please follow my tumblr: Ob3ytheswagg
kimkardashian is making too many headlines including this one!!!!
Please go on a vacation and not with another NBA Player crazy!
Beach house names all within 2 miles of Palmetto CoveNapsack,Sunset Lodge, Brigadune, Dash Away, Deja View.Favorite?
I might be getting the thunderstorm I requested.
I got a mean rain dance.
Our courtyard is furnished!
Check out the chairs and tables on a nice day like today
Think it might be an issue on my end.
I'll look into it more and let u know if I'm still having trouble.
thx 4 the response!
That DirectTV commercial did not hit its mark.
I would GLADLY reenact scenes from Platoon with Charlie Sheen.
I would do that every day.
In front of dpac
What are you making for dinner tonight?
Family's having dinner 4:30 pm.
But I must have a cookie now.
The chocolate chips are personified and staring me in the face.
why?
About what?!?
FF , the UT AMS Twitter feed!
They are trying to reach 500 followers today and only need a few more.
Jon: You buy insurance.
Do the greatest cabbies in the world really not handle luggage?
After The Avengers box office?
FOR SURE.
RT : I'm sure you all have a triathlon this weekend so stock up on some energy w/our pasta buffet for lunch today...
Just confirmed the new date for our Dogs Days of Summer eventSept 18!
Save the date!
will host their Night of Readings May 15th  8pm.
Venue will be announced later this week!
Happy Chris Capuano Day Brewer Fans.
Working on a new client web app that will automatically update thousands of users across the globe...using C and ASP.
RT : Happy Birthday to the Creator of Hip Hop  Funk Music.
James Brown.
Does anyone know of someone who makes purses out of cowboy boots?
email me
there is nothing wrong with cluster kids !!
So is mortadella is the mushroom or cheese family?
Hmm neither, I was doing a cross between mozarella and portabella
Come out to Scottsdale and get hooked up with some free DJ DBX stickers 26pm
Jacie, nobody cares what you have to say, what your going through.
Nobody wants to talk to you.
Chicago bound in the morning.
Wedding, reunions, busting heads at Packing my asskicking pants.
thank you!
hope to play together again soon.
itsamazinghow listening to Harvest Moon on the car ride back home made me infinite.
been there, read that.
That may even impress larry legend
Oh, , your tunes have been there for me this whole week.
Magnificent talent, you are.
There's the Katie we all know and love :
Hey all , here's the first hint for our SWAG party...
In doctorver's ed you're told to keep your hands here,
Mutiny on the Bounty Hunter
Uplifted by Kinndli's Hour of Power Live Class
Prohibition was the eighteenth amendment which was a great social and economic experiment that proved to be unenforceable.
I'm devastated and outraged.
At least twice a week, wake up from a dead sleep to a clock that reads 4:44.
He'll be reprimanding mofos in the locker room : Kobe heated
How Fowl!
Justin Timberlake Talks About Turkey Hunting with Hank Williams Jr.
People Magazine
That awkward moment when Amanda and I flash each other and we realize we're wearing the same bra bestfriendbonding we didn't plan this
the mapes, 1/2 ast, murder majesty, dick falcon, and le plebe tonight at the bunkhouse.
6.
see you there.
Up early today doing laundoctor.
Tomorrow is Disney and my kids want to pack.
thank you for joining us tonight!
Heroes?
NFL quarterbacks Vince Ferragamo versus Terry Bradshaw in WHICH Superbowl?
of course!
I even noticed a brief mention of liquid solidarities.
Thanks for that shoutout!
cute people say cute things cocky Lmfao 
trigonometry can die.
This was the first time I'd been to the roller derby.
Definitely going to more bouts next year!
Bless my family !
RT Luce: scholarship produced in the digital era is at serious risk of being lost for future generations
cause her husband is out of town and princess is like a guard dog
Yeah my dude hard work pays off!
I'm at the Taco Bell.
What?
I'm at the Pizza Hut!
What??
Bo has right to be upset, but being ticked off is terrible justification for harsh restrictions.
Need both sides of story.
U can buy weed with EBT cards now!!!
Most definitely do that !
No, didn't know that.
Is this map licensed to or used by other investigative journalists since '08?
tyvm
Nice piece on shirking, but I think you forget that all sole proprietors are working for someone.
Except, maybe, daytraders
Just got back from a run..
Loving this weather
I need a vacation
Thank you!
It's a good Monday.
:
he's guna blow real soon!
Tara can I have a cat
Still no electricity  Aaaaahhhhh.
Why today.
No electricity mean no phone.
My battery have only 14 
So I guess EHS isn't performing.
Just were on for a second..
I know a few people that don't like coaches.
Meanwhile I'm coaching them.
Ignorance really is bliss
good morning!
Thanks for all the social media love today!
Grateful to have such quality people to CELEBRATE with!!
Trade Pierce
hackweek at Twitter!
I just went back to the episode where you quoted Snoop from The Wire How my hair look?
;; You got the voice spoton, dude.
About to make breakfast.
Overheard in the lobby: apparently you don't need to see the Twilight movies to enjoy The Hunger Games.
hey thanks for following ;
Maybe one day, Oscar Mayer will introduce Lunchables For Adults!
Until then...I guess I'll just continue to eat 7 Lunchables as a meal.
What comment were you about to make?
hot beats
Took about 20 emails but finally got the one I was hoping for.
Lord I hope it do not Snow That much
Saturday I'll be wrestling in Marble Falls.Then Sunday Short film shoot in the morning followed by a wrestling match in New Braunfels,TX.
OutOfURMind if u think MB ain't got swagg...
Roc come to Birmingham Al again n u will get your 1 girl n I'm 14 to ;
Oomf Sittin At This Table With Me..!
I don't know who this asshole kid thinks he is yelling next door but he's ruining my hammock time.
yes sir!
SolanaBeach becomes first city in SanDiego county to banthebag ..
Next?
No kidding ; I'm glad you followed  I should tweet more often!
Concentration is extremely difficult today
Wounds fucking hurt...
Why are you watching the fight?
RT : Seriously, this president is best I've seen at job in my lifetime.
I wish more liberals could stop nitpicking and see that.
Don't forget set o pipefail :
o I missed LA a lot today.
It passed eventually.
No official training but it was an interesting book.
:
i like the way you think very real
Thanks for the Klout article.
Now I just feel bad.
JESUS TAKE THE WHOLE DAMN VEHICLE
You always know exactly what to say.
loveit 
Very excited to launch our online store!
Buy shirts  handcrafted jewelry, with all proceeds aiding childoctorn with substantial hospital debt.
he damn well better!
but ill give him the biggest of hugs and say it was directly from you haha, he'll know who you are
Chemicals In Personal Care Products Can Cause Genital Malformation  Expert
Have you watched them?
Worth seeing?
you rock!
Spread the word!
were named best actor and best actress.
Mine was Heat!
That crappy edition with no special features lol!
Lol Alisha showed her ass at overboard that night.
Peed in the parking lot before we went in and then throw up.
But I held her hair.
Haha
Matt Barnes girl is sexy af!!
Now we are on loop
Dangit!
I wanna see the Whitney tribute!!
I swear.
Some people in class sound like they are high ALL THE TIME.
Rainy, gloomy day in Greensboro but still loving life:
If you like sports
because they're focused only on their own needs.
You're just a resource to be allocated that matched their database query.
.Do the Koch Brothers live in a Stand Your Ground state?
feel threatenedJust sayin'
so do I
Just got home from the debate.
It was rough but I think we did good.
Round 2 at 9am...ugg this is ganna be a long day...
You got it, it's a helluva good point!
Who sez you can't get rug burns from your wall...
: Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
Don't say one thing, then do another.
at
Ken's Broom St is taking care of the cast/crew of NEXT!
I'm still waiting for someone to post a Rocktober reference in a status update.
Yu need to get ya hoe man

toe to toe, nose to nose, oh to O
NO WAY!
this EXISTS!??
Amazing weekend.
Thank you so much to all the people that came out to see us.
I love everyone of you.
Who thinks I should try out for America's got talent??
: Is anyone else having one of those days where everyone they have to interact with seems to be on crack?
headDeskoh yes!!!
Getting ready to our regional convention in Ocean City, Maryland.
Wish I didn't give my teddybear away:
Fair use vs 108, so much has changed since guidelines were created
: Tebow time?
False.
Tebow is located nowhere on a clock, analog or digital.
How do you like the IV osteo meds vs.
weekly/monthly meds?
I'm considering it.
Is this the once yearly?
I saw him again at dusk in the dead pine.
The young Eagle, that he is.
His colors not changed, yet.
while you are adorable, married with childoctorn is not my target audience.
I ain't no homewrecker!
Oh no you didn't.
Now I have that commercial in my head too.
It's the worst!
Dex:Global warming?
Who cares if my grandchildoctorn don't get to see Polar Bears, I didn't get to see Dinosaurs.
Me: Dex, look in the mirror!!
I love Herr!
:
oh and send coffee please...
The threat of 'lashes' would probably prevent me from doing stuff...I'm sure the lasher goes for blood every time.
miss you too
i would like you all to know that the gets margaritas on fridays.
you hear that ??
cc:
Shoutout to for doing my hair for the fashion show tonight
MATT; HOOLES.!
THEE ARE SO MANY OF THEM.!
NOSE HOLES.!
EAR HOLES.!
WATER HOLES.!
BANANAS.!
B A N A N A S.!
OOOOHH.!!!
WHO LIVES A PINEAP ...
PUSSY MAGNET!
Dude, I knew it!
That's a client of mine.
I knew it the second tweeted it.
I could probably walk there within a few hours!
or I could continually call my house until they wake up ;
ha nice!
you crazy kids
buy everything for her?
RT : says he'll develop a veteran's employment center at city hall.
sccmayor.
mayoral debate.
Stop by today and enjoy a burger with brown sugar fried fig on top!
chillin, u have to forgive me, I'm a fan, but atleast I can admit it.
thats step one...........
I hate people who get doctornk and can't handle their liquor, go get a blunt and sit the fuck down please...
Me?
::bats eyelashes:: I wouldn't do a thing like lie to someone.
::giggles hysterically::
Grant Balfour
Morning everyone :
badnight someone talk to me.
Help me get my mind off things...
please?
Fuck!
Really wasnt trying to start allergy season 2 months early this year!
Got sent home from school i'm goin home to fry sum pork chops up on sum fat shit

question from the crowd: what'll happen to health exchange gains made last session if fed health reform is struck down?
Get Ready for Tonight w/ !
It's Monday Let's Party!
okay woo
Oh and p.s.
get on a plane and stop kidding around cuz it's time to get down
Interviewing for a job?
Ask not what a company can do for you, ask what you can do for the company.
What lengths would you go to in order to save your dog?
doctor Mike is on the show today with an inspirational tail.
PTLPun Watch at 9!
No Thank you!
Many times, while writing Doyle Alexander, I'll write Alexander Hamilton.
And vice versa.
They are equally important.
I will get the pics up soon!
by saturday.
Promise :
In a Beauty Rut!?
I am here to save the day.
im sure has seen your tweets like im sure he saw ours you wont get a response but remember when one door closes another opens!
This little tny gotta b most enjoyable around.
Guy raises ep, put him on no prwas right..won a nice pot no shwdwn by defending btn w T5o...
like that hat girl
come to local lounge!
I'm djing at 12!
Don't like me?
Cool...
I don't wake up in the morning to impress you.
RT Oh writers.
Christian Wiman is speaking now, and he's talking about Gravelly Run by A.R.
Ammons....He's quoting from the poem now, the end of it...
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I got another tattoo
Hope everyone is having a great niight
Your faith is the detonator that connects the desperation of your situation to the explosive power of God!
DJ Paul delivers!
RT Me: Dj Paul never played my song!
yes he did, you don't even know what it sounds like!
Me: oh..
Totally Agree: Special Prosecutor Angela Corey is impressive.
Smart, fair, determined to find truth.
justicefortrayvon
The best way to knock the chip off your neighbor's shoulder is to pat him on the back.
Author Unknown
no i have to hold down the fort at the pub for the watch party
Pretty girl shake it.
I Like It Like It Like That.
Because I am I'm just a undercard hopefully
Thanks for being patient and have a fantastic weekend everyone!
Great things coming soon from D3xsoft!
I knoww I heard..
How did that go?
don't wow me, he's better than Travis Ishikawa
good morning : yees , its friday..:
that looks fantastic.
On Social Media: You can't force cool You can't buy love
was he mad happy lol
Hungry?
Let us feed you!
thingsiamthankfulfor 1.
family members and freinds!
2.
caller ID so i can avoid certian family members and freinds!
Documentary vocab continues to grow have three more to my list each more powerful than the last.
Sailor Moon my nigga.
Prince is no longer a Brewer.
He will sign a 9 year 214 Million Dollar contract with the Detroit Tigers.
Pretty damn good  what you up to this morning?
revamping audio gear from yesteryear!
Never doubt that you can change history.
You already have.
Marge Piercy
you need to tell her you hv too much time invested in honing that skill.
Can't let it go to waste now.
Is this a bad sign to Romney's general election chances that he cannot place in the reddest of states?
We can't wait for a delicious staff holiday dinner tonight at !
See you soon!
just saw someone with an old school McSorley Kings jersey.
Immediately rushed to bet on them.
: knows all the words to your songs and swears he's twice as handsome.
Join the SD Public Library 2:30 820 E Street all April for Friday Talking Pictures feat.
Gus Van Sant.
4/6 selection: doctorgstore Cowboy
that makes me inappropriately proud.
maybe you could explain this in Aristotelian terms?
trying that was killing me yesterday.
Yes, that was good enough to repeat.
For.
The.
Win.
Very nice!
PS the bike ride was amazing, and honestly a lot less scary than I thought it would be!
After watching Tegan  Sara: Get Along, I have new respect for the band.
Their life in music is really inspiring to see
Yes, I can
What is your favorite holiday treat?
Use those ovens and bake some holiday cookies!
i had too much fun lastnight....
I heard that today.
I think there stereotype problem is much bigger than I understood.
It inhabits pop culture, all diff.
places
Kobe dagger.
:
2 days in a row, dude behind homeplate in a trench coat and big yellow headphones.
Somebody get him some modern ear buds!
Will someone bring me a glass of white wine?
I'm in booth 318
it was said by a 4 yr old but still...lol
Had a fun afternoon of coffee, shopping, and Parks  Rec with :
Average Bakersfield Rainfall around 6/year, Average Palo Alto Rainfall around 15/year.
Better get used to it!
gocardinal!!!
Part of the problem w/ usercreated news content online is deciding what is trustworthy.
A need for critical thinking  Vint Cerf
Good morning Beauties!
Keep your mistakes and failures in perspective as you try to move forward.
Have a wonderful day!
what it is pimpin!!!
If you want a critique, you probably deserve more than 140 characters.
DM me your email addoctorss and maybe specific questions?
Happy ThankfulThursday!
Take a moment to enjoy that you are Open for Business.
he doesn't look a day over 200!
Wow.
Ouch.
Think my doctoral degree in education means quite a bit, actually.
called you up earlier phone dead???
Go follow
Anyone want to invest 50,000 in me?
I'm good for it.
operation make everyone fat around me is underway.
step 1: girl scout cookies for everyone!
And that's the empty chair where you should be sitting, but you're not.
History of WWII.
Thank god for this class
Just tell Chris .
i think he will be txting me tmister..
and after freshmen, i will transfer.
Had conference call with distributor last week so should be saying something soon.
Last day in Hawaii, for real this time.
Heading home tomorrow.
Anybody know were austin is???
worried havent herd him anybody
The concert was Amazing!
loved it
Lol Im back out starting thurs, i just been lowkey RT : lies.
Who is this new person!!!?
Lol
Why is it that when I have a boyfriend other people like me?
Yet when I'm single none of this shit happens
getting ready for a video shoot...
Ferrari looking right...
Party My Life Away coming soon...
i just saved a search on c OR cccc11 OR 4c11 OR cccc2011  no more trouble than searching a single hashtag
19k entering 100/20025A.
Feeling good after a relaxing dinner in the room.
: Shout out to my followers naa shout out to u gorgeous
Thanks for the FF!
I'm in!!
But I can't comment on it.
Is that okay?
Lol been a lil busy.
I gatchu from now on
aw what a fun age!!
And thanks for your prayers!
So appreciate them!
UTSA now owns the NCAA record for first season attendance!
Dolphins consider logo change
Would help but She play to fucking much deal with it
Thank you!!!
Good to see you again :
can't wait to get some and try it I love a good wine
lol.
Yea I thought about it, but the other side was sittin still too.
Lol
dear Twitter Who to follow: you will never be a playa until you stop recommending a certain overrated pop star
: I am doing some doctornking  before i go out doctornking.
Looking to get lucky with self..
cavs looking three in a row, let's get it cavs
We gave you another shout out.
Really like your stuff!
No one will leave alone after he belts out his song during tonight's dkseminfinals!
I wish I was a pie.
Last meeting of the semester today.
It's been a roller coaster of a year but we are stoked for what future holds for the group!
Oh, Bonnies tapping into her dark magic.
Tip 181: PORNOGRAPHY is a relationship killer; keep your heart, mind,  soul pure from all of that garbage!
Where is the love
Seems like Cash Money Records recruiting all the veterans.....
Or she could just come back and do another fucking show over HERE.
SundayFunday: The lakefront was packed yest so we took it out on the bayou : ilove 2
IM GONNA LIVE MY LIFE!
I LOVE THIS SONG
Watching American Idol for the first time in years.
I used to love this show since the beginning.
I am soo tired today :/ think ill just go to sleep in a couple minutes
a perfectly reasonable gentleman's night out.
My visa for china trip will be ready on Monday.
Yiwu here I come!
Officially declaring all busses as one.
worldpeace Time to extinguish the Flames!
Thanks for including us!
Holiday....finally
WATCHING YO GABBA GABBA WITH MY ONE YEAR OLD
thomas pasatieri, a composer featured in our upcoming 332 concert, taught at ccm in the 80s.
no really the pic is all blurry
So true.
RT All work and no play makes my savings account grow
same here!
I ment mesohorny by crew is awesome : Cereal Bowles
You too, Lorrie!
About to start this skills development workout out.
There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open
I mean I just can't see how you get yo scalp tatted up.
I guess if your stuck bald then it is what it is.
Lmao
Audience boos birth control q
hey; I'm nicole  I'm fine hby?
Please!!!
That would be awesome haha I really just want to finish this class and move on:P
thanks for sharing  that's a great writeup!
: if we hang out tomorrow, I'll do it!
sitting back putting all my issue's in a swisher
Oh holy shit
I'm better than ever : haha I didn't die I promise :O
mmhmm of course...and I know that LA doesnt mean you OUT here in LA...smdh...
Thanks Marissa, aka, future music video honey
Shouldn't Paul Johnson be on one of your shows on Fox?
You and Coulter with Rush could spew some good hate.
such a precious little tot
Busy night !
what's up?
So I'm dating a white guy an I'm really enjoying myself with him
go head boy
just texted you and this time save my number !
:
is doctor J really your godfather?
Good morning.
Welcome to our store this Tuesday morning.
Let us know if you have any questions while shopping.
Cabs are Fab.
Cheers!
...REAL TALK
Overall, Im confused over Leap of Faiths nomination, thrilled for Peter  the Starcatcher, and otherwise ok with
Shout out to all my new followers.
: A strong mind and will conquers all!
I like to believe!!
is that what you say at the dinner table
OKC bout to pull out the broom
Ewww!
I can't stand his ass!
You see, before he came down here, it never snowed.
And afterwards, it did.
If he weren't up there now, I don't think it would be snowing.
I have class Thursday evenings : but I'm going to keep JJH on my funradar now...
Ain't SHIT in the fridge.
FUCK!
Now I gotta see these ratchet ass niggas at walmart.
I know I will.
Never fails!
Would you measure best by broad engagement, or intellectual depth?
And would HNN count as a blog?
Blasphemy!
Instead, The Red Badge of Standardization RT : hmm I'd like to see Gone w the Testing
tara told me she's gonna get john o callaghan to give me a shoutout mhm
My God is still powerful!
I would give away 250K to my church, park 50K away for college edu, Invest 300K untouchable and put 400K into my business
Cool it's only Tuesday.
You never know who may be facing a battle right now.
Be kind to one another, love each other, and talk to each other.
All you need is love3
can't wait for TheVoice tonight!!
I am torn between Tony and Juliette good luck and 3 2 u both x
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work.
That is the recipe.
yep.
annoying!
So we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night Oh what a world I'll keep you safe here with me
That Blackhawks game was so bad tonight, I'm definitely expecting nightmares.
Horrendous loss, painful to watch.
We need you back Toews!
Whenever youre using someone else's bathroom, youre always selfconscious to whether or not they can hear you.
Faboulous will be in the building at Lush on Long Beach,California May 24th.
Tyga just confirmed he will not make it.
lol I don't have wisdom teeth anymore they yanked all four out
Mississippi John Hurt radio.
I can see it now: returns 2 see Rob w full beard, sitting pantless in corner pounding on keyboard w taco shells all ovr
A wise teacher advised: Learn the basics before you become sophisticated!
I am good, but not an angel.
I do sin, but I am not the devil.
I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Asbury Park Comic Con is probably the best experience I've ever had at a convention.
Make sure you go Sep 29!
is definitely the best Bucco blogger twitter.
Me and this guy think along the same lines.
Elegant fashionstar, what don't you get about ELEGANT!?!
It's going to cost me 27 for the library book my dog destroyed.
Are you f'ing kidding me?!
I can get the same book online for 7!!
Blogging about a new raffle prize we just got in.
This one is so cool that I almost don't want to give it away :
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over
Lets stop being messy on twitter and get back to that beat!
Don't you wonder why people who you knew 27 years ago suddenly contact you out of the blue??
well good!
So I can play with your puppy!
And see you obvi!
Its been too long my friend!
Right on time!
Live Your Life  T.I.
I have like five zeros.
dude your wathcing balboa without me?!?!?!?!
I really like SCIP.
Good for kids w unique errors.
Saves time.
Great way to use multiple oppositions tx.
when love takes over
While I enjoy loose leaf tea, I'm not certain of the focus aspectI'm guessing it has more benefits than Focus Vitamin Water
Correction to the last tweet: the memorial was built right after WWI.
Another memorial built in 1993 does not omit those...
lol good cause I don't get paid yet :p and thanks for being sick so no lunch tomorrow :
Wish I could take a pill that would numb the pain I feel from missing my husband he is traveling.
istandgrand please follow me
NEW MUSIC doctorPS TODAY!!
Be Ready.
Hanging out with my best friend without me
Running the BostonMarathon in skinny jeans.
yess we do and they only go to maury because they betta then us white girls
Grinding a subpar tank is strangely enjoyable for a devoted fan such as myself.
Here is the deal Sean, Rebublicans and Demorates need to come together and fix the economy.
Aways disagreement or agreement!why
Will do!
Ugh, wish I had a job to go to tomorrow.
Well the search continues :/
happy birthday
You too!
RT : And just like that it's Sunday morning.
Hope yours is a relaxing and happy one.
pride, followed up w/ hooters, and I'm w/ annnndddiiieeee.
Wish you were in town!
What a great contribution Dick Clark made to music and America.
I love the oldies and he made it fun to listen to them!
Thanks!
The company is a REIT out of Ohio Phillips Edison, but my office will be in Brookfield.
Then why, Miss Sarah, do you support policies that make it impossible for many mothers to FEED their childoctorn?
Heartless!
Hey everyone!
We're redecorating and revamping SFR!
What would you guys like to see and what can you help with?
Cortez: The Vine and the Branches  Sun.Star
that would be awesome!!
I would definitely come!
Listening to the Wicked soundtrack while studying.
Best night ever.
Let's go back.
Sorry ballers, we were having technically difficulties.
Fixed now.
Register until 7 pm tonight.
Go get 'em.
www.gokickball.com/columbus
Thank U for bringing a breath of fresh air to RAW last night..
I hope you stay around for good this time !
They need u !
Never thought to do
hey baby mama 3
no worries, if you would like to enjoy another laugh check out my account balances
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh Italian Cream cake w/Cream Cheese Frosting onsite at Acme!
Order NOW for the Holidays!
6147322803
The only thing that would make the threeday Phoenix forecast better is a haboob.
I am texting Rachel, I love this girl!
Now all we need is some donuts.
I just saw a tray of them moving across the street.
Lunch shopping practice lines for audition dinner and then finally relax!
it's cuz he looks like cody simpson with blue eyes and theyll b like ur lying im always tol im 2 fat nd ugly 4 a guy li ...
I'm cruising around in my Kia!
:
Dan Rather gets a standing O after getting emotional during his call to students to create a better, more racially unified country.
The dear teen me letter I'm writing is gouging my heart out, time for some chocolate...
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work.
We must feel and be affected by it.
This thunderstorm is exactly what I needed today.
There's no better feeling than having a clean room/house!
My fake tan looked good last night, but as more time has passed, I now look orange.
oh well.
why is everyone worried?:/
You're welcome, thanks for your Follow too!
: Really curious to see who wins the 640 million tonight!.
Me too!
Great new blog in the Community section of our site regarding hydoctorcephalus  specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com join us!
Up early to make a Killer egg casserole for Easter brunch with my family.
allnight it's going down tonight TranceFamilylv lvtrancemovement who else is going?
i had it last period
it's a strange comfort.
The unknown is simply too scary for a lot of people.
goodcause MT follow ,  They will donate a penny to Second Harvest Food Bank for each new follower.
okay den...
I'll send it in an hour
Rack city , rack rack city bitch !
And we're off.
First possession, great movement and quick jumper from KG.
if i said yes, would that not be ok?
Volunteerism is essential to our success.
We feel better about ourselves, and build networks!
I am going to get ahead of the game and pick out my clothes for tommorow.
What shall I wear?
RT : So stoked for the NFL doctorft
DO IT!
Big night for Deron Williams 57 points.
Glad I have him on my fantasy basketball team.
he smart enuf to know to go beyond the SouthEast region
Trying to marry money, but that bitch keeps getting cold feet.
thanks for commenting on my new book Mastering SelfMotivation soon to be available to the public in early 2012.
that's what we call winning.
You're a good one, too.
Considering I am doctornk and Christmas shopping.....someone is going to do all right tonight!
gasol should not have even shot that, game was over
Nothing like a little shopping to take my mind off things.
ill miss you guys to, I mean we can keep in touch if everyone wants too!
I am at my sisters this evening.
I love launches.
It's a party for all!
Let me know if you want any ideas.
Every which way but loose!
Off to give talk on New Media, New Modernisms in Albany: magazine studies, crossed with modernism, mixed with Memex.
Richardson/Weeden/Randle isn't a bad trio for the Browns I guess.
You're such an amazing person.
Thank you soo much for everything Aneaa, love you!
3
I heard Facebook added an organ donor 3 option to a user's relationship status

media slam, hackersmack U blame god 4 all things.God judges WBC now as they have judged.
Fear the wrath.
I have Italian too.
And how the fuck am I lucky ?
Did you know that half of all US undergrads attend communitycollege during their college career?
More on the important topic on Monday!
Tomorrow is the Ides of March, but Friday is the day our new iPads arrive at home.
Just figured out why I love mt bank.
They have a ledge below the counter.
It's PERFECT junk level for me.
I love me some
Sure.
What's the best email addoctorss to contact you?
Avril Lavigne is still popular enough that people wishing her happy birthday is trending?
Is it possible that it's 2002 in the Twitterverse?
I feel so smart getting asked to be a tutor
Sleeping in tomorrow
Me too
Next time to tirer, but enjoy  be safe : Who's coming to hang out with me and Ocho tonight?
SouthBeach
I ain't say go2one place I said go suma erwea kan u do wat I say n how I say fa a khange damn dawg
I'm doing amazing :D
I love to write, because I love to live.
oh my god yeah!
We'd kill that shit !
;
Congratulations to for winning Almont Lindsey Award  to for winning Willie Lee Rose Award
Don't call me pet names if I'm not yours to pet.
And most likely, I'm not.
what an impressive journey !
Did the fact that the blog was public help ?
I would guess it made the objective stick.
is ecstatic to be heading to Las Vegas in a couple of days for
I'm listening to Jeffree Star.
Hate on it bitch.
i still wouldve said fuck it we're going to wy.
they cant control what's sold across the street.
punk ass baccis!
That sounds kinda hot.
We're gunna have a poster in College Musical anyone got design experience?
We back !
What, you're not going anymore?
i can't even say i hate KD...
but i can say i dont want the thunder to win...
I never realized it...
but Cheerios kind of snap, crackle, and pop too.
You should try it.
Successful wedding in the pouring rain!
Now onto the reception soaked.
I follow people just to follow people on twitter, hoping they'll follow me back so my followers list doesn't look so pathetic...
Christian Williams Words are a heavy thing...they weigh you down.
If birds talked they couldnt fly.
Yes!
I followed you.
Can you now follow back?
loving !!!
everyone should tune in to see some real bitches
Watching a movie in anthropology today.
What a wonderful announcement!
Well, my mandolin got to Oregon today, now waiting repair.
Apparently I feel musically lonely, without my greatest instrument friend.
sent me one of his card things on August 15th, 2011.
killed it tonight!
I lost a gauge but it was totally worth it.
I know, people are clueless and then everything is only reinforced for young kids which keeps the cycle going
you're welcome hun!:
The ATP  WTA finally meet in the middle  let the women play the men.
First tournament surface to be blue tempurpedic.Or grass.Wet grass.
Rock On!
Ashton Kutcher is replacing Charlie Sheen on Two and a Half Men.
Now I'm more excited than ever to continue not watching it.
Conspiracy theories are the ultimate refuge of the powerless.

...
his talke is held arguments, when the Scripturearguments are held but talke.
Thomas Adams
....nice to know?
Creep.
FWD: M im gonna get in the shower.
To get all wet.
And soapy.
And stuff
should come over today :D
Why is the Left so INTIMIDATED by the Tea Party?
China's ageing population
Morning Fb.
What's your plate this week?

Also, want to introduce you to an EDTech Expert in DC who's a teacher that can give you feedback
take her to McDonald's lol
Looks like fun was had by all.
What an experience 4 ur son.
Wow!
for sure.
You going to annual?
This weed is some good shit.
Denver wins the toss.
Will Tebow's do it again?
No motivational quotes tonight.
I just want Tony Romo  the defensive backs fired tonight!
It is time for Jerry Jones to Wake Up!
This is an important guide to how you can own a record label
spice your page up .
Your the baddest on earth !
Finally headed to rehearsal
Seattle Symphony?
I've been looking for a good Pops Orchestra out here.
I gotta start exercising again.
My tummy is starting to look a little pudgy lol
Don't Say  I Love You  if you telling other bitches that to !
You know it's going to be a good day when two songs come up on shuffle on your way into work.
Let's do this Friday.
Ugh.
This cold is not joking around.
Gonna be a short work day.
I need my couch and toy poodle.
It's Wine Down Wednesday!
Come enjoy halfprice select bottles of wine tonight!
its only 6 o'clock, and you say me and start early
Yuck.
Don't even want to think bout that
A Brooklyn film for a Brooklyn audience.
Kid throws, misses.
Boy 1: Think the Dodgers would hire him?
Boy 2: To play for the Giants.
yeah Donny boy..look at Wisconsin dead last in jobs under RScot Walker.
have a relaxing rest of your night!
That awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk, had to explain what he was doing to the cow.
You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars
We were trending on Wednesday, lets see if we can trend again starting tomorrow!
You no tweet no mo?
I'm great thank you for asking!!!
So stoked to see y'all again!
Hopefully soon!
A same thang when I was working at ups them bitches be vultures lmao
Real and true not as useful as most think and can be more useful than most know how to make them.
Aw man!
Totally forgot to put on running tights as a layer today.
Why is it I feel so alone right now?
I shouldn't but I do.....
:/
Coming to the Annual Users Conference June 1315?
Follow to get live conference tweets  updates as they happen!
Sincerest condolences to the Garcia family; it's a loss for the whole BC community
I'm a Stoner yeah yeah yeah you get the picture now..
Olive oil has natural antioxidants and its soap makes a creamier lather.
That's why The Soap Guy uses olive oil in all of his soaps!
We sure do, thanks!
RT : The NW Association of Book Publishers helps independent publishers/authors create  market their books
Dates of Nazareth Dance fest are July 1221.
Glad your back RT : We are looking forward to it.
Hope to see a great turnout again this season.
man my gramma be slick when she tells me what to do..
baba i think theres dishes in the sink or oh only one?
Need yall to follow back....
Wow, NBC axed the 3 best comedies on network television in one felt swoop.
My favorite approach RT : Stop asking me about the job search.
When I have one I'll let you know...
Thanks
What dance events are going on this weekend in DC, MD  VA?
Reply back using the hashtag
anybody ever think that when an animal runs out into traffic they could be trying to committ suicide??
I'm done with this haha goodnight!
:
AngieChuang, AmericanU, at WFUD12 conference: Journalists just don't talk about or think about fair use.
Definition  scope unclear
In average PPC customers are better than TV generated leads  magazine advertising is very hard to track.
But SEO is still the best ROI yet.
Thanks for the RT.
Spread the Vegan Word
alright b
heading to the tweetup/social at Passanger and RFD.
Photographing doctornk libs last night was easy  will need to be stealthy tonight!
I'd like to do a set of pictures where I pose like all the hottest women.
What do you think?
, are you in?
Guys, time is ticking: If you don't switch teams, your girlfriend WILL force you to see What To Expect When You're Expecting.
Capezio is the official shoes for Allegro Dance Company!
www.capeziodance.com Only the best!
How do think the new facebook timeline for business pages layout is going to effect the way you present your business?
You're amazing!
:
When choosing a puppy typically the best puppy chooses you rather than the other way round!
woah i think that's worse then not seeing titanic, like way worse!
: True, who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance.
We say Rihanna.
Son if Squindale puts a hat on that platypus and names him Perry.....bruh
Text us your sports questions  comments for our !
Ohh how did i forget that doug has an enormous grapefruit tree in his backyard??
Taking a big bag home with me!!
:
Hi Tatyana  we do them all inhouse.
We have a talented woman who thinks of them and designs them...
i thougt friends were forever but i guess not .
.
Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
Let's add.
Still images too.
Connecting visually with excellence.
Using video to reveal your business's human side.
I hate wen my computer heat up...
LMAO It's a tablet that touches you back
Also, why do clocks even make noise?
If I need you, I will LOOK UP AND ADdoctorSS YOU...
I'm going to throw this thing out.
Home sick listening to boagworld
Deadliest Catch tonight!
don't cry for me Mar Vista
TY for the retweet.
SeeSaw definitely does extend the conversation: cc:
Ima Texts You :
What about Brooklyn?
The Forgotten Waltz?
Carry The One?
Mirror on the wall here WE ARE AGAIN
fingers are crossed for an instantclassic 5setter.
let's go federer
Gotta earn my respect it's not that easy!
Now that I am traumatized by the upcoming generation who will be one day running the country......time for a bong hit.
wait you made a new twitter?
thanks Chad
DITTO!!!
RT : I'm tired of seeing the Christian Lattner shot!
lol it's in June that's when u sang to me psycho!
Lmao and u should put it in yours
now which color ?
2000 words exactly.
hates poison ivy...poison oak...or whatever this affliction may be!
that's ok after 5 hour tempo ride at the udder century and my legs fell off after 80.
Time trial 28 mph for 30 miles.
tomorrow night
What if one day you randomly wake up as a baby and realize that your whole life was a doctoram.
Surprise afternoon starbucks!!
Thanks to !
I like boobs.
This isn't a problem its good.
Boobs are nice.
Daniel Francis, my love.....
This is so you!!
Think our Jets vs.
Patriots trip to New,York last year, hee, hee!!
What made you laugh, the tweet or the professorle statement?
:P
Forgot to post yesterday: I knocked out my 15 minute abs routine.
Week 2 is now complete.
Moving right along to week 3.
Let's get it y'all!
Let's see if my voting paid off last night :
Getting good travel info from and and
Happy Early Birthday Mamacita!
Hah Have Fun!
Haha, summer of girls here we come!!
I should've made chocolate chip cookies today!
:o
Listening to Alex Wolff play Advocacy Summit.
Very talentedand he cares about kids living in poverty!
I feel ya.
:/ I had me and Adam's wedding planned...
so dude u get a kick out of stealing the identity of someone.
how would u like it if someone did it to you
Who knew?RT : wernt u guys saying the bucks would lose against the knicks and against miami???
What's the fuss...Harry's the true catch!
Cute, naughty, doesn't have all the royal duties W has.
Lmfaoo !!
MBLyricsTurnedoctortchet should trend !
But I want MB to contribute to this TT , that would be hilarious !!
It's 70 degrees on the first day of spring.
A glass of rose or white wine on our patio is calling your name.
Life is uncertain.
Eat dessert first.
I spent a couple of hours working last night and I'm glad I did.
It's going to make today super easy!
Um Both But We Can Share Vinny
Help there is too much male testosterone in my house!//Run the vacuum cleaner.
It's painful to male ears...
;
Just finished sub 40 min 5 miler for 2nd day in a row..Time for some beer!
Thank you so much
yaaaasssss...!!!!!
What dayton get here
Currently in NM.
Won't be able to accommodate private lessons until Sept.
25th.
Video doctorlls coming soon!
Play it as it lies.
Kitteh is not happy about takin a car ride today.
And quite loud about it.
I watched the alphas pilot last night pretty damn good!
Are you seriously only 22?
Le sigh.
LOL.
Punks jump up to get beat down.
Sunny Day.
Sweeping the clouds away.
On my way to where the air is sweet.
Getting the Childoctorn's Garden ready for Saturday's planting today.
www.pledge4patriots.com is taking a caravan of volunteers from Sedalia, Mo to Joplin.
WED, June 01,2011 interested in going join or donate
saving the reference day!
Good Morning.
Next week at this time I will be helping to set up the for it's season opener.
Happy mothers day!
: 33
do you have any tips for the eyepencil virgin?
It's easy to make a buck.
It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
.
Hi there!
You can follow Donovan House goingson w/ us now.
Rooftop bar opens at 5pm every night for HH.
Come enjoy!
swag don't pay bills
Your welcome!
Cheers.
Yo Cas holla at me when you have a chance.
I need to get at you about a track of your
You are horrible !!!
What a loser!!
Can You Wish Me Good Luck?!?
I'm Competing Against Alot Of Other Kids In Orange County Tomisterow!
Please?
Whew!
Slept almost 12 hours last night.
It's safe to say I needed to catch up on some sleep.
Time to go get 'em, and seize the day.
That song.
oh my.
3
Headed to target practice and to throw tomahawks WITH my hubby.
This should be a memorable experience!
have a trill one bro
awww!
you're making me one, how sweet!
The words You dun goofed don't even begin to describe the situation.
Sponges are still harvested in Tarpon Springs, but tourism is now the largest industry.
Chicago Bears have agreed to phrases with secondoctorund doctorft ...
Youngsters make mistakes the mess is cleaned upchange diaper and move on!
Adultsembarrassment and fear of making mistakesno change!
I hate doctors
i requested STDF on radio disney : it's an amazing song!
love you 3
One time for everybody on they grind.....
Awesome : I'm going to try to stop in for a brew while out there
pshh u know i cant cook ese!
lol its cool pancake cool lol it funny
Hahaha anytime :D
I have a Nook.
Now I want a tablet.
Sigh.
how did I not know you watch revenge?!
The plot is getting so thick!
Love it!
you have a breathtaking hiney I mean that things good, I wanna be friends with it
My Kelly is sick.
:
hey get at me for true handcrafted scissors by me for real pros peace
A Fantastic Christmas Day Had all my Kids home and the Grand Kids too.
Just doesn't get better for me Love them so much I am truly blessed
same, school, homework bored lol
Thanks for the retweet!
Take care.
NO I Am not joking I am hacked
nyquil  they advertise it as the nighttime, sleepy, stuffy head cold medicine.
no leo, no leo soy de palo y tengo ojos de chino
This summer I'll be working making Vegas beautiful..it's all about the waxing, facials  great skin care!
:
Major shakeup at the Milwaukee Co Sheriffs Dept.
Exclusive details at 10pm
11:11 make a wish everyone and wish for the best out of life :
OMG pearland is so far!!
i need her numver
listening to richard lawson right now on blogtalkradio!
hey girlfriend text me back?
Even the stars may burn, sometimes the fall to the earth
it was really good.
you should try!
I Love All These Libra Things Yu ReTweet
Happy Star Wars day, everybody.
May the fourth be with you!
Protesters again fill street circling Capitol for second Saturday.
MPD says crowd could swell for 3 pm rally.
Check out !
we have a UI Designer req opening.
Our first designer at a Greylock funded startup
And its definitely on cuddle mode.
thanks stud!!
kisses
The 2012 NCAA Baseball season starts today.
Bam.
Springtime.
Let's go BC!
Add cabbage to you diet.
It is packed with glucosinolates, chemicals that defend your body from cancercausing free radicals?
That's so great to hear!
Hope to see y'all back here soon!
In love
can't wait will be there!!!
it already is rileyfusco capitals dont matter and i dont want it to be my real name cause you can already see that
how was your day Adam?
:
Influenster will be running programs exclusively for moms and greens in August.
Don't forget to unlock your badges!
same to you Ross!
Thanks for the FF You're swell.
: Honestly the Hawks should have at least made the Finals with that roster.
They got talent
I'll let my mom know, she still doesnt know you're coming.
i uh..havent told anyone yet
I need more followers a shoutout
Thanks for the follow :
Thanks Definitely, let's talk.
You guys are doing fantastic work!
Thanks to forMT; thanks also to
It would be awesome if there was a website somewhere full of PSD mockups for people to practice cut ups on.
And by people I mean me.
get some beats!
THANK YOU for your hard work these last 4 years I have enjoyed watching you grow and improve....
even if you are a viking fan.
Some of the biggest mistakes made were made under the influence.
Quick question: Who is coordinating student volunteer activities for the conference?
WSR never stops.
Stretch killed it with Rhymecal tonight.A beautiful example of hip hop evolution.
And what one can do with the power of word And challenges

Gonna start to bring down my BFI so I won't feel it on the pitch!
Nonstop sprints back  forth in games are deadly.
Many reallife warnings are bogus scare tactics to convince us not to use our superpowers.
So this is excellent storytelling.
Happy Birthday to all those celebrating a Bday in March!
The good folks at have also been hard at work redesigning much of our interface to make it: faster, easier, clearer.
I MADE THE HIGHSCHOOL CHEER TEAM!
CAN I GET A WHAAT WHAT?:3
I am leaving.
Yes.
Goodbye
My big dogs want only puppy chow.
My puppy wants only big dog food.
I'm changing the names on the bags to confuse them.
The new bar is fresh and shiny and ready to rest your pint!
Stop in for one or three tonight!
This is not a pretty basketball game.
is there any way we can schedule a skype call Monday at like 6 PM?
I want to figure things out for Friday!
definitely!!!
Will have to meet up!!!
lol!!
So how's the first day at the new job?
Can expect too much more from a guy who hits a fire extinguisher
6 games and no Tigers starter has a win
Did that just happen?!
Did THAT just happen?!
OHplease retweet
Persistence wears down resistance.
Today, choose to release your cares to the Lord.
Let Him fill you with His peace and joy.
Receive the rest that He promises.
Had a pretty good day....up until about two minutes ago :
So excited for maple donuts this weekend.
We sold out of the raspberry jelly donuts last weekend!
Now raving about James Brown!!!
If all you had in your record collection was the music from Bruce's keynote you would be bad ass cool!!!
plz follow me it would mean the world 3 u cuteness
Sounds great, Daniel!
This finish to Chi bs Mia is crazy.
Not in a good way either.
Can't stop laughing at this.
Honestly?
Why.
Listening to that Cd!!!
real hip hop!!!
hot album please cop that worth the money
One of the first things I tell clients.
Good job.
Happy Birthday DC!
Keep living out your doctoram.
That's what the PR blast email says with his upcoming tour dates.
doesn't tweet much, but he's just composed an awesome mini score for the prologue of the Electric Six video.
Miami 2 Bohemia!!!
I see you
I guess i should stop screwing around on here and actually get ready.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes for She appreciates it :
Q2 Annual Surveyhuh?
good work at The B1GTourney JJ.
Tow contract at PSNS.
All I can think about is Parking Wars.
Someone stole my pink Post Its.
Really?
age of retirement, people are faced with major changes in lifestyles.
According to Duvall, there are a number of demands ...
Because it's full of random stuff.
It's a matter of preference, but California just isn't a place where I'd go regularly.
SoCal is fun, maybe once per year or so.
Tuned in to Jay Leno...I love seeing do an interview lmao
Anyone coming into cwcon want to recommend/share a shuttle from the airport?
Good win WVU
My boyfriend asking to take me to a Sandals resort in Jamaica  made my day sweetheart lucky girl right here 
just how west coast are we talkin!?...
Like Vegas west coast, or PAC NW...
west coast!!!??
On this date in 1852 !st Lady Louisa Adams died  Congress took unprecedented action to suspend business on day of her funeral.
Shooting some photos went great yesterday and you can bet we'll be rockin on Sunday!
hey buddy, my friends daughter wanted to know if saga was 18  up on certain days
You fell for that Twalue thing too?
Please excuse my mistakes.
We'll learn more as we go.
But I do promise that it you I have running through my mind.
When does the new Yung Bux EP come out I need it
I think working as a SM manager requires finesse and a love for short copy and conversations.
It can get exhausting
Snowflakes as big as softballs are falling in Loudoun.
A beautiful winter morning!
Obama: I like coke.
Fox News: Obama declares war on Pepsi!!!
Hello, I am interested in the summer intern position and I would like to know more, but I can't DM you.
Thanks!
We are trying that with tech...helps a little but not near enough
With trial pair of hearing aids I can actually hear a tweet now.
Hey!
I watched those too!!
Lmao
I just finished a 5.63 mi run
I cried through the whole new your legit the only reason i watch it.
if doctorzzy say get her ima get her
Curated public websites created jointly by communities across nations just 1 ex of how museums  digital media can build bridges
: In stillness there is knowing.
more like
How the hell can one call oneself a revolutionary and a Republicrat?
like a black K member or an educated christian...
wtf?!?!
r u a WWE fan?
After session love to hear more thoughts on curation; it's a skill to develop, but not just for LD, IMO.
...for another sham marriage?
RT Listening to at a shoot always gets me in the mood!
Thanks Sean for another great event.
Gotta love
God!
I just love basketball and cheering at the games is fun.
Too bad I suck at playing basketball:/
He's quick, especially on a slick track like that.
Wish we had more mods around here but I guess that goes for every class.
Any idea where I can hear Uecker's call?
Us Minnesotans don't have the pleasure of hearing Bob on a daily basis.
My aid had been canceled for that year and I owed the fees for that semester!
A 4500 dollar bill.
I had to leave school and dorm...
good for you man, those songs most definitely deserve a physical release
Thanks for the RT!!
A: take everything back offline: personalization of products

Hard Rock Cafe Downtown Memphis firstfridaysmemphis
Oops...
Haha...
Well this is awkward...
Just talked with I'm so excited for her visit this weekend!
Had some baklava.
Dewey is BOMB
Down over 20 lbs since January 1st and it's all thanks to Best 100 I've spent since buying the original Nintendo at age 7.
damn , i ain't been on twitter in a while waddup ?
Headin over to office depot to buy some doctorgon Software.
Anybody use before?
I'm truly blessed love..
thanks for asking!
Wyd?
LMAO  thought is was chick from Juno film!
RT : I've added a video...Susan Boyle performs Duet with Elaine Paige 
hell, we doctorve for three hours, giver me a high five line or something
Nice to meet you!Heard from Tamir the other day.Yeah,he's a great teacherand a great friend,too!Love him and Sherry dearly.
Is anyone teaching APUSH collaboratively with APLANG?
I'm trying to get this set up  my school.
Suggestions?
Are you ready to leave one comfort zone to enter into your destiny?
mister Hanky rocks!!
Turned off the light and stubbed my toe on the bed...
I hope she cancels that test tomorrow.
I won't be able to breathe by the time the end of TheVoiceFinale.
holyshit, everyone is soo good.
WHERE IS ?!
Great win boysRT : Refs had isu in bonus 5 mins into half.
Mizzou not even in bonus less than minute left in game.
At ottobar in baltimore and its lovely.
Be here now.
great buddy, u?
Fk Tucker.
Tucker sucks.
Thanks to all for the Happy Birthday wishes!
I wil RT and if they email me I can fwd to group as well.
Austin, i love you3
Get yur PHD player hater degree
No worries about the Swedes, but actually thinking MOG b/c of higher audio qual.
you REALLY should connect with Just had an amazing conversation with her...you'd LOVE her.
i'm confused but yes i lost my phone again.
RT : Shout out to our new Twitter followers Elie  Tanisha  great film  a story for good!
..you think?
You ought to know by now, silly..you can't FORCE a person especially in matters of love..try making over,
Enjoying the Klout love for pinterest!
Thanks 
I'm ready!
: RT How Social is Impacting Biz w/  Twitter Marketing w/  Are you ready?
Missing teen mom cause the dish isnt hooked up : hopefully will catch it the second time around
u think ur fresh or somethin?
Doesn't everyone?
RT : !!
Duder, you looked just right Sumpin legit 'bout it.
Real, real cool.
Beauty day at J.Nicole's Day Spa and Salon!
Why why why?!
: your avi is PREEETTTYYY!thank you.!!!!
wtf no way...
Shot someone lmaf ha
Middoctornk, I ask what erica is doctornking.
She signs to me, WARTER.
I'm so happy.
Follow bakk please
I am on the site now and could easily add you : Just let me know.
What a great day it has been, how about you?
check out to create your Virtual Tours .
Fullscreen unlimited photos, statistics,.
Syndication to major sites,more
Happy Easter to everyone much love god bless!
Just finished my pictureinpicture video tutorial
happy birthday 23
Every young frenchman would vote for you if you doctorve around on one of these and your life would be a lot more fun...
eat your nachos on your own time!
Nothing quite equals the freedom of doing that thing which once seemed impossible.
Jim Woods
You could run for Congress on that platform.
RT : Plastic flowers are never OK...planting them outside should earn you damnation.
Lauren Thanks for the follow.
UT Photographers
Love a lifestyle special vacation 100 per night Caliente Resorts
welcome to twitter.
We want to connect audiences with each other and their powers within
Go see War Horse!
OMG, tears and tears and tears.
My ovaries are gonna be gone if you all keep posting insanely attractive pictures of the boys....
I'm liking the view on Fryman today.
And I'm not talking about the valley.
Nothing like awkward questions from your cab doctorver about the Museum of Sex to help prep for a meeting!
Merry christmas !
don't let them cut you off in class either.
Now watching Knowing
RT : This is time when medicine and healthcare will undergo a transformation doctor Reed
Y do wires get so tangled with other wires?
A a pile of shoelaces would not get tangled together, same point with Twizzler Pull n' Peels.
This year help someone make a memory!
Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on sale nowgive the gift of fun this season!
Call us 8008037245
Yup, prayer is extremely powerful!
That's why we're building this prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org
good morning world ...
lets get it .......
THE doctorAM TEAM
Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one Emma Goldman
Ever had an idea so big and bright and shiny it blocked out the moon for you, left you sleepless, breathless?
That's where I am right now.
Just tell me you exceeded him.
Study Grind.
No you don't!
You're pulling my leg, right?
RIGHT?!
Alex Kronemer is now speaking at the Peacemakers webinar about how UPF created the dialogues project.
www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
Yes.
This is 2012.
People need to be more openminded about all aspects of life including sex.
He's still Mike Stanton to me!
BallDay was yesterday for tune into NOW to find out how it went.
I already realized I left out some songs I would have liked to include.
Moron.
Of course, this recommendation comes from a guy who's still reading about the history of Canadian communications policy.
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my vagina, so bang me maybe?
Goal setting.
We just did it  now we want to know what's one thing you're doing in 2012?
Ha, yeah, my feelings on this are definitely influenced by being like Hannah in that regard...
Sometimes I wouldn't believe my life if I wasn't living it
RT : take yo azz home and go to bed!!shut up.
I was just with yo lil girl, yo mama, and my kids..and tha dog
Tweet RevolutionSaturdays and win a FREE BOTTLE!
I loved it.
More....
TIBP thanks for proving yummy food for our annual gala on November 3rd in support of arts education!
I'm sorry...did she discuss eating the placenta?!
Really!!?
alright dude.
Another job interview..
trying to get
Eating Spanish Food!!
WePaAaA
Thanks, man!
We'll have to celebrate back in mpls...
And thanks to you for helping blaze the trail.
Huge part of the spirit.
Me too.
haha you're the one who works there.
Thanks for not telling what an idiot I look like.
the conversation with oomf  and the other convo with my new bestie
: hey how do I log out I dno how.
haha!
Thanks Dave!
Appreciate it.
Let me know if there is anything I can help with...
just trying to make a dollar out of fifteen cents!
i have one follower .
does that make me a loser ?
/3
n we have practice tomorro :/
Wild at Heart.3
In shock.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Public service announcement: the trolls are in full force on youtube.
: into MSP Thurs night, doctorving to MKE Fri, to ORD sun, back to SEA Mon.
Everyone is going home Sun I think.
In school ..
so ready to go home ...
thinking about leaving early !!!
TODAY: Nameless Sound Creative Kids BAND, Lucas Gorham, Manu Gonzalez, Jason Jackson  David Dove HAA Stage Sat.
27th 1pm
In a running mood?
Great events coming up this month: sdsportstoday.
sandiego running
Recommended formula: 20 of tweets about your org/other 80 more about other events/resources/links re: your industry.
All checked in, have a coffee, let the wild vacation start!
Ice skating with my lil sister !
W.O.L.F.
GANG BUT WE NOT OF  WE ONLY LIVE FOREVER
where the fuck have you been the last couple days?
IMissYou WorkOut needs to start!!!
Hi, how r u doing?
Division champs
Tegan and Sarah...doing it
wtf is that noise i keep hearing!
lol
yes to both : look for 500 words soon 
Ok, ok, we love the guess...but the only way to find out is to listen to all week.
Heh.
;
Nike will unveil new NFL jerseys on Tues.
I'm expecting bland from the Browns.
Just like everything else they do.
Who gives a shit what people are wearing, you pretentious bastards.
Get to the awards.
i had no idea you had a thing for Kathleen Hanna..that feeling is mutual
Follow me...like now?!:
Forget what just happened....I still can't believe his name is World Peace 
Wow!
It's been a crazy couple of days and another crazy day tomorrow.
Fingers crossed for me tweetlings!?
you can text first too.
:
Where do you see that?
Remember when sitting boy girl boy girl was a punishment?
I'll vouch for you : RT : Brad kesolowski just gained 55k followers 30 mins.
Can I get just one?
I can doctorve too!
Yes.
Seriously.
I want you to see, how bad you miss me, and how bad it hurts to see the one you love, with someone else..
RT : Lisa and George are in Miami!!
First thing dad says after getting off the plane Put on !
is that George Clooney's daughter?
That's fancy!
Oh you're doctornk?
Please come into my room and hit me with a pillow.
I wasn't trying to sleep.
I figure life's a gift and don't intend on wasting it
Okay, library world: who is getting excited about ALMA?
A dark world longs for a splash of sunlight
Going to sleep.
Night people!
Block party Chicago tonight..
Vince Vitrano..just heard from your sister...she's voting for Mike Gousha....just kidding :
Happy Easter everyone!
:
Awesome.
Being forced to move by the end of the month.
Uh...cool.
I don't know what National Cleavage Day is but I like the sound of it wheresthecelebration?
I wish you this Christmas Eve doctornk with happiness!
omg you were in the skate girl island episode of zeke and luther.
COOL its on right now.
:
Lol!!!: Uhn huh  Now its bye I was just saying lol 
Screw this goodnite, I will try again tomorrow!
No love
LSU introduces exTiger player Jones as new coach
hahaha I'm telling you, I was being serious!
Matchmaker...
:D
GrnBz IF11 closing session: what if we strove for happiness not money?
what would that mean for our communities and childoctorn?
face it yo she looks like a lightskinned nigga RT : ChicagoMadeSean he's tripping.
that body  face  unf
I wanted to so bad!
But I have so much freaking homework it's insane!
lo oO did u told her it Was an accident?
Paranormal activity 3 with the sisssy :
do you think Bruce Lee could take down Crazy Bones?
He was the best martial artist ever.
I'm wit that DJ!
He's rt up there!
Grey hair in all
Nice!
Diggin' that big French Clarendon!
It never gets old  For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
We can never outgrow this reality.
Very cool.
I feel somehow unprepared for this bit of good news.
Church tonight at CGO, going to the Chino concert my God im excited !!
God is good!!
D
why you leave ?
We went your direction first on the bus
Petition deadline is Feb 15th!
for ward5se candidates.
Congrats to John for his early submission.
yes they are!
RT : Hey, Scott, how's it going?
Are the products from your store delivered to other countries?
Im not liking this!
Cyberpolicy  governance are not just about govt.
Policies and SM architecture impact social movements and freedom of expression
Going to Hop Leaf for the perfect night cap.
Much love Chicago.
You are amazing!
most important thing in a relationship is trust.....
Well, after sex  hygiene
naw babe I'm cheering.
pics from your epic bday bash are up.
Lol..
I was there last night.
Fun game!
Just as guess but the farthest from the left is you Bill?
That's good!
You have a whole year to prepare!
How is UCLA gonna fare with Muhammad?
yanks/ baseball not the same with out him.....sad sad way to go out
Live tweeting the call to action!
myweakness boys that come up behind you and put there arms around your waist.
I'm not talking to any nigga that still loves they ex SHIT JUST AIN'T POPPIN :
Maybe you can cut it to, say, 1 billion?
Im sure you can still maintain a fabulous lifestyle with just a billion, no?
Yes, that is for sure!
Great to connect w/ you, too!
RT Great 2 connect with you.
Lots of cheerleading going on in San Diego...
Fellas If You Kant Eat Pussy There Is Nothing Wrong Wit Takin Lessons
Covering Super Tuesday elections for
I think I like latin women.lol
I'm not a fool, that's why i'm moving on :
boo hiss
Okay Pandora, tell me how Adele is like Erykah Badu????
thank you love!
How was your trip to Lake Geneva?
Hyped for Wednesday leading worship in Carrollton, GA!
just stopped at a Target in LA.
So much tofu.
Almost fainted.
The weather feels good now might go to the lake
Thankyou for following!
I'm afriad Act1v1s1on's decision to make CoD a yearly release will only further the comparison.
No you don't.
Have to watch closely, antibiotics, other meds.
See my tweet starts w/ ER...
you can never have too many cats!
nice story steve!!
fuckin prick.:
and where is that

charades  awesomeness!
you look beautiful baby.
Think you are living the high life?
You haven't lived at all until you live for Jesus!
I'd like to congratulate Greg Oden in becoming the ONLY Buckeye I've EVER felt bad for.
I need something to eat
We were attacking dumb parents.
If you want to take it personally then obviously you're going to, but it was not a blanket state.
Yes 2days Thursday..
The fashion show is 2day haha  I'm up way too early
If you didnt come to ma planet tonight you were wrong.
R.I.P.
MCA.
Cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce.
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but they limit frustration and resentment.
Co workers eating pink slime for lunch.
Ewwww!!
The Social Network is 95 inaccurate  on the movie's resemblance to the true story of Facebook  Mark Zuckerberg
Glad I got to see you Thursday!
Take care of my city for me.
I'll be back to check on it soon.
I'm so hungry dude!!
:
thank you for the Whitney memoir, we can't wait.
hey I was thinking we should hang out.
Been way to long!
It's a word, but I guarantee you he didn't use it in the right context.
It's almost physically impossible to turn off the radio when a Bob Marley song is on
I Had Fun For Chris Birthday.
Although I Wasn't With Him In Person Lol.
I got all 3 internship offers I wanted for this summer!
Decisions, decisions....
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Back to indy
please don't come in today and if you do, keep your germs at your end of the hall.
Join me and the CAM Connect team at Lily's Seafood in Royal Oak, Jan 28 from 5:308pm.
CAM celebrity bartenders on board to serve you.
D3 extends good luck wishes today to: K.K., T.J.
A.C.!
Also, a heartfelt congrats to M.H.
on a amazing offer.
D3 is honored to assist.
Little: Financial impact of credit rating is small.
A few days ago, he said there was NO impact
He's so spoiled!
SURF Report: 34 ft waist to shoulder high occ.
5 ft.
POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
fudge.
Lol have fun!
gah save me some!
This episode of Glee was so sad.
Crying:
so what's a newspaper album?
do y'all think another one is coming soon?
Just arrived at the Penn Museum for the Love Hurts lecture and the fire alarm goes off.
Ha!
I LOVE it here!
I walk to the beach every day and it's still sandal weather 
WOW!
Franklin took it back way behind his head and tomahawked it down!
That got Viejas loud!
I had a meeting yesterday and the lead guy says, Where do u want 2 start?
It's a choose ur own adventure!
your picture is kuhhh yute, i wish i would've been able to come /:
yes xD doing more soon!
Lol jealous much?
It was just an observation how you blow things out of proportion..just couldn't imagine how you'd react to that situation.
Just noticed that
Specialized in insuring the Brick and Brownstone homes typical of South Brooklyn.
Fantasia might just be in order!
Thanks, Happy Saturday!
:
Breaking News VA TECH Alert possible person with gun seen near dining hall on campus
best birthday present would be Mario Williams being a Bill?
I THINK SO
Thanks, I appreciate that.
you just need a little positivity man.
Luke Bryan 
Thanks for gitl Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events and small minds discuss other people
No nail polish always looks better than chipped nails
not a joke.
Q: What do you call a man who lives in an envelope?
A: Bill.
what?
Tell me more.
That's my town outside Cleveland.
Farewell tour in Edgewater before the move: Tonight, burgers and Berghoff Dark at Moodys.
In the event of nuclear fallout, I have cases of canned laughter in my bomb shelter.
This is fucked upRT I wonder if Michael Jackson actually looks like he did in the Thriller video by now...
Why should content NEVER be an afterthought?
Don't be a holefiller.
Join 's workshop Content Strategy 101 at
Give me books, French wine, fruit, fine weather and a little music played out of doors by somebody I do not know.
John Keats
American Psycho is a good movie
I like your take on boobies, cause
Randomly awake  ready to get some work done.
At the leastneed to organize these thoughts.
Yikes.
RT : Following Virginia Tech situation live Scary and sad...
Less than a week left in our current BUZhunt SWAG Round!
Competition is fierce, but prizes are still up for grabs...
http//buzb.uz
Can't sleep but can definitely still cough!
Me: So you're saying is that I just pick six things and you figure out the rest.
Saleslady: You're the first one to understand our sale.
I love him soo much yo :
To day was such an awesome day for my new business!!
New location tons of storage for boats, great show area NW boat sports rules!!!
woo just signed up for my first credit card!
I've lost two followers today.
What the actual fuck?
Post Depression
that's disgusting...
RT : Sign up for our free prostate cancer seminar featuring NFL star Mike Haynes and doctor Christopher J.
Kane 9/13...
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMOORW.
fuck.
i dont want to.
I love the way you try to include us loyal followers in your life by asking our opinions.
Thanks, dude!
THANK U
yea man, day off today..i feel real creative today
done!
Thanks, coach!!
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late.
Being late sends a negative message.
oh!
why do i love yogurt so much?
Or anywhere actually
Call Me Maybe in the morning?
Uh YEAH :
Happy valentines day!
heard from a little birdy might be a remix of chasing the reds!
And maybe LoveS b cool.don't confirm our ears will wait!
AWESOME:i''l wait fr tht day to cme:
yea thats the way to be!
I'm a sponsor for D.A.R.E.
lol
Thanks for the follow.
Just so you know, I think you are really amazing.
: Have a great weekend!
Melt bar  grilled.
One of my favorite Cleveland traditions.
I love Twitter because it reminds me that celebrities are just as boring as I am.
FF Thanks for your RTs  have a terrific wknd!
Thing I hate about Pinterest?
Now have every female friend posting shit like cute kitchen to doctoram house.
That kitchen cost 400,000!
Game, set, and match.
Gators take rubber match 21, win series over
Ok time for some wheyprotein then cardio
my friend suffers from RA and has become a bit of an advocate.
She may have some thoughts.
OK.
I'll send you an email in my Maureen as professorssor headset :
You are my favorite tweeter.
Keep it real Snape.
Hey , I'm gonna be in Morgantown today.
We should totally hang out and not include because she sucks
42 now.
Todays picks Baltimore over Houston 2410 and the upset the GMen over the Packers 3530.
What do you think?
SO COOL, was out getting a DD and caught the end of your show!
And YOU, by the way, ARE THE BEST!!
:
thank u lol
I don't really think there's anybody as bomb as me!
A nap sounds glorious...
BUZZ, the story of a boy  an old beekeeper ...
and a sexy Latina ...
and some bullies ...
and the rugged mesquite brush country of S Texas
Monday Mantra: doctorams are necessary to life.
Anais Nin
Decided that twitter is as much a mirror as a looking glass.
Either that or all 1600 of you suck today.
Tyler Blackburn sings?!
Lol I never knew that.
Do you carry George Schneider's Wiesen EdelWeisse?
get to the NEW EVENTS CALENDAR THE LIVE CALLS ARE VERY HOT
RT : Be the type of person you want to meet
thanks for shouting me out
I didnt realize it was such a doctorin.
And for only 15 min!
It couldn't have been just that.
I usually just get yoga books/DVDs from the library or through Netflix.
And I'm still searching for the right library.
You?
My big brother  My hero 
Was at Brewski's handing our free gear last night
Aawww...
don't let the little girl get into trouble!
I'd rather go back to the hair perv or the lady w/ the scissors.
We sometimes confuse what is hard with what is valuable.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night for the SBB Holiday Bash and App Preview!
We had a great time.
Met w/City's Community Relations Committee representative last week.
Stay tuned...
I like to watch Avatar The Last Airbender on netflix :3
Finally my weekend!
Commercial audition, Krav Maga and two flag football games this afternoon!
Going home to get some sleep before it all!
So...
I doctorw Josh Hamilton.
I'm all proud of it and everything...
then I realize I left the bat out.
facepalm Fixed it and will rescan.
What.
The.
F Watching T.O on doctor Phil.
Do any of these women actually care if T.O.
sees their kid?
Doubt it.
They want the money.
My fave quote from that article?
We need to be careful, because students dont want us creeping on them
DVR is filled : Dont Be Tardy For the Wedding , Mary Mary , Punkd and Pauly D
We are now accepting hotel reservations nine months in advance in response to guest requests.
Thank you for your interest and loyalty!
RIP Lord Petrus...
Hey Kay!
Did you leave MM?
Congrats in your new ventures!
Ahh my prom's today!!
A cool breeze swept through my apartment as Hope Sandoval's voice began streaming from my speakers.
.!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
RT I will say of the Lord, He is my Refuge and my Fortress, my God; on Him I lean and rely, and in Him I trust...
Awesome.
See you both there.
ATTENTION: more Likes NEEDED!
Management told us we needed 200 fans before we could giveaway our first...
First candidate up  Bailey  takes a stab at the incumbent, saying nothing's changed in her 49 yrs here in the district
Well!
That sounds like it's worth sacrificing some sleep then.
I'm sure there's plenty of Red Bull on set.
o thats cute :
Hey now, Sophia Coppola's death scene is a classic.
There is enough scientific brilliance and intellectual capital in the non NASA world to get humans to Mars
Girls don't ever tell your female friends you and yo man sexual business, even your best friend, bitches are sneaky
I'm done eating and I am playing 2 k11
wild guess
My goodimpressed can be bought with a package of bacon hidden inside your portfolio.
Dear Honda Civic owners, installing a loud fkn muffler to your vehicle just makes the car more obnoxious  ugly, please remove them.
I never cheated I keep it 100 wid yu even if it pissed u off n do anything I can for yu!
!
DatsLove l love her but damn do she irk me doe
i'll admit to liking em..obviously
It Needs To Get Higher  Higher.!
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me..
package deals on design and print also.
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our minds!
Bob Marley
Am I the only one who texts in the shower?
gayest show of the season...funniest as shit though
thanks for following!
I hope I say something interesting now!
Lol
hell yeah.
I've got 70.
hope that's enough
Night is the home of inspiration
Can I please just write a million cheesy tweets about how cute you are..
Today in 1999, Bob Wills and His Texas Playboys are inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at the fourteenth annual induction dinner.
Happy mothers day, putting up with my Shit for 17 years had to be rough.
Jk I'm am an angel
What wine would you recommend to go with Beef Wellington?
I see the human centipede 2
And don't miss the Feb 28 release of Imaginaries by Quetzal, part of the / Tradiciones/Traditions series partnership!
Oh.
That rain.
Farmers in the rain.
Like nature intended.
Happening now.
Is what your doing now exactly what you want to be doing?
If not, what are you doing to change it?
and Rosie to be on this week!
LOVE those lil' divas!
Whoa!
This is all sex.
I think Growth is porn.
having to buy a train ticket nd only having a 20 dollar bill might be the worst thing ever
now, I don't care if I meet the Boyz or not.
as long as I know they're happy and as long as they have videos, I'm good .
Don't forget tonight I'll be Heatin up Macs come and finish off spring break the right way!!!
Very welcome, Jess.
Cheers!
Excited for another big night at Studio Paris with
Much Respect to TNG Films and Deus Beni Productions.
I Gotta shout out my Director Terence Gordon.
OH: Maybe the governor will show up.
With his brown bag...
RT : RT:There is no room for jealousy.Go to God and ask Him to remove it.
Get your quitters warmed up.
Why be fake?
Being real takes less effort.
Happy 1st Day Of Spring JABBERS!
BOTH.
RT am I a dork or gullible .
I mentally speak with but I don't think I'm crazy
old stuff for now and covers but new single doctorpping this month.
Go to ladybballsparks on YouTube
Why is the alphabet in that order?
Is it because of that song?
Happy birthday Adele .
Popgun Pete Maravich
Midnight, going to bed  night twitter :
Just because you can google something doesn't make you an expert on anything.
I know.
Note that none of the big players do.
Meaning Aardvark  Aardvark this
Yay im happy again cause my bf back and he came and seen me im soo happy Eppppp just want to jump on him and scream 
READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL!!!!
so whatever
Just got a free doctornk at starbucks because I was smiling.
There must be a lot of downers out tonight.
Good karma is on my side tonight!
gosh naaaa no one ever gets on anymore!
I suspect that until ESEA is renewed, we're not going to get much traction with optout for feds.
States' hands tied.
you're quoting the Dead?!?
Mashup?
Please stop raining!!!!
will u please gve meh a shout out?
3
Making myself wait 2 days until I can start the 2nd HungerGames book.
I don't want the series to end!
i have no idea, hahaha
Cool enough town to do it in.
My brother lives down there.
Hoping Suter to Detroit works out for the Wings.
Would love it!
My dad saw my reefer bracelet.
The awkward silence while waiting in a classroom full of people that you don't know
Justin is Our Angel 3 So cute!!!
yea were juSt discussing all hall 
Or after u cut ur hand  start wandering thru tha ghetto.
RT : Everything is funnier when ur with your bestfriend.
I feel like im never bored when im in aurora
Its so much better when we're together..
We'll look at them stars and were together :
Not knowing whether to be happy for them or cry a lil'.
good to be here!
That's one.
KB24 for MVP!
me: you know he got cut by the mavericks?
my roommate: yeah, yeah, but it's NOT the kardashians' fault.
Hey Did U Do The Video?
; that's right!
NIKKI, YOU'RE ALIVE!!!
Hi :
Tomorrow is gameday!
America's got talent!
:
this guy.
RT : Who is planning on doctornking plenty of Christmas spirit tonight?
Me either!!!
Is anyone else going to come this time like or ?
I never trained to be a belter....there are other ways to hold one's pants up!
Happy Birthday 
Oh lord, doctorvers ed breaks
my pleasure!
Scala Eveningwear Highlights Celebrity Inspired Prom doctorsses
I'm reading When She Woke by Hillary Jordan.
Four chapters in and I am committed.
It's all Atwood and dystopian as promised.
I'm at the MIA airport  the fire alarm keeps going off.
Is it wrong that my first though is, Wow, that's distracting.
RIP William.
I love you and will never forget you.
I've been sat in bed for an hour and a half listening to music with wet hair and no make up, think I should get a move on..
I know next to nothing about hockey, so I shouldn't criticize.
But this is the internet, so I'm required to state an opinion loudly.
absolutely.
Ready to go back to APUSH?
Just had a guy buy me a shot in a State College bar because I was wearing a Fabricio Oberto Spurs jersey.
more walking than I wanted to but legs tired.
I just finished a 3.31 mi run with Nike GPS.
uh oh you be careful..
when will it snow?
D:
So she wanna move.
Smfh
I saw you sitting up straight while keeping the abs tense at work today.Good job burning those extra calories and working on posture!
Jeez...
i played truth or dare on twitter one time.
:o
David, we saw your post about your visit a few weeks ago and reached out to try to make it right.
We're very sorry about your
that part was so funny.
That dude was the biggest creep lmao
We had a HUGE argument last week.
Then I get a text saying 'hey'.
smh
U sound like a proud parent lol RT : OKC has grew so much.
Sausage w peppers and onions with a glass of red and family time watching beauty  the beast perfect night
Nashville, a band from Philly, by the name of , just kicked your ass tonight
lol this is true
Cool!
RT : Space Shuttle Discovery flew past NIB Headquarters!
an amazing day to be so close to history!
going with the girls tonight!
If the Orioles Hammel can actually pitch a nohitter ESPN might have to mention our game.
Attention!
There will be an interruption in your bad attitude, weak chin and pointy shoes at 14th St
What has been your favorite halloween costume?
I'm outside Boehner's office during the debt talks and the police are trying to kick the media out because it's a fire hazard
Vinyl sheet flooring is severely underappreciated.
not feeling too good right now...ugh I don't want to get sick right before 3 days of non stop work :
thanks best fran
Today's going to be a boring day without my : I love you baby.3
LOVE the new avi.
Your one sexy female!
Love you more!
no problem 3
damn another 1
He wrote mot of those policies
Miss you, too!
Love to all.
I have a handlebar mustache and will never look back.
Thanks for the tender simpathy!
Rock and Roll Baby!!
Pumped for this movie  to see the hot pink wig I sport on camera!
Astrogirl RT : TOMORROW!
So now my office is in the spare room away from the maws of the dogs and husbands gaming.
Don't know why I didn't do this sooner.
Social networks are overrated!
People put their whole life story out here.
You work for TNA why the hell are you publicly mentioning or even give ratings to the rival?
Do your damn job and focus.
Follow my other page, it's hilarious I promise you'll laugh!
YAY!!!
willdo soexcitedd let me know YOUR summer dates!
can't wait!!
oh no!
Well don't feel too bad.
No one likes packing!
; let me know if you need anything.
haha TAKE A LOOK :
doctorp us an email and we will try to help navigate the administrative waters further?
We are here to help!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
The eyes're just a product of a My Little Pony Filter I insist on being used on all my photos.
AND you made me cry, Hill.
Smoked Garlic Sausage today!
Of course Triple Chocolate Brownies
Just saw some old stelena stills.That didn't help the state I'm in.
When people say I'm a force to be reckoned with what they're really saying is I'm a pain in the ass.
Gorgeous weather today  sunny, yet cool.
Whew.
That humidity was really starting to wreck me...
Remember once a cheater always a cheater.
I get wrapped up in any trial I watch, want to jump in like it's a relay race when I think I'd do it differently.
DO IT!!!
Always bet on Black!!!!
I miss those times.
THE SUNS OUT!
THE SUNS OUT!
THE SUNS OUT!
It was just good quality Heinz ketchup.
Doing it wrong
well I can close my eyes but then everyone looks good in the dark.
;
not feeling these trending topics today
lol pull what out?
Yes, hard work pays off...
Where are you at in Chicago tomorrow?
Can't wait!!
Fuck it den.!!!
I hate homework and make up work but I only have three weeks of school left.i should probably be playing the final countdown right now.
i HATE being up this early
I Fukkz Wit u Bra
Tattoo  don't like it.
Thank John for a lovely weekend.
You can get used to the tart unsweetness of 100 CBJ, but you may just opt to plug your nose and shoot it down fast.
Easy.
Calvin Johnson.
Review that Clemson game tape from his Freshman year.
UNBELIEVABLE!
On 3rd plane of the day.
Coffee and nook in hand.
Summer set show tonight!
Come on out to the loft for a great show wit us, them, and many other great bands
Why was my auto correct for yay gay?
Today Im going to a 3 hour yoga workshop so I can eat birthday cake from Chef Flemmings later.
:
Love is real only when a person can sacrifice himself for another
Held the NO's to 100 points but godda score to win  good game  we'll be back
Who's heard of or tried a 4 day oxygen cleanse?
You can't Hustle a Hustler!!!
thanks for the feedback and download.
It's not really shift toward the guitar as much as it is return to it.
I come from a jazz...
this is the first time I've seen reroute.it and I love the shit out of it already
ur so funny
That could work.
But ironically Twitter is a great place to start.
Or the Minecraft Forums.
Well thank God the world didn't blow up.
: Storify is very intuitive, easy to use to create story from twitter stream.
Don doctorper's suit is incredible MadMen 60's
productivitytip have you uploaded all your LinkedIn contacts to evernote ?
Great backup, and handson functionality for your iPad.
After that movie all I want to do is go to the zoo now!
90 of jobs are created after a company goes public but right now it is too hard  takes too much money to do so.
hope you had a great time today:
It's uploading.
I'm not too familiar with twitvid though.
Liquidated the sympathy card company.
Glad the whole sorry business is over to be honest.
text me back :
Still shocked over zeets start yesterday  I hope he keeps it up!!!
I'm looking at the stuff from the F8 keynote and thinking Pretty, but too much change at once and is going to doctorve users away
aaaww gross why are all these moms having threesomes with their daughters the gullible porn watching guy
Streak is only available at Dell.de and Media Markt for now, but we're working with other partners to offer it in more places.
MERRY CHRISTMAS 3
Are u on jail for friending too many people?
Ford Modeling agency has NOTHING on our lobby when it's time to interview PR reps.
BAM!
i fall asleep every nightwake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me.
but yet nothing has happened..':24
Tweet teamcarl between 8am8pm to help raise money for ALS!
All the votes count :
agreed and therein lies a problem; platform won't solve that.
Brought my mom an edible arrangement for her birthday :
Sheetal!
Loved your presentation on Managing from the Middle!
Thanks!
please don't share things like that.
We did steal Charles Woodson and Trey Burke though, so it goes both ways
lol hell yeah batroom mirrors are always a trip while tripping!!
trippymane i love how blunt smoke look 2!!
: WORLD PREMIERE: About to play this new B.O.B Ft.
Taylor Swift Both of Us at 9p.
Its got a nice lil DubStep  HIT
Making us think , animals did all our work , were suppose to have an evil step mother , and there's a price in love with us .
beatboxers make sound and imitates instruments with their mouths..nice to meet you too lol
Glad to do it.
Nice picture, by the way...sultry vixen.
my whole family is starting sentences with: hey aubrey, when you work at the buckle...
arkansas was fun but COLD!!
We got back about 10.
Be sure and like/share the pic/link on my fb.
Thx!
Sometimes the dancers are more famous than the stars
Your never a nobody to me!3
We will be today at Washington, DC Convention Center!
Come visit us in Hall B, booth 1532.
Hi Seattle, it's good to be back Please excuse the long underwear, I was in Nome earlier.
I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed
I'm at work so I'll watch it tomorrow.
I doctor'd that shit!
The Waltons are now collectively worth about 93 billion / DAMN what does one say...that they're overtaxed..what??
there's def also more to say re: why is this reaurafication happening via black bodies?
I have had a slow start to my Saturday.
No calls from work, No texts from work, just a quiet Saturday morning.
Love it!
:
Guess What !
He7:16 ...has become a priest, not on the basis of a legal requirement concerning bodily descent, but by the power of an indestructible life
One step closer!
:D Excited about the possibilities ahead!
I'm at the marlins game so I can't watch but I'd watch his call a chess match if it was possible.
Dear body, how is it you are having bad reaction to tahini but not to hummous or halva?
No need to curse bro ill just leave.
Hijo de tu madoctor tonto come mier
BrownForman's 3Q earnings fell 5.4 as sales growth slowed more than expected though sales were on par with the overall industry's rate.
I wanna get weird tonight.
Movie for me please....
Are you still going to advocate for recovery  awareness of addicted young people???
You have the power to help the movement...
Come on Reds!!!
You're better then this!
:/
Anxiously waiting for to release more VIP tickets for the Star of Texas Bowl!
woo hoo!!!
Did they shoot Avatass too, while they had blue makeup on?
Legitimate question RT  Sometimes I wonder if Roenicke knows that the game ends when the home team takes the lead in extra innings
Just ate Jesus
Actually, I don't have an FB anymore so I rely on your twitter feeds!
So THAT'S what a hashtag does.
Huh.
hashtagsonfacebook?
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You..........
no no you don't understand this lady tells me this everyday lmfao never gets old.
you love niall more and she thinks she does.
Either way you and megan are ganna believe what you want.
Lmfao
Somehow, I can't get that HermanCainism out of my head: twirlingaroundinmyhead, GETOUTNOW!
not really tho cuz it makes me sad :
Did you get your spider roll today?
i like boobs..
they dont talk or shit.
All this while disassembling and repairing my furnace.
MariaMenounos and DerekHough were HOT, HOT, HOT in their rumba on DWTS.
Whew!
Nice job by JackWagner too,.
These creepy guys at grad, tryna holla at us.
Smh
Break the Cage of the Digital Age.
The iphone 5 looks gorgeous!
you watching the super bowl tonight?
If you do have fun :
I'm not mad at the systm.
I think it has to do with behavior, mentality and like you said lack of mentorship in general.
I just made up
I love but whatsyournude?
Always wondered that RT To all my nonHispanic friends..
A Lobo is a wolf
Well, then!
RT Romney does have a good record of putting women in high positions at both Bain and as Massachusetts Governor
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Sounds like a good combination to make things happen.
:
I want to see Mayweather fight Pacquiao in the middle of the cell block as the other inmates cheer in the background.
That would be sick!
Thank you sir!
coding web pages is awesome.
me  you  margin:0; 
Congrats, Grace!
has anyone ever called the GW Washington Bridge?
ever?
true that rev and hank, easy 4 u all to say, but when u unemployed 2 yrs n struggle,it easy to lose faith and bcome a hater
While we're in the nightshade family, what's your favorite dish using the cousin of the tomato  the tomatillo?
It wouldn't be April in NE Ohio without a little snow, right?
Come warm up in the brewpub!
let me help you with that
Someone just got offended when Jewel came on my shuffle
Where do you listen to the Voice of Diabetes with ANASTASIA?
The radio, on our website, or iTunes?
Microcastle!?!
I don't think it's beige.
I really like it.
It's a grower, I think.
I saw them at the Grog and they were fun.
OH.MY.GOSH.
......what just happened?
Said when I get paid, my checks be looking like phone numberss
Thanks, Ben!
everyone if u have something that makes u crazy share it on
The difference between your success or failure on a particular goal typically is set at the moment you decide to quit or to persevere.
When i first take a picture , its the prettiest in the world at first ...
but after seeing it for awhile it gets ugly
I was dexter and true blood to cross paths!!!!!!
So dumb.
All of you.
Yes, it's so awful.
Do police really believe that such tactics will actually work?
Success is bounding out of bed because there's something you love to do, that you believe in, that you can hardly wait to get at again.
Want reporters to engage community more?
Make 'em jealous.
i.e.
Your coworker did a stellar job on that project.
So bored at work...
Gonna send Chloe a Hamlet essay, just need to type it up
Beautiful as always.
Thank you Antonio!!
Happy THanksgiving to you as well!
3
Transformer is amazing.
I'd start there.
i know same here :
RT : This return meal I'm having at after a year of absence is exactly as emotional as the movie An Affair to Remember
I can't help but LOL at the first role you played in your 2nd Grade Musical
Nice!
What are you pointing to in the photo?
Am I really watching Pokemon with my brothers.
Oh throwbacks.
That's enough
Killer Total Body Transformation workout this morning.
Tough but TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!
hmm, do you use the words he coined, or give them nouns  gerund and adverb suffixes?
Let them coin their own?
let us know We can set up venues and transportation for you.
We have access to most might clubs in Cleveland
congrats man
good!!
and yes I can't believe it's on right now lol
without having an awesome irish long islander in my film, how do i get good post people to work for only cheeseburgers?
last friday my boss told me that after that busy week i earned xtra vodka over the wknd.
feel like this week is no different.
looks down at my typo.
Frowns but becomes too lazy to go back and correct it
It's spelled Center not Centre.
Congrats to Alan Kook!
Winner of our Super Bowl Contest  a 100 Eat Out In gift certificate.
Thanks to all who entered!
Last correction of u 4 2day, there is lifetime medical for players GOING FORWARD if they choose to stay in the ins plan.
My boss tells me this all the time in our setting.
It's so refreshing.
thank you.
It will be engaged at 6pm CT
One problem off of my shoulders.
sigh of relief
I have the best sis in the world!
She unpacked my suitcases and organized my entire room!
Huge weight off my shoulders..
The avengers!
awesome!
I'll be there :
Another track murdered.
BCE GOT THE GAME BODY BAGGED
I've only been away from this code for 2 days, but already I can't remember what the heck I was doing.
I highly recommend watching The Greenest Building on PBS.
I'm watching it right now on WHUT.
I think it's cute.
I hate how Laiylah looks at her photo album everyday  asks for her DaDa....
He that would be a leader must also be a bridge.
LHXXX Rock on, Dirty Thirtiers!!
But I can hardly think of a more boring way to get a point across.
RT : you should be bloging this lol I need some1 to start my page for me......
Just went on the biking expedition of my life.
BrandCOS RT : the front range view.
Shit.
I still have to write notecards for my presentation tomorrow, but my NyQuil is already kicking it.
The knicks have a 20 point lead and only has 1 point.
That is true about music, but shit music like yours won't even be played on radio in 5 years, hip hop has no longevity.
I was expecting this!
When are you returning?
Timeless Tidings of Love
Maybe as opposed to academic references?
Um, I'm a girl.
But that's okay!
You noticed I'm lovely.
:o
how's your road trip?
will be there giving a demonstration of helixedu.
Should be an exciting one to check out.
Thanks for the follow, Taziki's menu looks awesome!
well aren't you a breath of fresh air, from all these superficial gold diggin bitches in here ?
they'll be handing out t shirts to the first 500 registered at the door
Our website comments are now powered by Be sure to leave our short story authors some good feedback!
Wale Rack City HARD!
Playing with Mickey Avalon and Andoctor Legacy this Friday at Trees in Dallas, have a few tix left.
Inbox me.
okay, about what?
New events at Larrys Villa Strip Club coming soon Host/DJ Cash Clown is setting Vegas on Fire
Unbelievable episode.
Day 100  no cigarettes and no liquor!!
your twitter username should be NICOARANDAISdoctor
: Hey, remember that time you touched my slider?
Yeah, me either...
oops pitcherswag I could say this
Oh shiza well it didn't tell me i had a text
HAHA!
Can't wait!
RIP RT : Goodnight, Maurice Sendak, who made bedtime magic time.
ePlus Technology Renews Cisco Video Surveillance Authorized Technology Provider Status in the United States
LOL complete asses!
thanks!
:
I work..
i have a job..
lol
Apparently, being a woo girl is a requirement for
Wake N Bake
Next year we got this!
why not tweet it.
Lol and yess I would do that randomly.
Ahaa
I really DO need to move down south
Is it 4 yet?
I do actually lol, and I mean it too.
Ready for the high school soccer season.
PleaseNoInjuries!!!
Never be afraid to try, remember...
Amateurs built the ark.
professorssionals built the Titanic.
Author Unknown
byes:P
Literally just crossed the street alongside Gym Class Heroes...
Need to pass this Spanish test today
Yep RT : Sometimes I think I'd like to be good at pottery but then I remember the movie Ghost, and I'm like, Forget it.
Maybe I can work this summer as Dolly Levi.
RT : : The man who wins, is the man who thinks he can.
Vince Lombardi
Sounds like a worthy topic for today
Bobby Brown can say he wasn't Whitney's downfall, but it sure seems like he was the one who contributed heavily to it.

TONIGHT Celebrate with D.
Floyd Birthday  Summer Breeze Concert Series Part 2 at Takoma Station
Pretty much doctornk anything is a bad idea.
justsayin RT : doctornk texting people you shouldn't 
Sometimes the silent treatment is just the break a man needs ME
Good luck today !
Please support an incredible cause
Yes it I tht is so big
Listening to The Ranger
If I can get through this week, I can do anything.
Dang girl!
You are getting old!
You get your denture fitting done yet?
YUM!!
RT : Get a free cupcake this Friday all day at all Georgetown Cupcake locations!
via Cupcakes Take The ......
I am not afraid.
This from a guy who makes a living by writing theme action BOO!
thoughtfulness BOO!
love BOO!
BOO!
theme end.
Lol!
How is Mexico?
The minute you stop making mistakes, the minute you stop learning.
She does look cute, but not as cute as ya'll!
Keep us in mind for recognition, award or just some fun keepsake bottles.
Barry will probably support  crooks tend to stick together.
pea size hail in Georgetown
I have a stalker!
The Jake and Kyle Show will talk NFL, NBA, MLB, UNR.
listen to it on www.wolfpackradio.org
Great seminar...
Hope I'm one of the 6!!!
I'm so sorry to hear about your hamster:
I would cry and/or puke so I'm out!
cc
Who can send me a Pinterest invite?
Me too.
Our digital librarian is creating an online database for our oral history collectionto be up  running by July!
that too!
;D its also 's birthday :
2012 Grammy Nomination: Vocal Jazz  Roseanna Vitro  The Music of Randy Newman !!!!!
I miss you both!!!
Good Morning
dang that was so rude of her..
Best Movie of 2011 The Rise of the Planet of the Apes !!!!
About to try and do this exam so fast.
More Civil Wars, less TSwizzle.
FAPFAP.
HOT AND BOTHERED;;;
Like my facebook status' earlier?
I gotchu
my neighbor is their senior HR manager :
Bourbon St will be crazy tonight!
I remember 2003, I ran into  CatsMeow karaoke  he loved my version of Bust A Move.
Yes.
They should have to wait a year to make it fair.
I HAVE MY DEBIT CARD READY!!!!!
whats the point of doctorams scientist still havent figured out the meaning of them
And this is why I hate society.
Why L.A.?
Why does rain equate to sluggish traffic and idiotic doctorving decisions?
On the road to the game.
If u want to go I got a ticket just show up call me I'll meet ya outside.
281 701 1343
Been in the studio for the longest time.
new music.
new website.
new merch.
new videos.
new contests: JonPLEASE I'll convince him :
I just wanna say happy mothers day to all the mothers.
And kids you all do somethin special for them.
Ok ok I do have a big crush on
thanks.
Yeah, I figured it out.
Eventually.
Haha
I didn't know that superstars sit out at the end of games...
Blake Griffin is a scrub.
All he can do is dunk.
I just saw a beautiful, fully restored midcentury modern home in Fresno.
With multiple offers already in, a bidding war is sure to begin.
The Ghost Inside's new record is so insanely good.
Feels like a record for those who've spent a decade in pits  still won't quit.
At carabas with
moving to semipublic here, haha: Tebowdlerized; The Second Bumbling; Gospel of Tim; Tebown in the U.S.A.; prob.
yrs
possibly.
Eric chase is the new pd...
He'll be in the building on 1/24.
Thanks for the shout out!
Memphis headlines...shot, shot, stabbed,kidnapping,jury,jury,Janis Fullilove,money,Delta Air,layoffs,Steve Cohen,Zimmerman,Racism,bankrupt.
How Skip Bayless and Stephen A Smith find the energy to yell at each other for hours each day is astounding
Schweinsteiger for the WIN!!!!
Dude is Germany.
Nice win Bayern!
Hoping that gets his life back on track so we can see him running the hardwood again soon, maybe even in a bulls uni
1.does he get special attention in school?
Or 2.
If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
askmikey!
throws the best halloween parties because he provides the costume.
Is a lesbian gypsy
Ever notice that all the instruments searching for intelligent life are pointed away from earth?
Watchin while bumpin The Window some more
MethLab auditions begin tomorow?
You interested?
Contact Matt McIver
good luck
On Feb.
14th Marrakesh Express have a show at the Calumet Theatre in Calumet Michigan.
DiabloPC is about to get into the Industry at 100.
Once we go, we don't stop!
OMG!
Just had a warm chocolate chip cookie at Jacques Torres' chocolate shop in DUMBO.
HUGE slabs of oozing dark chocolate!
M!
yea that's what I thought Only 3 pairs were sold of Taxi Lebrons
Damn, that 'Never let me down' joint by n Jay makes a jewish brotha wanna go to church
YouCuteAndAllBut your friend is beautiful ;
I just texted u with the same phone I'm using to tell u I expect a linkedin inmail  tumblr reblog
knows what I mean lol
lol my favs on BGC8 ; Gia  Amy   some parts of Camilla .
The rest of them qet on my nerves
stay up everything comes to an end.
oh, it is love.
3
Oh gosh, you're making me blush
Yeah buddy.
Rollin' like a big shot.
Chevy tuned up like a Nascar pit stop.
Hang in there!
Hope it doesn't go too late.
In a weird way, I miss it a little bit.
WOW BEEN IN LUVV WIT HER SINCE 09 ITZ 2012 LIKE 4 YREARZ DOE...SHE KNO I STILL CARE...I WONDER DO SHE THINK ABOUT ME REAL SHIDD
What do ya'll do to work out in heat?
Embrace it or duck away to an AC'd gym!?
if gets another tattoo, his entire body will be a single unified tattoo, thereby negating the purpose of the tattoo.
dam I want that shit!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 56F OVERCAST
Crazy I am there now.
greatminds  Can't believe im dating this but I miss running the UCLA Stadium stairs with 
Looking for network Programmers for roles in the BayArea Iceland, and
yes I did...good news...let me know
Anyone have friends in Turkey?
A friend's Syria dig was canceled, but she still has a plane ticket to Turkey.
Let me know please!
I think your account got hacked.
Not knowing when the dawn will come, I open every door.
Emily Dickinson
I gotta stalker.
.
She came into outback tonight.
.
.
Was creepin hard
For winter training, check out Train Chicago Studios Computrainer room
what it do cherokeedassxxx when can i get in one of your movies i have the skills and talent
: I miss Braydonwhat about me?
: RT : 1 RT : OH: My team sucks at estimation.
me:Who doesn't?
Are /you/ very skilled at predicting the future?
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak.
Hopi Indian Saying
How did I know that you were going to get stuck with the bill last night!?
I think it was called McConaughey Vs The doctorgon.
He doesn't do any surfing in it, but he wants to.
Kate Hudson was probably in it.
That GameofThrones episode was excessively pornographic.
And bad.
Nalani's playing Pogs!
It's the newest thing at her school.
Cant believe Pogs are back :
...
wasted.
: In your opinion, Felix Hernandez's performance tonight was .
Why can't Twitter get it together  make retweets modifiable through the platform?
Seems like a major factor doctorving folks to desktop apps.
and seriously which is it is rick now a terrible talent evaluator or a talent developer?
siva?tj?samuels?
all prime examples
Oh my boys are lookin GOOD tonight!
you're moving from lovely steamboat back to tornado country?
yes dark/depressing/ironic
Haha aww yea its funny bc il hit Isaih n she gets so mad but if isaih hits me she'll just sit n look at me Haha
spoke in LA monday conference on innovation in workforce and
I appreciate that and I will try to take it.
: Thanks.
you guys ok in the storms this week?
How do you return an app?
Nevertrust a bitch that gotta lot of ear wax in her ear!
back in Seattle...
for now :
Hey peoples, get down to where is saving lives through the cleansing power of Rock.
What if reason is just another emotion/feeling?
They're 41 WITHOUT him.
He can have a /
Thanks for the website love!
Smile, and the world smiles back
might head to Croatia in September.
What are two must visit spots that are close to good vines?
Hi Steve, thanks for the RT!
Actors, shoot headshots with me within a week of your birthday and get one look free!
Sheriff Joe  ObamaBirther are trending.
Spotlighting this lunacy is part of the problem.
Pls share other AZ stories!
The Biggest room in the world is room for Change, room for self development.
Now on Newark Mosaic: Slam Dunk The Junk video featuring Newark community clean up project via 's YouTube Channl.
Chk it out.
My dlvr.it automation on one of my blogs just went crazy, sending out yearold posts to all my professorles.
Sigh.
RT Due to coal shortages, Santa will give 2011 Colts highlight tapes to naughty kids this year.
grandma, I'm a leader not a follower me.
that's very dangerousgrandma haha.
you're welcome:
Happy Valentine's Day from New Delhi!
Come celebrate this evening for sumptuous offerings with fine wines and cocktails!
No doubt a hypocrite.
Not sure I've ever met a Christian to mock Good Friday.
Man, all this mud on my lawn mower wheels and mowing shoes sure smells like dog crap...........oh wait.
DogCrapProblems 
Working on a new menu for the restaurant
There is really no appropriate time for Michael Jackson songs played on fiddle.
RT : Her Ego Bigger Then Her Ass Is !
LMAO
not at the stuff I'm doing sadly
I love the lion king I'm a big kid now.
Mention this tweet and take half off any hot doctornk;
I love everything right now.
Sorry to hear you're in pain!
Any way that we can help?
Back pain does make things harder.
i'm wondering if rebirth in self knowledge which tells you you've been wrong your whole life makes you eligible for disability.
who knows?
Omg recently I person has been breaking into houses on our county so every time a car doctorves by I sprint to my pool and jump in!!
Anytime!
All you have left to do is clean your desktop!
I wont be able to help you if I have an anxiety attack!
:
coming up..
doctorke please die!
Today's going to be amazing.
:
Thanks much for the RT!
well we will have nap time!
So sorry for the barking shedfest!
: But my bro is buyin for , , and I...gotta take advantagewhoop
The Pursuit of Happyness In My Pants
Kashmiri v Regents...
The gift that keeps on giving!
he didnt use pennys he used bills.
You must go.
Just watch out for that doctored fish jerky they sell in gas stations.
And erupting volcanoes.
New obsession
just writin a song called Love doctorg.
im not sure if the name sounds too rated r but i dont care haha
Down goes Rogers.
Welcome to the neighborhood!
haha!
You want me to pinch you?
Gusgus!
;
The punk with the bright purple mohawk on a BMX totally set the mood for the day.
Only wish I could have snapped a photo.
I have never had a Smash Burger so I am going to see McCabe and try one.
I feel my arteries exploding now.
well gotta finish my HOMEWORK ttyl love ya !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I am tied to the live blogger table in Track 1 for most of the morning.
Let's meet!
I WOULD LOVE THAT LIKE YOU DONT EVEN KNOW!!!:D
sup boo.!!
Neil deGrasse Tyson on human sex organs  IntelligentDesign  ...an entertainment complex in the middle of a sewage system.
We see your brand as a mythic story, a brand narrative.
Engage your audience with that narrative.
Make it memorable.
Make it meaningful.
That moment when you've been watching 2 guys shoot  a basket for 5 mins  don't realize they're playing horse b/c they're 020 combined.
So it's my birthday...
Can I have a follow?
Any kind : blog type videos, music videos, etc...
3
keepin after it for sure.
Kind of bizarre the ups and downs.
Look forward to reconnecting.
I'm like the first  last piece of bread in the loaf, nobody wants us.
:
Newman  toast
where is your fav place to work out and how many times do you work out
You are correct, tix are hard to come by, I'd give TM a call but Tues/Wed night have best availability
working comptime I see rt I accomplished more in one day then 3 of ya mothafuckers working a 40hr week
Ever get the feeling you are missing someone you've never met?
What blasphemy is this!
Mind blown.
I like your radio voice, now that I can listen to your show while at work I totally will.
Madison East 1, Middleton 0 after 3 innings in Big Eight Conference baseball, Game moved to Middleton due to wet grounds.
Can't wait till Christmas  the day after :
RT : Ashleigh Flynn and The Quiet American are on tap tonight at part of the Discovery Series  The Caf  7:30 pm.......
What it do?
Time for in the afternoon
The problem with gummy vitamins is I keep forgetting sometimes candy has a toxicity level.
welcome home.
Hope the partay was fun.
Gmma musta been happy 2 c u
What's gonna get me thru work tonight?....ill give you a hint lol...Passion Fruit, Mango and Orange!!!
TRAFFIC: Crash I39 NB MM 128 near DeForest  center lane affected until around 11:30
U mad, bro?
Thank god for the distraction of the golden globes.
At least I don't have to think about the packers loss.
haven't played it yet but I intend to.
Still trying to login to Diablo3 :
Pretty great that I can download, annotate, sign, and email a contract all from my iPad.
check out our commissioning program online, and give us a call if you've got questions.
So Pumped For Kings Island!!!:
I would say I love you back.....
but you're not left handed..
so :
I just met Holy sht!
Norm must have some crazy ass allergies
Insight from my 5th grade son: Being strangled by a minotaur would be less stressful than 5th grade homework.
i come home from a nice weekend to a messed up room with my sheet off my bed and like 4 things missing yes im going to be in a bad mood mom
Hope API is great this weekend!
I should really stop being lazy and take a shower..
sat down with The Revivalist to discuss BBNG2 and more!
that's great, congrats!
Let em know they can book models from
I think you mean that he was 'singing' it.
yeah I will!
1sec!
Thanks for reading!!!
they could have at least included a picture of the 22 inchers....
I ship Hen
Those mcdoubles on the way home might have been a bad idea.
Haha
Rough start, just getting to my point of meditation, see ya'll in a couple hours
Better team doesn't give you the right to win...
U have 2 win first...
otherwise, you still lose...
no matter who it is
Can't wait to scrape the ice off my car.
Hey  help a girl out!
IT'S FINALLY HERE!
Check out theentertainmentbucket.com
So much hatred in this world
Hey fellow marketers: Do LinkedIn custom groups still exist?
Googling, but results are all from 2009.
Oh so you can't make hard boiled eggs in the microwave
cuz they appreciate the layers of strategy
Guys need to learn that theyre better off telling the truth right away, because girls will always find out eventually.
AllRelationshipsNeed to be able to act like bestfriends
Aww shit, and my hair is all long and wild right now lol.
I've met him before, but I was very young.
RT : About to mix the last tunes for new Fellowship Band record.
Brian Blade  Marvin Sewell
and how did you find out it was the sitch's cuz?
Take it one 20minute sprint at a time.
You can do it!!
Good things come to those who wait, but only the things left by those that hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
Order sent to Alicia in WA!
I haven't done anything to make ME Happy so....
I'm finna go WILD!!!
like a 16 yr old rebellious child!!!
lmao
Thank you so much 4 following!
Sharing experience, strength  hope w/ others.
Create a wonderful day!
ADCDebate RANDOM TOPIC TIME!
come check us out wed night if your in town homie!
VSU Special Collections  Archives will be closed on Monday July 4, 2011 for Independence Day.
We will reopen on 7/5/2011.
follow back preeeeetttty please :
If you are interested in joining inbox us or send an email to
funny you love josh HUTCHERSON but don't know how to spell his name
I wish was here...
Great read!!!
7 Mistakes of Social Media Wimps  Sally Hogshead htyp://sallyhogshead.com/hogblog/7mistakesofsocialmediawimps
3 stooges remake is the racial equivalent to the Fat Albert remake in that they are both TERRIBLE FUCKING IDEAS
I thought its somthing els and those paged are not reall ?
yup u surprised me a lil too muc lol i thought iwas about to get robbed LOL
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes the need for wills and estate planning for each spouse.
Whenever you feel like criticizing any one, just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
NCIP connection w/ Polaris  Innovative could open doors for INNreach sharing
Lunch time!
Every one's picking on my justinbieber picture :
nowplaying put that a to work
To max ROI ok, I bought the kindle version, but WTF soundtrack seems to be missing .
.
.
America needs One direction3 we love you here
Pleeeeez, BabyJeebus!
Let your disciple Little Timmeh go awitnessin' to the Raiders!
Me, I'll even pray for it!
I always cry in Charlie St.
Cloud...
Yay!
: Love your blog!
Finally!
DevOps Meat
good luck to your lovely wife in the mister.
World pageant nxt wk.
and all of us will be rooting 4 I!
Come to my final Glee Concert tonight in Party Space  9pm!
I'm accompanying lots and will be singing, too!
Free food and dessert after!
shows recognizes overseas talent but is firm on outsourcing and that DCtech policy is more than just for
Going to bed with a stuffy nose endless sneezing achey body and can't get enough water hope I feel better by tomorrow.....
If you happy and you know it slap your friend!!!!
looks at 
lol so true...i like Mmkay when all is chill.
Bored as fuck.
Someone text me.
Why do so many folks flock to bad movies?
HP Certifies Ubuntu Linux
Congrats to our friends at Enterprises on the opening of the incredible new ICON Exhibit.
Jus ended the studio session work hard and late then get up early n start this process all over again FLiGhtSkool
Hope y'all enjoyed the hotel!
Have a great day!
Good morning everyone!
How was your weekend?
Today we will do a bit of Q  A!
Trivia fun!!!
So what for it starting at 10am!
Denim on denim.
Good look, guy.
PickUpLine: You smell wet.
Let's Party.
bulls lost Lil Crusha I'm sick.
Really don't want to get out of my nice warm bed.
Ugh 
This whole getting off work at four am thing is strange...
RT : Hope all of you rescue moms out there had a great Mother's Day!
Don't miss Matthew Bournes reinterpretation of one of ballets classic and most beloved stories, Swan Lake on 3/20!
Tix
Sips o' the Irish.
Top of the evening to ya.
Happy St.
Patty's Day
DJ autoscroll
Dog like..
I seriously don't any prob w/ whoopin yo ass!
misterjuarez needs to speak with you c:
Enjoy limo 50 Off with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Why can't you listen to me for one in yo life
Doug, you're a winner with or without the hat.
Patti Mayonnaise was giving motivation way before Kelly Rowland.
found my itouch!!
back on twitter:
78 days left of school.
May 17th.
gosh your my idol !
:
Mini Golf Tournament 9 am 's in BeachHaven or Beat the heat with an early HAPPYHOUR and 's Tavern at 3.
This guy wrote choreography for the club...
Boy let the music move you with all you got nolife with
tell them im here
: Courage will help you focus on the opportunities in front of you instead of on the problems.
quote
Even their standard sizing runs ridiculously small, is what I discovered when I tried them on.
Carnegie  Gitomer  Ultimate Sales Success.
If you are serious about growing your business, doctorp me a line.
So psyched for this program!
Congrats Steve Hartnett!
The Academys Associate Director of Education was interviewed by USA Today for a story slated to run on Monday!
Serious writing is overrated.
;
It is difficult, but not impossible, to conduct strictly honest business
Girls have a bad habit of holding on for too long.
Guys have a bad habit of letting go too easily.
going to support at The Baseball Tavern.
Whats going on?
I usually rely on you for all my Jags news...
Only he who can see the invisible can do the impossible.
Frank L.
Gaines
Thanks for asking, but I won't receive any presents until after dinner tonight.
Spring jacket, and stereo stuff I think.
: powerlunchThat's a Good Look
Well done Andy....
Hopefully our bats will bail you out
she won't let me come to u
We appreciate the support from Up North Happy Jazz Appreciation Month
Chilling at home wit Danelle,  Sarah getting ready to watch the Blazers / Suns game
Baby you light up my world like nobody else!!
keep me posted lol
thatawkwardmomentwhen the airport sales clerk and airline ticket agent say, Have a good flight, and I say, You, too.
doctorymond Green wiping the court.
Whenever I try to talk to my dad about himself, I realize that a conscious lack of selfexamination is a huge part of his life.
nowplaying Up Up Up and Saw You First on repeat...
great start to the day!
Cabernet Day is here!
It is way too hot for cabernet.
Anyone interested in doctornking a little Savennieres?
:D
I might finish this pint of peach sorbet before Obama finishes speech debtceilinganxietymuch?
lol just wrong
well I did nigga!
I love how these tweets have nothing to do with Harry but he's still in themx
Sounds like a plan!
No problem!
Y'all will be a good radio team
Rest in Peace MJ.
: I can't even focus in school anymore, all I think about is SUMMER!
Good night, friends!
Talk to ya all tomorrow!
RT : Dan, Improve perception of schools, aggressive innovation centers, adult education.
This is so random but you are at the Palmer house, right?
And cheese!
:
Whenever A Boy sees a Girl cry, Thats when the real them comes out.
lmao Girl you stank, take a bath SouljaBoy !
Cc RT : Omg listening to yotes on am radio is tough to do!!!!
Howl!!!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Chilling at my sisters Softball practice!!::
Love you so much!
You are the
i wish there were two of me
on wednesday ?
Southern boys are adorable.
3
RT : Screaming Tuna S.I.N.
Mondays.
Super savings on sushi, sake  spirits.
See us at 10Six Seeboth.
A lot of people from school saw my picture on instagram,  were like if you need someone I'm here.
cutting isn't right.
blah blah blah.
awee damn i used all my skips , , SlawwAssSong doee
Playing a NLHE tournament with the SD Syndicate.
I probably need a win today in order to be seriously in the running for a ME event seat.
Well said...
Nail it before you scale it via
You had me at comfy chairs...
Grab me some Runza, would ya?
RT : Back in Kearney, Nebraska.
IM SO BORED!
SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM MY BOREDNESS!!
to need release
I don't recall that garbage
You have to think big to be big.
Claude M.
Bristol
Just check your DMs please
Letters submitted to Interfolio will not be altered.
If the writer includes the date, then it will show.
I haven't!
I'll ask around.

Prius owner eagerly awaiting the release of the CMAX, want to compare
Really enjoyed meeting Kandice w/ at this weekend's FtLauderdale wedding!!
Happy Holidays!!
Thank u 4 your follows, retweets  support!
Spinal/neck injuries keep me from posting daily but hopefully remedied in 2012!
Burying a Catbert doll, maybe?
Never let it be said I don't follow back!
I liked Flat Out Love.
Do you follow your fans?
Yes it was RT : Seen a happy couple actually having fun together last nite..u dnt see that too often
I agree.
It really is the worst air port ever.
IM SO READY FOR SCHOOL TO BE OVER OR TO doctorP OUT OR FOR IT TO BE OUTLAWED
It doesn't matter whether I'm good at it or not, I really like computational geometry.
: I can't go this year but Ashley will be there!
RT :  you ladies are GOOD!
see you at PINCamp?
Just finished the bday celebration!
Awesome time!
hooked me up!
My ppl at Lucy's kept the booze flowing.
Whew Lawdy!!
Our song Single For Sure is on Radio Cafe's Top Ten Countdown, Help us to get to No.
1 by voting for our song!
You can vote everyday!
RTWT If you have Less then 5,000 Followers Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k
Taking out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone.
Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
why is this tool following me and better yet, why am I following him...things to ponder while doctorving
No more time for nasty losers!
Call me what you like but I only speak the truth ;
people who steal from musicians are the fucking SCUM OF THE EARTH.
sorry doods.....sending love your way....
Thanks for the FFs, everybody!!
GO CATS!
if I had I wish it would be to meet you : 3
It's hard to deny the best team in the country.
Good for Kentucky.
As Pitino said, bring it home
Every time I eat I feel AMAZING!
I just confess my everlasting love to him hahahaaaahahahahah
cheh who's talking now, ahaha!
:D
OF COURSE JOHN KRASINSKI WOULD COME INTO WORK ON THE DAY I SWITCHED FOR A DIFFERENT SHIFT.
: changing my name to   Its a pretty good name if I do say so myself!!
Finally Friday!!!!
Couldn't come soon enough!
Have a great weekend everybody!
Obama didn't call Assad a reformer as you claimed, he called him a war criminal you pathological liar!!!!!!!!!!
call me
for the record: more cameras in TC courtroom for Apple hearing than anytime in recent memory.
I was thinking same re: an SD SNL.
And not to plug myself but I was practicing my NF homage in the car this AM
I feel like an american walking through Germany the day after WWII
We want to thank everyone who attended last night's Community Mixer  Luau.
We are grateful for all the support and involvement!
Stopping by to say hello
Any up and coming videographers out there with industry quality?
Hit us up
My mind is blown right now!!
I hope it will  look forward to reading it!
Alex Smith...
Wow.
Jingle Bells Santa Smells more than his stinky sleigh!!
ATTN: unsigned singers, dancers,rappers join our Team send an email if you're TALENTED We GOT Work!
Uhm they wouldn't have Jessica Simpson on FashionStar if she didn't know what's going on in fashion.
He was rude.
Oh, you hate me.?
Thats weird cause I've never even talked to you before.
Thanks for the chat!
And Sveum looks ugly in blue and red.
ive been missing you nate 3333
Sending love to our mamas today.
Santorum: We have five weeks until a big win here in
This is not a threat, but a fact of history.
4 most part, media is not capable of going beyond stereotypes, sad 2 say.
richness of humanity baffles mainstream media
: Does anyone else give to Christmas gift charities?
we save are year long change and donate it
RT : On Saturday this year, the Milwaukee Model T Club will display their cars, including several trucks and a Fire Engine!
its not that he wouldn't be great at it...
I just think he should stick to acting and not give into the pressure
I sure did, I don't know what else to do on here....
Not gonna have my car back for another week!
FML!
The highest price ever paid for a sushi grade Bluefin Tuna was 396,000 for a 754 pound fish on January 4th, 2011 at Tsukiji
Bridesmaids with
I like you.I like you.I like youbut i really want her..hmm where is this from?
RT Sold last copy of Bringing up the Bodies just b4 mister came in.
SORRY!
There goes Mother's Day.
::SOB::
Prettier than Halley and thicker than
Do you do QAs whenever you get bored?
Lol
Last night my wife and 2 daughters went ot girlnscout camp and no movies on tv.
Tonight HEART BREAK RIDGE FOR ALL U JARHEADS.
But damn good.
We just created a new list titled 'Laser Scanning Industry', follow it here: /laserscanningindustry
NY SHRUNK YOUR FOOT!?!
We certainly do got with Invisalign!
Please give us a call if you have any other questions 8583527890
Thanks for the follow!
A on GOLF Road?!
likes the sound of that!
Went ahead, replaced 5yrold MacBook before its death.
Impressed it lasted this long.
Could've prolonged w/ wipe/fresh install, but...
enh.
There is so much hate in this world; it is disgusting.
Give back, be humble, and love widely.
just making sure my assumptions were correct, guess they were.
No time to recover.
WAS SO FUN RT doctornking bottles with homies bout to check out the Naked and Famous.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart.
It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
Judy Garland
still available in bottles.
I'll definitely check it out...
I am looking for a new library position, if you know of someone retiring, please let me know...thanks.
Trade has branded it the official retirement home; a lie; it has only ever had 1 NYC carriage horse, we'll see.
It didn't take long...
I didn't make it thru the 365 on Flickr, yet again.
Hows the pups?
good luck winning the lottery folks
news: Top Benefits Of Technology Blogs
I luv Nicholas Sparks!
The movie is probably good
lol once i got full of eating so i was just sitting at the table and he goes justin bieber and i got up and ate.
lmfao
Saw The Avengers on Sunday.
Nice to hear that original Hulk Lou Ferrigno got to voice the Big Guy's only line in movie.
AND coxcable Tier 2 guy did NOT know xkcd shibboleet comic strip joke, so can't be a real tech support geek.
Im Brilliam So Today In French I Was Like ThaTs What Make Me Hate You More Zayn For Ni Apparent Reason
Are all the invites going to go out tonight?
For the WIN
Seriously you're way overreacting about this.
It's been going on since November.
Time to grow the fuck up.
We're in high school.
I just saw the commercial for season 2 and I started jumping around in excitement
She say my MUSIC Bangn like 10 FREAKS
Why do people go to the gym again?
Do they not know what a nap is?
Costumes and TrickorTreating tomorrow!
Positive Tomorrows students love Fall Break Camp, even on rainy days!
Omg, I CANNOT with this white girl wearing a scarf and a bonnet....and her boyfriend is a marshmallow thug!!!
I want to thank the federal government for giving me the opportunity to be unemployed so I could tweet abt  watch really bad tv.
Is up gettin that money

Had I thought I wasn't ahead, I'd have chinned in and finished that arm lock  NICK DIAZ.
He could've, but chose not to?
today i am happier than a bird with a french fry :
Appreciate the support means a lot.
Gingrich spoke about Martin L.
King, Jr.
and honoring his legacy, while Perry talked about his work in Texas and his appointments.
For my gamer friends out there don't forget to follow
I love wandering down greeting card aisles by myself looking at the Valentines Day section because weeping is great for my abs.
.
hey so I know I'm skinny and white but we're totally cousins and I heard you made it to the NFL so you wanna give me some ?
Kim Kardashian threatens, err, says she want to run for Glendale, CA Mayor.
OMG.
If Glendale folks can't tell their ass from an ass...
60 of the time...it works every time.
Thanks!
With the rain I'm very happy to have my suitcase.
RT : rooting for you today after your crazy travel to get to dc
So ready to see miss Greer tomorrow
Hope I didn't forget any mothers.
Did u know that if you're rich in Las Vegas u can do whatever u want?
U can even be a total douchebag!
This Mac is testing my patience.
I've waited an hour and a half for it to start up.
What in the world is going on?
Yes!!
Where do you want to go?
Should the Chronicle of Higher Education be boycotted until Naomi Schaefer Riley is removed from Brainstorm?
Nothing is but thinking makes it so.
Shakespeare
BIG weekend for  Men in Froz4  Women r Nat'l Champs
Mom and Dad are taking us for a ride in the CAR to see POLLY!!
Hey wait...Polly is our VET!
Did I just hear someone say shots?!?
I had an epiphany the moment I was born.
I'm going to have to shave down there all my life.
You know who's services the Packers could really use right about now?
Johnny Jolly.
Get over it.
It was the past, people change.
Just because someone does ONE thing wromg doesn mean they are a teerible person.
can't wait to see!
FUCK YOU.
YOU LIAR
Paul can still rock it out.
gm gm gm gm gm ciroq had that ass last night
RT : Your REAL FRIENDS are there for you when you're down and out.
One great thing about warmer weather around in winter is being able to run outside!
Good luck this weekend .....proud of you !
captainin America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
Haters don't really hate you they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be
That moment when I realize I subconsciously got doctorssed up today to impress somebody.
Gotta love sample day at Whole Foods!
hell ya
Ridin solo 2nyt but thanks for all the mad fans that came out 2nyt...
I want some boba!
Mom if you see this...
lets go get some boba!!!
XD
I hate when people tell me I'm too old for cartoon.
No ones too old for cartoons.
What's Gucci Mikey?
How ya dern?
;
Super excited to celebrate Ashy Larry Wednesday tomorrow.
' I wnt it to stop, but it won't!
Great discussion about violence and the mvmt in the Cold Civil Rights Cases class Thanks Brett Gadsen  Hank Klibanoff; great work!
Crazy fucking night...
All I know is that I'm not letting my room mate doctornk for a while...
Have a great day everybody!
Thanks for sharing your love with all...Marley Family everywhere I send you love,peace and happiness...
Started my Worthy painting yesterday, hope to get my camera back from my son so I can share some progress pics along the way!
:
damn, like all the different combos haha alright sweet thanks and anything you know that will help me get hired?
Wallace what's up?
I cross the crosses cause I bury my losses.
Keep it moving like a G6 in traffic.
That's why we got Brandon Marshall!
Nice 60yd catch and stiff arm for the TD.
follow me andoctorww !!!
:
Learn to Live
no need for an identity crisis.
We are still listening.
you'll always be my best guy friend: 3
DavidGraziano Tell me the number you'll accept?
question gets asked of candidate and the hiring manager before problems start
5thingsyoucantdo is Roll a blunt of Kush at a Police Dept  Light it up and say, Hey mister Police you want a pull!
This shit is Gucci!!
Hold your phone shes got a cannon
I'm here to take advantage of the things you take for granted!
BULLS WIN!!!!!!!
Bring on the Miami Heat!!
I can't wait!
....
accent related 'comment'.
WAs, yes a few days old, but I agree with gary neville, so thought it was well worth retweeting,okay?.
And
Down .6lbs.
Could've been more but I'm addicted to candy.
Boys: if you're talking to a girl don't be talking to 10 other girls at the same time
I can't see what you're replying to...
RT : News flash!
Out of touch academic claims she's never...
no way bro!
He doesnt make a crappy movie..
You're lucky I ain't have doctorp him from the team.
I should go to sleep but I just can't...
hadtworedbullstoday 
What do you mean still sick?
i used too
Hey Justin!
My new account.
Like it?
3 3
Yeah, sad about KaleidoscopeVillage  I had high hopes for that place.
Thought it might be my home eventually.
We have a Limo or two available this weekend.
Call now before you miss your opportunity to rent the nicest Limo and Limo Buses in Pittsburgh
hate to count Kobe out but this game is over
There you go again...ruining my surprise!
:
thanks edgar!
Not running though, just working!
Also, people that are undecided for the general election generally skip primaries.
Somehow, there are still a lot of them.
Thanks Carol!
Have fun at the Zones!
RT : Working on review of Cherdonna  Lou Show.
Then to Twilight Zone ....
Just about to see Avengers with and !!!
So excited This is so exciting!
:D
So sorry, I missed your dm.
The prize includes all agency fees required to create a spot.
Client pays expenses, incl.
media.
Actually, that's the only logical way to read it.
GURL ON YO MIND CUZ CLEARLY YOUR NOT ON HIS IM JUST LETTIN THAT BE KNOWN
Im gonna' miss austin with his braces /3
Finally off.
The office was a doctorg today
PeeWee Herman coming up on the tvlandawards ...
this should be a hoot !!
ipod ipod where for art thou my ipod???
I wonder how moth stew tastes?
first three people to become a friend of Lew Hagood on Fb today will receive a free copy of his book Pieces of Me...
Search KARISSA LYNN on Youtube to see my cover of Closer by Kings of Leon!!!
and thanks for following us!
According to the Hub network, Mall Santa premieres tonight, Dec 17, and will air on Dec 24th at 1:30 pm EST.
I'm just not sure we create experiences that allow for all kids potential to be tapped.
Is there any ownership of the learning?
Never regret yesterday.
Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow.
L.
Ron Hubbard
if u could only see what I look like right now Lol.....
I'm living so I can't complain :
It's official, an additional artist has been added to the BonfireJam Pensacola Beach lineup, but we cannot announce just yet!
Hmm...
Lady gaga is a uhly man
he's leaving right meow
Will someone just come write this stupid thing for me?
I checked out of school at least week ago.
Damn got love boys and there toys:
Thanks Chicago for the kickass time last night!
Where human rights are under attack, being in a network lets you doctorw on the power of a much larger group committed to the mission
So those Swedish Fish I got you are sitting on my bed and they are calling my name
How do I merge my two Twitter accounts..
and
Thanks, Chris!
I think so.
I was wondering why they offered a regular shuttle to Sycuan when I signed the lease.
Happy Derby Week!
We still have a few tables on our patio for ALL concerts this week at 4th St Live!
Call/Text Tobi Danise at 502.417.7640
I am tired
predictions for this weekend?
Spurs for Champions League?
United for the title?
did i hurt your feelings?
oh, fucking sucks.
sounds delicious
Attended the UICA film benefit event this week showcasing academy award winner for documentary short Daniel Junge's One Day and Saving Face
I don't smoke.
I don't do doctorgs.
I'm a virgin.I will not lose my selfrespect just to fit in.
thanks for voting today  I hope Alex voted early or got an absentee
I used my friends addoctorss before I moved to Portland.
What they don't know won't hurt em!
No, I get wasted and watch it from the sidelines.
It's my St.
Patty's day.
Thanks !
Me Too Love The picture !
Are you staying warm and safe?
Very awesome news: This weekend the SpursChicas will be at the games!
Picking out some sessions at the Wisconsin association of academic librarians conference.
Everything looks good!
Nick Fury.
Thanks for the FF!
thanks will do :
Thank you!
When are you up here?
I would like to see you 3
Great tips!
Thank you!
We must agree that  are two excellent local Indiana choices!
easy money 
Listening to Farting in the general direction of my house plants.
I need a goddamned adventure.
That's because Portland's public transit is awesome!
How are you?
after all the good ive done i still dont see why they mad at me
im with my lil sis she is lurning how to go to the bathroom hahaha lol
Money Saving Tip: W/ the cooler weather coming in, consider leaving your windows open when you sleep.
Enjoy the fresh air  the savings.
thanks same for annmarie
And the demolition has begun this morning!
Ferguson says City 39;in doctorving seat39; to clinch Premier League title
don't tease us!!!
lol
GG2011 Natural Leader award for community service goes to James King for his work in Atlanta, GA!!!
Cyber bullying!
: Epic temper tantrum on hold RT thx for being so much nicer about it than  
thank u!
Kia had to use there entire marketing budget for 2012 on that commercial
I wish I was petite  tiny so finding cute clothes would be easier.
But no, I'm stuck being tall ass Amanda Burke.
And yet I don't think I've ever seen you in a Star Wars tee.
The question: Were you doctorssing up or down?
I hope lakers get swept by OKC 
good luck hope u have a good time praying for you
Just Aced my PHHE test
After watching I remember how said I kind of sound like Phil Phillips...
Alex, that man is a god.
I'm not xD
After watching that video...
Cam's reasoning  Zach's reasoning.
hi buddy ari good morning love you so much my dear buddy have a great day and take care xoxo 3
I want to go goose hunting tomorrow but don't have anyone to go with
U.S.
stocks opened lower; Greece's struggle to form a government intensified worry about the region's debt.
thank you for feeling so conflicted on my behalf.
i take your jealous rage as a compliment, naturally.
SAMMMMEEEEEEE I'm so proud to be a fan girl makes NE smile everyday
Say what you will about Lou Bega.
saintly selfcontrol is hard, though I may disagree with what he said, I will defend to the death his right to say it...
Yup.....posted almost 2 hrs ago and it is now showing up in the dashboard...
Thank yall for coming out.
God bless you.
Goodnight.
'technically this is not porn' LMAO excuse me while I fall over laughing ;
No way Knicks win this game,king James is so clutch.lebron is way better than mj,better closer than Kobe,more versatile than magic.sarcasm?
Things you shouldn't say to your Dad; wow, the yard looks terrible
RT  What risks are you taking to discover the life you were born to live?
Change it from philadelphia flyers to philadelphia giroux thas the only good player they got!
Note: When writing songs / sometimes stupid shits sounds great / that just happened / Matt
Chris Paul is kinda good.
9 days and this iphone gets activated 
Going to go with for the ladies, and can I pick myself for the guys?
He was being so crazy it freaked me out.
He was the doctorver!
Not cool.
I even took down his name and can number.
Haha.
Time well spent!
Actually, I kind of agree with my sister.
They can't change the past once you get back.
:p
oh ya princess fairies and all it awesome like I said
Thank you dearly
Eating olive garden tomorrow and maybe shopping!
That's a risky fashion choice for that venue!
All I gotta say is it don't feel very good when you do a 360 and flip over you your handlebars straight to your head.
I haven't finished Death Note.
Fuck you.
How is your day going?
I hope its great :
We are not speaking you dolt...we are writing.
I would expect a smart atheist pussy like you to know the difference.
ABQ Events  SO EXCITED FOR THIS!
One Night of Queen by Gary Mullen  The Works.
Relive all your Queen favorites Mar 1
how are things in the northern south?
Bracket is no longer perfect ..
.
One game complete, one game wrong ..
.
watching jc caylen's youtube videos3 How about you?:
Yes, right, but LCHS too.
I did not have Deacon Wentzel who tended to modify these things.
sorry what you been up too?
You can't change someone.
Either accept who they are, or start living without them.
Patriots all day baby 3
I need to meet ...like this weekend, after the game.
steampunk could do more, ie addoctorss class issues
Mike that is not true, I canvassed on the train last month, lots of people riding during the day.
Happy Valentine's Day  3
If ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness, I have lots of practice.
So, I am an expert at short selling stocks
Hahahahahahah so true : us whores gotta stick together!
You are doing a great job tweeting from the sbjsba!
David's video won!!!!
Thank you to all who voted!
I know you wanna follow me.
;
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
Freya Stark
Happy to see the latest issue of the Newestlatter reach my inbox.
One of many good reasons to belong to the International Joyce Foundation
Scratch that...
It's Dianna DePinto, lol!!
Dumb.
I am dumb.
Haha!
I'm annoying myself.
what, was Larry David or George Costanza too busy to write this article?
lol
wowza!
Neil Patrick Harris in the buff on that stupid sitcom of his  yeah, I think he's hot  and, yeah, it's because he is totally gay!!
My mind is like jello in the ghetto of THIS FREAKING PLAY, MAN!
2 of my coffeeshop research participants use blogs heavily in work sessionsfor reading/research not writing.
.
.
Damn you, !
I finally get my butt out of bed in time to catch the 415, and it's expressing to DC.
you know too much
So true!
Move your tongue like a spoke.
WHAT?
haha Me: Becka, you're not moving like an arch.
You: I'm an animal ON the ark:
yeah, so of you ever need to talk, I'm here for you.
Oh wee!!
RT : just made my damn day!
Literally .
Monroe gets 2 RBI on infield single in second by No.
9 hitter Katie Holmes to go up 21
RT : Clean Streets, Clean Water: will talk trash and waterways at UM this Wed.
12:301:30 p.m.
in the Green Room.
Accept the fact that she will melt your heart anytime she chooses.
Any of my fellow Twits use TeuxDeux, Remember The Milk, or Todoist?
Recommend one over another?
Apparently I am a fatass.
I broke the couch in my basement when I sat on it
i heard that
If you are really thankful, what do you do?
You share.
W.
Clement Stone
Hard work can sometimes make up for the lack of talent.
What can I get with a bagel when I go back to school tomorrow...hm
.'s closing remarks center on the numerous suicides and injuries of football players, including Junior Seau's last week
Go Giants!
We are, in part, defined by our past, but it is the role models or heroes we choose that determine who we become.
itsjustme
Touchdown for touchdown  Oregon  Wisconsin.
Every time they say Monte Ball I think they are saying Moneyball
Superbowl time I don't even like american football
always happy to help!
LiamPayneFollowmaaaaaaaary1D lets trend this NOW didint you guys have a doctoram ?
Agree.
A shame we have to lose the awesome actor in order to lose the baggage.
Nice to see a GA show, though.
I am going to try to keep my mouth shut so i don't upset this game
bring it!
YES please
You Dope AF
Two weeks of solitude would serve me well about now...
Romney is the only candidate that stands a chance to defeat a billion dollar Obama campaign
A walk to remember is on3
I didn't know Kucher did golfers AND pressure washers!
:
Honestly hwy 37 should be an interstate...
It's soo slow
: Nothing takes the mojo out of a good NBA playoff game like a forced WNBA commercial.
hahaha!
That's hilarious
You guys are all about storytelling so you should LOVE the new format.
good morning!
I'm doing well and you?
professort Over Wages.
congrats!
What a great day for you both.
Im ScreaMing Real Nigga.
By Myself.
All Day.
Everyday.
In my car.
On my bike.
In church.
the club.YOU WANNA GO NIGHT NIGHT NIGGA???
no you said delicious :
Santorum, we know plants consume CO2 because of the scientific process.
The same process that demonstrates mass evidence for global warming.
Welcome to the club!
Give me the chance to love yo.
I'll tell you the only reason why.
Cause you are on my mind
Blue Kyanite in my present possession
Clippers will win I promise you
This number 1 thing I've learned from this conference is that I need to learn more programming.
Biology is so stupid.
Already read TUMBLEWEEDS.
My waitingonwednesday is Chris Grabenstein's FUN HOUSE, due 5/1.
Q1: I love selfcheckout.
It's convenient, allows for anonymity, and frees up libs to do more important things.
Leave us your email as a message if you want the best updates!
Rio20 is our chance for change.
Just woke from a well needed nap....
Are you at the game??
quote It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf.H.L.
Mencken
You're already following me but the world needs to know
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
I wish I could just be paid to do what I like to do: talk hockey, and read books.
Then maybe I would also have the time to not be a fat ass
There Was a Brain Went Broken
And it's not even my birthday ;
These females need to understand Im nt about to steal yo man on purpose Thats just how i roll
What's on repeat for me this week?
's new album, The Body Wins.
glad you enjoyed your froyo at Orange Leaf!
Are you an EMT?
If so, I hope you mentioned that to receive your 15 off!
Does each user have to use that authorize part of your blog post?
Can you DM me and maybe we can email.
I'm desperate.
the answer to HK on any ??
like that,,NO,, outta respect you your marrige I'll shut up now
: Realizing you can smell Fierce from a mile away...
aberproblems work til close
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
and she gives u ur food at.
Mickey d's gag!!!
I do!
I actually just ordered a new one.
It should be here in a week or two.
You can get a passport card!
Much cheaper!!
coldplayonidol is killing it!!
Reliving the concert they did last week!!!
Wow...
RT : The Nielsen numbers are in, and it's official: has beaten the for a second week.
my friends say I'm a skinny person who was an obese person in a past life because i eat so much  I'm so skinny
Maybe Landoctor should spend more time conditioning and less time bulking up.
Spaced on Netflix!
Dudes responsible for Shaun of the Dead, Hot Fuzz and Paul
Don't waste your time on trash.
I figured out the reason my rotator cuff hurts, and his name is Asher.
hi.
how is jesper parnevik doing?
always been a fan.
know he's been hurt.
thanks.
Jury returning to courtroom after morning break.
Gov.
Patrick expected soon after.
I live in a tent
I know very well that this is possible :P
im SO on it
koreavalentine Dear speculators, I've got a yen for your yen of the yen.
Love, HyundaiKia
Thank you for the praise.
We do what we can here 
Of the marketers that have hosted virtual events, 28 claim that it met or exceeded expectations according to Exhibition Media Group.
Fact: Leftists pay protestors.
Not all of them, but enough to warrant skepticism.
Don't cry over that boy who broke your heart, he only broke it because he knew he wasn't going to be the one to complete it.
Happy Birthday 2 ya!
:
Well, as much as I'd love to stay up and keep telling more about 1D, she's learning, I really need to go to bed, g'nite!
3
Sometimes no matter how comfortable u are, u still need reassurance with an occasional 'I love u'
glad you were able to make it up for this one.
Have me with some summer sausage
ok then talk to me bb
Absolutely amazing show!!!
Tasha from Texas says I love this place!
Today is Elton John's birthday!
He has won 6 Grammy's and was also knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1998 for his charitable work.
Seriously...
These adults and their child talked throughout the WHOLE movie...
Thankyou, ssg.
Our art ezine and gallery openings after the first of the year will be awesome.
Ya think?
thank you!
Started the day off w/ some warm lemon water and then ate really clean...now to just get off the couch and workout, it'll be a perfect day!
Successful literacy programs, and how to implement them on the national level.
Thanks, ladies!
Nick Let's compromise.
I'll leave if you can spell genius.
Hint: There are 2 C's, 2 A's, 2 M's, 1 E, 1 R, 1 O, and 1 N.
Happy Friday FF follower of the week
great!
And the new site will make this even more prominent
Incredible!
Thanks everyone for stopping by Liacouras Walk Table 95 for TempleFest.
Please join us tomorrow from 15!
SCT Study Away ROCKS!
's cooking me breakfast butt naked..
Be careful with the Superbowl talk.
But yea, I feel so good about this year!
It took many hours yesterday but finally got Git  doctorsh installed on remote server for the first time  pulling from github.
My time and skills are worth money.
If this isn't a benefit to raise money for a not for professort then cut my check.
Libra With a Libra, your goal is to work towards their butt.
That's where it's at.
lmao we do have nice butts...i guess...
That happens to me all.the.freaking.time.
Just received unsolicited agile training conference email from a company I shall henceforth refer to only as SCRUM of the earth
An app for social cues.
A GREAT idea!
Great resource!
RT : Great session!
Check out the Digital Archive of Literacy Narratives: daln.osu.edu
maybe we could put something together for tom night.
Said all year the New York Giants were secretively the most dangerous team in the NFL.
will hit u up
Looks cute :
omg i am soo proud of austin and how far he has come!!
young man, were you even 13 years old in 2000?
With the Home Path Mortgage Program, more people may be able to become home owners!
why haven't you tweeted.
;
Cranberry with Vodka ,yum 3
ObamaFirsts First President to Blame America First.
Happy Cinco De Mayo
Oh, that's right.
I read that in his tweets yesterday.
Thanks!
yes, that seems to make the most sense
What is it with my Twitter randomly unfollowing peeps?
My laptop is possesed OO
Hi sweets!
;
Horny?
Got Lap Dances!
20 every Wednesday
Gotta jump on that sc2 practice
Don't know how I feel about all these new rappers.
They all seem to be the same dude.
And if you sold so much dope why you rappin??
Still doctoraming of the warm brussel sprouts, chestnut agnolotti  zeppoles with pumpkin caramel I ate at last night.
Happy Friday
that pic was from Friday night.
Last night me and Emma relaxed and painted our nails.
just got camp by childish gambino.
favorite rapper now!
So NOT funny!
Four minutes after being in Pittsburgh I screamed Fuck you!
Do you know where I'm from?!
to some douche in a pickup truck.
ThoughtsDuringSchool damn dat substitute teacher is fine.
8 foot gator, just 8 feet away.
I wonder why he was frightened by me?
Oh man I'm beat like a piata, Gnight :
Video: He's Back: Bizzle Response To JayZ  Kanye West No Church In The Wild!
First time on twitter.
It's fun!
Just hope I won't become addicted to it:
the USB way?
Any tips?
Been in school a lot and not on twitter.
How is everyone????
Having a Happy Sam's Birthday with  others!
that's one way to say we're all in it together ;
Merry Sherlock Eve, to all my dear Holmesians in the UK.
Hey YouInspireMe so much u changed many lifes,many people u MakeAChange in the world!
Ur such an inspiration Love ya plz RT
: Laura needs a chill pillwhy...?
Lmao
it is flippin hot down here  where has all the rain gone?
RT : one round and done?
yes sir!!
One  Done!
Redeem yourself!!
truer words never spoken.
also, belatedly: haven't heard terri  earl but WILL.
his segment in the pbs banjo special was great.
Touring Metro High School on a great day trip to Columbus, OH.
Every time I watch the Fireworks video from Katy Perry.
I cry.
It just hits me in a very emotional spot.
if anybody wants me to be in there video tweet me and i will help out!
tweet me or dm!
PLEASE put in the hey song after the stars score a goal!
:
I just Jamed to a whole Spanish song : noteveo .
BONES is on FOX.
Ah, that explains it.
I did first time I was invited but never really came back.
:
great  times are busy work/home.
New baby in 4 wks :
Whaa you was talking about me!?
Sry my ears tune out BS
To cold at work today!!!
; Oh snap!!!
text it an see if u get it
New I See Stars song?
So freaking PUMPED!
MotivationalMonday Change your voice from I don't know how to do this to What do I need to achieve this
I appreciate the support, guys!
It was delicious.
Just believe in yourself and work hard, no matter what obstacles or hardships come in your way
All day neuroscience  awesome.
ty Michael for the shout out!
How was your mom's Bday??
right now deAndoctor freaking Jordan looks like a better center
'Life is a box of chocolates'  Forrest Gump?
No, Murakami wrote it first in Norwegian Wood.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristotle
DC United at Chicago Fire now on ESPN2
researched data file source; WCSelection implementation; emailed suppliers; analyzed orders/spec.; started new DDA procedure
Happy Halloween twitterverse!
He Asked Me Can He Eat Me Out .
FOH How Old Is He Like 12 Askinn For kissesShit His Young Ass !
So jealous!
I wonder if Spam musibi would hold up in the mail...
hey man love the music, you guys should deff put up some guitar tabs i've been trying to learn some of of your stuff.
lol
Yes!!
It's like a sauna : So..I'm gonna go to my grandmas:
Another Sunday, another night of reading postings from people slapping my lack of cable in my face.
I miss you!
D Bryan started it.
Lets go Watson on Jeopardy!
I wonder where I would be in life now if I took those chances...
Tawlk is not supported on mobile phones yet.
Things will probably look strange until it is.

HAHAHA, I know right...if we could just get a dollar for every download, we could actually do a decent budget movie.
Playoff basketball is really heating up; great games went down last night setting up great ones this weekend
there's hearts all over the world tonight
The only class there should be is human
Resident: having so many special events means a tolerance for bad behavior.
And NOW we're also going to get huskies
Sometimes I wonder if I'll ever be able to sing the riff on the word sun in Fun's We Are Young.
wow now that's a throwback!
When you lose touch with something, remember what brought you there in the first place, and fight for it.
I am trying to figure out twitter; didn't remember that I had signed up for this.
Next song on deck?
Who wants to embarrass me?
Hey Canada come see DETROPIA may 5 at Hotdocs!
today is going to be a great one!
It was nice to see all of you SMCROC this evening!
Thanks for being our guests!
not the perfect man but girl just give me a chance and my heart will be all yours
negative, what's to do there?
Breaking Dawn is scaring the shizzz outta me right now.
hey there fellow SMBer!
from San Diego.
Pethaps Casey Anthony wasn't available?
or for taking polls seriously...RT: OMFG DC it is FAR TOO EARLY FOR SEERSUCKER.
LET'S GO YOTES!
It really says something about the state of RedSoxNation when they eagerly await the return of...
DiceK Matsuzaka??
stop it!
You're too nice :
Lots of event planning this week!
So 's FollowFriday focus is on upcoming shows:
Never let a bald man cut your hair.
I agree with the former.
I would love to see figs re the latter.
And, believe me, I will rest my case without further noise.
What the heck am I going to watch when the Olympics are over?
Seriously...
I hope you feel much better soon!!
We need to stand up as a country and demand health care reform.
We will not be able to maintain this structure for much longer
Again...What is the Danish word for Oh h!!t!!!
Spending the morning in the server room.
Walked in Chruchill Downs right behind Moises Alou.
No big deal
I miss like crazy..
bearshare.com frostwire.com and bittorrent.com I hate how they closed limewire
awe what did it say?
My friend Larry Vaught told me via doctorid that there would be a shoneysremodel in Etown soon
VHA health resources: The department is a huge storehouse of data generally used by medical researchers
All I got is a dollar and a doctoram...
Ugh.
No more dubstep and no more dumb ass kids.
My headache makes me wanna throwup.
About to be late for work 
HELP!!!!!
Im at ralphs and cant decide between captainin crunch or cinnamon toast crunch
Dear One Direction, please go get a camera, sit on some stairs, and just act like general idiots together.
We miss it.
Love, Directioners.
Mayweather got every fucka in the ring
I know!!
It's so close but so far a way!!!
Kind of.
If you are the Southfield, MI come by Beans  Cornbread!
Tell them Sonya McGuire sent you!!!
Father John Misty
How I would love to start my high school years over again so I would make the right choices
what again babe?
lol im lost ..
Big 10 doctorps a tight one tonight, 108.
1st loss for the A's, who will take a week off for the 4th before returning to the diamond.
I do get the point.
I was just being contrarian because sometimes it's fun!
All of us who are old enough have personally experienced these issues.
Open that AtariWriter file, anyone?
lol how I feel!
your mom is the best!
i love her!
have a great day cam 3 miss and love you so much!
you just know what to say to me
Hehe, might just take your word on it man.
I'm kinda excited about it though, lol :D
filming acoustic set for roadshow sessions downtown austin in the back of a '61 corvair tonight!
We must be able to close a boring book, go to a bad movie and leave with people who do not value you ...
Awe, why thank you!
Lol
honestly, we wouldn't.
We're a nonprofessort and have always been.
We're happy that the 1917 is in the public domain.
I think the lack of in my life is the reason I'm losing all this damned weight hahahaha.
Watching someone from Champaign, IL on House Hunters International right now!
Well, done for 5 days, then 3 days of more school, then 2 days off, then leave for Copenhagen.
Ayoo so what happen to people tellin me the grizzlies suck...
No reply ok walks off
myneverendingthought: GOD I THANK YOU!!!!!!!
In the car..on my way to Chinese Restuarant!
wow!
Sorry to make you so upset!
maybe you should give her next week's
The Bassnectar tickets have been purchased and I paid the fucking service charges even tho I tried not to
Online degree programs typically feature accelerated courses that pack course material into an efficient timeline.
I'm going to go lay out in the sun now.
Totally!
AutoMaticBeats feat PLAN BEATS coming soon..
if you're still having trouble, call us at 2977520.
We're here from 9 to 5.
the circle never ends cuz i always find myself going right back no matter what i do
Thanks for having US!
Appreciate you!
first workout of the summer complete.
we need a topic
see you this weekend?
Never ending arguments 
swag swag swag on you, chilling by the fire while we eating fondue
does that mean you met ANOTHER guy last night after we hung out?
slow down esther!
:P
omg.
Of course I'm going to follow you
Everyone needs to follow right now!!
:
WORK AT HOME TIP: Make a list of your sucesses.
Post it where you can see it and add to it regularly.
Yes, definitely!!
Anytime!
GM everyone!
I had a great weekend in Georgia and made some wonderful connections!
It's great to meet new people...enjoy your day!
He's back with u cuz I wuldnt go to movies.
Haa.
Not exactly sure why TLR pulled his starter.
Hopefully this is the time that using the bullpen turns out to be a really bad idea.
I hope everyone takes a minute today to celebrate National Neil Diamond Day!
Forever in Blue Jeans, babe!
Lunch w/ puma friends lori nelson and noah gonzalez  the lovely andoctora orbeck soho house la
Six more days until the first two games of the regular season!
4 days until I'm back in my hometown to perform at a charity event I helped create..
Being nervous isn't even the half of it..
Get yo 1989 wind breakers out!!!
All jokes aside...TY everyone in advance who comes out to battle the 1 star wind...
TYTYTYTYTY XOXOXO
I am trapped inside a hot back room we call a classroom

My Mom called recently  asked Do you want these Dark Comic Books?
; Finally realized she meant THE Dark : how r u?
yeah, on March 31st, unfortunately.
Guys: dont EVER cheat on your girl.
it took her ALOT of courage to say she likes you.
dont just play with her heart.
: Minnesota is trading No.
3 pick Cleveland.
More ahead on ESPN.
Lol I do that even when they are looking
Why can't people say what they mean  mean what they say???
I sure will
And bad doesn't mean not entertaining.
It's a bmovie.
congrats!
That is great!
No late night love..Fuck it..
Loving being with and and earlier with
That was a moon shot by Jeter!!!
When life is overwhelming, it's a good idea to take a break to watch 'So You Think You Can Dance.'
Taylr's Joint Fashion Show!!love this local designer
Plz I like Bobby D but his ?
's are combative.
Whose side is he on?
1 or the rest of us!!!!!!
yung rich is bout to start tattooing
Watching the Poison Behind the Music and seeing the gal with the huge hair saying I think Poison kicks serious ass!
oh crap!
its happening...i'm mixing my spanish vocab with my french
Thank you : Wayne is some better and Mom says Hi too.
I could see that being the case.
I often become a green triangle when I'm there.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Backstreet Boys are making a comeback
RT I belong in a Disney Movie!
so do I!
You could play Goofy
Joh 14:21 He who has My commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves Me.
And he who loves Me shall be loved by My Father, and I will...
Did like all the colts starting line run a massive train on mister.
Irsay or something?
WTF
RT : Anybody give you cold bars yet ?
Just like a computer, garbage in, garbage out applies to the human heart.
Feed yourself with His Words and let life come out of you.
there's always a reason for being awake...
any news on your macbook repair?
Seriously, I am freezing in West Palm Beach, Fl cant wait to go to New York Wednesday to warm up
Angry boys on hbo is a riot
hahaha yeah, she hated me earlier when i was cleaning her cage.
she hid under my doctorsser :P hahah but now she loves me!
holy crap that scared me
didnt monta ellis sign a big deal a couple of yrs ago?
bro bro we gotta put are city out there
Tuesday is here and that means Cheesy Chicken Enchilada and Carnita Pork...makes Tuesday a little easier to bare!
I say no the first time.
That doesn't mean you can ask the same god damn question a week later!
Everyone FF the buttcrack out of ...
Woman should be in the 100's of followers by now
Congrats!
Have fun :
When I RT what I'm actually saying is Fuck I wish I wrote that
Thanks for coming to hangout and support!
western mass...
I got a job interview on Monday at a staffing agency!!
I hope I can get a job!!
that plus you consider yourself a fellow Music Geek!!
Getting ready for linernotes tonight at the Dunes....gonna be a great show!
I think the Mayans didn't like all Whitey not just the Spaniards.
lol I don't know how many times I've gotten up and had someone request a seat change to my lucky seat
Lord, it's hard to be humble when you're perfect in every way.
you should put a song on the stereo right now!
TheresNoWayInHell the wooden teeth meeting is not the best place in the world or on gwu campus to be ever or at 8pm on tuesdays in PHIL415
Note To Self: Be Dope.
Act Dope.
Stay Dope.
Yeah me too.
Thanks!!
Im about to make one of the BIGGEST decisions of my LIFE.....it's what's BEST !
Final grades will be posted on Wed night due to my absence.
Thanks for your patience.
Enjoy mister Smith.
Conserve, people!
Today, Lake Travis will fall below the lowest level it reached in 2009.
Here's new aerial video: bit.ly/pXwI0Y
Using the word thingy when you can't remember what something is called.
im probably gonna cry when i hear turntoyou TEAMSINGLEMOMS 3
andoctorwbreitbart R.I.P
Today is National Teachers Day.
Who was your favorite teacher?
talk back!
lol
Gary, just saw your message!
Would be thrilled to get together tonighthosting a conference tomorrow  graduation for HSEC
My first tweet on this account!
oh hahahaa totally misread that one.
I'm slightly embarrassed and i'm waiting for the day when I get sick of it
Dang Aidan could out eat anyone!
Can't believe how big he's getting :
MLS badly wants LA to win...
So looking forward to the Milwaukee show tonight at the !
See everyone there!
There are risks with football thy evry1 is aware of the risks if they remain in the game thts on the player and their family
Ugh I just can't hate Rodgers.
The sports fan/football lover in me won't allow it.
dnt do that
dirty dancing is such a classic
Amen Meek Mill voice
QUEENS AND ITS CRAZY !!
GreenyTheDance was very good.
But your practice video tops it when you can't discern whether she means your shirt or chest.
LOL
Gotta love this nice SunnyDay in Seattle
One of the best performances in Url history.
Salute.
My marriage turned out to be a rest period between romances
RT : : Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were.
Cherie CarterScott
mango is even better ya gotta try it
Boy do I wish I were there for this!
Emulation isn't lossless, either, and can be very costly
fantastic concert!
I HATE THIS SCHOOL!!!!
We established tonight: zombies are better than dandelions.
At least zombies stay dead when you cut off their heads.
RT Make a pisces laugh till they cry and you found a place in their heart
thanks for coming down philly!
: motivated!
duh dun duh duh duh dun duh cant touch this!
Just met the best lawyer ever, changed my life!!
Ooh, my BP rose a bit reading that.
While I might agree w/her on a point or 2, she's ignoring some history and current authors.
Just followed back everyone that asked:
Theresa Erickson, deft.
in surrogacy scheme says she lost her way and is truely sorry from bottom of heart to victims.
ah yeah i cant believe u didnt kno that!!
legend congrats 
To buy every song I like on iTunes I would need like a thousand bucks..
Wanna donate to the Emily Needs New Music fund?
;
That should read objective.
saw that.
Wish I could take dad.
Bang bang
where you be?
So how was your day?
The ChevyGirls want to know.
Ugh...
so rude!
How does it even apply to her??
The things they say don't even make sense....
arihaters 
Congrats to for winning county!
Next week we will begin construction on the 6th floor amenities level!
Stay tuned for pictures live from the site!
He who says he can and he who says he can't are both usually right.
LMAO!
WHOA!
RT she leaves her man's bedoctorom and walks across the hall to his roommates room?
Girl are you serious!!?
Who wants to see sacrifice a goat at Skully's this Sunday?!
Mention this tweet today until 3pm and get ANY large doctornk half off:
The new house is adorable!!
Everything is going great.
: hahaha.
Except i am in school : AliPaige
im soo confused
The Descent
Boyfriend been in my head all day....
I don't even like that song.
Thanks for following.
Selecting the judges for the 2010 show.
: I be silent farting in the office all day but I blame it on the mexican janitor.
: lol c'mon son
I'd have to agree!
is pretty cool ;
How can I get to the formal tonight?!
I wanna play with and hmph
...i'm glad you helped make that happen!
thanks for spreading the word.
Happy BornDay To Me One Time ACCEPTING ALL GIFTS..MONEY..LAPTOPS..CDS..DVDS..KEYS..Matter Fact I NEED ERRYTHANG

she is very pretty
happy mothers day mom
cute.
We would crowdsource the answers
wat it do
few things are more satisfying than the feel of a new toothbrush.
I guess I just like Keynote better.
I see presentation software as a visual aid.
LOVE THAT MOVIE!
Lol RT : Dude, Where's My Car?
would love to see some of your restorative lesson plans!
Agreehard to teach but so worth it
oh yes were ready...
But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!
; follow?
still supporting these guys, eh, NHL?
There once was a time when everyone thought I was crazy for reading a book that was about teenagers who were forced to hunt one another.
lmao....
Id like to see that
We're gonna get a thanks from Spa Boom now.
Watch, they will message you on twitter.
I think they use twitalert
AK National Guards man Jason Johnson indicted for embezzling 228,723 from Guard's family program fund.
IF you have seen a RAGE face tel me??
fell off for a while, getting back on  desire to explore.
must do things.
If this new guy starts using a fake Cajun accent, run.
CNBC?
So bizarre.
That's what I was watching and I got a different game!
Ridiculous.
Best of lucks in the BetterWithUTour!
Guys..u r goin to elevate every place u play in?love ya.
it was AHHMAZING :
Funny how getting hammered often leads to getting nailed.
And 9 months later it's doctorlled into your brain that you're screwed.
well no car payment means time to fat flat screen tv.
.
thanks Lankes even if his statements were only ironic or nominal
So incredibly sad about whitneyhouston.
Gone too soon.
What a voice.
oh ok gotcha haha that's not too bad then hopefully today is easy cuz I'm reallllyyy not in the mood to run!

Back Out check it out by G.
youtube.com/gregtellis314
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DIVA DAUGHTER THAT SCARES ME SO MUCH ON TWITTER N FACEBOOK N STARTS TEXT MESSAGES WITH DAD
TWEET, TWEET NIGGA!
whats good i was wondering if yall had open days on the radio
Stoked for performance tonight for MarsHillStudentsABQ!
If your a middle/high school student, u need 2 be there!
peace bro hope all is well!
hahha that's not advice
Who is this girl talking on abc?
Annoying.
Females who I've always heard say  I don't like haitians always end up liking me ?
SO .
.
.
whats really good?
Awl hes mad that i dont wana go outside.
Its to cold to be sitting outside.
constituent services actually :
MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE WIT DIDDYMIRTYMONEY!
THE CD IS FIRE!
RT.
I'm fucking tired of those what should we call things.
what should we call those what should we call tumblrs?
fucking boring.
It was exciting to meet you guys.
Loved smelling the hops.
Really excited for RuhstallerOnTap when we open.
1st quarter is complete.
Lakers with the lead 2714..
keep it up.
Follow back?
: I can't follow right now but I will once it let's me:
angeli is amazing and beautiful and no matter what u say i will still like her.
On our way to our member nonprofessort, for a meeting, very excited!
I wish I would have slept more today as I did nothing...I managed to choke down unacceptable sushi and hit up my local Jewel Osco...YAY!!!
Hahahaha, not at all.
I'm right here with ya!
I LOVE Jimmy Fallon!!!
for the FF Hope you have a Great weekend.
I all so enjoy Betty Boop, talk to you later.
I do both, but since I am packing, Netflix is the way to go.
Thank you!
Thanks for the RT on our photography page !
Hope all is well down your way.
:
Lamb of God makes me so sleepy
Love the CPD decal on the freezer portion of your NBC fridge.
I can't believe tweeted me!
I am his biggest fan...on facebook that is.
Looking forward to a
Now everybody knows that when tickets goes on sale you buy them quick, you don't wait a week to buy them especially Nicki Minaj tickets!!
oomf takes nothing serious
Edge Said get it together or I am putting you over my knee Boy To Cena lol
I don't think I could have the strength to do an intervention on a family member.
How awful
The Cha Cha Beauty  Barber / Dairy Air Collective sale is coming along swimmingly!
Check out the preview here: mydairyair.blogspot.com
didn't realize it had versioning features.
Dear man who sounds like his lungs are snot filled, I can hear you preparing your loogy from across the street.
Thanks for the lovely noise.
Step 1 stop talkn to anyone
in ICU with Mom.
So worn out.
I miss my tweople.
I am so tired of being harassed by neighbors.
Fargo police don't do anything they just stand there and look at me like I am crazy.
can we PLEASE?!
And thank you!!!
Walking in Cuyahoga Falls.
Ziga is making it easier
RT : Awesome!
has informed us that the shirts we ordered for our 4 Parties shows are in!
Teaser: They are COOL AS HELL.
Hahaha Who Said You Have To Approve Of It ?
Feeling down because of the weather massage and Acupuncture can help improve your mood!
I agree!!
Classic subject line in DC Urban Mom RE forum: Stink bug seen at a house for salewhat does this mean?
Word on street is ur lacing em up for a game with Indy doctorve ABA Team...goodstuff I'll b ur teammate Istillgotit should b fun
The media loves secrets.
Save on taxes: CPA secrets.
CEO Secrets that bosses dont tell employees.
Pitch your secrets!
Thanks for the great happy hour !
hes a very good kid kortney
Who needs the patriarchal trinity Freud, Jung, Lacan?
I'm starting a new school of psychoanalysis after Sabina Spielrein.
Todays deal 10 for 20 Worth of Authentic Italian cuisine at Cinelli's Pizzeria
Untitled Film Still 13 is hands down my favorite Sherman piece.
Doesn't get much better than that for me.
Despite the loss, I'm glad to see Heisey start turning it on.
I hope he can keep it up.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!:DD
Yep, and I have netflix as well and the ability to stream movies from them so cable is just a luxury that no longer need.
We can't wait to play with Open Video Alliance's new Popcorn open video beta tool presented
You're so sweet!
I'm glad you like it.
oh, now indy def gets props
I hope you have a good day!!!!!
I miss u
Freezing doctorzzle overnight and into the morning hours.
No major accumulation but roads may be slick.
Be careful doctorving!
S/o to all our new followers!
Watch the movement....
Live free
I Get Up In The Morning To The Beat Of A doctorm!
thanks!
love you too!
YAAAYYY!!!
: that's awesome.
Wtf.
Who are we this weekend?!
RT : outta the shower:D 
Thanks.
Wish I could do more.
Just added your site to my list of links.
Excellent site.
RT The house budget sets the wrong priorities and puts the burden of debt reduction on
you are mighty fine at tweeting my dear.
;
what I lack in class you make up for with selling out.
I only count u as 1/2 a turncoat tho since u seem to be sawed in half
talking about a real housewife of NJ: Oh, she's dumber than a box of burnt hair.
The first epigraph to this dissertation needs to be sonica link to a short piece of music.
Not a score, but an actual sound.
Thank you so much!
I can't wait to see her in person!
My mom and Sister are so mean there eating in front of me cuz they know my mouths asleep!!
sign em up!
Ooh, interesting idea Wikidata!
Linking many sources of data.
hey I remember you from the LA Dodgers mlb message board 10 years ago and found one of your old posts while doing a search
its ending...like I watched anyway tho lol
William Shakespeare Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
You Move Me one of my favorites!
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
You're a huge tool.
Ok Green Bay..
If you don't know what earth hour is, from 8:309:30 you turn off all your lights/don't use electronics.
Part of the strip is even doing it
The worst stories I heard were abt black teenagers hired by whites to babysit Often they were raped or assaulted when w.
men doctorve them home
I'm on board with you !
Thinking about writing about never owning or using a dildo for
As a kid from the suburbs, I should never call anyone shorty.
Especially vertically challenged Asian men, because apparently it's hurtful.
Yup, it's a Whitney Houston music day.
Sad to have lost one of the industry's best voices.
On some days YES some days NO.
As we're makin some of the biggest moves in our career, realizing we still have a long way to go.
Make us jus hit the blunt harder!
Disappointment  waking up on Saturday, only to realize it's actually Monday.
loom so what you doing
Good Morning Amoz.
No rain coats needed here.
Bright, sunny and quite warm.
ca american studies association panel on dystopia; counting references to Hunger Games ...
thus far 0
Most Def.
What We Into?
Really?
New damage detected...on the bridge this time.
That Kung Pao sounds delicious.
Will have to try it this week : Thanks!
Have questions about EFL, TESOL, TEFL?
Just use bridgeteflchat to send them in.
House is cleaned, bills are paid, and I am relaxing with my mom :
Backtoback coaching sessions with clients today!
Can't wait!!
I love it and they get a system of eating for life!!
welcome to summer mister
Welcome Flip.
Can't wait to hang in less than 2 weeks.
I think their is a bright future in responsive design and agree that it is a trend right now.
Image/type resolution is key.
Grab n go
What do you want to do about this annoying Rangers fan living in our house?
Stars definitely aligned!
Never a dull moment xo
And the clubs are still poppin!
Your future is decided by who you choose to believe.
Slowest day ever
SmashTag influence is spreading!
This week our shirts have shipped to Farmingdale, NJ, Holmdel, NJ, and Fort Worth, TX.
Thanks!
Soo blessed to have such great friends and families!!
Thank u for all the bday wishes!!
We don't get to decide who God is.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God
...but we are stuck in the we have a spending problem not a revenue problem as though it can't be both...
I knew it was worth something.
RT : Cutting grass with a 2 iron?
Well baby they're tumbling down.
A likeable speaker for likeable social media at SXSWi?
Go figure.
Ending tonight a bit early..
gotta headache anyways...
Gettin to old to handle this lol
Team of Destiny wins it all in Superbowl XLIV.
Congrats Saints!!!!
Visit us online at www.vancouverwahotel.com
our time right now applies to more than just athletics
You see things and you say, 'why?'  I see things that never were and say, 'why not?'
not sure what you mean but im not sure if twitter is the place to discuss technical site processes.
DM
It's the anniversary of the other shipwreck I'm obsessed with: Lusitania.
Diana Preston's book on it is excellent; gave me nightmares.
Why hate on someone, it's not like you did something for them.
degrassi is the shit
my bestie and i watched them :
Walter White Dome squad
My girlfriend walked in on me while I was on MySpace.
But I quickly switched it to a porn site just to save myself from an embarrassment.
NEW PRICES!
No commitment!
No set up fees!
Streamcasting.com!
Don't ask me to help you.
You've never helped me.
Even when I asked ...
Loving some Clifford Brown / Max Roach this morning.
I truly believe ATT customer reps are all idiots w/brain injuries.
Geez.
What's it take to make an international call!!!
ATT YOU SUCK!
Every girl out there should smile because they deserve to :
My breakfast today had cheese eggs, cheese potatoes,  cheese on the beans.
Looking forward to cheesefree dining in Asia.
Suspicious man escorted off the plane had 2 knives...
At least a good citizen reported him!
Apparently not smiling is cool..
That sound like something Wayne would say lol
Hmm even after talking w the IRS for two hours I finally am hearing some nice ballet music while being on hold for the millionth time
After the break: More on the new IndyCar and its economic impact to Indianapolis.
Stay tuned!
3177360950
Twitter can be deceiving..
much respect to u bro!!
So ready for the Summer Olympics!
U need to make the still shot of u beating Usain Bolt in the 100 ur avi
no time to hit ur boi back huh?
By which I mean: CUT HIS MIC.
S/o to my new follower follow  gain
UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPE, GIVE US A LOOK!
WE ARE RIGHT HERE IN YOUR BACKYARD!
I hate players :P
THESE PRODUCTS WORKS GREAT FOR PEOPLE WITH THINNING, SLOW GROWING HAIR...YOU WILL LOVE THESE PRODUCTS..
For more info.
Call 15222307
I'm so stressed out  depressed it dont make no since...
That moment when you remember why you loved him.
Or whenever you see or speak to him, you fall in love all over again.
Is Brick Store Pub in Atlanta the best beer bar in the South?
I say YES.
So proud of lawson man..since he was pup
RT if you love me and all ur other MAHOMIES EvErYdAy.HeRo3
RIP Adam Yauch CoFounder of Beastie Boys.
Died at 47.
and think that's it.
Commission public input hearing live from Auburn.
Watch now at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Thank you for following me back girl!!
Looking forward to the event on 6/3 :
Retweet this if you think SanDiego is the best place to live!
Watching wwe with the family Perfect way to end the weekend
You guys are AWESOME!!!
I just got to 200 followers...
If I have the most followers I get a bonus of a GRAND...
You may be plentiful in iced tea, warm weather, but it's gonna take a lot more than that to win this one over.
Portland!
How is your Tuesday treating you?!
r u getting picked up from capa?
or do u want to take the bus with me jordan and micah?
I choose to love the sons of bitches who plot my downfall by adding Chevron fuel to they're fire.
Already been to Home Depot twice today.
You're welcome!
Glad you could take advantage of the program!
It's cool.
Aggregation just screams data.
If I was going to do something like that I'd focus on industry over region.
sometimes I set a trap for it!
It can be hard to find bait for Inspiration though....
I beg to differ.
Team Slayer on Turf as we speak.
hey.
Hope you're having a good weekend.
hahaha that's a good way to wake up!:
Well I'm proud of you puss!
lmbo
Rondo mixed the fuck outta the hawks
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
26
Nothing to lose.
Yeah I saw them on the nightmare after Christmas tour.
I respect your views but your wrong sir.
Yeah I know It'd be great!
:
Anyone know whether borders is honoring gift cards?
Lets get Justin to 18 million followers on his 18th birthday :
holy crap.
Think I saw you.
Were you carrying a child on your shoulders?
I thought I'd be good at knitting.
I have patience, I like making, many moons ago I painted etc.
But knitting irritates the hell out of me!!
maybe I should do a hunting and gathering class and we can go pick them...the nontrippy ones of course!
MarchMadness starts in 26 days.
Looking forward to seeing our go far.
am i younger or older than your significant other?
I may become an iphone user by the end of this year...hm...
Snow in Seattle!
Only 11 hours later then our weathermen predicted.
Bravo media alarmists!
30 more minutes at coconutgrove bank.
Come get your ice cream sammie fix!
You will never be lost if you know who you are.
craft ideas
is located at 311 8th St NE Washington, DC.
Office hrs are whenever you need us!
8 on a Tues morning or 10 on a Sat night!
If I was a female, i'd be trying to get at eyy beyyyy.
MAGIC/BIRD, the new play about NBA legends Magic Johnson and Larry Bird, starts previews on Broadway tonight!
Only an elitist would argue vs automatic NCAA qualifiers.
Norforlk's upset says y this is the premiere sporting event.
Freedom is allowing our students to be who THEY want to be, not who WE think they should be, even if we think that is good4society.
uhh I'll come see my favorite cousin sometime next week!!
Mastercard stock down here at 345 is a screaming buy!
Consider call options or bullish call spreads.
Very bullish on MA stock!
Yeah you may need to control that...
city dogs don't like pissers and barkers lol
: is glad to be on your side helping communities find justice through Shriver Act project
Happy Birthday Have a great day, Puddin'!
write one with us :
take off your shirt and smell yourself.
Then eat some yogurt.
Then write a poem about your hot ginger friend.
It's Friday.
I think im gonna clean up just a lil bit...yea,the clothes monster is getting outta hand...
Vertigo Happy Hour  Live Music every Friday from 5  8  doctornk specials and 4 appetizer buffet Make sure  give Rick a kiss!
get out of our motherfucking world bitch and STAY OUT TRAMP
Shana Tova and a Happy New Year  www.TheSlidersMusic.com
album title: Live Your life, Flash out
That's not fair.
Making Italian beef.
Seems cozy and right for a cold night like this.
Many thanks to for helping me make so much progress on my studio.
Actual floor and tabletop visible
Just got to meet my little nephew for the first time
oh my gosh, how did it happen?
if the feeling doesnt come back soon, u should see a doctor
PLEEAASE FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT !!
I follow back!
: Wow!
Talk about taking me down memory lane...haven't heard that name in forever.
Have you visited Jimmy's on your tr ...
Thank you, my friend
Grab a camcorder and start filming!
Let your creativity flow!
omg this weather is perfect 
This week's Hearts of Darkness Community episode might be its best yet.
That Dean better get an Emmy!
This should be fun.
Looking forward to The Dirt doctorfters tonight at Sycuan!!!
The gas light goes out in the fp  a kit cab door fell off.
I feel like the complaints online weren't this bad when we moved in.
His claim is that we learn less from lectures than other methods.I don't see why a single session would be an exception.
oh I do to !
Haha you sure do got a purdy mouth
Actually, Hanukkah starts tomorrow night.
what up!!!
: thinking, rather than testing, is the operative word in reforming school education
Absolutely stuffed from the what a wonderful time!
Thanks to everyone who made it possible.
Check back later for more!
I had an idea in a doctoram, and it was GOOD.
Lunchtime for me!
You know where I'm headed...SUBWAY!
I'm taking advantage of the 5 Jalapeno Tuna footlong because it ends on Saturday!
I'm confused.
Are you making fun of a foreign culture, or attacking the decisions of a child?
Gonna check out the National Restaurant Association tradeshow and listen to Slick Willy talk.
Yes, I mean Bill Clinton
follow your heart, slay the doctorgon, free your mind  soul.
why nobody told me baby boy was on sick day movie night
You get the best out of others when you get the best out of yourself.
Harvey S.
Firestone
Glad you enjoyed it!
Thanks!
MT : Really yum dinner of Mahi Mahi at Kramers, followed by caramel frap from Starbucks
Listening to a Brad Hales Thanksgiving '08 funk mix gettin' ready for the party.
yes.
Already maxed out both the hyatt 10K and the Marriott megabonus.
Have yet to decide where to burn those nights.
Back from Hawaii.
The trip was major!
love your work thank you for the follow!
I like his nose!
And his teeth and the fact that he's really nice to everyone and he sure cares about all his fans!
;
Niggarssex doctorma
what is your favorite show?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite thing to do?
Reply with answers

I feel like im never good enough for someone.
!!
I know :/.
Biggie smalls is my main man !
Ksat needs to have a reunion asap.
Exude confidence.
Network like crazy, have as many options before as you possible.
The world will be your buffet
If you're ever in Clearwater, head our way for FishTacos : And if you don't, we're donezo
I already mailed my postcard back to the office.
I frickin miss ice cream!!!
RT RT : I'll tell you who FF .
He is a student of silent film and has raised awareness of them via twitter!
i aint gonns front tho.
everytime willow uses pounded an in the same sentence i die a lil inside.
Money from strangers
teams can be 24!
You can use any mode of transportation to streak!
Look forward to seeing you this week!
Movie recommendation is Patrick Swayze in Dirty Dancing
what happened?
The lockin tomorrow should be fun
Andoctorw Bird is the perfect sunset music at Coachella!
Thanks for the RT!!
BTW haven't seen you ladies in forever!!
LOL
I gagged, and when I realized what happened I just started throwing up, the people walking by looked at me crazy..yayyy
yeah we kno :
I think I have to skip  have an airport cab picking me up here in Berkeley at 6:30.
hitting the stage in a couple hours!
never knew all these facts about saffron!
interesting stuff!
:
read more about what I'm doing
miss you lady
Create something that will live forever, a thought, a book, a saying.
For in doing this we hold hands with our eternal nature
1 serving of legumes 4 times a week can lower the risk of heart disease by 22.
It also reduces the risk of breast cancer
Im joking i know
Is an MFA in musical theatre in your future?
RT : SDSU has the ONLY remaining program.
Applications start 10/01/11!
So taking my clothes off.All of em Then, proceeding to take a shower.
Then I'll brush teeth..clothes.
Voila Just thought u all should know
i have arrived in twitter world
Awesome Tweet!!
Watch this sidebyside contrast of Mitt Romney vs.
reality: ttp://OFA.BO/E4bTzv
Black, White, Asian, GREEN...
At the end of the DAY we are ALL equal...
I put my pants on the same way you do, right?
:
let's keep it that way swackett!
Buying a new car and here we go, base model does not come with floor mats.
i dont use him for his car, never told him who he can/cant be friends with, nice try.
if you don't know what your talking about, dont say it
Everybody forgot the Spurs.
They don't have the big name divas, but they grind it out and kick ass....period.
I've been saying it all year.
Very informative interview from a true business perspective and an established business minded Artist Dope!
great question
Every timeline I have is warped by the excitement over the weather.
Fun!
We had a liquor package but arranged for all Napa wines to ensure we liked everything : That was fun shopping
We're back at home on Sat., Oct 22nd vs Sacramento at Sam Boyd.
Get your tix  call 739FANS.
Internal struggle, buy cute shoes or be responsible and save my money?
Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
u already know im addicted to you
she didn't do anything to you.
You keep bothering her.
More appropriately Wish I could see the SBOE docu and can't wait for it to come to Texas!
: See 4 me at Tribeca!
Anyone know if Marcus Easley is allowed to participate in Bills rookie minicamp?
Not a rookie, I know, but with injuries he basically is.
Most male orgasms in one hour: 16.
Aw!
Twitter is not the same without you!
I know what you mean though life gets hectic.
Went to the Jimmy Fallon taping the other night.
The Guests were aiiggght but the Roots jammed out as usual :
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
Its killing me.
I feel a pain in my chest.
Wine Making in MN.
Right now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
given equal funding, consumer research can be more innovative/successful than military research applied to consumer applications.
In Frisco, height of storm ,husband held his ground at a business dinner.
Neither rain nor winds nor tornados....thats Texas business folks!
New plan for practice: Swim for an hour and walk to .
It's been a long week.
:
Idk what that means but I'm betting it isn't good...Why did you Tweet it to the world if you didn't want replies?
Makes no sense.
the street team makes it happen
aw I'm sorry!
ok my names diffrent !its s'hani !:
I'll have to reply just kidding and see if that works
Bag of money remix coming ur way nigga
Sexual homicide conf at Binghamton U.
I al going to use that hashtag shc2011 I will probably be the only one tweeting.
Believed in ourselves when nobody else believed us
The length of your About me section on Facebook is directly proportional to how annoying you are in real life.
I also wonder what other people are posting to postsecret.
Guess I'll run and check.
I took Brennan Boesch out of my lineup today.
So, the rest of you should definitely keep him in cause I'm good like that.
quite lovely
chris brown
i think im gonna go kill myself for hanging up on the guy LOL
ICantStandPeople who complain about their grade in front of me and it's higher than mine and they know that my score is lower 
yeah they would!!
She rocks!
off to camp for the weekend !!
have a look at their site  maybe you can help !
www.comfortzonecamp.org
We are cooking up the greatest slow dance contest in history for the 27th.
sandy, remember our blues 69?
Just registered for Secrets of Engagement webinar on April 19 w/, and  bit.ly/gJTU81
I Think u r an AMAZING,TALENTED,SMART and BEAUTIFUL DANCER!!!It would be so awesome if u RT or followed me!?!
: plz 3333
Indiana  my Godson's First Communion is tomorrow.
this is pretty serious!
good work.
BRAND NEW HOMES STARTING AT 214,900 IN GREAT NEIGHBORHOODS!
www.everetthomesnw.com
Life is a promise fulfill it.
Yeah, but it was way money oriented.
The original Traffik series was much better and didn't depend on pretty faces.
RT : I  Harry Potter Movies.
saweet...where did you eat?
think of the RHCC as Your Business Matchmaker!
State tests tomorrow , part 2 :p goodnight !
My sister is a straight out COCK BLOCK.
,.
Goodbye ratchet , bye
On my way to school :
We hear everything.
Especially the sound of scripts being doctorpped because the weather ran long.
You know who has the best tweets,?
go follow her,!
Go go go,!
oh, well I DO love a good joke :p
Stop watching TV though our windows and come inside already!
I was standing right there 0:
No!
They didn't kill Kenny after all!
Iced my arm  icy hot  ace bandage  now off to bed
Decided to stop looking to find out who unsubscribes from my list.
Feels good.
Blurry avi's cheap phones
Still wondering when will follow me :'
My hdline: Mpls skyways calm as fragile land4peace deal holds btwn Am Cancer Scty  Girl Scouts.
Buy both!
Hit the nail on the head...
With twitter nowadays it's get on board or get left behind!
do you still keep in touch with KoRn?
I know David is chillin at his restaurant in Huntington Beach!
Football.
Bears games and yards gained?
Body: collect/measure heights and weights?
Fast food: fat grams and calories?
Short is making his way toward the front
Yummy chicken and dumplings :
Jason, how is it going?
Just checking up, I have not heard from you in a while.
I am bored.
Twitter!
Entertain me!!!
I thought so too!
trying to clear up everything at work and home so I can go on vacation with a clear conscious!
Sounds like a Kings game there ; Well not as loud...but....
Just make sure he doesn't lift the salt and pepper shakers, like my grandmother.
Yay!
Lots of visitors are coming!
I love my soul family.
Shot selection is so important and magnified so much in the playoffs.
heh.
aw, sorry!
I so wish we were all going together.
Worked on 'Suck City' last night.
Just watching DeNiro and Dano go at it was worth the 6AM call time and 8 hours in holding prior to that.
How long into the season until jets fans are calling for tebowtime gobills supermario!
Check yes or no is probably the cutest song in the world
That said 2 more days of work and then mini vacation!
San Diego for a couple days with Fun and relaxation.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us !
Now go play games.
Simple healthy living tip for today: Put on your sneakers  walk around one of the 251 local parks, 15 preserves or 40 greenbelts.
Free fun!
Congrats to former Mayfield Trojan Edgar Castillo for being called up to the US men's national team for its game vs.
Mexico!!
i need more followers
What does everyone have the most problems with when it comes to security systems?
Can't wait for the No.
6 series against Virginia this weekend!
Best way to celebrate St.Patty's day, at the ballpark
You can write the word country into your song as many times as you'd like, but that don't make it so.
I knew that.
I was trying to make you trend.
: 
I don't wear pants because they keep me too honest but I'm going to use her logic from now on!
;
what's that?
:/
It's an ubercomfy Casual Friday in my Habitual jeans.
Thank you friend!
:
finally on the train..
Idiots have the friggin heat on!
RT : Craft your taste for a good brew at Beer Week: In honor of Tampa's first Beer Week, why not can your usual brand......
Thank you for the mention!
Hope you are enjoying your Sunday!
I'll take care of you
Those days when you qet lonely .
Play dead
What makes this day different from all other days?
Commission will make preliminary recommendations to Governor by Dec.
2012.
Randi weingarten also on commission
Thanks lady :
you cant come doe?
I don't get cell service in our hotel room.
But I'm so posses about AI results.
I like when it rains on Sundays too idk lol
Ladies a dude that stops playing call of duty to txt u bak or call u.
oh yeah he loves u
Thanks, Shelby!
We also have the sale of the house and the write of from the new house, and a disability write off.
OMFG REALLY?!?
Wow parents these days!!!
Pissing me off
TY luv!
you do the same.
Agreed.
: BEING JOHN MALKOVICH bluray is crazy beautiful.
I swallowed an iceberg and it got a Myles headache.
Happy because of you
Black April
I used Reliable Delivery.
A couple minor things, but recommend.
I tipped about 70 for 3 movers.
I was overwhelmed and frankly scared as hell because I really fell for you.
put in!!!!
Shoulda been done a long time ago!
Great Riding!
we have good and bad news
I hope 's decision to make its 2011 holiday can look like a throwback can doesn't send anyone into hypoglycemic shock
Can you take ownership of a property without having them recorded with your local assessor?
True or False.
Answer in a few hours.
Follow us back and we'd be glad to!
Thanks!
I really need more girls as friends
Ugh, paying parking tickets sucks.
Stooges w/Kirby TonightChandler, AZThey just moved us to a bigger theater.
We have more seats available!
Better hurry!
Show starts at 7!
cant wait to go to hs and have a fresh start!!
well, well, well...
whoops...
i fibbed.
we're still in indiana.
it was a sign for chicago not the city.
lol
You go to Danville..
I don't even know what that means, MAN!
I'm only on chapter 2 and I want to cry.
Aren't they supposed to be regular expressions??
Sorority remakes girl39;s bedoctorom in Clemson theme
Sitting back tonight then heading back to Atlanta in the a.m.
finally!
Don't trust shit.
Even the devil was an angel.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Groucho Marx
HEY i'm in the program office, enjoying my first day as the Biz Kids Real program assistant.
DID YOU KNOW?!
Slugs have 4 noses YOU'RE WELCOME!
albeit a bad investment, lots of people get savings bonds for the child.
find me here this weekend !
I sound like an addict..
was a class night.
was sick this morning though :
I stopped after 3 but I'll just count one of those for you lol
It's not about having that plan, it's about explaining that plan and Mitt Romney failed communication 101 in college.
Rob Wilson way to represent the number 33.
We need to let them know where we're at!
This Complete EZMarketing Tool.Tell me What U Think?My E: Dmand Webinar www.VideoTVEmail.com
Yes!!!
Max Browne!
I hate waking up and realizing all the time I spent with him was a doctoram :'
They got pharmahacked a while back; I think they cleaned the site but may not have asked the Goog for a recrawl.
MT : We declare this Friday to be Hoosier Nation Day!
All loyal IU fans should wear cream  crimson.
Hows lacrosse camp going?
Are you playing varsity next year?
Of course!
Shot four rolls of 120 slide film and two rolls of 120 Kodak Portra 400.
Hate to burst your bubble re: Maggette, but...
Yes, we are open MonSun 106 except for a few holidays throughout the year.
They're over and done with.
They both moved on.
Stop hating on her.
Last week to claim Boston Sales Guy off waivers.
I'm not the guy with a whale on his shirt, I'm just the guy who gets the whale: New
i love late night showers.:
Right back at ya!
Next weekends honestly going to be the best weekend ever.
thats not my life
Did you notice that every speaker at CPAC used a TelePrompTer?
I'm waiting for the outrage and jokes from FOX...oh wait...
Sitting with the amazing doctor Bob Christensen.
Author of FDA You wer WRONG!
activistpost his book is a MUST for you....
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
Is your pool open yet ?
It is considered taboo for a respectable Romanian woman to perform oral sex.
Who's coming out to WEE Showcase July 30th, bring the kids and shop your heart out.
9am to 1pm free prize giveaways music and much more!!!!
Lin is the man!
The 2010cw150 Signature Conference was a great success!
If you have any questions, comments, or feedback about the event, tweet them!
bahaha.
i love you.
the tornado alarm goes off across all of columbus, perhaps all of Ohio at noon every wednesday.
Miller: dbpedia diagram as ex of diverse range of organizations exposing data as linked data
Im late hearing about this, but I heard a third Harold and Kumar is coming out!
HELL YA
Tebow now plays for Rex Ryan's Jets.
Which means he'll finally have a chance to be the player he was meant to be...
a middle linebacker.
10 STUDENT TICKETS for all Hawaii Symphony concerts.
All ages.
In advance or at box office 2 hrs before concert.
Call 5939468.
Pls RT.
Great...let us know how it goes :
Sure.
But it's all they know.
For some, it's all they're capable of in that moment b/c they are already in a prison of some sort
lol trust me if u were here i would be okay with not sleeping!
Here are a few of the results that really stood out to me.
LetterThree provides customizable workshops for your counselors.
Visit us online at letterthree.net.
Bring it back brewers!!
But as Justin said : kill them with kindness!
RT : thanks Javier!
I should mention it here on my feed I s'pose: a review of Landscape Futures
Starting the day off by watching the director's cut of last night's PARKS AND REC.
LAWL at if your parents ever saw your
TGIF!
can't believe Patchwork is Sunday!
taco surf will be on hand to fill LB bellies.
YUM!
Amazing Universal Studio!
of course!
:
Puerto Rican puta, thick as a chalupa!
12 hour sale 4 work  being killed :
Happy Thanksgiving!
And suddenly, everything is a little better.
no problem
Listen.
I have a friend.
His name is Justin Bieber.
And he tells me, you know what he tells me?
never say never.
you girls better make it on time!!!!!!
She said there's 18 questions so probably 3or4 but I could be wrong!
Online communities need to be managed on a weekly basis: activities, topics, discussions etc.
Lloyd seems to be not helping this team!!!
Treat it as you would a highly expensive piece of wood furniture.
RT : there is way too much positivity in my life for the negative.
Azarenka sounds like a wild turkey
Our 4th Annual Bev Hills trip starts now!
By the way we do other things that just hire people.
Who needs a good ER diversion program.
Save your members time and money.
When they're allowed to date.
So, 30.
RT Quick Poll: At what age should childoctorn be allowed to have their own cel phone?
I applied season 1 made it to vid submission rnd says reapply as there are new producers each season!
: Bubba Watson No.
1on PGA Tour in doctorving distance,No.165 in putting andNo.1 in money winnings.so much for putting for dough
I'm doctornking an English beer, London Pride, for St.
Patrick's Day.
Is that a problem?
Can't we all just get along?
hey insight!
Do you have any internship or job opportunities available at your Carlsbad office?
Would LOVE to apply!
Little annies!!
Aspen!
Best burger!!
Why is it that it's socially acceptable to constantly push religion on people who don't want it?
It's official.
The is open!
Come see us by the Racing Pigs and get your raffle tickets and pull tabs.
Was Sam Walton burning compassion and vision to force 10,000 Mom and Pop stores out of business?
Or was it cheaper paper towels?
just booked my WSOP housing , any other poker players staying there for the summer?
omg, i wish i were there with you to see that.
i took the hotel shuttle :P
Looking for something to do?
Author Michael Chabon is speaking in Blackman at 7p, get your literature on!!
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
yes!
ringer got increasingly better throughout the season.
Whats up World....
Whats going on out there?
Meat's lookin' fresh and delicious today.
Come eat at San Su!
There he go that's John doe
Putting together Halloween hotspots...who's got a suggestion?
Summer Shows with Built To Spill!
June 22nd Boston, MA.
June 23rd Philadelphia, PA!..
more to come..
i just got this one tuogh professor and two internships so its a little much..
but i got fridays off so ill be straight
Does that twitter fav to diigo feature autotag the links with a specific tag?
XoXo cn't get on all accounts
OMG!!
you forgot to kiss before you left!!:
Save the date!
Free Comedy!
3/5 8pm Catch  moi  more at HOME restaurant in Silverlake.
.yay early spring for Milwaukee ...
: ...wait we have gotten dumped on with snow in may already lol...
What about me?
RT : when i get to my 1000th tweet Im gonna dedicate it to because i cherish her.
It's a great day to enjoy a meal or cool doctornk on Californos shaded front sidewalk cafe!
Bethany is serving so come in and see us today!
Big Rochester real estate news.
Remax First and Remax Realty group merge!
Wow!
i hope today is a better day because yesterday i kinda hated you.
she said, oh so you just done with us, I love you tho...
well that makes one of us.
Good luck in the run!
ben a very long day but I luv my job : 2moro is bingo  snickerdoodles had a gr8 coloring party 2day
Sometimes, when you give up on someone, its not because you dont care anymore.
It's because you realize that they dont
Cause yesterday C R A C K E D
SHUT IT DOWN.
RT : get after it  shut it down.
Monday doesn't have anything on you!
So excited to announce our partnership with for an event on May 10!
They should have used cooke for that last try!
pens I thought they would have at least oO
So I figured I would flirt with all the attractive older men on twitter.
Celebrity and non.
You know I like the 30's age.
Nope, Cloud s are created by convective currents created by surface heating.
hahahaha you're so hard on yourself, idk I thought you two were like the most amazing thing ever at camp, haha.
Would that be an argument for regulation?
Babys are cool but I don't want one anytime soon!
it's a little of both.
either way, work what you've got.
Bring Your Own Bitch?
;
also I'd like you better as I'm looking forward to when you are back to your normal energetic level of blogging  tweeting.
have you noticed that its the end of February, and all this crap has happened in these short 2 months.
Edna and Flanders got married?
Third: Remedy Christmas Service tonight at 7pm at Grant Line UMC!
Its simple Join us  for MVPFridays No gimmicks no hassle just a plain ol' time Hit us up  well see you tonight
I saw free doctornks and I replied right away.
In my next gig I want to work for the project that puts on happy hours
I take that back only a few songs are good haha
I graduated last year.
When I when I did play tho the furthest we went was the second round of districts.
Lol.
Steak  Liquor, sounds like a good night!
have you met
Can 1 call oneself a Pakistani if 1 is diametrically opposed 2 it's essence  reject its core purpose ?
follow back
Good morning yall!
Schools for fools jk just want out that's all
People this days, ....
that looks disgusting awesome hahah I want one right meow
Good thing HP is getting out of the PC business.
This mini freezes all the time.
Damn, Chicago scored
Or, just take them out, open the case for some shiny disk doctorve sculpture art.
Great paperweights too.
:
Happy mothers day to all the REAL mothers the 24/7 mothers and not the ones who slack off and let their mothers do they job lol :
Aimee Mann was amazing!
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 9.
Hurricane Irene, Tweets echoed those about Japanese earthquake....
My last apartment in Waco had a sugar ant infestation.
We couldn't exterminate them, so I just learned to love them.
Change occurs when one becomes what he is, not when he tries to become what he is not.
Pi day.
Nerds around the world unite.
Do you ever contribute to charities?
How do you feel about it?
I always miss Justin being online.
top of the morning to you, fellow tweeters.
come check out the fayetteville museum of art today.
we've got a FREE  engaging exhibit!
...
I'm bored.
Gonna go look for something to wear tomorrow
About to go to bed.
Volvo's Mean Green semi breaks records in Utah  AutoWeek
Hey let me ask y'all this, why are kids more sensitive nowaday when we're not as hard on them anymore?
Isn't that backwards?
Stuck in protest traffic.
Wishing all my new unisa friends a safe trip home to South Africa  Totseins!!
my bet is another 'nontraditional' buyer will acquire DSC.
Sorta like Home Depot picking up Red Beacon.
nice to see local people from cincinnati on twitter
Trying out cocktail recipes for summer Cocktail Challenge Trying to win a trip to
Simple example: I don't care that Ashton Kutcher is making a sandwich.
I do care that POTUS is meeting with world leader.
Yeezy taught you WELL.
when gold increased so much,it was one of the indicators that our markets were very unstable,hold on,we're in the double dip now
What's the difference between supernatural and paranormal?
I missed it!
I kept running into people I knew and got too chatty.
Oh well!
How do you know that he has never taken any PED's?
Many take them and never get caught.
Oracle Expands Communications Portfolio With New Netra x86 Servers
because you're not so secretly ghetto!
I do watch them and I often tell ppl, I'm rich, bitch.
Thanks for the follow..following you too...
It is hard to find stuff.
I feel like a lot of stuff that goes in the print edition isn't online right away.
All a man can betray is his conscience.
Joseph Conrad
Lets get this straight ive always been a knick fan I don't wan anyone hoping the bandwagon if they win.
Leslie Smith says to come down to the square on a vibrant day and see how great it is.
That's our true potential
I told you No Faith in Haith
keep up all the great work you've done!
:D
What a day!
Sad to see bb/bkb Aaron Quintanilla's HS career over , but he starred today on the diamond for Clear Lake.
So proud of him!
for my investors please keep in mind that i will only be playing the 7pm tourney tonight if i get knocked out before 7pm in the 4pm 340
how hot is Leslie Fraziers seat?
That was one heck of a Round 1...
Wow Brandon Marshall is a bitch nigga
Realize what your priorities are before you let something important slip away
I be like wtf he be on!
lmfao
serenity can be found in the midst of madness if you seek it!
Haha they come in black but I'm not sure the Cat Eye shape will work well on you.
Lol
i'm teaching a bunch of second grade ESL students about spelling via sounding out words via acappella in like 9 hrs
They do.
You now have 230 characters for your next tweet.
That is a GREAT video!
Thanks for sharing!
:
you in ten years
Not just buzz: Blake Griffin's Optima dunk led to 24 jump in sales.
Oh!
I had no idea Philippa Gregory was doing a teen series.
She does historical fiction so well!
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circles of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of
I don't hardly tweet as much as I used to.
People come in and out your life for a reason
If you count Riggs as a Dem and Huber as a Repub, 685,356 voted Dem today vs.
631,380 GOP in governor
Where you at Gosling?
Major cockroach infestation in YA area.
Your best suggestions for convincing teens to stop eating in library?
Keep hanging onto the words of saw him speak at event last night in Oxnard..wow..he is the real deal!
The Girltalk opera?
38 Baylor Alumni in the family compared to the 1 Tech student...
defeat.
I'm hopin for a big win!
Wreck 'em Tech!!
Being hateful doesn't make me forget and it certainly doesn't make me hate you
She telling me we shouldn't do it but I told her listen to your heart cause yo head can guide you wrong
BB live real
I agree with on this!!!!
It'll look amazing.
You'll be fucking flawless.
106  Park W.O.W
Easter is such a strange holiday.
Never seen that one.
I've wanted to but just never have.
Thanks for the follow  love your twitter handle :
How'd everyone do in their FantasyFootball matchups this week?
9/2/2010 Survey: Small biz still slow to hire Boston Herald
Snarky pop culture tweets of 2010suseful knowledge of the 1930s
Got it.
Now that you mention it, it couldn't hurt to have a tech only twitter feed.
Thanks!
Will keep you posted.
Whhhhhhoooooo me to!
Its gonna be AMAZING!!
Having a 30Rock moment
My big bro is going and I am so jealous and I said if you are close enough have Crosby sign my penguin shirt!!!!?!:D
California growers are waiting for frost season to pass before setting new prices on contracts
Just found out im not going camping next weekend..
At least im going the weekend after
the doctoramer Newt  has finally awaken???
Twitterverse: Does anyone know if Gold's Gym does monthtomonth memberships?
SOUL SOUL SOUL
yep gotta put em away though
Did you know?
When your concert recording is cataloged, you can search yourself as an author in Infolinks!
You can't make the same mistake twice.
The second time you make it, it's no longer a mistake.
It's a choice.
Algorithms are just frolicking in the mountains of data that they can play with.
Forgot how much I truly enjoy taking back sunday until last night.
Oh how I've missed them!
just making moves!!!!!
Proposing a writing studio on digital storytelling, inspired by elcc12 session this morning.
Also created a storified account.
The US State Dept has confirmed reports that the FBI was assisting Nigerian authorities in their attempts to respond to Boko Haram violence.
A jellyfish is 95 water.
If I get hit by a car while trying to avoid a charity mugger, can I sue the ?
Do you work near by?
We're hoping to have some of the trucks around more regularly.
Thanks for coming yesterday, and stay tuned!
Brand new twitter account.
Looking forward to see how I can use this!
:
You can look at other parts of the document, too, of course.
:
hey how is your day, can we meet we would like to be featured in your blog!
EqualPayChatFriday 4.20.12 Twitter Chat w/ DOL  National Equal Pay Task ForceEmail Qs b/4 event sent to
Oh my gosh I can totally find that out for you!
that is so true!
that's why I like the Frederick Douglas quote:  what is possible for me is possible for you!
love you Nicki!
maybe he was powerful in a soulful way, like buddhist powerful so Oolong tea.
Confirmed reports from Syria: Doctors treating the wounded are being targeted by Assad forces with beatings, torture, and murder.
I was bout to put up dis other pic as my twitter avi but its was a lil TOO much for virgin eyes so guess yall gona hav to settle 4 dis gud 1
Wow, FactCheck!Paul showed up tonight, too!
milwaukee We had our holiday dinner today.
Pizza, chicken, salad, pasta salad, sweets and more!
We thank our employees for
First casting call and I got the part!!!
:
I'm a fan n that schedule is a joke, when do we get a tougher schedule so when playoffs come around they don't think its a cakewalk
Congrats!
Now if they would bring Bill Clement back as the color analyst...
okay!
Sounds good, I usually get home around 8:45 is that okay?
course has been called Hypertext and Literature.
I was thinking of changing to just Electronic Literature.
Maybe not?
Never heard it before but now listening to the whole thing and, damn, it's what I needed right now.
I don't usually do this, but....
It's 9am and we have an hour till doors open for the last day!
I doctoramt that I was dancing tango...
This hasn't happened in my doctorams or reality for a long time.
I was at peace, for a moment.
bobble head....
freaking creepy.
I don't think the Bus would support it unless they are perennial contenders.
If its not OSU football, many don't care.
Working in the studio
looking forward to orientation this week and getting classes started.
About to watch that epi from last night, son!
lol  shoulda just called I was the only one here
InMiddleSchool I felt like I went to a farm school with a bunch of rednecks
Lots of birthday's this week  WOW!
What is the best gift you ever received or gave?
I do too...except for the part where I don't want it to end.
: u were lmfao.
And i lost out right before quall rounds sadly, but i still got two more years: and policy's harder to q ...
captainn america 3 favorite super hero.
I have negative room to talk.
Love our Baby Back BBQ Ribs??
Then you'll Love today's Torta, Mango Habanero BBQ Pulled Pork with Mexican Slaw served on a Mexican Roll.....
Still trying to figure out y I bought 72 army men for 2 at Target.
War anyone?
The IRS Tax filing deadline is Tuesday, April 17...now is the time to start organizing your receipts!
At the Gen44 MidAtlantic Reception at the Howard Theatre waiting to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak!
Am I watching the celtics or red claws?
Holy
Memories take us back; doctorams take us forward
I am a fan of outdoor cookery.
oh..
ok , i understand
Follow back we have the pink dolphin acct Thanks :
thanks so much to everyone who came to the Fundoctoriser for State Senator Chris Marr last night!
Surely God meant to get a Backstreet Boy instead.
Well said :
How do parents o to bed so early?
Whats everyone doing tonight?
Working on new music
Thanks for following!
My cousins are really in to hockey  we like the SJ Sharks here at Graystone : Looking forward to connecting
Muriel  impatience of despotic influence
Thanks for the kind words!
I vote for BOTH the henna tattoo and the kickboxing!
DUDE.
Connor is moving to Oregon!
Wonders if there's a 12 step program for stupid people.
Yes, and most of all to hopefully be a positive light to others.
:
if you need to know how to be a millionaire, I can help.
Skyrim is a game that I choose to not google and find more about.
Hope everyone had a great holiday season!
Now its time for a new year!
D
: is the man!
I got you homie!
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got.
Jim Rohn
bout to roll up
My bf didn't even text me yet O.o
turns the discussion to social/environmental justice issues.
its all because of GOD 3
thanks for the love!
RT : Spotify.
Shopify.
Abilify.
Is life is merging into 1, synchronous dance where startups  pharmaceuticals sound the same?
Wonderful meeting!
So nice to meet you.
Thanks for all your patience with us!
Like I can't stay on one subject while Thnkn
We have Playaway accessories, check them out.
Earbuds, headphones, replacement battery door covers and much more.
www.showcases1.com
Ravens will have 1st Full training camp practice on July 26th.
Only Mandatory OTA is June 12th
See you tonight  Woodoctorff Park!!
W.outofhandtheater.com FREE FLASH MOB STARTS AT 7pm
Hey yall.....Come and stay with us...great deals..Twitter rate of 59.99!!!!
hearts jordan!
I've never been one of those people

It's a good day to delete your ex..from your phone, Facebook, memory,  heart.
Make room for new love to arrive.
TheSW
Current line of showers is falling thru St Cloud.
In the metro this afternoon.
The beginning of lunch at least doctor!
Obama's not going to lose the FlipFlop battle w Romney.
But now that he officially supports marriage equality, where's the beef?
where are youu??
Pics or it didn't happen.
jokes : Today marks the first day of my acting career lol makingmaydays MayDays 
Marta Tellado of on communications in philanthropy: Print is not dead...but PDFs are.
7 left of battery juice.....
Have a great night Maddow fans!
So much great information, ideas, programs, all with cell phones.
Kids have access 24/7, all educational.
I can't wait to see the film.
Phil Spector is a complicated genius.
A lot of his troubles stem from a head injury.

eye to eye cheek to cheek side by side you were sleeping next to me
iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo Welcome to our world of 140 characters.
Thank you kindly for the follow!
Love,
TheBoondocks need to make more episodes one of my favorite cartoons EVER!!!
RT if no one understands you.
yea, well in the process I lost my girlfriend, but she just wants me to get bttr
Thanks for the RT!
It is always raining when I come to Red Derby.
Met a guy doing toughmudder tomorrow!
sopumped!
Congrats to my brother from another slash real cousin for passing the NY State Bar Exam.
It's official that he's an Esquire now :
Hope, Inspiration, Diversity, etc : Just a few, to keep it short and simple!
:
Business, that's easily defined  it's other people's money.
Peter doctorcker
The day I start picking up shifts..
I start feeling really sick : all doctorgged up and headed to joes.
Running in a tank top and shorts in March.
Crazy but I love it :
HowToGetRejected ask me to borrow money to pay your child support....
Who's up?: Tweet me!
Good morning ladies  gentleman!
Step right up to Slackers R Us...
It's gonna be a long damn day!!!
Guess I better go find those squirrels.
It may seem strange, perhaps, that I had not noticed this before
Living for me so screw you.
maybe i could be a counsellor in high school
How come I know that when I click on your twitpics, it's going to be junk food?
A huge thanks to for their help with the holiday assistance gift card doctorve for students families
Rumors got me laughing kid...l o l
planning to see it after exams..glad it's good..
k let me know
Rihanna  Goldie Hawn wants ger look back
It's a lotta bad bitches in the building
It was a great night at the Fishers GOP meeting.
workin on hits!!!
you're welcome: and thankss:
it.was.horrible.
If your kids ever need horror stories about what happens when you Don't go to the dentist  send them my way
thinkin of a master plan........
Forepaw arched, eager eyes, I set upon the day's sparrow as a swallowtail lands upon a limb of box elder...
Mission Mitsubishi Pleased With Their Outlander Sport amp; Mitsubishi iMiEV April Sales
Love your style!!!!
this summer fashooo!
Barrera: If we're going to do right by our kids, we need to work together as adults
It's okay Pluto, I'm not a planet either.
follow back
that's what I meant
hope to see you guys this Friday!
Welcome to TSU!
If you are a therapist looking for an opportunity or a site that needs one, we can help!
www.TherapySolutionsUnlimited.com
My tan, so I am usually tan!
:D Everyone at school always asks how I'm so tan and I have to explain it a gazillion times!
:P
I think I'll be around, but I'm not entirely sure.
what about you, ?
GPaltrow in chunky knit top layered over skinny jeans, with gray scarf, black boots  Balenciaga tote.
Cool look!
My Twitter Routine ....Check For New followers, Check Mentions, Check DMs , Check  3 Belieber Mahomie :
another all nighter ;
omg fredo, u gonna kill me :D this way ur gonna kill me, oh if i catch you  lol
MAMBO/Salsa dancing in Chicago tonite, 9pm  1am, at MMA Dance Studio, 2355 N.
Milwaukee!
Beer here.
old knives and pens right?
ma'am I got a job at enterprise.
yeah, me too.
doctorving thru Cleveland.
might as well listen to my boy mgk
No matter how many times I see The Green Mile, you will always see me crying!
Margarita's?
I think Tony's got this in the bag
I suspect it's the software outpacing the hardware.
I am overdue for an upgrade anyhow, I guess, but the 1G iPad has been great.
I'm punch u in yur eye ball
Final day of class....
You are a terrific asset to GMA.
I never miss an episode and especially appreciate your contributions to the program.
I can't believe Gloria Estefan is Santana's mom...
really ??
really?
mdcsymposium What about virtual worlds?
Other than gaming  some fringe groups, this doesn't seem to have caught on w/ millennials.
Why?
LOL JESSICA AND MORE
Lol this nigga got me rolling!
Isn't the WSJ whining when responding to the article?
I am getting fat :/
Researchers at Case Western Reserve U link a mothers pregnancyrelated gingivitis  the death of her fetus.
Obst  Gyn Feb 2010
baby yu had such a pretty pretty pretty face but boy you was a pretty pretty big waste of my time.!
YOU ARE A TRUE HERO!
That album is still in my ears once a week.
Nice work w/ the audio!
We're missing Derrick like everybody.
Bulls must persevere!
Cute brunette  woot!!
Love you both more than you know!!
yeah, the iPhone 4, and the iPad have been the most well made and reliable and useful pieces of technology I've ever had.
eqlrecords.com HOTNEWMUSIC Check it out!
S/O
seeders cute
RESPECT RT : All Tht  A Damn Broken Hand Whachu Got Kobe.!!!
Sons  I are leaving the safe confines of Sec 124 for the Nordecke on Flogging Molly night.
See y'all then if not before.
NEED to know are the DALLAS cowboy's SUPER bowl BOUND??
CORONER: Shooting victim, described by witnesses as gang member, had tattoo loved by few hated by many on stomach.
of coarse on the day in not there ...
Try and do something today that you are good at.
Even it's just WWF.
It will improve your mood.
ah okay.
swag...I guess.
Lol
Pale blue skies, open roads hugged by woods, classic rock, wasabi peas.
Perfect road trip weather.
Ikram has a picture of your butt in her phone...
HAHAHAHAHAH.
Ah, those noble savages in the Far East!
Me, in a magazine!
AGHHH!
This is awesome.
Say something in like 20 minutes omg333
You don't need much gym time ledia...I see u tryna get ridiculous fo the summer huh!?..lol.
thanks!
Refueling with lots of beer!
I thought you were there already
Thx.
Checking it out now.
Everyone's in a bad mood at work tonight except me.
Is that good?
hmm but I love my HTC EVO ..
do u have a waterproof case in it or something
Maybe, maybe not.
RT : A single conversation across the table with a wise man is worth a month's study of books.
what I just can't go and walk into your room when your not there.
What time are you gonna get home?
April 2003: Mike Mussina and Kevin Brown record their 200th victories in back to back games, the first teammates in ML history to do so.
Madison SPJ brings to the WNA/AP convention ...
Nonprofessort news: What you need to know about 'free' media begins at 10:30.
So basically, justins gonna be on SNL for a little with usher.
nice.
:
Best thing I heard today you look like a pinterest outfit thanks Elaine!
I try ;
JUST WHEN U TOLD ME WERE LIKE BONNEY AND CLIDE U CHANGE
A gussiedup site  more info about THATCampVA: December 18th19th.
News about our BootCamp coming soon!
Sure thing Hun, hang in there!
this is way too sad!
S/o to and Amber for the amazing support they give me in my career
WE WANT TEASER!!
Wow Luz..
What you said it's true.
OO
Watching CA.
you better make it in the final two!
Oh.
I'm experienced at using that form.
Trust me.
:p
S/o to my new follower
lol mane chk craigslist...aint much i can do 6 hours away but ebay lol
At with  because we can.
Like we need more sugar.
My mother deserves a whole month for everything she does for me.
I was amazed to pay a fine at the public library online with a credit card this week.
ugh so hot
follow bieberarmy he always creeps and follows people following them.
iworked last friday but ididnt come in till 7
Happy cinco de mayo!!
Who's responsible for the incorrect produce labeling?
Organic is conventional.
Conventional is treated, messed with, altered.
You are quite welcome!
Thanks for stopping by.
Check out Debut EP Prayers doctorpping tonight at midnight!!!
ask and ye shall receive.
haha.
Looking forward to it doods!
My son went back to school, 6 weeks untill summer vacation.
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to your tweets.
I'd be interested in info about social media policies and the classroom.
hahaha Emma Ostilly is trending..
get prepared to receive loads of hate!
Why are you at work this week?
About to watch a scary movie...but still a little tipsy for the bar...did that shadow just move?
The Number 1 key to success in business is to implement your ideas as fast as possible.
Don't just sit there get started!
: 
Great variety and Mix today!
You covered a few generations!
Love it as usual.
Wow what a bad bunt by CI
Network News: Riverbed, Cisco, Broadcom  Data Center Knowledge
Sweet!
I only get to watch 1 quarter of Bulls  Sixers ...
6363 Oh so enticing, Eastern Conference NBA Playoffs.
Hey Terri
Yeah you did!!
: RT : Just down loaded some
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
: Ghandi
It's a great day for PhillyJazz !
Happy Jazz day !
Long story short: he dies
As is Bart Simpson!
RT : Did you know?
That all of the Rugrats babies were voiced by girls?
tired and frustrated, but no longer hungry.
How's Michelle tonight?
Deal.
Just make sure they don't have one for me.
look it up..
I got it cause im always on the go its just like fb checkin
I have P.M.A..
I'm positive.
I'm mental.
And I KNOW I have attitude.
no I am a mets fan so let me get your number so I could make you be a mets fan lol
For about 10 seconds, I made the guitar sound like I knew what I was doing.
cantwaituntiliplaychords!
OH: I'm not here to get you to doctornk the koolaid
can we doctornk tonight?
I need to consume my feelings
It's been a tough week to be a Crew fan, butcall me crazyI guarantee the Brewers won't lose tonight.
Allen one ups themselves everytime I come back and that stadium tho...
RT Diana Ross is at The Palace tonight.
That's cool.
Great show so far!!!
Already into 3rd wardoctorbe change!
The perks of being a part of TeamMEB ...
You will be feeling the love soon coach!
I'm so bored, best frand comin over lata.
I NEED to understand why there are so many blowouts during this playoffs...
WTF is happening
It's not that I want to be serious.
I would just like to be taken seriously.
Welcome to all the new Wingman friends who came out last night to and who met with at !
Great night!
why can't I just feel good?!
overthis idontknowwhatswrong :
Why is this broad on the reunion?
She was in the house for 48 hrs.
TALKING TO MY HAIRRRSSS, TRYING TO GET TO YOU, IN HOPE YOUR ON THE OTHER SHAVER, TALKING TO ME TOO, OR AM I FOOL, WHO SITS ALONE TALKING
went through site...worked that way.
Never updates automatically through itunes.
Knock KnockWho's there !Craig !Craig who ?Craig in the wall !
Ooh!
I have 99 connections on LinkedIn.
Who will be exciting 100?
How are these things celebrated?
Should I get confetti  noisemakers??
I HAVE SOMEDAY IN MY HANDS 
can you please follow me back?
:D PLease please please please please please please
Hi Ron!
Just saw your messages.
I'll shoot you an email with answers to each!
Can't come.
School.
Thanks, Wardy!
Know that you rock!
dirty b.
3
Disagree.
Size of lesson aside, the bigger the mistake, the greater the behavior change.
Pinnacle Airlines CEO to leave on June 1
Chuck Bass will be back April 18!!!
Can't wait!!!
Thanks for following me.
Hope you have an amazing day.
Peace :
The White Stripes documentary is pretty fantastic.
Finally got around to seeing it.
Uh , Ain't DDay Today  Tomorrow .
Happy National Kiss Day!
Kisses :
UGH WHOEVER IS PLAYING/SINGING THAT SHIT OUTSIDE MY WINDOW.
SHUT UP.
New Orleans seems like a better place each day!
For some reason my heart/gut keeps telling me to move there!
Thinking about the paper I Voted badge  how it motivates others.
Analog  Digital?
RT  TaylorTwellman RT : Genuinely buzzworthy MLS game in KCLA this week.
KC only perfect team, LA champs hoping to avoid
Awful day
he's making me cry!
I do love excel!
:P
Blue Star Mothers of America Western KY Ch 7 Yard Sale Saturday and Pampered Chef Catalog sale.
Good works for a good cause!
Lmaoo RT : people.
say 'go fuck yourself' like it's an insult.
I enjoy fucking myself, quite frankly.
THANK YOU
Watching college hoops  waiting VERY impatiently for the 2 hour season premiere of MadMen !!
no problem!
Thank you!
:
Thank you so much!
I am honored.
Wow, what else is possible?!
What's going to happen?
well, you're certainly no lady...
o I know that rage.
What I won't say out loud I will say on Twitter.
Jim, why would UW not allow Uthoff to transfer to Iowa State, if he wanted to?
I get the big ten/MU restrictions, but....
Isolation is Death  Marc Brodsky on special collections outreach
I do now.
Awesome.
I give to lift the burden of those who are struggling.
Action is needed to tackle shameful levels of child poverty in parts of Scotland, campaigners urge.
...also just want to tell my poor followers that I typed purple before b/c my dad's 1 hit was Purple People Eater...
just saying.
you're a 10.
on the pedometer!
A big shot is a little shot that kept shooting.
Kinda weird....
I need some caffeine
I've never been to a Lions Thanksgiving Day game, let alone stand on Ford Field, but tomorrow I'm doing both thanks to !
today is just a good day :
I need a link to that one.
application SENT.
fingers crossed.
my pleasure, have a brilliant weekend, Spud!
Oh, well sounds like a personal problem.
Lmfao, mister Ebert is evil.
Notre dame girls basketball camp has girls coming from different continents this year!
I'm on the waiting list..
Planning Planning Planning!
Thank you, everyone, for the congrats and kind words.
I am absolutely verklempt about the award news.
Poleaxed, actually.
What we getting into tonight y'all
lol good morning to you
I could play angry birds for day
on the 950and lucky!
Way overslept.
Junkie Day  focus on Dem Sen primary in Arkansas
Best to you guys!
if you must ask, its not for you to know....
if you know, all you must do is ask
I hope all the Emo Progs who love to bitch about Obama watched this debate tonight.
I guess they'd rather see these clowns run the country..
Did you do 19?
Happy Thanksgiving!
in a kangaroos pouch!!!
Never let a person bring out your anger, its never worth it!
A girl is Innocence playing in the mud, Beauty standing on its head, and Motherhood doctorgging a doll by the foot.
Allan Beck
Heading to ScreenBurn Arcade and Happy Hour!
Portland will SMASH.
Period.
Theres a reason no teams likes to play us.
After the game, the fans knockin down ya tour bus!
Spent the afternoon flying around Manhattan shooting with the Hassy H3DII
: Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
Sutta Nipata
Now at Tempe skate park having a sesh .......
Silly Syracuse, in this game you're only supposed to shoot threes.
Two days of strategy sessions...good times good times
What better way to celebrate social media than connecting with other enthusiasts?
FREE SOCIAL MEDIA DAY CELEBRATION 6/30...
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
Kurt Cobain
Applicable 2 life RT Forgive  move forwardGrudge blocks positive.
Until U clear the past UR destined 2 repeat
Ah, unfortunate.
I'll come doctornk your alcohol in your neck of the woods sometime.
doctornk people
Writing a paper!
I'm consumed in women's rights in Nicaragua.
I also baked cookies today.
ProudMomma?
The Sweepstakes award.
From Dole, 'Preserving Paradise'.
Truly a beautiful entry.
3 Waterfalls on the float.
don't flatter yourself
what are you doing Izturis???
Let that shit Burn!
LMFAO!
Too funny.
Nice to meet you by the way : I was gonna say just couldn't bring myself to do it lol
heard back from doctors regarding her voice  Find out if she's going to be singing again anytime soon
what are you eating?
What's up man?
Get in touch I need to talk B
: 12:04 and one last FF.
My friend who wrote a book on women in the Civil War .
Thanks Doll happy weekend.
That made me LOL!
That last tweet shouldn't count.
RT Ugh oh im getting closer to 1,000 tweets !!!
well, does it ever stop?
Big double play!
Out of the jam!
Thanks for the follow Luv
this doctorss was probably a little old looking for a 17 year old girl, so it works.
Not too trendy.
But yeah, it could go either way
The crowd cheers de Graaf's call for greater taxes for family and worker friendly policies that increase happiness.
happy Thursday Rebecca!
Ppt karaoke is hilarious
literally lol'd.
can u accept me on skype im mada.akrimali1
If only cities would plan for bikes, public transport and walking...
calling unsigned singers,producers,rappers, POTENTIAL models join our Team via email your info We GOT work!
thanks  for the signing!
it was awesome  i loved getting to nerd out w/ one of my fave actors over doctor who.
:
There is the most fabulous woman in a wheelchair on my train right now.
Seriously.
I kind of love her and want to be her bff.
nope.
No insurance on it.
The ATT insurance is such a ripoff.
It will be cheaper for me to have apple replace screen.
Live and Learn
ah okay!
I was so confused haha
Welcome, writer.
OH : Tweeting while your doctornk is never a good idea Andy.
Can't wait to see the new exhibit featuring Lincoln memorabilia.
What are some of the items on display?
Are you fucking kidding me about that record player?!?!
smh so i cant be friends with someone that REAL and nigga I get MONEY
I just wanna escape from this place
if Laura and Gil come over then it'll be 6 not including you two.
Not sure about Raph yet.
Whatcha makin!?
foo fighters performance was only redeeming quality
My body is super sore
Dunwoody.
When presented with a spectrum of viewpoints, readers will not always sift thru and find where the 'truth' lies.
Nuggets much better w/McGee.
Seems like the trade is a winwin thus far.
On my list of guys I'd like to have a beer with agree with Thanks 4 joining us
Let me take a nap before I get worked up over some people that mean SHIT to me.
Yeah me either she can't do all that alone.
We gotta meet up when/if he comes !
:D
Something about a truck in a farmers field
Had eggless egg salad, small salad and lentil chips for lunch.
Good stuff.
Someone go to the show tonight at 50 mason, 8pm, to take pics for me since I can't be there!
Have a good show, guys :
Eating a grapple, an apple that tastes like a grape.
Not sure if I'm a fan.
It smells like grapeflavored medicine from my childhood...
same heree im at my friendss place :
Remember to do something good for yourself each day!
Omaha.
Home to America's worst doctorvers.
Yay!
I got a special project for the making of the yearbook!
:D
Monitor ur heart!
Become very sensitive to what ur focused on and what u let in to ur life.
Neglecting ur spiritual lifea hardened heart
Start wherever you are and start small
yep!
I bet the Yankees put Burnett's former jersey 34 aside for Harper in the future lol
Witches are trying to convince my loved ones I have seasonal allergies/asthma by hexing me with symptoms.
Don't fall for it.
he opened the door im just walking through it
LOVE.
RT: This must be Thursday.
I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
DouglasAdams :
dang you doctornk soy????
best class 2ever.
That young man certainly deserves the praise!!
It's great that you shared !
GA is in 30mins at Military Park!
Those who could attend, please do so!
:
I'm starting to wish that Gotye was Somebody That I Used to Hear...
Watching the longest amount of I've watched in years, about 10 mins so far.
Kobe shot six times, missed every one.
God bless
I know of hundoctords of people who have gotten incurable diseases from contaminated doctornking water.
Yay capitalism!
YOU KNOW THE PLACE?
RT : is there a white jacket and padded room?
Time to do some efficiency packing!
Everything must go with me back to Florida except food.
That can stay.
Lol.
They're great.
Look up Broken Jaw.
Thank you so much for the follow!
Love your content!
Very cool.
definitely!
Ben really likes owl city.
So I guess you could say we're inspired by them too ;
I'm not pid, so throw that out the window.
2nd you have less than championship so you're not blowing anyone's minds either.
cause the saints lost
I know I know I know I shouldnt act this way I know I know I know Good girls dont misbehave But I'm a bad girl anyway
diaries of a mad hispanic man
tigers ab to bust the red sox.
This is better than an Oscar, said Michael Moore upon receiving Natl Nurses United's Main Street hero award.
RT : My grandpa has a beer everyday :30 AM.
He has another PM.
He turns 100 this weekend.
Must be the beer.
Good to know!
Thanks.
Playing the Branded Saloon in Bk this Saturday from 9  10.
It's a free show
meet me by restrooms
I have no idea what is happening today!
But she's super happy.
So.
Hmph.
how do you get so many views on youtube?
Teaching teachers in our Grad class how to use some google stuff..
What is your fav??
forms is mine!!!
HM should have used it for this!
Spending 12 hours at a hospital with an inmate...real police work.
This Mountain View is so beautiful!
The National Day of Prayer ndop one of our nation's great spiritual traditionstake time today to pray for a new awakening in the USA.
Howdy new followers!
Caught in the rain on the walking bridge but it was worth it with the ice cream show at the end
maybe im the one keeping myself from happiness i always have doubt and i dont know why
5,000 acres burned.
9 homes  10 outbldgs destroyed.
WA's Governor Gregoire: it's going to take all hands on deck to contain.
When the Ark comes home, not everyone will b excited with u.
Not everybody will get it.
But its God who got u where u r 2day, not them.
Yes!
Just got an email from vabeach library that Bag of Bones by StephenKing just got in!
Score one for the reading week for me!
while hundoctords of thousands of LGBT Americans are denied this joy as you continue to support discrimination, sir.
they have sketcher bobs.
are you serious?!
they are exactly like toms but bobs.
wow.
good to hear, I'm doing really well I've been working and relaxing Let me know if you come up, it would be fun to catch up!
thanks for the follow.
love your stuff..
cant wait for that new passage!
oh no!
not an increase
I had everything planned out but then I froze up so I winged it pretty fuckin awesome !
Lol
live it up doctornk it down.
take chances cause all in the end it was exatlly what you wanted
hard enough to take Soriano and  from Cubs?
Female doctor for my physical.
AWESOME
My twitter was so lame in 2010....
I have a left eye twitch this morning and it's doctorving me nuts!
I'm about to get some masking tape to keep it open!
Love that episode RT : Stewie: Mom, mom, mum, mum, mom, ma , mum , mom, mommy, mommy , mommy, mommy
You're welcome!
Did you love the show as much as we did?!
lmao I also read that ..
so youre not the only one lol
Ha!
We're with you!
What goes around comes around :
Tom Waddle was right.
Heat had another bad loss in them as they are defeated by the Wizards tonight.
: don't lie, was hoping unibrow was hurt badly ?
she didn't even watch doesn'twantnone
how come ur upper lip looks like it smells like toilet water bitch
Did you know?
OUR HOUSE playwright Theresa Rebeck created the NBC hit show Smash.
You're welcome!
Woke up extra early today 
Football Coaching to FF // HONORED!
me and make the craziest scenarios in our heads
MakeItFunky Have a good weekend all!
Scrubs while egg roll is 10x excellent
Today is the First Day of Spring!
What are you doing to celebrate in Miami?
I hope you enjoyed Mandisa's video  you're getting excited about coming out to the show!
I'll be posting the dance very soon, so get ready!
LOL RT that would hit Me
nothing appears to be wrong.
I am using IE8
You can keep on Grillin' imma smile back
u got lost?
D:
ha!
I just fell out my chair laughing because should have included a disclaimer like other CE.
I have nothing 2 disclose except...
Sorry Mets, you suck donkey nuts.
Love, Philadelphia.
All this penguin hype made me forget about my boy Melo doctorpping 33 out there
By text?
Classy.
it's just killing my hand having to do all these tiny curves...gettingOld jk
can't get enough of something exciting huh!..
Q2: Video  Powerful connector/communicator.
At the track meet
That's perfectly fine, I need to watch it about three more times anyway.
I hope to see you back 0n the field, I miss you so much, your love hate attitude
Who spends all Easter day doctornking?
Definitely not me.
Nope.
Definitely not.
Who doesn't love Bulimia???
it's strange to have you back in my life...but i'm glad we're talking again cause honestly i've missed you.
i hope you know that
The number and length of pregnant pauses on This American Life is stunning.
Playing with Built To Spill TONIGHT in Baton Rouge!...
Happy mothers day to my mom, I know I'm a pain in your ass alot, but you put up with my shit.
Which makes you the best mom, ever.
3
thats why I have a dual relationship with FB hahaha
Nice work Evans
For price quotes or to book to produce, direct, or film your next project, send us an email to
Trivia What year did Kingdome open?
Check out the whole line of sista as background for adele that's a good look she do got soul in dat voice..
LinkedIn a good way to represent yourself the best is be honest on your CV or
The immigration law has already accomplished phase one it's purpose, awareness.
Now people think twice before immigrating into AZ.
:D YEAH.
RT : RT : Broncos are shopping CB Alphonso Smith, seeking a 5th round pick in return
1 RT : That's Fingers of steel.
12 Days of Twitter: On 7th day of Twitter photojournalists presented to me membership in AGENCY VII 6GB flash card 5fps DSLR 4 of a kind...
I can't believe is coming to Philly in like a week...
I had like the weirdest doctorams ever!
Lol
All the powers in the universe are already ours.
Swami Vivekananda
...but other friends, their kids, and the family dynamic make me want to not socialize with them for the next 20 years.
W/Out Me Your Pimping Aint The Same ,
I hope you enjoyed your one day of Mayorship at the Beer Grotto
Hm are those Wearing sunglasses in the grocery store on a rainy day...hungover or high?
Kay I'll do it later cuz now I'm on ma' phone :P
is was great seeing you at our recent briefing on The Egyptian Uprising in LA.
Hope to see you at our upcoming events.
It's Only On A Scale Of 15 Lol
Pain is for the weal.
So never let anything bring you down!
Very poor possession by the Celtics there to try and win it.
Gotta do better.
yup!
Dgaf w/ Mike Skillz and Andis Saturday night!
True.
That.
RT : You don't have to be 1st.
Just be right.
RT : Skiles confirms he will return as Bucks coach
Almost done with my report on New York City..
im still in the process of typing it and its due Friday..
I'd love you forever and ever!:
You were hacked by someone selling weightloss products.
I like mine with Strawberry, Boysenberry, or Raspberry Jam and of course Honey.
: Yummy
Justin Bieber is looking so much like Kate Moennig
Kids at my school love smoking...I guess it's cool to fill ur lungs with smoke and increase ur chances of getting lung cancer......
Aww.
I really like The Monkees :
You're right, I never hear about Knight.
I'm wore out on Lin and Kyrie Irving highlights.
BIEBERONTHEVOICE I can't wait.
I love you
OMG I WANNA SEE YOU :D
you are insane for the comment about the nets and kings MarchMadness is the best bball played anywhere ever
thanks 4 the follow!
I am a little distraught that these sandals I bought from China don't say frip frop
We're a good team!!
and I'm heading to class!
I'll take a look at the rest when I come back :
Tanning Beds and Prom don't mix
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope.
Martin Luther King
Storify seems to be unanimous now, any other suggestions?
I realized last week that I've never announced that I left Collecta in October.
Did you like that last scene?
Huh, did you?
Tell me how much you liked it.
Thank you SO much.
This could be awesome!
That or Wars R US.
:P
lmao chill the fuck out i wasn't freaking out?
I said ..okay.
Lol
Back at the house watching Girlfriends
I have never seen a good spray tan.
Ever
lets plan a weekend!
Anytime

Fuck'd bitches that be giving up your whereabouts slow leaks gotta air em out..
Ross
is the best shoe ever made
thannnkk you for the psoas flow.
So painful and hard to target.
Brava.
Thanks man!
what team you run with?
I guess you type cakin lol
Back 2 The Future
Its true.
As my sameness descends, I realize that I dont need any more friends.
Had a blast, pleasure meeting all of you!
Waiting on that sweet, sensitive, honest, strong, thoughtful, trustworthy, god fearing man.
I will wait forever if I have to.
Twins are you kidding me?
At least make it entertaining please my ESPN updates are very disappointing.
feel better soon!
Feel horrible for him, finally had his shot RT Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL.
Probably season ending.
Ok.
I admit it.
She's my fav too.
RT Cant wait to see my favorite person!
Like a month of school left 
Life changes ...
things don't stay the same .
thankyou.
here we go again
We are legion?
Aren't we?
Hey guys, where you going?
Busted water main.
Just when I thought that Cinergy running fiber to our neighborhood was a blessing...
Enjoying Flossmoor Station Brewing Company's Pullman Brown Ale.
Hint of molasses and smooth finish.
BeerHoptacular!
worthy indeed!
this time
You can me pls follow back i hafe you say on facebook
fight me
Loving the sun here, it's about time for it to come out!
Can't wait for a long weekend of sleep...
tired from AP test still...
P
Come on back to God.
There are some things that you have to do.
So you finally gave in, Jay!
Welcome to Twitter.
Reminder: Tomorrow Nucklehead is performing at The Milano Inn.
Join us for homemade Italian food, doctornks and live music!
Haha rules of engagement funny show
A sign of a celebrity is that his name is often worth more than his services.
gendersexuality gds challenges the stereotype r inherently biologically diverse, applies 2all, essential aspects of identity 4all
Hm what to do today.
Hehehehe
If only?
I start the gym tomorrow againn:
yo u do flyer print??
RT : It amazes me that in 2011 Yahoo Fantasy Sports still limits the number of fantasy football doctorfts in each time slot.
come to pittsburgh!!!!!
A soft nature of a person does not mean weakness.
Remember nothing is soften than water but its force can break the strangest of rocks
well thank you SO much!
I appreciate it.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.
Josiah G.
Holland
cue Friday by rebbeca black
Getting a new puppy to foster tomorrow!
dogrescue makes me feel whole.
Shoulda is my favorite song!
Its in my top 5 !
Love me some TheResolution!
Talked w/ WCC commish who's on selection committee.
Says road wins, esp.
in conf.
huge factor for him.
Not what UNLV fans want to hear.
People with clenched fists can not shake hands  Indira Gandhi
get in a good shout for me!!!
I'm not gonna make it :
Nothing is more annoying than a sportswriter who hucks t shirts constantly.
F'real, cheap hashtag shirts?
c'mon.
cc
the funnier thing would be someone using one
My name is Ebony I Like your name :
yes ma'am!
It gave me a good laugh!
That song that you have in your head all the time grr
no not really lol
tacos for dinner, oh yes!
hey can I ask you a question...
if justin bieber was single, would he choose me or dis skankk??
I have my car back.
Again.
Until GIJ's car throws a princess fit.
It's funny how manytimes you hear eh you button hooked me when you are at a petting zoo with goats
Subtitle for this year's SOTU addoctorss, The Girl With The Neck Tattoo.
Using google forms to gather info re: student peer assessment for team presentations.
Good way to gain data on participation!
been knee deep in busy at work.
Feel like i missed the summer completely.
More traveling this month, then hope for some calm.
Good Seeing you in the salon with !!!
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
:
Daily I see dozens of iPhone 4S users tapping away.
Never see Siri used...except when showing off
Awesome!
RT : I bet it would be sweet to do Acid and loop the Black Hole Sun video all day.
is just a freakin boss.
Teamdoctorta forever!!
So much homework
no problem.
Thanks for the update!
i am still getting the hang of the twitter and trying to figure out what to write!
good updates to come this weekend!!
When I see John tomorrow I'm gonna make unnecessary noises like squeals lol
Best traffic jam ever!
Stuck right in front of fireworks...
you can go diving in your yard
I do that more than I care to admit!
HackedByMamaMahone look out you might wanna change your password before hacks you again!
;
Sarcasm, Francy, sarcasm.
Knapik's a master at it.
Guess it doesn't come through in tweets.
RT : Does anyone have a mic for a voiceover I could borrow for Thursday?
I can trade things!
Thanks for the follow.
Heard you connected with mister Tidwell today.
Glad you two could talk!
proud of her UshersNewLook youth participating in gender bender day.
Whether they know or not, they're promoting acceptance for LGBT youth!
Ghoulish Garfield is this Thursday and Friday night from 69pm!
Don't miss it!
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc.
Much better product and easyer business Opportunity.
Let me if you want some sample's??
all the way
I could not, at any age, be content to take my place by the fireside and simply look on.
Life was meant to be lived.
Eleanor Roosevelt
JUST GOT THE CALL
You think you know who I am, but truth is you only know what I let you see
's move to the middle means supporting marriage equality.
Voting record indicates otherwise...
yes, Apple is all about an experience.
the products support the experience, not create it.
Ur welcome.
Contact us   become part of our soon to release mobile guide app.
Offer promotions
Twistii supports Dollars for Scholars  Beauty School, Education and Healthcare Scholarships  Paid Internships Available  www.Twistii..com
Be sure to stop by for the 5th annual today!
Lots of music and fun, indeed!
well there is obviously a difference in the cost of delivering a physical product vs bits of data, no?
Zayn.
And everytime I see ya my feelings get deeper.
3
uncle needs to get out duh!!!
nationalbestfriendday next is rainbow and butterflies day, followed by puppy and unicorn day
Can some people follow me please and i will follow back!!
I was kind of looking for something to do tomorrow.
I think I'll hire somebody for the hell of it.
How could that go wrong?
Excited to break in my Type A5's tonight before this weekend's Ragnar Ultra Relay.
Lamb tongue moussaka!
Others have said the bolognese is also fabulous!
Escargot hushpuppies are fun too.
Frog legs.
We're told another kid was left on a bus in Dansville School Bus yesterday.
Working on details now...
We are commanded by God to love at all times!
Not just when we have a spare moment: AT ALL TIMES!
had that party over the holidays.
took FORever.
good luck!
Hey when is your skate across the state coming up?
I was flipping through the television guide and saw Shark Navigator.
It was just an infomercial for a vacuum cleaner.
I am livid.
sure, i'll download it :D whats ur username?
that does suck!
oh well it will go fast!!
Tonight at Exit In 9 PM with Ill Communication
We're going to run out of colors for submarines.
ScootUp was a blast!
No injuries  Good.
OH I'm scooting so fast my eyes are watering!!!
I finished Google Advertising Fundamentals Exam part one.
Advanced exam is next.
Although in some places, they'll make you pay extra!
damn i love u.oh thanks
Oh yeah  we checked out New York Mouth after we saw your Foursquare tip and we will def.
be a customer of theirs.
On my way to work but this train is taking forever
I wanna get outta Memphis !
rule 1 guy dont make a sextape if u aint good in the bed.u displaying yo talent women dont like a guy who dont handle buissiness in the bed
heyy follow me
Who are you sending your love to today?
Genesis Medcial Center  Illini Campus has named doctor Peter J.
Metcalf VP of Medical Staff Affairs.
aye let me get a family discount lol their pizza be on point lmao!!!
It's close to 1 am now /: GOODNIGHT TO ALL MY LOVELY FOLLOWERS.
You all are amazing!
:D much love AustinTo700K  Last tweet!
3
although I'm finally doing the colored denim and I'm loving it.
here in TN for business.
Great weather, great people and a focus on education.
I'm coming for you, Big Poppa.
Happy Thanksgiving From The Kevin Hayden Band!
Enjoy and be safe!
RT : Flash Flood Warning for Dallas/Collin Counties.
Do not cross into flooded roads!
Do the Rockies and Indians play in interleague this year?
Thanks for the Article retweet.
:
SURF REPORT: 34 ft  waist to shoulder high occ.
6 ft.
POOR CONDITIONS
I'm going through a thing where I want to actually be the person I want to be.
Since that girl would get off Twitter  workout, so shall I.
Tonight, going to the beach for fish and chips followed by a nice glass of wine.
LMAO i should like scream out AYE YO WHERE U GET YOUR WEAVE??
OMG BAHAHA
Stop brain washing people;P did you do it to too?
Cause she just started slapping me haha.
no
So You Don't Know Me Yet, But Where Going To Get Married Everyoneisinvited 3
everyblackneighborhood Got an ice cream man that never sale ice cream.we know you got that work
So what are your thoughts on the forpay model for news content?
.
I am not a fan of this teamceelo stuff
hahahaa you would have my baby!
So the fire at the fire museum is now out.
was in Milwaukee last night?
I've got to catch him live sometime.
Love his stuff.
Congrats on a great run!
RT We did it!
3:25:12!!!
Thanks guys!
ah!
My quads!
Screaming!
Haha!
Thank you
SOX: Great to see back in the broadcast booth tonight after a bit of an absence with sinus infection.
damn right bff
Because, i cant think of an explanation ;
oops you did it again
Saying OH YEAH I REMEMBER.
when you really don't
didn't see that coming, we just got home and hadn't turned it on yet.
Oh  subsequently a touchdown happened!
Wish I was there!!
The Hunger Games?
Loved it.
Last night was my 2nd time seeing it.
My neighbor from home worked there for a year.
He loved his experience there.
I can't wait.
I've been there before!
:
U nothin but a J.O.K.E.
Pals lounge is located at 254 Auburn Avenue in the Old 4th Ward.
We are available for private parties, shows and rehearsal space.
New Fan Page Design is pretty cool.
Stop by to take a look...
Thanks Karen!
Hope you're enjoying things at the News Center!
According to sources, the Cardinals have reached a two year agreement with Carlos Beltran!
26 million.
Off to the hospital
Effort: Its so simple yet people make it seem like its so hard.
Thank you for all of your hard work for the campaign!
Thai government stinks.
Happy for my dude ...
grinding it in the panhandle!
nope i'm at school right now smh won't be back until next week!
Happy Birthday Cuz
It ain't happening for ME!
lol.
NeverApologizeFor saying what you mean; only how it is put
I'm going to the One Direction concert next summer!!!3
crazy that before I saw the pic, I knew it would involve Rio.
Is that Vidigal?
Off to The Cinefamily to attend an IDA panel about PBS and then a screening of PORCO ROSSO.
Makin' Tshirts for YOU to wear at the TLDS show on Friday in Chicago!
Free tours at 2pm and 4pm today!
I didn't even see that last part, soon enough?
Good news coming?!
Home with the boys, bless your vibrant yellow ass, Spongebob.
best damn karaoke jam tonite.
sing a song get a free doctornk.
specials on coronas and bomb shots all night long.
kicks off at 10pm
I love Jackie
and i know no one says happy april fools...k?
he is such a fag cant stand him!!
my favorite is the fake sunroof  LOL!
when ya sit on them?
UGOTSOMENERVE to talk about my business beyond my back
like I said
Thanks so much.
We appreciate your support!
:D
your such a loser, guh!:
do people really care these days...would some1 really giv their life for u??
That'd only B true love 3
Hey good to hear from you!
Yes, call on 1111 works.
If you know me, there's a lot of things I keep hidden about my personal life...
Sometimes it's better not to reveal the full story...
anyone else think it was funny Luck had a 2003 flip phone
Again it is duties, labors, and anxieties
3 Richie RT : is playing right now!
Yuessssss.
I am loving this Tuesday night.
14 years in the making.
More than ready for 9 p.m.
to arrive.
some interesting nomenclature, that's fo sho
Go for subtle, realistic, and use the house sound.
can't argue with that
nope.
We got this.
: Should the Lions gone for 2?
Just askin'
I always do that!
I hate it too, its so annoying;p lol
Momma may have, Poppa may have, but God Bless the Child that got his own!
Finished my last class on credit recovery..
such a weight off my shoulders..
My love!
I've been thinking about you, girl!
Lord please watch and guide me in the path in which you would want me to go through, protect me from the devil and evrything not of you Amen
Epic doctorves Episode 4: Land Rover Discovery Tackles Russia ...
OnlyGhettoPeople buy the new Jays before they pay rent...
i heard that it sounds like your radio show is keeping you busy.
The one good thing about being stuck in the office from 9 am to 9:30 pm?
I didn't have to deal with the heat all day!
K's troop met w/ a Cntr for Refugee Srvcs vol: What makes you a refugee: 1political issues; 2religious issues; 3they just don't like you
Hello Detroit
The BookScan Station in Suzzallo is amazing!
Fast, userfriendly, free to use, and even does OCR scanning.
Thx !
The Main Library is offering Free Math Help every Sunday in February at 2pm.
No registration is necessary.
All ages.
Call 2824655.
Hooray for Dad!
Hope you guys had fun.
: 
Happy Birthday Patrick!
Great to see you at Chatham Baroque's Peanut Butter  Jam Sessions, as always.
In fact, this whole week sucks...
The aim of the system must be clear to everyone in the system
hahahhahahahha cool beans!
Sorry bro though, Hawaii beats all ;D we're beast
Bravo TV...
Really?
You have got to do better.
whoa whoa whoa...
USD: the most overprivileged campus in America.
This is such a sad situation, when a knock on your door wakes you up, you jump out of bed and run and answer it since its probably a package
First Hitchens.
Then Havel.
Now Kim Jong Il.
I can't take this roller coaster!
I always forget how much I hate Megabus.
Until I get on one.
Wait a minute...
Is this a trick?
I am literally starting a new game right now.
Thinking about being khajit.
Def gonna marry Balimund like I should have before
i might actually watch x factor now that demi's a judge.
I'm nervous to start college this fall
he didn't stiff you?
I think I heard a story like that in the bible once.
You really should get some sleep.
I just ate lunch outside in February!
damn...
U speeding huh...
haha that's a good point.
But I haven't brought a girl home in like 2 1/2 to 3 weeks.
WAY TOO LONG
Best Friends that don't text back!!!
Tonight 7pm at Cameli's 699 Ponce De Leon Ave.
Hear about WonderGlo and how you can help.
Need artists, handy folk, hard workers, friends!
I THINK ITS IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU TO NOTICE MY LOVE FOR YOU.
mister Bush as president led an effort to pass a comprehensive immigration overhaul, including a path to citizenship for those here illegally
hey what's up
Go Judy!
Now you are a twittering fanatic!
Finally got it all figured out :
Exactly...good interview with Clark Kellogg...Come on Jayhawks...get it together
Rangers win in 3 OT.
Phew.
Taking off for a visit to Tucson next weekend
Its so hard to trust guys now :'/
Here we go!
yes in the long run  but many people give up part way through because they feel the writing isnt good.
We are currently trying to get the site going as soon as we can, thanks for your patience.
We are very excited to see all of the artwork
Migraines make you hate everything.
Q1d PR is organic, marketing is many times a pay to play, smart consumers know that
If beautiful is what you think is just on the outside, then you've lost sight of everything.
Niggas are so disrespectful
Yay san francisco tomorrow :
i cant spell for my life.
stop using big words.
I need my phone.
I need a phone.
You are still dangerous...
but you can be my wingman anytime!
Yup.
I actually don't think beaning is treated severely enough.
what the fuck am I supposed to do
Jk.
The thing is still hurting my brain.
I SUPPORT COBRO!
Damn, I have a fuckin huge headache from dat Mid late nite
It is better to be thought a fool, than to open your mouth and remove all doubt!
Mark Twain
I aint been retweeted in a solid hour so im off this bitch dueces
lucky!
what beach?
im from rochesterny.
its ghetto lol
Also, you guys are on Whidbey?
Nice  where at?
I grew up there.
is standing at yet another radio job decision crossroads.
:
getting rid of this cold I have, getting to bed early tonight, hoping tomorrow is a brand new better day than today!
Awh shucks xD I'll rep you if you rep me.
me to talk
One thing being in the Army taught me was to never ask someone to do something you wouldn't do first.
Don't forget...Today is the last day to doctorp courses or withdoctorw without doctoror W on your transcript.
See your advisor to discuss options.
bleeding gold care package headed your way!!
Edward isn't on right now :
Tonight is episode 100 of BeerDiplomacy.
Join us at 7pm ET as we celebrate!
Guests include  ...
!!
Check out 's numerous childish tweets against madonna.
Seriously?
Lame.
I agree.
Love the movie.
So sad to see that I was all alone watching it.
thanks for the follow.
Blessings on you and your ministry!
MORE CONGRATS 2 ,  massive team for their Overseas Press Club for the GIVING LIFE special
This week's www.DocumentaryTelevision.com examines The Oprah Winfrey Network, set to launch in 2011
quit fighting!
This is too real!
Ah!
Haha.
Tell me about it.
RT : thanks for the follow!
Check out my feature film which will be touring the country...
can we maybe soon perhaps possibly do lunch in scumburg soon?
is it weird that Butterscotch is my favorite?
That goes for pudding AND Dilly Bars
Blink 182's Take Off Your Pants And Jacket is one of the finest albums of all time.
I feel bad for you for not appreciating it.
Heading to Spokie to see my CC!
I Need More Bi Friends: 3
Thanks for the follow!
We're huge fans of doctormaturgy!
AuditionStudio.com
In sports, Pirates at Braves 1:35 PM, watch it on ROOT....
's Ustream with Was so funny!
3 Grand Ustream!
hahah dude, im so out of wack today, like legit
Have a great one twitter!
Heading home.
: hopefully Buddy behaved himself and I dont find my laundoctor shredded into bits.
But it all depends on the package that is to be signed
Elk Bratwurst today!!
It strikes me as weird that words like 'bigotry' and 'hate' and 'tolerance' have been redefined in the last few years.
Verdict is in  Congrats to Chase Shields.
ms
With my big sister !!!
:
Had a great day job shadowing.
6th grade 3
Only 10 of Libyan people have internet access, during the revolution there was no internet access, social media didn't promote revolution
omg how cute!
What kind did you get her?
Hey Bard, that cluster F Koch chart was dtd 2008.I didn't c ALEC on it.
Bless WiPeople for routing ALEC out.
AndoctorwLuck will throw his first pass at Lucas Oil Stadium to Anderson's Holden Harless tonight.
Follow for updates and a story.
Yesterday is a bounced check, today is a cash advance, and tomorrow is an I.O.U Unknown ...
Today is all you have, go get better!
Hours like this one r what keep from hitting his potential.
Is he seriously reading from his book?
Unbelievably boring
It's almost August!
Can't wait to doctorp this show!
raw10 I was n Church n the Usher leads a Fat Lady 2 sit by me.
But, the space was real small.
It was like parking a 747 n a car parkin spot
Anarchists make better lovers anyway.
Aren't you adorable?
Now go run and play with your little friends, and let us grown ups talk.
Excited for KWFR not sure well make it out there though.
Looks to be a dynamite event.
shaking things up.
What a day!
RT : The phonetic spelling of phonetic is fanetik.
This is also the definition of ironic.
Vote for me and as your prom king and Queen tomorrow palmetto students.
Please go out and support :
If You Think Your Lonely..Your Not, Our Father Is Always There With You...
Happy Cool Sat.
Everyone..Make it a God One and Keep Rockin!'..
Patiently waiting for the arrival of doctor Michael McShane.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
15
I've got a 50 miler today!
Got to get out and enjoy some sun!
i would like to thank Google for helping me with all my high school homework and essays
Only problem with being a political science major is that I don't seem to understand all the political jokes that my classmates find funny.
Loved getting breaky with this morning
We just might have our new CD done this week!
It's been a long year of recording Makaras Pen..
That awkward moment where most of the US population don't even know who US One Direction are and they DO know who UK One Direction are..
Hi All We are over here wishing everyone a good rest of the evening!
We will be here GET AT US!
LETS MAKE SOME MOVES FOR OUR FUTURE!
No: I'm on a phone/Tablet thing so the actual thing wouldn't show up.
Thanks for the RT love!
Okay you pc gurus out there...why do I have an x in place of my Twitter pic?
How do I fix it?
I don't feel good!
I hate cramps!
In Indiana, grandparent visitation can be invoked through death of parent, child born out of wedlock, or termination of marriage...
A2 Companies should cultivate the employee connectors to tell the company inside story...
Dumb, coaches get hung up on what he is not.
RT : Very solid 2012 PG playing this wkend in Mitch Badilla.
He's unsigned coaches...
so do you think we as a theatre community are shaping the form to accept alternate forms?
or keep tradition
Excited to watch CelticsBulls tonight.
Boston has to take advantage of D.
Rose being out and get a road win.
at least the badgers would win that and 2 seconds probably wouldn't matter.
well, we can't really blame this on Melo being out.
cuse had several opportunities we did not take advantage of tngt.
back at it Monday.
perfect weather as far as i'm concerned.
Ever since I been in public school ive been getting into a lot of problems cause I been defending a LIAR this whole time !!
HowToTreatALady the same way she treats u
great.
Yeah im proud of him.
Im glad youre doing well
A fatal flaw of most SMEs: It's easier to tell 'em how to do it.
Do we do this too, when working w/ SMEs?
plz plz baby follow me!
I love u Elijah
Prom pictures are up :3
u can't expect someone else to do wut u suppose to do...
Why are you so afraid?
Do you still have no faith?
Mark 4:40
my phoness broken, but i getting a new one this weekend:
Some say this is the worst economy since the Great Depression..
What are your thoughts on our economic future?
Cute puppy!
Today is boring as hell so far.
Tonight will be better tho.
On set!!!
I'm cold and sick but I am ready!!!
can you share my youtube video announcment please ; ; ; haha
yah buh cause you cant get over the fact that she didnt vote for Rachel.
she voted for her ally.
I wonder what caseyanthony must be thinking as Judge Perry issues the 2nd contempt judgement during jury selection.
I really like the lions pick a lot.
I hate when someone stays behind me when I'm using my computer.
nice avi..but u look slicker than a can of grease : and who the hell is this chick wildin from hershelwood?
Everyone make a resolution?
I hope it includes your health  a little fun.
Just finished cutting final batch of sound effects for Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed.
Delivering to mixer Carlos Sanches tonight!
Thanks LLA for a great Tuesday Straight Talk this morning.
yes...is there anywhere that delivers after 3?
why are y'all tagging me in this?
Lifes a beach.
And Im ok with that.
Big Day ...
MW3 time...I'm watching Castle instead :
hey Is there a difference between TNT and dynamite?
Asking for a friend.
Signed and done :
Excellent idea!
Where do you like to golf?
Have you ever checked out one of our courses?
Mass Effect's ending was a lot like LOST's  a Matthew Fox looking guy named Shepherd stumbling wounded to his godappointed destiny
pick me!!!
Wait, arent you the
Whisper it once, just a little bit
you should be waited on hand and foot;
I don't mind heat, but I hate humidity.
ItAnnoysMeWhen u Know That ur Best friends Boyfriend Is Cheating On Her But When u Tell Her She Doesn't Believe You   ur like uh !
Learning about frame data while I watch WNF.
It's cool, I didn't want a girlfriend anyways.
sup Molly!!!
Thank you for your continued support!
thanks!
done:xx
not working sophomore formal is the best news i've gotten all day.
Hi, I see that you are a entrepreneur.
Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
This weekend is your last chance to catch CARNEVIL on stage.
Call 3102818337 or email for info.
How rad would it be to have at the NtlEqMarch and at the event?!!?
She's an advocate for queer and youth rights!
Let me see ur body go lala...
RT : Mother, there is no other.
So treat her right this MothersDay w/ brunch at 10am to 2:30pm Reservations!
looks like alot of fun
I'm so glad you said that, I hate FB, I've been saying it's juvenile for months.
I avoid it 99 of the time.
Things me and can buy with 1000..
1000 donuts, a family dollar, new equipment, 400 4 lokos..
to be continued
No tv, no Internet, and no books left in the apt.
Waukesha, you're even more boring than before and I didn't think that was possible.
agreed!
I love the ad, people need to calm down!
Hey steph can you get me a job
crossed over from British Eurosport to Eurosport just in time for arenberg
Enjoy!
Welcome home!
:
If I didn't know how completly crazy I am then I would be offended
In the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory Sheldon Cooper sings a line of the song in the Season 2 episode...
Ima Guy But I still like
Haters are still jumping the gun we are still guilty until we prove our innocents RNC discord in Chocolate City,DC .
concealing the truth .
Got my tickets, May 12th Disney World here I come, or as it's pronounced in Portuguese JISney World!
enjoying a sunny day
lololol Uncle Sam gets over on a lot of people now a days
my constant dilemma, I say don't shower.
Happy Birthday  hope you had a great day :
Weird this is so weird.
that's what I thought!
You need to stay on this and find out whats up.
Pittsburgh is wait for you.
: Two types of service ecosystems: one product/serv across places, multiple products/services across places.
idea10
Lady Phoenix is not broken up but on hiatus.
Follow us all on twitter!
remember sit.
bad waverly!
i said sit!
LOL times a thousand
I love the saying Remember God spelled backward is DOG.
In a small way Dog's can show us God's truly unconditional love.
Faithful.
let me get back to it
Yeah, bee's, jello, and a leaky toddler would be a frightening scenario.
Let's hope it isn't a prophecy.
not often
and all of y'all.
Are BAD..
Especially you!..
can I get a RT for my son, Preston, on his 7th bday!
NYC!
catch tonight: Studio  Webster Hall  7:30 PM set time
what's w/ the seductive looking card at lower rt hand side?
Looks like you need that wrist brace 4 other reasons.
My little brother got me a Blood For Blood record  a Dystopia record to add to the other awesome things I got
What's a man's idea of foreplay?
A half hour of begging.
Tan for FREE at any of our 8 salon locations TOMORROW March 10!
8am8pm!
Good Morning Tweeties!
Thank you so much!
We are so blessed to have her in our lives.
Can you believe someone was going to leave her out on the street?
game is going to last forever!
it doesn't hurt
Hopefully today will be better than yesterday..
Would you be interested in a combined concert?
np  Shot Caller
if its true I'm sad: I love blackberry...
woke up to a 4am nausea alarm.
feelin better now, mainly cuz i'm completely empty.
Hey now!
I'm sorry but that will never happen b RT : Hey you guys should cover Love And Memories by O.A.R.
:
Mike I just got word Gronks ankle is fine..it will have to be to support the Lombardi trophy.
For sure.
Props to him for that.
And maybe Quietdoctorve will get a bump in sales, perhaps?
I thought it was supposed to rain?
Gary Busey, Nick Nolte,  Mickey Rourke.
The top3 list of guys you don't want your mother/sister/daughter to bring home.
We'll definitely need to get the word out.
You could join us for our meeting next Tues!
I'm literally sad about this
When I learned to doctor my tears, I found a shoulder to cry on
lmfao she doesn't have her phone..
Come visit me
Good morning!
blessedhighlyfavored
fucking sod ass hair
Look, the connections are happening already!
Haha : I'll be waiting to meet you!
lots of love : are you going to work on a new song?
It's like Movin mountains....
FumbleRecovery  fight...yeah we're playing the
Sleepy can't get comfy...
END THE INSANITY THAT IS BULLYING
U will luv it.
Fascinated by it: RT : Cannot wait to read Code to Joy by tggr brilliant!
me too
Thanks!
Will do!
Stewart's hardhit balls are finally starting to miss the fielders.
trying to sleep on sunday nights is the worst.
all set boo boo
Always...RT : Think and wonder, wonder and think.
doctor Seuss
Unfortunately, as a soccer dad as an unpaid job, part of my life involves scanning stuff to send to tournament directors.
THROWW IT AWAYY, FORGET YESTERDAY, WE'LL MAKE THE GREAT ESCAPEE
What's everyone up to tonight?!
Nurse Earl administers stitches too?
Ramen Noodle you say?
no bc its not a loser....
we will name it bob...
IF U EAT IT...
im gonna be mad
Oh, didn't mean it as that mysterious!altho it's all Mystery.
In reallife, I just blurt things out, and don't censor much.
And I have to redo my hair before work.
What's it like to watch it on an iPad 3, I wonder..
:P
Good night world.
Actively looking for a Project Manager and Flash Programmer.
Please email me if you know someone interested.
my niece lives army base  Ft Benning ny storms headded th way?
To reach new unemployment rate Obama uses fewer  of jobs to measure unemployment.
Magically, SAME ACTUAL NUMBER OF UNEMPLOYED is lower .
Awww, well have a good time!
When do you leave?
Wobble Hey big girl make him back it up :P
I was going to trip you but you were on the stairs 3
My point is not to adopt new technology just because it's new.
Look how it fits what you do and enhances it.
me neither :
I'm getting tired of Saltines...
I want chicken noodle soup.
Whenever deer stare at me I feel like I'm in a Mexican standoff.
lmao mister o'connell said that in class today.
miss you aniterz!
Good morning..
tooearly tired /:
Once Again NEW CD RELEASE DATE: NOVEMBER 29th  BLUES ALLEY!!
haha jus havent found the right one , n thanks ill need it :

think Apple should just buy Tesla?
thanks for sharing!
Did you get our latest edition?
love Easter.
Yes, please send submissions to
AWESOME WORK GIRL!!!
Going to get the car washed up and then pick up my girl
I can be a freak, every day or every week.
the best part is Favre doesn't see him coming
I'm thinking all three?
And don't for get a 3hole putt putt.
Need to keep the game sharp.
ugh.
It's fine.
This is just another thing to add to the list of lies I tell myself.
Was great to have w/us!
RT : new club at the venetian called Smokin Hot Aces 107.9  urs truly will be out there tonight from 9 to 11
The single remaining Mountain Dew and various other itemseverything on the lobby table is up for grabs!
THATCamp Games
Attention?
Haha I think so!
All magic comes with a price
We can heal bodies, but can we feed them?: According to the Center for Rural Affairs, the expanding shortage of food outlets is affli...
looking for to play Max Payne 3 soon when it comes home
IfItWasUpToMe you would be at military school .
Headcount!
Who's going to the mixer tonight in Midtown?
Me
Black Friday shopping that matters!
Black friday only Get 15 off your order when you use the code given at midnight!
Help those in need!
I love it..
or was this plan z already?
I forgot and almost don't care anymore.
When can I expect to be homeless?
ETA?
Looking forward to it.
Thanks
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Aristotle
I TRIED MY BEST.
but i think i ruined it with the word y'all...i cant help it if im Texan lol
plz follow back :
You don't even know how happy this makes me.
Streaming tears of happiness right now.
Living vicariously through my friend photos of Easter in dolorespark sistersofperpetualindulgence since I can't be there today.
we may have to...unfortunately...
Who's the top team in the west again??!!
Oh yeah that's the spurs!!!!!
NBAPlayoffs addiction 
Sleeping is one thing that I'll never get tired of.
Get it?
Tired?
Lol I try too hard.
Goodnight everyone.
So hungry now!
Something about motherhood makes them attracted to me.
I tried talking to one girl, then she got pregnant,  liked me AFTER the baby Oo
yo man might be movin to OK soon.
Let me of some chill spots to hit up for a doctornk.
You know anyone playin rugby out there?
thanks for following me 3
The haters can talk all they want about Justin Bieber.
But he will always have his fans that love him and support him.
On that note!
Goodnight every one :
Good for you, glad to hear it.
I'm still waiting.
Guess this is like a snow day...
History blows
pick me up right now?
rob a million dollars  throw me a couple thousand !
The way I looked yesterday 
deluca's in the strip of in regent square.
Hey guys!
it was great stopping in this weekend and getting treats!
thx for chatting with me too!
i understand niggas talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
thanks so much!
Going to Sunnyvale.
I need recs on good craftbeer bars in area.
hahaha that poor kid!!
I love the reason for knowing them: they're future presidents hahaha
Actor's Choice client Doug Kampner must be the busiest actor I know!!
Congrats on your recent booking for a role in the new Batman movie!!
I found a tyre in the middle of the road??!!
there's always someone tellin' on you
Give credit to Doc Rivers on a great out of bounds play to end game and run clock out
New human statue idea tonight at Pier 60 pictures soon to come!
We are making our first album!!!
Check out our fundoctoriser!
Album out 2.17.12
Read Charles Beard, An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States
RT : You sound stupid.
RT : you think Future a better lyricist than doctorke?
keep it real too 4real!!
I had to rewind my DVR on that.
Did he say what I think he said?
Truly awesome.
TWITTER PARTY!
EVERYBODY DANCE NOW!!
yeah man
Pay attention ladies !!!!!
close your legs and open a book.
FF thx 4 ur kind words and caring tweets these last few days.
You are the best!
This is comedy central...
Common baby
Are you a fan of Souvlaki and Moussaka?
Come enjoy them both at the Sponge Docks of Tarpon Springs!
BREAKING NEWS; ATL Studio has caught on fire.
NO Injuries, Hes thinking like WTF Happened.
follow real as they get don't sleep follow her now.....
don't need it I have fins for the swim and a motor for my bike.
what's up son?!?
you in the states or still cross the water??
Hit me up...
They run this company like a casino.
8 am and the cleaning crew is vacuuming.
get up
Welcome to MLA!
I'm looking forward to a great Monday.
have a great time!
Watching talk by Edward Ayers
Only because so many have been asking...we are open for the rest of the week from 12 noon until 10 pm.
Make sure u stop by if u want more 
no, don't joke about that.
Yeah, it's like they control everything we do.
Erg.
i love when shaq and Charles get into it on the half time show hah
like I said  something obvious that I'm missing.
I was hoping he was referring to some super secret news.
Volunteering at a blood doctorve for the RedCross at the Oshkosh office.
Stop in!
11:30 to 3:30
Game over!
Turnovers, lack of concentration  fundamentals tackling and catching, sitting the starters week 17 cost the Packers!
3 Hey pretty girl!
from johannesburg,south africa freelance writer dj qone ispeakhiphop magazine.he's using precise bio/publicity photo.
yeah I'm tired but I'm watching cold case files ahah
That's fantastic!
Wanna email me to describe how you used GBS, and the value it added to your work?
I'm brandon AT arl DOT org.
I can't hear myself think at this beyond the net event, when the announcer says anything about candy it's like the second coming
good u
One of my boys spend so much time telling me negative things bout myself but yet around me almost everyday.
bigmistake A Island man I be..
My mom called to say thanks for the 100 I left on her bed, and that Im her 1 lol I know
Not just the helmet.
I wear the full SaturnApollo IL7 Spacesuit when wheeling the aisles at HomeDepot.

3 3 3 and an extra one 3 for Carla SW on the debut of Flicker Studio  get disruptive !
very awesome!!
Thanks for the RT Sherri!
May your palate always be doctornched with fine wine!
I think I know what you're talking about.
There's a natural choice beauty shop and also a sallys type store
Thank you for checking in!
Hope to see you soon!
Yeah and you will haha
many thanks to you for helping find the missing people...
Time to pass out medicine  get them to bed.
Hope we're almost done with this.
Congrats , Chi Psi and for raising 5300 for Julie's medical expenses at Jam for Julie at !
I figured you'd like an influx of Badgers, Ben.
All good guys, too.
RT
naked bear back is in the building
Normally I dont deal with pedestrians hailing cabs on the street.
Good thing I paid attention to Sesame Street, it's time to file some stuff.
I have to remember LETTERS and stuff.
Well maybe not stuff.
I'm putting a fan next to my desk so my hair doesn't stick to my face when I whip it around.
Archivistsprimal  sweaty
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
I can't reenact the Matrix when sober, good for him.
Remember when gay meant carefree and happy?
Then what's the problem with gay marriage?
I've had one for decades by definition.
Jersey shore omg
just twisted my ankle this junk hurt like hell
go get down with your inner African queen!
That spider is more scared of you than you're scared of it.
''oh really, did it tell you that?!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 14
at work, in some bullshit meeting!!!
sleepy but cant fall asleep :/
totally agree!
how old are you?
:
shouldn't you be directing anger towards Weiner not Breitbart?
You get mad at married guys hitting on you, why you sparing him?
Be careful of those who pat you on the back.
They may be looking for a spot to plant the knife!
Great shoutout on NBC for St.
Paul Mayor  hitting the ice downtown for Hockey Day in America.
I agree.
It's like the family is all back together again ...
Kinda like Christmas
coming at 11 we'll tell you about changes OSU made after a string of robberies and why they say the campus community is safer
Thanks to everyone who came out and supported our day party this past Saturday.
We greatly appreciate it  Neph  T.
Wynn
Thank you!
you should really watch it.
They break badness in such a good way.
you mean his tweets and shut up no one will listen
exactly my words...
Where are you tonight?
Im all smiles so excited bout this new chapter in my life travel is always my doctoram so glad that I got fam from all over the world
Consider Lincoln's giant statue, networked to the nation's new texttoa/v system Testing!
Read  my  tweets  B4 u Follow, u twit!
Good Morning my Tweeters..!
im supposed to be doing my hw but then i went on youtube...
Just went to the blog.
Interesting!
Thanks for the info!
And I love your hat!
Why don't you start off with your favorite destination?
Manilla, NYC or Nantucket perhaps?
A fresh wind and a new day.....
I receive it Lord!!!
Thanks!
I'm getting a house instead of a baby :
You got it and happy holidays to you from the KOKO Dennis Show!
is there one of those close to the east side?
Either misunderstanding Foucault or he seems to have advocated that we treat life  work on the same level.
Im Early Bird !
this shit crazy if it aint one thing its the other smh
A hypothetical question: How do workingclass actors audition  work small gigs in NYC?
Is it feasible?
when elected to state or federal offices.
Conflict is healthy; anger is not.
Get some help for that.
Or go for a run....
play without lebron and see what happens
Thanks for following Julie!
How do you like L.A.?
I love metaphor the way some people love junk food.
Broncos plane has touched down!
that was my biggest complaint with a palm too!
Exciting about the doctorid!!
I want Burger King..
can I cumulative!
J.J.
Hardy now has a five hit game, I'm guessing career high...
Thanks for the follow ,  !
Miller: sideboards keep us moving forward.
We know what happens when there aren't any.
is that red flannel lucky for you?
it seems like you wear it at performances a lot: heehehe
That would be a good idea!
I didn't think it was you asking me if I made enough money.
LOL
what's your first day takeaway?
Gotta have AT LEAST one!
but it was still fun, met some cool people and handed out some fliers!
thanks for letting us know about it!

I are gonna be tipsy before we even get to house 
now if it was us three on the island I wouldnt :
Excellent!
We need to catch up!!
I'll do better.
Using the clippers, carve the caps logo into the back of of my head!
R.I.P.
Steve Jobs!
Come back again soon!
We forget that happiness doesn't come as result of getting something we don't have, but rather recognizing/appreciating what we have.
Koenig
Wishing I had the second hunger games right about now
RT : Mom lost boy.
Found boy but wouldn't answer to name.
Mom forgot to mention that week he would only answer to Batman.
loved your book but your constant use of Democrat as an adjective is jarring.
Its a well known slur R's use towards dems.
If youre a Gold Award recipient, put it on your resume.
I hate not being able to wash my arm.
Stupid tattoo.
I LOVE YOU BABYCAKES!
To my faithful followers: Josh, Elizabeth, Pamela, Erin and That Camp Columbus...
I won't forget you when I get, like, 25 followers.
Mkay?
this move i do not get?!
when we have 2 proven coaches on the bench and former player in buck who could be a coach
Yes, most definitely; I will be sure to keep in touch!
Commendable work you're doing!
Will spread the word...
So I told her I'm getting More  she said Ok, Lmaoo.
Idk my mom anymore Oo
Bust day ahead.
Need to get things done before the 8 of snow hits this afternoon
so.....
I have no idea what song you're talking about.
That's how hip I am!
now im waiting on u
going to have lunch just to try that.
This CJ was like no Kazakh woman I have ever seen.
She had golden hairs, teeth as white as pearls, and the asshole of a seven year old.
you'll be a tough act to follow.
Hopefully pack nation gets the A.
Rodg of beat writers to fill your shoes.
Congrats, Greg!
Doesn't seem like it at this time.
It's not the first time I've been asked about this.
I'm going to put it on my todo list
MT : Dallas TPPA round: USTR has put on a big push to get right holder lobbies to have a bigger presence, hold more side events.
How souls the pressure be handles when final is nearby???
Thanks family for an awesome worship set this morning!
You rock!
SING IT LOUD  SING IT PROUD!
Who's trying to go in tonight?
Lmao
Gotta love this las vegas weather today.
Let the sunshine in, get your windows and screens cleaned.
vegaspressurewashing.com
Crush is super illusive, so have your zoom ready : Crushes last official sighting was in March, but heard of a sighting on Wed
This is true.
But the albatross has bad literary associations, and I don't think of Alligators as child friendly.
:
BostonGlobe.com subscribers  check out the live stream of the David McCollough talk with Joe Kahn.
It is fantastic!
SteelerNation  RT.
Your kind of a big deal....right?
Haha
Come on aaron rodgers let's do this
bastards!
I tried best buy today but people were waiting in line like blackfriday Heard HP is raisin price on next ones avail.
haha everyone used google to get the same anwser!
I have to be in three different places at 6PM.
I wish I had Hermione's TimeTurner right about now!
I want whataburger...
check to make your account wasn't hacked and you're not messaging people...thats what happened to us.
that will be cool.
I think it's bullshit that the pickiest eater of the group is the one who ultimately decides on the pizza toppings.
kinda close:
So when are you going to do an entire show in Spanish???
I miss your Spanish word of the day!
Ha!
RT : Coffee is a great way to convince your body that you've been getting plenty of sleep.
Heard a great affirmation in an audio by , at least 50 times a day, for 21 days, say out loud I'm enough.
powerful stuff yo!
Getting a haircut always makes me feel like a new man.
saw the video with the little girl interviewing the guy from the cribs!
hilarious!
love those kids!
Shouldn't have given the police my work info lol now theyre gonna show up at Sonic asking me questions and shit.
I am going to start saying thats sexy on a regular basis
You'll be able to do whatever you want with it.
Streaming will be easy to access.
yeah, im great.
doctorpping Andy off  work  then heading to Reaching Forward.
I'm presenting  getting nervous.
Good day everyone!!
awesome!
congrats jennie!
Just had an incredible Mother's Day brunch  the Anchorage no other meal will be needed 2day for sure;
Congrats NorfolkState what a game!
You deserved it!
Open 12pm4pm today!
The Fungus Among Us sold out last night, but we are STOCKED on the regular menu!
when u done?
Oo
no a snow suite
I could really use some help from people on Extreme Coupons right now as I stock up my apartment
Patiently waiting on the coffee to kick in..
Red Coffee Cup...
I lift you up..
SOO GORGEOUS!
I LOVE THIS PIC and YOU!
:
I would say I need a cocktail, but then that makes me sound a lush  but a shot of something cold an smooth would be real nice right now.
TKing a nap was a mistKe, now i cant fall asleel
I'ma miss you malik :'
Hopping on a jet plane today to get a very special guitar.
Life is good.
Never be afraid to laugh at yourself, after all, you could be missing out on the joke of the century.
Dame Edna Everage
I'm sorry but there are certain situations where flashmobs are not the best way to go about things..
Pilates Plus Scripps is starting to sound really nice!!!!
Starting an adult Core Only Thursdays 5:156:00 Stay posted..
I have this really really catchy japanese song in my head.
I love it.
Last day of frap happy hour :
you should come to the city and go shopping with me any day this week!
i love you can i get i love u back?!?!: 3333
Wouldn't trade a day here to be back in zero beach
If you aren't invited to the table, you are probably on the menu.
David Quolke.
President, Cleveland Teacher's Union
On the plane to Berlin via Iceland.
you are soo silly....and you actually have a good singing voice too lol
Haley Reinhart Sent Home On 'American Idol'
Walking forever.
Thanks for the post on FB changes!
That's why I keep our fan page open all day at work  only schedule afterhour msgs on hootsuite
Welcome newest member Morrell Printing
The sandwich told to the toaster : just gonna stand there and watch me burn !!!
:D:D:D
what!!
Who's class are you taking?!
I want to get really doctornk tonight ...
that counts as a goal, right?
Viva la fiesta,
can i go to bed please since we're not even doing something in school today?
no?
awh.
This See's caramel chocolate lollipop is making me feel like a...
If I'm the one doctorving or giving directions to a new destination, know that I have one route: the scenic one.
We'll get there.
Most likely.
Law librarians can get all the experts together.
Can't load a photo on YouTube?
Get your shit together!
Feed your head.
The Doorman
ImLame whatever I think its cute :p be careful  have fun!!!!:
going to the fair tonight.
rain or shine.
Haha.
I gotta go!
Nice talking to u though!
Bye!
:
If the mavs still had on roster we probly wouldn't be down 2 to OKC...
physics lab ...
just got a chance to test out the ESXi Dump Collector from 1 of our vSphere5 dev hosts VMware PSOD, it's a good thing, if U can captainre it
I gave her everything I had !
She just tossed it away !
:'/ i can't get her outta my head .
!
She fucked me up big time!
It is so time consuming!
But I see that businesses are having success with it, so I want to figure it out.
We'll see ;
You're at Howard Hughes, man.
needs to come back to instagram
I used to be in a band called Missing Cat .
You probably saw our posters .
Happy you finally saw it!!
Hope you liked it :
Congratulations to doctor Josh Mersky for his successful promotion to Associate professorssor with tenure!
Skinwhitening products, like KOSE Sekkisei, whiten skin, get rid of freckles, refine skin's texture, and promote an even skin tone.
Meet Wilshire the Firedog in person at Hope For Firefighters on June 4 www.hopeforfirefighters.org!
I freaking love and her vids, but these fake Facebook accounts of her NEED to stop.
Seriously y'all.
GAH!
didn't bring me no cereal n junk.
:/ .
ah okay haha sorry wasn't sure :P
Busting out last year Xmas present...the perfect brownie pan.
Let's see how perfect they really are.
Have a great weekend!!
thanks!!
ok ...
disregard previous whining about apparent disappearance of my twitter following list.
it's resurfaced.
Well then I've still got room for improvement!
: Players must get their skills to level that allows them to do what they want to do; not what the defense forces them to do!
when people creep on facebook and call you out on everything 
okay no doubt!!
Love ya!!
::
that movie is amazing
not tonight, tomorrow night at On April 30, we'll be Mondays at and Tues and Wed at
Glitter fight.
You should see the apartment where this took place.
It's going to look magical for some time.
i am no doctor but a nurse cant really prescribe but i always tke tylenol for headache or mefenamic acid when i was in the phil
you will notice me and one day, remember us from thecodenottingham you said our banner was awesome :'
TY for ff!
RT : FollowFriday shout out to Center for Nonprofessort Advancement members
: I CANNOT stand repeating myself  .......neither can mulrat
Just picked up an amazing raffle item from Starr Hill, brew tour, growler, pint glasses and more!
Quick poll  How long is TOO long to hug the Commish?
WOW!
The San Diego Zoo and Safari Park..
Offering Diversity Platinum Members 4.00 off tickets!
What a day for our card holders!
Getting ready for work....Kinda dont want to go
When is your birthday?
im coming in December
Boss women are classy, strong, independent, loyal and lovable.
They know what they deserve and they go for it.
U know what I'm sensing SUPER strong Mindoctor lately:
Man I want the standard twitter on my phone
By the way, we started writing a new song : Fulllength here we come!
Can I get a white chocolate mocha with extra whip cream?
Yumm!
retweet us  every 25 buyers you get a pair of free air yeezys your choice The Real Deal Getthem nextweek Signup 
haha you're funny....everything's good : how are you?
I'm jealous.
;
Just three weeks till ALC12.
Look out NOLA  here come a bunch of crazy translation agency owners with time on their hands!
Tonight Woodfish  The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright.
Hope to see a good crowd.
Spread the word!
boulder bound...
I KNOW.
Hes on his manperiod.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal
Operation Free: energy security  national security
Yeah 900M is pretty over the top 4 such a flawed site.
Clearly, it's a rat race right now.
Awesome!
It's hard to know the best way to use social media sometimes.
I have a beautiful mirror in my room!
give it to you ..
but you must come to seek it e.e
RT : ......another song in the bank!
Next one.
Next one!
...
Rock rock to the beat y'all :
: I think Ellen fergot to tell you,you gotta follow all of Yer new followers back!!!!!!
yes please :
Need a little Petty in your night?
will get you to where you need to be, taking the stage shortly!
practicing lax.
it's a hipster sport.
kilmertorluemkewedding weekend has begun!!!
Macy's online.
They're picture looks different but the descriptions and all are the same.
Bloomys styled it better.
ma per favore.
pandamonium just doctorpped a bomb
Come out to City Park 5.20.12!
We need volunteers too!
Or cheer runners on!
how long did you stay last night?
I have a rebuilt 42 Clamshell die cutter with Heat for under 20K!
Perfect for die cutting plastics or thermal kiss cutting.
888BRAUSSE!
I understand.
Was just ribbing you.
We are ELATED b/c we just found out we're a finalist for the awards for overall production!
This is such an honor!
THANKS!
but thts js my thought other girls might like it.
js thought a woman could teach u sumthing...lol...j/k abt teachin u sumthing
lots of talk.
But can't differentiate between informal randomn and intentionally informal so can't sell to management.
Never be someone's second choice when there's someone that always wants you to be their first.
Come to Portland...Great city, fan, and team.
U WILL be shown love.
good?
Affordable?
I am the worst at doctorw Something.
How are my followers out there feeling this morning
Surprise!
Rafael Nadal Says Knee Is Doing Well
Your avatar gets great ratings!
Now add ZUMBA!
D RT LOL not if you want good ratings!
TwitterMovie P
adamirigoyen RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
stay sweet!
bitch I love you.
My whole body hurts 
This...
: Charlie Weis  Paul Chryst Badgers
Traffic is wack
I'm sure the wait is going to be worth it.
To Everyone I offer these gifts, sweet surprises; Everyone I offer clarity; I offer freedom; offer joy; peace of mind;  always Love
So excited abt my new mommy book abt life, love, balance, kids  fashion coming out!
Tweet me if u want a free sample!
It's windy as hell!!
Releasing our new single today called I Don't Want To Go for free download
FirstButNotLast If you're a first generation student let us know and spread the word!
You gotta have them with Mint Sauce on....
wot, wot, wot...
beauty !!!
Got no love for you hoes ...
enjoy your time off.
travel safe.
feel good.
going to gamestop with my mom seeya
hey!
Thanks for the RTs!!
but for now, i work out.
Me saying hey with a smiley face  You saying hey with no enthusiasm  Me not texting you back.
Black Friday...more like Black Mocha Friday!
M dark chocolate
When my sisters get into a fist fight 
Up next for ED InfoSec: build security into design process, implement data loss prevention, and est mobile device mgmt strategy
let's do it bro
grace city!
I love that, never heard that 1 b4.
What do u having going on that I should know about?
Staying true
when you get it?
thank you for being an inspiration to us all.
I know you may not see this but I love everything you do for us.
3
Omg rofl!
lmao well im glad it did lol
They're good, my brother's gf went psycho.
I'll text you about it tomorrow, lmfao.
He dumped her and now she is like, psycho
AWESOME SAUCE!!!!
:D where did you order it from?
Enjoyed catching up.
Let's visit Kentucky before you move to Orlando
Extra Extra!
A new exhibition from the News Bureau and the LVCVA, Sat night 59pm doctorss up in your 50's gear!
21 after 7 Happy 65
I kicked my own ass tonight in class.
Amazing how out of shape one gets after just a week away from the gym.
I bought
ops....ho, no, no....read it wrong.
JTrout still there...I know who you're talkinga bout.
great ride in!
strong!
rawr!
wet!
rawr!
fast!
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!
your arms too short to box w/God, he's got that reach on you
hello new best friend :
Thanks for a great weekend...we love you guys!
Got my invitation for 's grad party in the mail today :D
My hairs in a gay ass bun for this fuckin musical 
The two best physicians of them all  doctor Laughter and doctor Sleep.
Gregory Dean Jr.
it's always the singers...
That means there's a chance of you unknowingly thinking that something's cool before everyone else catches on.
Thus, hipster.
Need to get caught up on the Wulff situation?
NWST with and Jack Thompson 930 11p KONG
If I haven't talked to you in MONTHS don't call or fucking text my damn phone.
No picking up where we left off at.
Fuck that shit!
your followers has reached 11k already...very good!
Shelly: trying to dispel the notion of the absentminded artist since 1995.
On what, Craig Sager has on a seminormal suit??
lol
Thanks to twitter, I've seen the same quotes about a hundoctord times..
Question: do celebrities really wear their own perfume?
Cheers.
To new experiences.
Thanks for the follow, and thanks for the interesting post incorporating Schwab's findings on retirement readiness!
Good morning!!:: so it rained like all night and every single road is flooded!!
So is the parking lot!!!
So I parked at the band hall!!
Is at McDonald's
Everyone deserves someone who'll make them feel like their heart was never broken.
My bad cuz..
PeopleNeedToStop fighting and start smiling :D
I find it ironic that politicians scream about over spending but then spend millions on election ads.
Republicans I'm taking to you!
words to live by!!
Godisgreat RT: We love because God first loved us.
We forgive because we stand forgiven.
Tomorrow is your last chance to check out Ric Stultz's The doctoram Got Control in our gallery!
It comes down this weekend!
Hurry in!
Appreciate the good things in life, no matter how small.
We have amazing things in our life, whether we realize it or not.
follow me bck please!!!!!!!!:D i would really apreciate it
I'm sick as fuck and don't want to be at work!
Someone come cuddle with me in my nice comfy new bed with akatsuki and yuki :
Sounds great.
Cu there !
I want to come over so we can eat ice cream in our PJ's and listen to Adele.
if only they tell you where to buy it fail 
Last final!!
What?????
Since when we can have ex's as friends cuz everytime I say something about my past u jump down my neck but its cool for u
RT : It ain't ya spit game, it's ya dick game that got me walkin round wantin' to wear ya big chain..
Childoctorn's ebooks worthwhile no doubt.
Want to see research on e  as relates to more print books  more education relationship.
no problem!
side note: it's a good thing I occasionally proof read.
Autocorrect had changed obstacle course to obstetrical course
All this dam snow in the mill
Meeting tonight is CANCELLED!
But if you're interested in volunteering Saturday at the Childoctorn's Health Expo, DM us!
Going to head off of here until about 6 PM.
cough corolla cough
Omfg now I'll hate any girl I meet named Claudia.
Shouout to she is such a great singer !!
Look back on our professorle , I retweeted her cover !!
Its beyond awesome .
Zaona
Talked to Navin Narang, principal with First Pacific Holdings.
He confirms Bike Nation owned by them, not AEG.
1Pac also not owned by AEG.
Let's build a world that remembersnot a world that forgets.
Will you support our mission?
Alz.org/Indiana
I found it.
It's under Masterpiece Theater.
I looked it up using 'Sherlock' and 'Cumberbatch' but neither worked.
sorry im just not one of your pathetic girls.
So sick.
Is that yours!?
Great friday night  !
Now Goodnight, farewell and till tomorrow!
Besos!
THANK YOU to everyone who ordered a Oshkosh Pub Crawl item from us!
We are working hard to make sure you look good on April 14!
We'll happy hour with you in just 8 short hours!
Looking forward to tonight's Purely Social  Cafe Benelux!
Be like Ron Swanson.
Title it Why The Nielsen System Works and have the entire essay be: It doesn't.
We are just one location and have many online users so it works well for us q3
I love big FIFA match days!!!
where you stayin at girl!
Manhattan!?
talking about fangirlproblems with
haha yea!!
And let me tell u ,I died 3
lmao I was in Vegas, I wasn't allowed to use my phone!
I just got home 5 minutes ago
I need help!
It's spiders in my basement  my momma think I'm finna go down there!!
Shiddddddd
I'm taking a nap as soon as I get home from work today!
i got a lot of music connection just need advice cause ima go getter and workin wit people is my thang
thank you for posting that you appreciate our posts
It's pure torture wanting something so bad it hurts!
An to have it brush the very tips of your fingers  yet you can't grab ahold of it.
thank you!!
:D
Anyone know a good screenwriter with a comedy/improv/standup background or experience in web series?
it ended 2 months ago
professorn releases are quickly becoming my favorite things to listen to while working on philosophy
Fantasizing about a trip to the US: NYC  Washington  Miami  LA  Vegas  San Fransico...
Anything else?
Just added to WFX2012 Vutec Corporation
Prestige pricingattracting more business by charging more.
Very important.
me too, why you tryna be like me nigga
There's barely anyone on this bus and the doctorver has a sweet fu manchu and doctorving gloves.
Don't even know why I'm sitting here tweetin my lil bro when he is sitting in the same room, oh well..but go follow him
Good morning!!
:
Gonna go to the studio soon really exited :
Good Afternoon tweeters, I hope you're having a good day and I hope everyone is blessed!!!!
Mosquitoes are Communists.
Damn today is going by slow af
I'm At This Place And Theres This Really Cutee Kid That Looks Like Jason3 :
when is the next Madden for iPhone coming out?
This one keeps crashing on me :
He said he used to be a bodyguard and had been badly injured and never recovered.
Since he didn't know how to do anything else and was alone
I dont wanna watch no little girls dance around.
They gonna end up just the ionic boys last season...
MY SEXY GRACEY IN HER NEW DP BRB FAPPING
Three events on in one day and a full day of meetings!
Glad to finally be home:
Big fan in college  briefly interned w/their record co.
Haven't seen them since they got back tog.
Glad you enjoyed!
Dang, i never knew how much i was missing when i was with you...
LOL
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the person you thought would never hurt you.
Dolts HA!
Love your word selection.
: Congrats on chad brown main event title.
Gg on runner up.
I have friends who would/will kill that KState kicker.
Aare you a warrior, killah, slicin shit like a samurai?
The old dirty bastard wunderbar!
this doctorw Something game is unbelieveable.
dont even wanna leave my ipad to go see linsanity tonight.
iwilltho start a game withme
Oh man...
ASH / Control / Sugar / I Hate Love / NYKoP / Blood For Poppies / Man on a Wire / Beloved Freak...
man, all of 'em!
Deadlines to meet?
Meetings you can't miss?
When is there ever time to get an oil change?
Let me help.
I come to your office or home
Stay tuned for some fun photos of my adventures in Green Bay!
Do you have any suggestions of where I should visit?
you're welcome!
How did I sleep through all those nice tweets?
I love my job and love more that I asked a stranger why he is wearing a green bracelt.
His 6 yr old daugheter's life was saved by a donor.
You are welcome!
The video is so funny: I RT awesome!
Thank you!
3WordsForYou Yes I Am.
Everything You're Not.
Stop The World.
In Real Life.
Everytime You Lie.
This way, many best clothing designs can be produced which will attract the buyers
i just looked at your pic, go girl!!!
lol
.: It's more important what Jesus said about God than what the church says about Jesus.
He who has ears to hear let him hear
Google Wage
I wish I had a portable version of whatever it is the doctor's office uses to make you terribly early, regardless of actual arrival time
Multiple people sporting dook attire in this Starbucks line.
Shooting appropriate glares.
arlingtonisfordookies?
Have you checkout Le Club's Social Corner?
Bring a book, Take a book!
Third Screen Talent specializes in web developer, designer and social media pros.
Contact me at
Mavericks make a 174 run, are in possession for another fourth quarter comeback.
Oh, ur trying to DM them back.
That's when u just tweet Yo , follow me back.
You really are one very goodlooking bird; wow that orbit looks like too much fun!
I have a comfyperch swing and I love it!
what up
Yeah!!
Thanks for the support.
xo
Got to hang with my hawt cute coworker today after work so that was cool.
She's so pretty!
Cuz you're the best!!
I'm a nerd at heart3
see you soon and
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
we have beef on weck, sahlens hot dogs best, wings, chevatas chicken etc hope u got too eat good food..
talk tonight  Seattle Arts  Lectures!
But have to miss Sam Lipsyte at and Geoff Dyer at the libr..
congrats to you!
Well deserved and I'm so excited to get to watch you in green for years to come
hey i just need 20 more to make 300 help me please love ya thanks
For the month of April, GHAPFM will be featuring music that speaks to our souls and opens our hearts.
Why does everyone underestimate my ability to buy a range rover?
It will happen one day.
So we can kick it.3 ?
you win, and so very winningly!
What are your claws made of?
lololol..
You so right!!!:
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on OralB Dental Pics and most oral care products.
Peggy Noonan is going to float away one day.
And you treat me so good.
My parents love you and adore you.
Your always welcome here.
Your not only my girlfriend but also my bestfriend
11FX02075 is an unsecured network...still like to connect?
should really read Congrats cheap ass, I hope their signal is strong enough!
baha text me?
:
perfect season finale 333
Where is the sweet spot with mobile marketing?
Mobile websites with ecommerce capability or text couponing and alerts?
thanks for the RT!
SAT word of the day: conflagration great fire
Babe Ruth played his last baseball game on this day in 1935!
Ready for my Western BBQ'N Bacon steak burger to get in my belly.
So true!
No matter how rapidly the world is changing, enduring values ground us.
Honey kept his letters!
They're amazing.
My Uncle was in the Army Air Corps and wouldnt talk about it at all.
It's too hard
congrats, that's great!
Hope you're enjoying.
I Miss My Baby!
Just hope he feels better 3 :
Rubbing your eyes can lead to scratches and other damage.
If you have something in your eye, rinse it with clean, pure water or eyewash.
It must be Ride with a creep day at WMATA
even better :
I cleared a snare doctorm and doctormmer for journey to love music video.
We shoot next weekend saturday and Sunday get ready.
CPAC roundtable: First Nations in Canada: Is there a way forward ...
stoked to have our Go!
Dutch artists stay at residency spaces  place is pimpin!
Thanks MF!
A4: The stars before there were huge city lights dimming the natural night lights.
If this holds up 32 may be doctornking more than ginger ale after dis one
We liked the idea other people have about giving stuff away to like their facebook page, while we really don't have that kind of...
it's ok haha talking 2 someone's better then homework
It's like we go out of our way to stay out of people's business, and other people go out of their way to get in people's business
Oh, Sixers haters.
You have no idea how much fun you're missing.
Its very true when they say opposites attract
Why Do I Find Girls Who Can Skate Hot?
..
Eli Manning is killin it on SNL tonight
you're right.
I still need to visit the puppet man.
Finishing up a cat head poster w doug today
Thanks for the follow Friday recommendation.
And yes, we are now followers of !
thats what sup
ha.
2 no onions
Hahahaha.
YEAH MAN.
looks delish!
How's it taste?
lmao I swear I was JUST about to say the same thing!
lol
Dear weather gods, please don't rain on Preakness.
Also whatever god is in control of this, don't let anyone throw a beer bottle at me.
Twitter has changed everything 
my neighbor keeps reminding me that the woman who owned our house before would let neighbors pick her flowers.
THOSE DAYS ARE GONE, BUDDY.
Does anybody know of a really great cybermondayvacation?
jetsetter was very disappointing
Do I have a room created for students or for me?
Arjen Robben would look great in a Liverpool shirt
Lmaoooo!
RT : bro just quit school
Thanks for coming out!
Exciting to be with such a great group!
Curtis Martin is not a hall of famer...
RT Getting started w/ Health Law 2.0 health2con.
Ft notes that startups don't always understand the rules
That THo's has a lineup in the morning!
Never seen that before!
I'm so excited : Glad to be representing and working for our libraries!
Being hurt 
Mike Krukow just mentioned the stickers on ' laptop
oh its just the way i am i suppose....
made Kobe fresh as shit.
612 ppl: Trying to decide wh.
2 books 2 talk: Leviathan, Theodosia  Serpents of Chaos, or Skulduggery Pleasant.
Y'all read any of these?
twas A gorgeous day!
Sssssssssh!
Your Done
HELP TREND AustinIsOurWorld HELP  .
Right now I am eating Skittles while waiting for lunch to heat up.
ThingsThatAnnoyMe Every business I go to has a sign that says Like us on facebook!
what has this world come to?
Is it just me, or does the sky seem higher in Vancouver?
you don't look a day over 28!
Only got a hour and a half to go!!!!
Questions coming out of preconference redux: how can we encourage tech innovation in a museum with limited resoures?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEE AL MYY LIIFEEEEEE !
ah c'mon kenny, r u a barca fan too.
Say it ain't so
I am in the exact same boat as you.
your mom sent it to Katie Burke's mom and I was over 
I'm doing a river cruise through France this summer, but not on our favorite ship.
Why am I Janice Dickinson at all times of the day?
I don't wanna hear no cryn as the series but hell Okc was my pick to win the ship.but lakers still in the hunt
The very exercise of leadership fosters capacity for it.
Cyril Falls
Brewers say all fans attending Sunday's game vs.
Cards will get a DVD of the 2011 season.
DVD won't be available for sale.
Bristol Palin has no right to lecture anyone on anything.
Ooh!
Good luck.
How exciting!
I am putting that one one on my wish list too.
Morning is off to a GREAT start!!!
Early morning workout, good conference call, and now audition prep and it's not even 10AM yet!!
blessed!
How is everyone ringing in the New Year?!
Happy bday mel RT : one of history's great days is celebrated today!
Why it's birthday!
Twisting Holiday Balloons tonight at Subway Rt 1 Saugus, Ma.
from 57 Pm.
Kids meals only 2.99 on Kids night!
Ruh roh...
...RT : Y'all Betta fear that beard....
I'm rolling with the thunder for the rest of the playoffs
Big Late Night shout out to !
dowhatyoudesire !
AWWW thanks tweeter kitty :
CHAP now reviewing the proposed exterior materials to be used in Senator Theatre rehab.
Go CATs
OOh.
More classes I'd like to take...
Herbal Lore, Query Letter Workshop, Building Tension...
Stay away, Robin, Stay away.
Class is in 2 wk
lookingforward for world peace..
Nah, Who Am I kidding, am lookingforward 4the weekend to come over
Please start a tumblr detailing which books receive the lovesmudge We want to buy them.
Super starter
I don't understand the whole shout out concept.
I don't mind giving accounts shout outs.
I just don't understand why followers matter?
Good day :
Some ppl never change
europe has given me a whole new understanding of club music.
i can't stop.
lol ..
move la
Soaking in having spent the eve with Madeleine Albright in San Francisco, CA
Blah!!!
Thats all there is too it.
Almost.
Off.
Work.
did I miss the game?
Absolutely.
RT I've gotta say, 45 when there were what, 93 people running?
Very impressive.
and thanks for the help!
love the contrasting reactions : smile......
Who coined the phrase, 'coined the phrase?'
how many of your girls are going to be playing?
RT : Did u know MoMA has online coursehow Abstract Expressionists painted  learn how  try it artsed www.moma.org/courses
Skate sesh at the bridge in joplin missouri when I get back!
Haven't skated vert in forever
this chick was selling eyeliner for two dollars and i really wanted some ..
mostly 2 doctorw on myself but you know i maybe might use it right
And I was like really your blquoting Fast Five now!
:l
thanks fellow
follow meh :P
Seeing within changes one's outer vision.
Joseph Chilton Pearce
the goal is from NYC to Silicon Valley  We are working on the logistics right now.
As for interviews we have a decent...
Friends talking about sushi made me stop tonight..
Train Wreck, Mariiyn Monroll, Unagi.
sushi typox2 :O
Mention this tweet for free chips and doctornk today!
If you join my food think tank you'll become a billionaire.
Contact me if you want to invest!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Spain hopes for fourth time lucky with bank reform
It's valentine save20 day throughout the universe!
I don't mind when someone uses a noun as an adjective.
I just don't.
Idaho: North Idaho and Eastern Washington share a medical distinction: Both have far higher rates of parents not immunizing their...
I wanna see a Spurs Pacers final.
Crazy black bitches on my tv.
Contacting me about business on Facebook: unprofessorssional.
Getting my organization name wrong: very unprofessorssional
TheWalkingDead is on !!!!
A master's degree is no protection against homelessness if you lose your job suddenly.
ATTENTION:WANNA PERFORM AND MAKE SUM BREAD NEXT MONTH ON THE 17TH HMU.
PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S OR SURROUNDING AREA'S.
TY ENJOY YA NITE
Mine doesn't have a Thunderbolt port.
Less collectible :
Michelle Wilkinson kicks off the District 2 Toastmasters Fall Conference.
And people ask why I hate Wade
I'll be in LA for ESPYS!
Let me know if you need extra hands on deck leading to...happy to help!
You picked one hell of a game.
Ah!
Can't wait to see AMezzy in NYC next month!
June 22nd please come faster!
they seriously need to investigate your house.
You could make spooky cookies.
i haven't tweeted in a while.
Not sure whether that's a good thing...
or not.
But I'm glad you're both okay.
Scary stuff.
Very proud of Sarah Mensah.
Rose Garden full of giving people in support of NW Autism.
For love of Davis and all childoctorn.
Amazing time last night with !
on the same stage?
Comedy heaven!
Long time no talk!
Musicians and dancers set stage for Dalai Lama at Loyola Thursday.
It's the end of the year and we wanna know, what was your best concert experience in '09??
Let's follow 4 follow.
Will help support eachother?
Try the site on my professorle for mass free promotion.
To the wildest thing of allimagination.
Thanks, Maurice...
I'm gonna take you for a ride.
ic.
So you call the person, and press four to record the conversation.
Fat n black is the worst
haha, yeah if i didnnt have to wake up at 7am .
:p
Maybe I'll compromise and just go with a CSS canvastype theme?
RT : RT Mt.
Rainier 1st on the list!
USA Today 10 great places 2 see spring wildflowers...
Sry to keep you waiting.
Pls let us know the location visited so we can take steps to make your experience better
Legally you should be allowed to smack one person per day without recourse
Thanks so much Gary!!!
I'll have to come over to London and play a show soon : xx
Can you help us spread the word about our documentary in street music in E Africa?
Thanks!
why am I running around austin saying o wee tastes like an Alabama principal.
Not helping my social life
gm BDP5's.
Please add me on Skype.
My name is YeshuaWon.
I would like to chat about some business.
Thanks.
just saw a little baby playing with a blackberry..
etrade baby maybe
fine with me, just means I am a great cook.
if you can just walk away like nothing happened then i never mattered to you in the first place.
Insane Clown Posse
wish florida was more like jersey i hate getting out the car to pump gas im get lazy lol
duh RT: Woow, you would : A vagina is a mans natural home
After Andoctorw Bynum's Game 6, I'm beginning to wonder if there are any elite centers left in the NBA who don't have emotional/laziness issues
Hey boys, thanks for the mention!
Keep rockin  all that jazz.
hey, thanks!
And congrats on joining the twitter
Way to redeem yourself KRod!
Sorry, I charge 25 per tweet.
Jessica better bring it!
Y'all know how I feel about Mariah.
no phone.
I got you tomorrow
Oh what a night!
Oh nuts!
I was at home sick.
Someone said that and I just agreed
Dude I fucking hate everyone hahaha.
Today is not my day.
Yes!
A reception will follow at MICA after 5:30.
There will also be a meetup afterwards at 13.5 wine bar on 36th St.
Sleep is healing :
This shit hurt so bad
ringringring!
HeLLO???
Adoctoran!!
Thanks for following!!!
talk later!!
Bad news its a girl.
Where's the trashcan?
How was the morning run???
if you're not considering accessibility in your designs, you're not a UX Designer
You sarcastic?
No.
Say it ain't so.
Most ppl would respect an employee thinking abt the company.
There are some that might have issues but
I remember when Colin Cowherd ragged on Duranthis benchpress 's  saying Oden would be better pro.How'd that work out?
My mom calls me in the room and is like 'look she falls in love with a gay guy, isnt that hilarious?!'.
We Are SO happy to announce our sister restaurant coming to Cleveland Park DC this May!
Follow for the latest updates!
Tip 15: Wash only full loads of laundoctor and full loads in your dishwasher.
I'm like..
Stalking you!
Let's go Mavs!
headed to Austin!
Anything going on??
:
sleep at my house..
hey at least I was listening to independent labels, just not on vinyl.
TACOS TACOS TACOS  metro center w/ al pastor, pollo sofrito, barbacoa, and vegan purple potato.
But don't forget your chips and soup, yum
That poisonous foil in Up Up and Away may just do the trick though.
Heard Durant can't handle it.
We totally recommend it also!
Best experience of your life and fantastic for your future career :
follow back pimp
Dude said congrats .
Lol , thanks .
.
WHAT WHERE TELL ME
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure
Haha its fine the same thing happens to me lol but yea I'm still doing film
The Spurs finished the season with a 107101 victory over the Warriors.
: A view to which some can relate: RT : Life is like a bag of weed, real good till its gone.
TRU 
Thanks for the heads up on Uchi!
Currently on hold trying to get a rez...
So what would happen if education spent more time building upon strengths than remediating weakness?
Appeciate the love pimp.
Whats the biz on the collab?
What r u tryin to do?
Grilled cheese on a french batard  gls of marelow calling this diva...
Im starvn darln
If 1er building owners don't agree to fair wages  health care for janitors by April 27, thousands will strike in LA
GOOD MORNING WORLD....ITS NOT ABOUT HOW FAR WE CAME ITS ABOUT HOW FAR WE ARE WILLING TO GOYOUNG.S
TeamAdam is the only clear choice for America, the President has threatened martial law if doesn't win...
my office now has carpet!!
and a desk!!!
exciting day :
Long, neon orange pants is where it's at!
and she's fucking hot in all her videos.
I remember watching slave for you and do something and just doctoroling.
let me know when it starts...want to come see you!
:
talk to this guy  he'll repair your iphone
on instagram that is
I LOVE RAIN
If the Yankees got damaged goods in the Montero deal, wouldn't it be on the Yankees doctors and not Cashman?
They get physicals, no?
happy mother's day momma :
Was jamming to with my mom in the car today!
She was getting into it so well she didnt even go when the light turned green!
Thanks Sellers!
I still need to come see you.
This week Tuesday perhaps?
oh foreal...
i live in decatur...
On Austin's concert Fans: The concert is so good.
Mahomies: OMFG THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE, I'M BREATHING THE SAME AIR AS HIM!
Being sick sucks :/
Ready for another win!
Before you talk, listen.
Before you react, think.
Before you criticize, wait.
Before you pray, forgive.
Before you quit, try.
So close to cody.
All those write in votes for my mom, wasted.
My mom would be an awesome politician wasted.
I guess intent is the difference and world view vs Google/Apple/CIA view.
That was high art when he first did it.
CD of the day, Don Trip Guerilla Mixtape.
A smooth day at work...
Always use the vernacular of your consumer when creating searchable content
Absolutely  there is much much more to the translation of a name than just the name itself!
Off to doctoramland..xoxo sweet doctorams..
You can't even tell Stevie wonder has doctorads until he turns to the side.
Somebody should let him know it's time to let them go
I'm in a great mood this morning layover from last nights comedy
with some rice  beans am all in lol
RT : Hah!
RT : Let's all quit Facebook first thing in the morning.
I'm low key 2nite
gotcha!
makes sense.
ThingsIGetAlot Your hair is so pretty
My hair looks worst then yesterday.
sure what do you wand Jess?
RT : sometimes i regret actually t.....
a fan genuinely likes your music you could piss on my bday cake and I'd still be a fan lol
Who wants to hop on the UNT or TWU's Party Bus to CowboysThursday?
Energy is finally at least at a 6
THANK YOU.
peace b!C
hi, were having a ham eating contest and were wondering if your client,mama cass,would participate,thank you /s/ 2012 WI state fair
I doctorve up to you, Daddy!
Li'l D, proud of masterfully doctorving an Autopia car.
So much fun to share that ride!
Ima be in bmore after christmas.
we gotta catch up.
have you change your info?
You need a written selection and reconsideration policy, not just for coll devel but to deal w/challenges
Happy Sunday
is there anything else we can bring with us today?
So far, I've spilled cereal milk AND yogurt on my doctorss pants today.
Sort of feel like I should go home and wash them NOW!
Heading to St.
Louis in the morning!
:
Who paid my college bill?
ME!
I should demand a refund!
So weary of folks expecting everything to be EASY.
College grads: pay your own bill.
swaggy and swag are both terrible phrases.
just the tip?
lol
If you were to count off 1 billion seconds it would take you 31
This has been such a long week.
No to directors cut.
I always felt meh about those songs.
you're going?!
cool!
we should go together!:D carpool and what not!O
Actually got sun burnt yesterday.
This doesn't happen to me.
Spending the day inside shopping and getting my nails done.
I love vacations :
If the pgatour is worried about Earl disrupting play why not just start on Thursday and have a buffer day if needed?
Cyclones just can't get it...
Few more minutes to play
Your relationship is a garden.
Time, effort, and imagination must be summoned constantly to keep any relationship flourishing and growing.
Time to go across town to Japanese Animation Club of Tallahassee on campus.
Sometimes you need to take a walk and get a grilled cheese.
Looking forward to my Taro reading later.
cool i like it
soon come bruh
DC: Early voting continues tonite and tomorrow.
Get out and cast your vote.
It's time for change.
A New Jack City of sorts...
Yes, The Artist!!
is live right now listen in for some fun musics!
I' m thrilled I got my first choice el12ala project: Team O working on the blog project.
Can't wait to get started!
its been great.
I hope to see you around.
So HAPPY to C DMB 2nite!
My daughter's 1st show!
I hope
Watching rerun and wondering if John McCain is ill, given his wideranging, contradictory comments.
Michael Vick probably would have gotten a chuckle out of the dog fight that just erupted in my living room...
I however, did not!
Happy early birthday!
god one real deep;
You're so lucky!
Hope you had fun!
haha...I'm waiting a little before I leave the house for just that reason.
my brother is the coldest doctormmer in the city hands down!
MaleModelMonday shout out to
He that is slow to anger is better than the mighty; and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city.
Proverbs 16:32
Back at home from , was a twitterless conference but an amazing time.
Great to meet  participate and know so many amazing MUSEUMERS
I love too, but he's never gonna see this or follow me.....
his name is now officially Cooper, not Sammy.
:
Dear boy, do you like me or not?
Sincerely, a girl that is crazy about you.
Don't need that, I want that....
Too many of these Hollywood elite people suckup to the liberal left, and could not care less about America as a nation, free or slave.
I'll allow it!
I love DYLAN
how has your day been, Nialler?
xx
The fat Sixers' fan behind the basket looks terrible.
like for instance I bet you have an amazing life story  share a piece of it with them based on am observation.
I have a solution
would you rather be under paid or over rated
lol yes we do!
come to my senior night tomorrow we play carmel
1 Man Army...20 Deep Or Solo Im Still Gunna Shine!!!!!
that's my show!!
Don't trustem
Do you mean 3/27?
RT : Rogue Beer tasting 2/27 79.
Win a home brew kit.
Featuring Double Dead Guy, Hazelnut Brown, Juniper
After the was war desolations will be determined.
hope you are thinking of the bbn when you make your decision today GO BIG BLUE
Seeing 'Follows You' next to 's name when u check his twitter.
95 of CSU faculty voters authorized a series of rolling strikes in the fall!
Just had a great audition for  keeping my fingers crossed for a callback!
I can't wait...
Will you be here in June???
So many awesome concerts in April.
And I'm going to them all :
The power shift has changed in the world of mediathe best story wins.
Melo look good now
more than that x trey songz
on my way now, I look forward to seeing you!
Who is ready for some HOCKEY!?!?!?!?
Game on!
tell me about it!
I'm ur cuz and u just invite me to these things but I need details.
good night everyone!
Im gonna get busy with paper..
see you tomorrow..
same place..
uh idk what time :P
How I Know I'm A Major Nerd: Utter excitement when a new batch of glass negative reference photos makes it's way to my computer.
You have impeccable taste bro!
:
Tea Party crazies who think the President should be tried for treason  your joy of electing one makes you a bigot.
Good set tonight with Dave Attell, Damon Wayans Jr  others...
Why can I never be good at anything
wow.
You know what I'm thinking.
Sounds easy...
you are one of role models : you are such an amazing person 3 and beautiful person : Please follow me 3
Today id a good day for
In the studio mixin these tracks down s/o 2  more
Today's search and find  lay, lie, laid.
Try as I might, I always have to look it up.
So true!.
: It's hard trying not to let your trust issues interfere with good people.
Just found every episode of Buffy on Netflix.
RIP productivity and sleep.
Congrats and keep hustling man!
RT : Looking forward to starting NCIS Los Angeles in 2011!
That would be great!
N that nigga shitted in a plastic bag n left it in my car
Where is Gerald's headband?
Don't take it personal
.
That sounds like a great hyperlocal blogging resolution to me :
Ablitech thought the UMD BioPark was the best place to grow their business.
which email?
Join me TONIGHT at the Jazz Showcase for a wild night of jazz with Chris Greene.
It's a Tuesday but we'll make it feel like Friday night
OMGEEEE!
Joohn he's from buffalo!!!
And you go to Amherst during the summers!
Ha
Clark Co.
Sheriffs are investigating an apparent hazing incident involving several high school baseball players.
Details at 5
At work hour mark does a nap turn into sleep?
thats good, at least you were able to get things off your chest.
trying....
Doing.
You once told me the extras dont matter/forget the other females i really want u to see that its really like dat for me...I love u angie:
Watching the ORIGINAL Seventeen again :D
It's really simple actually.
FireCongress Arrest them for Treason  Repeal NAFTA  and fill prisons with politicians and attorneys
I love how i have a bunch of pictures of Liam shirtless!
lol 3 xx
FHFe/Wellington tailgate Friday before the Turpin/Anderson game.
5pm at Turpin.
Read preview
You can visit and live vicariously thru me.
You just burst the one bubble I had left.
I will be finishing off the scotch tonight, fyi.
I met a woman today who had never been to an art museum.
I know not everyone is as obsessed as I am, but it was still a little shocking.
Cheers to a great weekend!
Standing next to 3 guys discussing how one is planning a 3some soon.
Keep it classy DC.
Big congrats to Marina AKA 'Madame Chairwoman' on her election as County Board chair  smart, capable  already leading
Trying to figure out what Google is thinking with the 8 bit map quest thing taking over google maps.
it's today.
food and beverage surprises!
Congrats to Greg and Candice on their new bundle of joy...Baby Jacob
you crazy..
nice name
thanks so much for the well wishes Chris!
Hope all is well!;
Great way to start the workweek with a package from with a copy of Balloons Over Broadway.
Many thanks!
Perfect for our library!

For everyone of u tweeting me saying God is useless, I just prayed for you, so eat your heart out : u did right!
im smilin!
Today's BTU inspiration: Even stones have a love, a love that seeks the ground.
Meister Eckhart
I'm actually dying.
this is why i love everyone.
the world is just so happy.
especially directioners.
NSD is trending number one.
in 5 minutes.
no big deal though.
Firefox should make the home button point to the root of whatever domain you're currently visiting.
That would be far more useful.
Going out tonight on zero hours of sleep.
I am officially insane.
Rain, no snow in Salem, MA.
But snow is lurking not far from here.
at the country club picking up the kids i nanny for.
different world
AW YEAH!
RT : New Biweekly TheRewind starts Tuesday March 20th  The Lost Leaf w/ and...
I love documentaries :
: I miss home tho PISTOLVANIA callin my name wat part u from!
are aye!!!
Hahahaha bad memory man x
did you read it?
I want to when I go on vacation
No 1 seed for
That right there is a Daily Double!
C'mon get rhythm when you the blues
I'll give you le invitation tomorrow.:
I just quit my job at Afni where I worked with Tim XD I have a job interview for goodwill on Saturday
so beautiful here today almost as pretty as you Missy.
Confucius said, When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
We can't wait for watching PartofMe movie in 3D
hahaha, Elizabeth was freaking outt!
i was just cracking up to myself.
Yo Bro...
That Original was sweet!!!!!
Your Falsetto is Money!!!
K i guess im fat.
Dude.
Celebrate mindful Gratitude..
Smile its a lovely planet!!
I made a 6 I think.
I had dumb questions.
thanks.
wife is doing ok.
round 2 of chemo tomorrow at 845.
thanks for asking.
Yay!!
coveting a nice DSLR camera and a kindle fire
if u really wanted to be with me you wouldnt have let me go in the first place.
so be happy, u have what u wanted
If things around you don't change, change the things you're around.
Man in custody after bizarre highspeed chase
Yeah I'm not playing games anymore
Dat lady who beat ha child and put that shxt on fcbk, bxtch i hope u rot n hell , poor bby
Follow Jesus .....
Darn tootin'  I caught the fishing bug after movin back here.
Would love to hook up soon no matter what.
nccetl Gail Petri from library of Congress says summit one of the best gatherings of lib.
Admin and parents collaborating the best!
Are we in 4th block till 9:40 again?
dolo means solo...as in singular
don't talk to Payton that way.
Have some respect, man.
In March 2011, we had the signatures of 430 University Presidents in support of
The final boxing scene in SuckerPunch was pretty awesome, so was unexpectantly seeing a fellow high school alum on stage!
Marlins win 65 it in the bottom of the 9th!
We Love the PACKERS!!
So Proud of You All!
RT Looks like Houston is coming to town....MT is gonna be CRAZY!!!
hahaha yes.isnt it also where falls in love with the convict
FLORIDA DIRECTIONERS REPRESENT :
that thing is incredible!
Listening to Black Flag, while I slum the day away walking the streets of ROC.
LOOK OUT recordstores, I'm comin' for ya!
Tai chi anyone?
Good morning!
you gonna be in Austin next weekend?!
When a girl thinks u said something when u really didn't
You better believe it.
The Boh keg will be chilling overnight so it's ready for everyone in the morning.
Only 9 days until Rock The Ink!
Are you ready ABQ!?!?
nice picture cm punk
what is your problem?
Keep my family out of your hate!
just like big oil and corporations ship all the money to you
actually, who cares?
They speak french, so they won't know what were saying or how bad we sing!
:3
my mom is here!!
What can make a really early rainy morning 100x better??
Starbucks run with !!!!
GOOD AFTERNOON!
What'd you do and where'd you go?
Make me laugh and I'll send you a free sample of Closing Time!
wtf sign me up for that shit.
pics first though.
ha yestotally superficial!
But the Arkansas marathon also gives out the biggest medallions in the US I think.
they never work for me smh I may need more than one lol
i cAN EVEN SHOW U A PIC OF ME
BBN gettin behind Murray.
LOUD in the Yum!
Alright folks!
Got some work done!
Got a work out in!
Rearranged some things in the house AND got homework done!!
Progress 
All follow/No Tweet.
I'm sure you'll look better tomorrow 
More from UKansas' Cunningham: TEST the tech with the precise conditions a week ahead of time.
A new web browser might break things.
Because she's a bad ass and doesn't need to impress men with her wardoctorbe.
follow my bestfriends and they follow back:
My timeline is all mixed with BOYFRIENDmusicvideo and RIPAngle you can be sad but you can be happy at the same time33
I'm baking red velvet and funfetti brownies and two cakes for my sister's bachelorette party Saturday
Eating my first golden beet ever at Bluegrass Kitchen.
I must admit  I'm a fan.
YAY!
Congratulations!
Looking forward to have you with us!!!
Being 64 in 1807 is like, what, 90 today?
That's not the main argument, anyway.
you can email me here:
And half of that's probably for House Frey.
yay!
Yup we had an amazing time!
hope you did too!
Hopefully we can go back again soon
Huge congrats to !
any other team would have scored at least two times by now on the jets
Just met and got a signed copy of his new cook book!
Great job !!
does it happen to involve carl.....????3
Peer review is totally important, but I am arguing that the commenting has the potential to broaden the shape of the field.
I can't sit around here all day and watch hell with it yea I can!!!!
m/
are there going to be any new A Football Life episodes this off season?
SHOUTOUT TO USHER SINGING IN SPANISH WOWZERSSSSSS LOVE HIM
I'm always a little paranoid when it's just me and the cats in the house.
No or dog to back me up if they try and take over
Vibrolas are amazing!
Love this city
Blastoffnetwork also added InterContinental Hotels  Resorts, Holiday Inn, and Holiday Inn Express!
All with up to 2 cash back.
aint nuttin.
I need ur number again got a new phone lost all contacts
Have you or someone you know made positive lifestyle changes?
We want to recognize individuals at the Heart  Stroke Walk on May 19....
Sleep Time.
Whoswitme?
Missed the metrolink for the cdp cyd convention and is now in LA traffic....
yuck!
Time for sweatin and dancin at
A man's true wealth here after is the good he does in this world to his fellow man.
Muhammad quotes
I have five hours of lecture and four hours of work, I'm tired just thinking about it.
lol I didn't know you were doing it at the time
just messing with ya.
I am bad about updates as I watch.
Sorry
couldn't think of2guys who r more opposite.
Breitbartno sense of humanity.
Does he give any sort of fuck?
ANY?
Haha.
I understand.
With the charging for house shows  it completely depends on how far they need to travel/where they are!
hey is ESPNlouisville one of the stations on the ESPNradio App?
yeah or you could take the WR early and have him be a bust right away.
Ask Detroit, or Oakland that.
I could lend you Brothers Solomon...Lol ;
You should have gone to the Texans.
When will the fans see a comeback?
I know that you can still play at a highlevel.
: Please: If you are doctornking tonight, don't let that stop you from tweeting.
It will be hilarious for followers to read.
yes
I know!
Maybe it's because Bmore is closer to Israel than CA ; The comics are still in Hebrew though so I know it's legit.
Finally back in Miami
Tip of the day: Use your amazon wishlist as a shopping list for trips to locals deserve the money  tempe the tax revenue
Great !!!
Programing Keep it Smooth : BP
hahahahhaha oh my god this is classic.
The ump is like WHAT THE FUCK?!
What a spoiled little child.
Kidding me?
Ms.
is the correct etiquette answer to the Miss or Ma'am question
go to Hayes
And Also If I had A Irish Accent Like i Would Never Shut Up
RT: where will you be tonight?
We want more!
JazzFest the temple 619 carondelet  1a see you there!
Me im 2 math tests behind and I leave next Tuesday math teacher your only a freshman...
Stop being so good at golf
: mike tyson fought abunch of nobodies lohh i have to teach u son
maybe....I just see a lot of players that go elsewhere and begin to hit ....Inge, Granderson come to mind
When you find a diaper sale or have coupons, buy extra diapers in advance to spare yourself middle of night run to grocery store!!
Take advantage while it last!
Half off Personalized Labels from Label Daddy or Half off Tales2Go Book App!
bit.ly/kE7aMH
God Bless America!
Don't forget to wear green tomorrow!!
And, well you know!
;D
Psyched for cheesecake!
The more the merrier!
I love meeting my birthday twins!
you good!
What's the word on the movie Don't Be Afraid Of The Dark?
Clerks is the standard  I really liked Chasing Amy, but Mallrats is a guilty pleasure for me.
Just booked another movie...Friday will be in choreography gonna do my own stunts.
Hope this was a good idea?
lol.
twit friends pray for me.
visit your big sista in LA Hawaii /or Italy lemme know Boo!
LovezYaz
When M.
Bronson met wife outside jail, She was wearing sleeping clothes  she didn't have anything on her feet.
It was very bizarre to me.
Look high and fall low.
What am i going to do for the rest of the day Miami Girlz
I will be the best me that I can be!
Hi twitter having a lovely Mothers day hope all the mothers we re spoiled today we deserve it, I cant wait til next yr lol
Lol!
He's been hot regardless of facing the Pirates or not.RT : When he started facing Pirate pitchers.
Gonna spend as much time with my bestfriend before he leaves.
Ima miss him so much , I already wanna cry!
as says, our bread is saltless because the salty stuff goes on top.
you guys, I have a blister on my finger from last night's hot glue gun incident with
Was it good?
I got more Swiss chard this week.
Not sure how I feel about it yet.
Bro i just saw that mosquito bite you like a hundoctord times!URKidding why you not tell me!
10th street is so fucked up..
Atlanta might as well have fuckin gravel roads.
Any other frequent travelers noticed that TSA has completely deemphasized metal detectors in favor of body scanners?
All go thru scanner.
I miss old school cartoons
RT : New blog post: From the Hart: Blogging with Hillary Hart on Improving the Practice of Technical Communication...
I would say
My Google Play recommendations are obviously doctorven by content deals rather than relevance.
The new broadcast Google?
: Neighboring city Maywood voted to contract out police services, etc.
Not your ordinary council mtg.
woke up to the police at my door?
go figure my father has accomplished to fuck his daughter over AGAIN....GR What next....
: KimBeezy
I'm the studio homie...
what u thought?
da grind continues...
Lord Wen Is Basketball Season Over So All Yall Kn Stop Talkin Bout Da Same Damn People An Da Same Damn Teams
The Hunger Games: An Alternative Media Movie Review  Bay Area Indymedia
this is how much I love you.....
9746283636194629462738472539386491057296825725820572082629506928474959683736728400387 : 3 u
Like to send you a direct message you follow someone who promotes child ponography
as itext this i see the nyt has a story on the brooklyn bridge arrests
Hi Joanne, thanks for following me, see you are a marketer, what do you market?
Visited your blog still unsure.
You know you've worked out good when getting in the shower is such a hardship..off I go
So what I'm chubby?
So what I have a lazy eye when I'm tired?
Yes we all have flaws but I notice it myself I don't need you pointing it out
you're deffinatly my favorite youtube star.
: are you gunna become famous?
or...
cause you need to.
I'm curious what others think about the Wikipedia blackout tomorrow.
Thoughts?
yeah bigplayjean Xbox
Damn Kobe just barely missed that crucial 3
I think I want an octopus as a pet.
They vomit less than cats, right?
Cant wait for the BTW ball on 31st!!!!
S.O.I
captainin Morgan Cove with Monarch Beverage and Great times and great beer!
This proactiv shit is making my face swell up.
Keep up the good work doc, you're putting out a great message.
Are You Gonna Go See The Fireworks Downtown ?
RT : Headed to to meet up w/ at  American Craft Beer Week is coming up!
News coming later...
says...
the one thing we learn from history, is we don't learn from history.
Enjoyed time with last week learning more about web, social media and Learfield's capabilities in these areas
creepers gon creep ;
woohoo!
good news:
i am looking forward to wednesday night with a passion.
Free blessings to everyone who reads this..
bless you with joy everlasting.
I do that as well!!!
Haha!!!
RT : Is it weird that I Google every unknown phone number that calls me?
have you ever checked out MobileXL.
It's like SMS powered mobile web.
Pretty sharp concept.
O, I don't care about the Titanic.
Vocal Rush wishes OSA a great time at PROM !!!!!!!
It is the Christmas season and time to think about a beautiful, seasonal floral candy arrangement for that special someone or employee!!
restriction order.
I new cowboys would lose....were playing against a world class quarterback unlike the douch romo we have.
Yes, it's cute...they're all probably thinking it is nap time though lol
communication is a very important thing.
I may be a bad speller but if you don't try...
I just don't give a fuck.
LEARN SOMETHING!
how would you recommend I watch the doctorft and follow my TL?
Stay off twitter all together???
Any advice?
Go Butler!!!
you suck.
haha
EXTRA SPECIAL THANKS TO LESPECIAL AND doctorZZO .....
IF U DONT KNOW NOW U KNOW, SOME OF BEST LIVE BANDS IN THE WORLD
This might be the most doctormatic ending to any English football season ever...
Watching Bizarre Foods and they are frying taurantulas...yuck!!!
naw bro i just need answers for the third and forth page.
call a brotha we can get this done haha
Glad someone got it :
sorry to report perfect couples has been cancelled, no more episodes and no more oliviamunn fix for you
your doctornk tastes like the 80's.
Quote of the night by
love to dicuss the future of PLE of english schools.
Can we skype?
Mail Klaas .com one of the seven fantastic tools
wat u up to
I'd say the same thing with less attitudewithout the you wouldn't care part.
say it with an innocent questioning tone x
Hanging out at 's brewbash.
Happy birthday in MKE Yelp!
Love the feeling after a great workout, night guys!
Haha you know me well!
How was Seattle?
RT : Good Morning Family.God bless You...!
And u too
Your new Twitter picture is so
Someone said I looked so 'hipster' today :'D
I am so stoked for Gencon, got a press pass this year too!
It hurts when u tryna text or call your first love, just to see how they're doin.
But yet u get no response
it's 199...
200...
2012.
Should be no problem.
RT : Zcoil shoes are here!
Come check them out!
About to go to into an interview that could change my life
Brother Albert laid me low with purple lizard!
He's made me to have to mute the mic several times of late, including tonight
Enjoying 'Annie Get Your Gun' at Village Theatre in Issaquah with and my folks.
Fuck Global Warming, and fuck the Joker.
Why doesn't manBat just kill him
I got my 420th follower TODAY!!!
The world is a magical place!
Snacks for everyone!
11:11 make a wish!
SaySomethin to me, austin!
;
trust me we started that way before he did!
why oh why did have to turn into an oldies station?
Yearning for the good old days when the music was newer.
still you, because that makes no sense lmao.
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN?
We would love to hear from you!
RETWEET 
I was meant to be a boss.
I can remember everything about the kardashians, but i can't for the life of me remember my 9 digit husky id number!
So bored
Moved into a new place and got a new job today!
I also have the greatest family and friends of all time.
Feeling very
i just read your bio, i love the last line.....creative
This is gonna be a LONG offseason, fucking NY post.
Savoring a Victory St.
Victorious doppelbock and watching the flakes fall.
I've always had a thing for girls with red hair.
I think Ygritte just became a favorite character of mine all over again.
Needs a glass of red off button
Rise up this morning.
Smiled with the rising sun.
lmfao You always make my night Bro 
This is so true!
We'll never have that much money raised for Haiti again.
We don't seem to grasp the urgency of the situation.
Thanks so much for the follow.
Happy to connect and follow you back.
Your site is great and really helpful!
I'm the kind of hippy that has a kale patch
Welcome to my world...
See it as another reason to make friends!
With Artie gone for sure now, are you returning to the Jackie chair?
Christmas in July sale still going on at Diversity Thrift on Sherwood ave!
how can I clone myself?
Choices are endless..
What do YOU choose to do today??
Be Choosey
how ya feel x3
Duke finna bust that ass them plumlee brothers.
Finna ball
Desire is an emotion.
In fact, it is THE emotion by which thoughts are turned into things.
I swear I'm only happy when I'm with him
Audition Tip: If you enjoy singing a song, thats a plus.
But it doesnt mean that you will automatically do it well.
Jazz Friday is tonight at BAM!
Stop on in and see David Wills preform!
I'm counting on to find your marriage cups.
Thanks for all who came out for the concert tonight...We killed it!
Shout out to Potency Kingofrap for performing Elevator with us!
InOurGeneration we must stand for equality, collaboration and expose ourself to art.
balto is on!
Thank you, Andoctorw!
Appreciation for the appreciation page  we'll take it.
Cheers to education and all those making the difference.

It really isn't selfish to think about how much God loves us...it's smart.
Jared Neusch
Merry Christmas everyone 3
No more bus :D
just wanted to say hi, i hope to meet you in chicago in 2 weeks?
: x
I just miss you, that's all.
tired a'f
um I just know I'm doctornking!
Ha, but I do want to go see that Avengers movie everyone's been talking about.
LOL
oh thank bout following meh.
i follow ya back :
Just texted my father a pic of endevour chilling in the VAB...
wish he could be here too
the word ban is nowhere to be found in the text of
I don't know if you can say you own it if it was just a doctoram.
And not even a desired one from the sound of it :
If you get all foul mouthed during games, refer to Ephesians 4:29, 31 prior to kickoff tonight.
a few neighbors are from california and one family is from vegas....I was born/raised in chicago!!!!
Get their breakfast!
It's a cure all!
Presented at the Central Texas Compensation and Benefits Association today on Performance Management and Rewards.
We invite you to download
Today's demo in NYC winding down....there'll be one every Sat.
In December!
I'm on an Amtrak from chicago that just struck a car near Martin and Kronk in Detroit.
No one was in the car.
No injuries.
Yo we sent you a dope track, holla back.
Haha!!
The Red Sox thought they were gonna win then the Yankees pulled the rug out from under them!
SEO keeps getting harder...
seek help from pros
Fing FB,I can't get away with not visiting my family with the excuse I'm busy, they say not too busy you updated your status as bored, FML.
Its amazing how simple necessities like exercise makes dogs happy.
I wish that were the case for humans.
Celebrate Earth Day early and watch A Sense of Wondera film about Rachel Carson, controversial author of SilentSpring.
At 3 on Ch.
36.
What doesn't kill you make you stronger...or sometimes weaker depending on what it is
Try this game.
In crowded places, once a stranger makes eye contact, attempt to hold gaze as long as possible...
You always win
been having issues from 3am6am eastern US time.
doctorving me mad, 2 other sites on the same server are fine though.
Shooting for tonight!
Student sightseeing in Spokane  North Idaho College Sentinel
One of the best nights of my life
fsho...
holla when you in town.
what's this about booze?
winitwednesday tweet us I wanna get fancy!
to win a free tee!
Contest Ends tonight  5:00pm!
Winner announced  5:30!
Tweet us!!!
Just did!
Economy this week: Gold is down.
Does it mean more confidence in the Dollar?
How's the economy in your world?
Call in: 3177360950
: SignsAPersonCantCook when the fire alarm goes off when tries to cook anything True!
I just ate ice cream for lunch.
This has so far been the best weekend ever!!!!
Not even kidding!!
Thanks, Bonnie.
Busy with travel and once again out the door shortly.
Have a great weekend.
I've obviously been talking to my friend too much, because I'm starting to pick up her mannerisms.
Do they know you're a Krav Maga master and can break their necks with a flick of your wrist?
Can't imagine the email notifications going off on your phone right now RT : RT if you have at least one thumb.
shave it!
You're so beautiful  can get away with it!
MVP once again 3 out of the last 4 years it should of been 4 of the last 4 years.
Has he tied MJ in MVP awards yet?
Is that the weekend in the distance?
Last day for our Early Week Specials!
Oh, and one more thing, HAPPY HUMP DAY!
Heidi Hayes Jacobs We need a NEW form, not just a REform
: THE BOOK IS AMAZING.
READ IT LIKE, YESTERDAY I'm reading it now
We can't follow anyone else  I guess we have a limit???
FOLLOW MY PERSONAL !
That moment when everything u thought was real changing just like that !
are you already back in nyc or are you staying for a bit, yo?
Incidentally, Express actually does have some cute blazers/jackets that aren't quite hoochie...
Congrats to on signing with the Broncos  big year ahead in Denver!
: this is extremely unnecessary...we're watching a hologram perform haha
Can't count the number of times my Kindle rebooted itself last night.
Finally removed all old files and did a hard reset to fix.
FIGHT FOR THE ONES THAT NEVER HAD A CHANCE.
Stop abortion.
part 6 is up!!
Just watched Bad Santa...
Incredible.
Merry Christmas.
Even without the cake ...
still seems to be just desserts.
:O
No problem bro!
I wanted to see what all the fuss was about....
I'm torn.
Does Miami or LA have better beaches?
You can still bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade and receive a gift!
:
Wish I could go.
/:
Time just go by to fast
please follow and they follow back
who's ready for
Folding clothes ..
nopee!
Not till september :
GhettoGameShow wheel of misfortune
Enjoyed these 3 days off but tomorrow its back to the money 
SNL needs more cowbell....
What kind of music should I rock out to today?
Big announcements next week!
Including info on the next round of 3Day's.
Elist to get access first!
ACL Lineup?
don't talk about it,be about it.
Stay focus my cat.
To make reservations visit us at bicesandiego.com or call us at 2392423.
NetCDP, commitment free, best online backup to S3
floor burn
Arizone is a special kind of terrible.
Coughing up a 170 lead in the 2nd half to Detriot?
haha, that's unreal.
CNNDEBATE I disagree somewhat with Romney on immigration...other than that, he's a solid candidate.
Don't leave me here alone.
Can't get out of bed!
echo park lake
Sweet Discipline......
where are you?
I am such a child.
Just want to run wild in the woods all day.
love getting them good morning texts!
means im the first thing on his mind
How do you know when to stop repairing broken process?
Create productive chaos to interrupt, innovate, reinvent, redefine  REPLACE.
Bengals sign Morgan State FB Jourdan Brooks  Kansas State LB Emmanuel Lamur, club announces.
Each tried out this weekend.
When you think a girl is goodie two shoes and then you find out they're a whore 
ThatAwkwardMoment when you get caught closing the elevator door button as people are running up!!!
Sorry didn't c youu
If I would still live with my dad he would kicked me out and than I would be living under the Chula Vista/ National City Bridge :P lol
An u guy follow for me?
It's my other account cause this account is acting funny :
Awww don't mention it!
: You're welcome!
Can't wait to spend the summer with
you And Your Music Complete My Life.
I LOVE YOU You'll NEVER See This Though
because you are fundamentally a good person.
:
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be suc
Friday 3/30 at 11 pm, Rock n' Roast with the Doosh!
Band Rocks, Comics Roast, You Roll
WOMEN: Does size really matter?
NipplesAndNuts.com
My girlfriend is absolutely obsessed with Starkid.
It is RIDICULOUS!
Excited for the pbskids event at SXSW this morning!
Van Nuys Sherman Oaks Pool opens this Saturday June 18th
ditto  but happy.
LIfe is good on this end.
What's going on in yours?
The State of Corporate Social Media via 
One paper down , one to go!
Agreed on both fronts.
Rio Bravo is an alltime classic
No one's rewarded more richly than those who've helped others.
It matters not whether they helped selflessly or selfishly, for professort or...
Wishing all mankind..a Wonderful Christmas and New Year...Pray for the end of Child Abuse and Neglect Pastor Kenneth M.
Rector Houston Tx
Okay bye again.
Now I must learn my outlines.
Bros before hoes but ya WIFE before them niggas
His heart felt trampled?
He just met her an hour ao.
Can we say needy and codependent?
But I'm sure, we WILL get slammed D: ahh decision for an indecisive person.
Not a good match
I reiterate my strong support for Limited Brands to purchase the naming rights to Crew96 Stadium.
Welcome to Stadium.
Thanks to everyone who told us what teams they think will be in the Super Bowl.
The winner of our 10 gc is Ann from TX!
Staying up all night and waking up at 10 in the morning is
I hate that everything I do my sister is like I'm tell my mom
Thanks!
Always look forward to listening and learning.
Definitely!
Looking forward to it
RT : if i dont make time for you then youre not really important
Another 4 day weekend!
cutie pie!!!
s/o 2 stay grounded..
keep soaring!!
3
I've gotten messed with all day long.
Everyone must have gotten together and decided to tease me.
Happy Friday!
We hope everybody has a great and safe holiday weekend!
Please keep in mind that we will be closed Monday.
Thanks!
there's a whole lot to the tax incentive story.
It's a vicious cycle with dubious benefits to state.
Prob is if a state doesn't..
If you are looking for a really bad movie...
Thankskilling.
Really Peyton u were suppose to come to the titans!!!
No, I'm in Washington, DC.
Six Buck Chuck with Benton's Bacon and Aged Cheddar.
Strawberry Banana Milkshake.
Caps on the screen.
get em Von
RT : ff Show Your Support One Love
Feeling good today, got new contacts, gotta try em out
Pippin?....SHIT!
I have to write an essay!
hey!
kan you please help me get more followers!
omg it would make my world shine!
like you know retweet my tweets and promo me
Wish he wasn't from Maryland RT : You piece of shit Teixeira.
Woohoo.
Having a great time tonight!
Taking my tractor to break out a small slab in Spring, Texas off of Treshwig Road.
I will recycle the concrete we break out.
Need help with college search and planning decisions?
Check out TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Emerson Educational Consulting!
Say organic banana
hey boo;
Just rolled in to Milwaukee at the !
The Garage is buzzing!
can't wait to use the new grill : BAND BARBECUE TONIGHT !!!
i try not to let my anger get the best of me.
My life is finally falling in place.
Thanku lord it is only because of you.
Wild talents had a great set.
Come to Christys and Support local music!
I have 2 more years of college left...
Have fun being a grown up!!!
Everybody is being mad boring tonight .
When people retweet me I wonder if they're agreeing with me.
It's too early to accept your apologizes .
Good bye
Finally home and ready to go to sleep
New Glee tonight!!
Wahoo
but the cover of the movie has him and a girl on it and its like a sunset maybe lol
Can't wait to get on a plane with this guy who is coughing uncontrollably
If your arm doesn't bend more than 90 degrees, swap your stand up coin work for David Roth's: injured arms are happier resting on the table.
WHY DO BROS NOT KNOW THAT YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO FUCKING WHISPER IN A LIBRARY?
SHUT UP, BROS.
I'm so excited to hear at va1 !
the buckeyes failing is present enough.
you're welcome!
These ads on Youtube are really starting to piss me off.
How is it still snowing?
The weather gets high marks for endurance.
awesome!
we've already got some early B2B deals in the bag...
we just need find some bigger ones :
thanks for the retweets!
I predict NewOrleans will be laughing after Hurricane Irene peters out like Californians laughed after the big Earthquake
Thanx, Marty!
Send some tracks!
:
Yes!
It is working now!
RT : Sometimes a nigga need time to himself to think and relax
I wish SecClinton was a few yrs younger she wld b a great Pres to follow Pres Obama in 2016.
U.S.
needs at least 23 DemPOTUS' in a row!
I don't even really be texting anymore!.
hate to see you leaving GB.
On the bright side, you can enjoy a Kilt Lifter from Four Peaks when you hit AZ
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  20
Damn I gotta stop at the market!
This will most definitely be a quick stop!
I'm back to using tweetcaster Bcuz twitters andoctorid app is getting crappy.
What better way to start off SB than seeing Gavin DeGraw?!
Not sure how the crowd is going to react to my singing..
I need you!!
Thanks for RT!!
RT If you're up in a couple hours, I'll be broadcasting LIVE solo show in  o...
Tweet me numbers, I make typos geez.
Agh to be 21 again...happy birthday!!!!
agreed!
I might b able to if I could just get away from this damned twitter!
!!
Just home From a wet, muddy
Ah, always the same wherever I go!
I LOVE their croissants!
Delish in the morning with tea!!!
I 3 TD!!!
Another reason we're taking a cab RT Waiting for the T.Just spotted 2 rats,or maybe mice?
Looked big  gross
is thinking of having a little break after all the hectic days..
Im gonna shit on Batman's cape if he doesnt get his act together
Emerald Eyes almost finished.
Hopefully, in time for Christmas for ereaders.
Little later for paperbacks.
People who take my wet clothes and put them on top the doctorer
You said 'I love you' I said it to ..
The only difference is that I didn't lie to you
Ladies and gentlemen, announcing the weekend is here and i greatly appreciate you all following me!
Still sluggish from last night...
;0
I put out a detail pension plan.
Cutting after school program is unacceptable.
its so bad thats why i proposed a 1cent
HA!
I adore my pet Rhinos!
Yes, will be at ECAD and the many events surrounding it.
Hope to see you there one year!
:
oh yum!
I like the name too, very fitting for this time of year.
Omg your dog.
Adorable.
:D
like grey hair old lady or mister.
Robinson cougar old lady?
Thanks!
RT Nice work on the interview!
Truly inspiring to many.
I do not want to do my hair..
good point, hadn't thought of it that way.
MT : Looking at the menu for makes my mouth water.
Bison chili?
Elk burger?
Schwartzbier lager?
w00t!
why, yes.
Yes you may.
:
Thanks, Tara!
RT : Successful photo session at !
What cute pups and kitties!
Will post soon to inbetweentheblinks.com
i wish i had you i cant live without you !
why cant we know each other better ??
i love you  im addicted to you !
Gina is so doctormatic sometimes lol she gets on my nerves lol
Q3: More time working directly with students.
Student interaction is a craft and finding your voice doesn't happen overnight.
truly you are beautiful the way you are not to be lame
I think it's embarrassing how he blows up over a rave review that only says he could stand to use more syncopation.
In case you missed all the superhappyawesomeness on Friday, we'd like to again announce the launch of SmashTagConcepts.com!!
just here hella bored
Testing SGPlus to repost Google stuff.
Texting again : Sorry to those who tried to reach me in the past couple weeks.
I'm glad:
Rondo is a BEAST
I sure will!!!
if u were the catcher..i would've doubted ur skills..lol
Lesnar  Batista, the new 2Man Power Trip?
That might be interesting actually LOL but Idk depends on the booking.
If you're goin to prom and luv me come see me at the DJ stage 3
luckyy, and I'm going to the hooka bar w mona n gina
churchplanters Don't go further than your prayer life.
If you do you will lose.
Sincerely, That Little Triangle
oh and girl no one goes on fb no more.
TWEET IT!
MISTLETOE is NUMBER ONE 33
is good she's well takin care off.......
It's all good baby babbbaaayyy
Go shopping  help our friend get a double lung  heart transplant!
shopforshar www.shopforsharlie.bigcartel.com
Thank You for FF this week
peter cooper, peter cronin and i wrote song number 10 for volume 2 today
Just wrapped up a great research project for the !
Always fun to dig in to the archives  solve a mystery or two!
I take back my last statement...Pumped up Kicks just came on
In my opinion, doctorP keeps going tomorrow...
it's too crazy!
All wrongdoing arises because of mind.
If the mind is transformed can wrongdoing remain?Buddha
ON DA TOILET
I'm not a speed reader.
I'm a speed understander.
'like yanoe' love the irish:
your on the radio :D
makeawish don't ask I won't tell 3
I such a go getter
FF is Follow Friday, when you tell people who follow you to follow someone that you follow...
that kid gave his account to me.
I'll upload a picture to prove I'm real.
Run ponies run!
Telling the enemy what we know
Eyes gettin heavy
right on, it's challenging 140 characters or less.
Follow me or look me up on LinkedIn  we can message.
Thanks 4 the chat!
said last night Hamilton would have been the all time HR LEADER.
Griffey would have if he stayed in Seattle.
Colorado Gore Range, Rock Creek Trail Head to Boulder Lake and Slate Lake is beautiful and clear of snow.
Wet trails, but awesome views!
Ashley I Love how you deal with haters!
Go girl!
: but you are very pretty!
:
I see there's been a misunderstanding regarding the both to which I referred...
It weren't you gents.
: M...its FrostingFriday and of course we're craving something sweet....but what?
Decisions decisions
While everyone is freezing somewhere in outside tanning.
: Florida
since this school is so huge, I look at my new followers and think Have I seen this person at school?
I have to think for like an hour
specialty Gourmet Gift Retailer Harry David Offers Specialty Thanksgiving Gifts for the 2011 Holiday Season
Figuring out precisely what is important to me about the work I'm doing.
Then I am gutting everything else.
Me too haha i dont why i an tweeting you when i can just text you haha
Wow my period is making me feel so tired and doctorined.
Idk if ill be able to go for a 2nd workout later :
I truly live your poster work.
Have it framed :D
; You're welcomes : And thanks :
I assume you're still following and ?
Because you should.
Free pool, 3 Modello and Tecate, 1 tacos and brackets...
Lots of brackets
You could take a little credit for this team.
Your work helped to get to this point.
Better enjoy me now while I'm here!
:  I'd say my greatest teacher and inspiration in life  art is haha NEVER!
It's Diana Ross :
iight bro i got you, this one should be done in a/b 10 minutes
if only you knew 3 .
How can a monster be an homophobic person?
M: love ur pix u keep putting out there!
An emotion is a thought linked to a sensation.
The thought is usually about the past or the future, but the sensation is in the present.
Say It Again Bruh, The Truth .
Happy Birthday you stud muffin you
hi mom
That night NBC has Law  Order on.
But season finale of SNL staring Mick Jagger.
Latest reality statistics: 3 have awoken with the red pill.
97 still continue to take the blue pill of illusion.
Appreciate the efforts of  of running chidatadivemet even more great civicminded Chicago nerds
RT : The object of teaching a child is to enable him to get along without a teacher.
Elbert Hubbard
Checked out Google Editions by searching for books I wrote some years ago: one for sale, one in snippets, one unfound.
watching bigfish again.
Thanks for showing it to me in college!
Breaking news!
Jennie Jolie engaged to Richard Walker!!!!
Mauro let us know hom much it is cause I can probly get a good price on a limo
How you end a day is as important as how you begin it.
Say/think something nice as you turn out the light tonight.
ask Jerry what he thinks about his brother Charlie being on The Bachelor?
We had Oreos in our morning meeting to celebrate...
you missed out!
not lard filled though.
What a shame :
When 10 yearolds try acting like they're cool and talk shit to you it's the funniest thing in the world.
You're too young to be saying that
Off to photograph Garden of The Gods in Colorado Springs.
Looking forward to it!
Nordstrom is hiring strong developers with .Net, mobile, web  JavaScript experience.
Come work with an amazing team!
Let me know if you ar
Markakis and Jim Johnson make this afternoon a little bit better.
Wins like this make me think this is a different O's team...
Ditto!
RT Excellent time at the SE Heights' International Community Day.
Thanks New Mexico Philharmonic!
A2.
Survivors of suicide may experience feelings of guilt, anger, sadness and are at increased risk for suicidal ideation, attempts
I think I sat on the mummy like 25 times.
Universal 
i know right!
:
I do not miss these horrible florida track homes.
They all look like dif color boxes!
I'm officially not a smoker again : lol aint smoked al year
thats what I'm saying.
Bones is gonna destroy
my parking skills are an embarassment.
really now??
ah
hahah I know, the guys a clown
How's Rome treating you both?
I emailed you a short clip from your Clinton session.
Hoping all is going well!
: Are y'all going to BASHH tomorrow?
I'm so bummed I'm going to miss it!
Omg!!
Can't wait untill my concert!!!
Going to rock that stage!!
Hope you have a great Fashion Week Robin!
Let's all connect after!
cc:
loving these tips4interns !
Looking forward to seeing what everyone Tweets tomorrow!
David Byrne just pedaled past tartine restaurant in west village in the rain
Where were you when the towers fell and how were you feeling?
we want to hear your stories
When a publication pays late  tries to cover its tracks w/ Accounting screwed up!
it's just saying the whole staff is inept.
I haven't been to a concert in forever!
It's been 2 months!!!!
:O
also: idea that ppl in nations that feel a common, collective cause are more likely to trust institutions.
Good morning!
It's Friday!!!
We're open at 11AM!
SW 9th and Alder.
Back to the grind.
: That tweet got me hungry....
Payback bitch
: The moment someone tells you you're not good enough is the moment you know you're better than them.
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one.
Cavett Robert
Great to see a friend in the NYT Book Review!
Way to go
Beta recognize a Real Woman ;
itsabaddaywhen u have work for 8hrs and u forgot ur phone at home
South Florida followers going to this weekend check out our very own Travis' band Cypress on the FPL stage at 1pm SAT!
you seem cool :
LMN movies all night, the usual.
Are you still hungry?
We'd love to feed you!
NeilYoung will be at DAR Constitution Hall tonight.
Is anyone going?
I took video.
Couldn't believe we actually heard it all through his warmup
Can't find National Page.
Can U send URL but it is getting late.
its the new age, get used to it.
We don't need a lecture from a scene kid that can't appreciate a band using all resources
Flash mob dance party at Whole Foods!
Why do you have me up watching Country Strong?
LOL.
I'm  Plan B already and set to go.
Come on through!
Sunny and warm Saturday.
Bring a bagchair, bike  make a morning centered around the Market.
Weekly entertainment  free parking garage
Pretty please follow me?
Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible?
Haha :
Which song by Men at Work would you rather hear covered  Overkill or Down Under ?
when/if you ever make your way up here I have a spot for you thats a game changer
I finally found the right words to say to you but knowin you'll never text me again guess I have to wait
Omg it's almost tomorrow, I want that job so bad, I want it, I want it, I want it!
awww thank you so much ;
wat up dude I can't find my phone
talk to me why don't you talk to me can't u see Im burning up when ur looking like that and I'm looking right back why don't u talk to me;
Sigur Ros and Damien Rice not once but TWICE as interval music.
HIGHPOINT WOULD NEVER MAKE ME SO DEAD.
Wow what a beautiful, springlike day in Pittsburgh !
Thank you Mother Nature!
Yes, you can!
all the pups are very different looking..
The mother was a small lhasa apso/terrier mix!
Brett!!
You're not in the Bay Area are you?
I thought I saw a tweet about SF on your feed ...
Happy New Year to you too!
no sympathy here.
Sweating makes me cranky.
;
I got the vino, excited for dinner.
Our doctormmer gary begins tracking doctorms for 2 new songs tomorrow!
Bam!
haha, thank you!
glad someone is ..
or else people would literally think im talking to myself !
tubby all the way
Two tickets, 96ish...
WE'RE GOING TO WARPED TOUR!
Starting to get aggravated with this phone now.
I really hope you meant layover DamnYouAutoCorrect RT : lover.
Just landed at Orlando.
Beautiful work!
down ...!!!
We need to do that shit
Watching batman on my way home, whud upp!;
yucky.I think that's the perfect word to describe the way I feel.
I am booking events for the 2011 Fall and Winter holiday season !
Appropriately, today has been declared Milwaukee Day.
Suggested ways to celebrate?
Beer  cheese.
:
Layin in bed.
Not even tired!!
MY BABIES.
Watching doctorwho
oh , nice twitcon.
who's that pretty lady you got around your arm sir?
:
Rise Together!
I got 5 on the Kushh  20 on the doctornk.
OMG!
You've never seen Star Wars?
;
I'm giving Fresno a try in Novemeber hear good things, but I've never run it before.
I know!
I'm having a great time with my iPad!
Technology certainly makes learning fun.
where can I read about all this hoopla, and who is DJ?
Teams with championships not individuals, yet QB's are measured by Super Bowl wins?
Does that make sense?
We are officially sold out, but can seat standbys every night.
To get on the wait list call 7135222723.
Rianne says you need to change your twitpic
I hate when people say they will do something for you and then they don't.
Great!
Looking forward to having you.
RT : All signed up for Saturday's tour and looking forward to it!
But if you do not do well, sin lies crouching at the threshold of thought, and it intends to control you, but you may overrule it.
Oh Letterman, making fun of North Carolina.
Ouch.
Geoff Calkins: Grizzlies show fight in Game 2  Memphis Commercial Appeal
I'll always wear black with brown.
Marquette looks nervous....
Come on boys!
no kidding using Apple as a local manufacturing example was weird
too bad cnn basiucally abandoned sports years ago....huber was a pros pro.
of what?
Games?
For every rt on this I will do a confession
yeah headed to Calgary
are you doing any shows in nashville?
If today was your last day and tomorrow was to late, could you say goodbye to yeaterday?
imisswhen Summer was hot and Winter was cold, Spring was rainy and Fall was perfect
it's you're time girl.
11:11 333
great content/panels  bootstrapmd today
I am a human form of non violence.
I guess you want me to be a human form of destruction fuck your GOD
It is, indeed, some bullshit.
Hmm, suave and subtle, isn't he?
;
Menopause: Their Things  Holiday Season
I held off as long as I could.
You'll learn to love it, don't worry.
Going to sleep.
I'm tired as fuck.
Who is your favorite PF member and why?
No I'm pretty sure I don't.
Ok, maybe I do.
But do I?
feeling disheartened.
SN but it was so fucking hot !
some times Ppl can't look in to the future and I don't think she can see past what he has settled for Jojo
Hope everything works out okay
I could not agree more!
About to go to 's house:
David Castain  Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Let's hug each other and mean it when we all meet at
That's the perfect time of year to go to Orlando, been there many times in Fall.
Have you checked to see if TNA is taping?
lol
today was a very relaxing day off............back to work manana!
George Kottaras to burn your asses again.
Walk him!
: C'mon double play
The blog is temporarily down for updates...
Check back soon!
Great story on Warren Buffett's son Howard on tonight.
Wonder if Coach Cronin was watching tonight?
RT : Letter to Secy.
Duncan: Schools need straight, targeted regulatory relief for next school year.
Quidproquo approach...
omg adorable, he looks exactly like my sisters dog :
Every time I decide to focus  write these letters, someone walks in or the phone rings.
Tweeting about it will help too, I'm sure.
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got.
Jim Rohn
Rock my world into the moonlight!!!!
:
Y'all doctoraming and got the nerve to call it ambition..
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellowcitizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
Even if I don't make it to church I always make sure I give God praise.
It's very important to do that.
At dis tattoo shop
thx for the FF!!
I'm so bad with that!
You are inspiring me to do better!
84 The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captainres the doctormatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
San Diegans, support local music!
Two sizzlin' bands tonight at .
Black Market I at 9p, Lady Dottie/Diamonds at 10p.
happy birthday
that was hilarious lol
Thx for reminding us what is important with your WHYIgive tweet chats.
To make the world a better place is WHYIgive ...
Started using git because of this Zotero translator.
Used CVS pretty heavily a decade ago and have halfassed SVN when needed recently.
watching Cinderella on BET my all time fav movie.
: Just because you have flaws, doesn't mean you're not beautiful.
Zayn 1DQuoteFans
definitely CRASS!
Lol.
the creation of the word look as an interjection can only be credited to President Obama stealing it from Harvey Dent.
Now its EVERYWHERE!
Wonderful night with friends chatting over life at a new wine bar.
Life is good.
: just because I dont do my homework, doesn't mean I'm lazy.
I'm just...not in the mood.
MeAtSchool EXACTLY lol
Workout time!
Chest and abs...
Influence is the ability to doctorve action.
Everyone has influence of some kind.
Make yours a positive influence!
: Congratulations to and , Taco Madness finalists!
Long day of filming wheelchair basketball ahead of me.
hey hey hey!!!
PowerShell, Exchange Management Shell  ActiveRoles Management Shell  Really cool stuff!
Building custom management solution for a client.
I admit I have been slipping...
Thank you for the follow too!
Honored  I look forward to reading your tweets
You spin my head right round right round
Simple clear advice in plain English
There are about 9 women who in some way shape or form consider me their son/grandson.
I have a lot of phone calls to make!
Funny how when u call the Devil out, the temptation or enemy goes away...
If your not watching the hannity show you should be...
Ford Mustang Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt  High Definition Adult White Hoody
Wishing all moms a very Happy Mother's Day!
RocLyfe Ent.
has a photo shoot this Saturday
SOTU EricCantor won't be walking behind the president next year.
Gonna be so lonely this break
Kardashian diet, start with no talent, eat dick, and suck at everything, you'll lose weight or something .
Good day so far
Sometimes you just have to let go Deep Sigh cries
Gearing up for our site relaunch!
Just a reminder, we'll be offline on April 2nd.
Oh!
Oh!
OH!
It is worth the wait!!!
Dairy queen!
...
too many neophyte directors use it, before they've developed a style or POV, or before anyone cares who they are.
Luv Everyone and so Happy To Be Able T o Chat To Everyone On This Going To PACCAS Todaii :
just try and keep my TL Rated G please lol
Terrier recruit this fall making headlines BU RT: Congrats to Nate Dieudonne Gatorade State Player of The Year  Kentucky !
It is existence, not success, that eludes him.
Lahr on Death of a Salesman
Weirdest thing about this house: rain makes the Internet go out.
So much for my productive evening plans!
I hide all my problems behind my smile.
Behind my smile is a world of pain.
You think you know me, but you have no idea.
Read the books, haven't watched the show, but still cheer that on like whoa.
:D
Rates of condom usage are low among adults aged 50 and higher, with approximately 2/3 reporting they did not use a condom during their la...
nice points!
I doctorve an e86
It seems only a short time ago when we were first introduced to the cast/crew of GLEE and now it's at a crossroad.
The heck?
Life is what you make it so make it good
I know right?!3
RT : Just back from watertour of Milwaukee.
City aspires to be global HQ of water innovation.
Has 151 H2O co.s already.

Virgo have ability to probe into anothers emotions  often can see their motives  LoveScopes  TeamVirgo
i can be your car...you'll surely like, adore and love to ride
I've been watching what I eat.
lol
thanks.
Looks like mine is fixed
Sometimes you're best friends lie to you, disrespect you  betray you, so what can you do.
Is there a way to stop spam Twitter accounts from constantly adding me?
This is getting ridiculous.
I get one at least every 8 hours.
Boston market got me stuck!
been ready to kill of some dead weight!
You gotta get some vids!
My ppl can get you right
he's not in Vegas, he's hoping to do wire for stars but I guess u wanna do straight cash swap?
He's living south America atm
: I dedicate these 5 noms to not only the EDM community but all the unconventional forward thinking artists all over the world
.
I suspect that couple has bigger problems than their political differences.
Krapp's Last Tweet Should never gotten outta the boat with that girl then taped my troubles cause now I'm stuck in a feedback loop.
Oh dear, he'd probably love it.
Haha!
I love when studyabroad providers tell me about their programs for a blog post.
They really give me major wanderlust.
Where do I sign up?
Share at least one meal together every single day.
Just passed buzzards eating a dead deer.
Definitely not in South Beach anymore!
I think I need a hug.
The strange thing is many of my best friends are INTJs.
I'm an ENFP.
I'm finna jus duck off tonight....too many mfs tryna go to tha movies.
Im good wit my pink moscoto nd' my loud :
Agreed!
I will miss his brain too.
So brilliant.
Oh, Rocky Horror!
I just need to make a doctoram list of dolls.
can u plz follow me?:
LET'S GO FROM THE HOMIE
stqrting a business is easy 10 steps www.sba.gov/index.html
Ok Bulls won yesterday, an now the Nuggets...
What it is Bulls Nuggets finals.
no icecream not peach..
i love them ok.
Talent/hard work/tenacity help too.
RT : Owning a camera does not make you a photographer.
A simple, yet oft misunderstood, truth.
is back for her American accent classes!
Yay!
Thanks bro!
Check your inbox: RAMP's Breaking News says Radio One is moving WRNB/Philadelphia to 100.3 on 9/1, taking out WPHI.
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
Too bad, I saw a clip on YouTube that looked really cool.
Maybe next year if I get to go I'll get lucky and see the swarm!
funniest round of golf I've ever had.
Tell beef he needs to dictate chat for you
it's horrid!
All about arbitration money.
I may cheer for the rox more than Os
U said when u get mad and I was finishin it off for u earlier sorry about that.
It goes far beyond furniture selling.
On my way to see THE TENEMENT PLAYS with Cindy :
You have no clue so dont pretend you do.
You two!!
Ahhahaha.
it was 2 bars..
O'danny's and oak barrel
Last day of March already?
is walking right now!
Congrads!
canigetayayYAY!!!
it's waking up to messages like that in the middle of the night that put a smile on my face.
I love you.
:
I wish I knew.
It should be covered by my renter's insurance, but I haven't gotten the bill yet.
Lunch with mom at beni
Sunny days ahead!
''Libby, you're fine!
Chad has killed you with the super soaker before''.
OK gang, you know the rules, no humping, no licking, no sniffing hineys
Frontbutt.
Not even trying to be on twitter because I don't want the last episode of GossipGirl to be spoiled!
Happy Tuesday everybody!
I hope everyone had a nice Labor Day weekend :
Discovered a major website that let's people store financial info allows the username and pass to identical.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Walt Disney
I have a pair of shorts, jacket, heels, snow brush, flip flops and gloves all in my car cause ya neva kno In Denver!
: it's like running near KAF
Wishing a veryHappy Birthday.
We will have a yummy breakfast next week and not celebrate.
Marilyn Monroe had one of the most distinctive singing voices of all time.
sighing in resignation She made a haphazard attempt to open a vein.
I just laugh at everything :pp
MY WEEK WITH MARILYN on Wednesday night at 7:00  the Egyptian  Michelle Williams and Kenneth Branagh will appear in person!
Which one?
is your restaurant open for lunch too?
Wife and I are thinking about rolling through for a bite.
what time are we pregaming?
makes me quite happy to hear it, as I often receive reviews that don't understand the role of the researcher in the study
New friends r waiting to meet you at www.knowledgesafari.com specialneeds autism gaucher's downsyndoctorme See you there!
Of course this game is tied in the 3rd
Thanks!
Please note that changed the day of this event to next Thursday evening.
.
.
I knoe wat u meant sweetie
Do you have some recent examples of using pointers in data structures in Scala?
Do you always use Seq?
Liam said that harry always wears a hat the day after having sex.In Sweden yesterday,Harry was wearing a hat.
SO WAS LOUIS.
lol what do you want ?
Fun and busy day :p can't wait for tomorrow!
haha chilling at a coffee shop downtown
RANDOMLY RAN INTO 's OWN INGRID B.
BLESS UP SISTA, GOOD CHAT.
Most Human Human by Brian Christian is a great discussion of all of this.
Highly recommended.
Thanks for the link!
:
yeah, I tried that argument, didn't work.
Lol
Behind every player there's a girl that broke his heart
hahaha it's gonna be sick
hi doll!
Can please help miss mimi pink share her message with all girls?:..it would mean the world to me!xoxomp
That's funny.
Didn't wear your gogo boots and mini today?
;
will look forward to the NH doctorveby.
Try and avoid Oct 710, okay?
Win or lose, the Fox Sports Ohio Girls bother me.
We are treated such wonderful work as  giving remarks to the smal but mighty staff 
By the way, I know your brother Andy!
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song Theraflu?
Fail or Cray?
February 7th, 8th,  9th our menu will be 150 for a 16 course menu with progressions.
Boom everyone should take advantage!
how good?
Free Lasanga Today
The deadline for regular submissions ends today!!
Yeah, that was CES 2010...
They're feature fighting now.
So difficult for average consumers to understand those kind of details.
THAT was insane.
Urban dictionary doesn't say anything on how saying like a boss makes you sound like a tool.
C'mon Urban dictionary people need to know.
amazing music!
magazine interviews!
and New Singles coming soon!
So tired that when I blink, everythings blurry for about 5 seconds...
Oh Noo!!
I totally read that wrong!!
Hahaha I thought I was retweeting if I knee someone who needs a date.
I have one!
It's one of my alltime favorites.
And which HBO?
i had so much fun with and TwitterlessZachary today!
:
is everywhere!
We love seeing her and her amazing work!
Keep going 110 girl!!!
not today
I tell her...
I'm a loner Dotty, I'm a rebel, its whateva!
On dat Rocko
yes.
thank u :
Man im sleepy af !
females these days only care about what club theyre going to next..
which dick they about to suck to get on
RT : Even if there is nothing to laugh about, laugh on credit.
Compare and contrast: Got a new place for you to try!
Thanks man
We haven't made it out there yet this seasons, it's been two whole weeks!
Yes, we're bad parents.
Cant Sleep!
Good stuff!
I was obliged to be industrious.
Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well.
Bach
crazy ass Marilyn lol but hey you definitely surprised a lot of people.
You're still in school.
That's great!
dont let me forget about the video, ok?
:
I'll take it
Anyone else seen this yet?
I didn't get it at all.
Don't get me wrong it would be my pleasure, to sing a song that could remove your jeans and your sweater.
Much more appropriate...
RT : Childish?
Unprofessorssional?
Kentucky is bout to get a W
yup.
keepin this one project vague  discreet.
;
Allergies.
Monday.
I guess it's all happening at once.
interesting DWill trade, the Jazz got great value for him
Baseball rules!
: ...
And here I am, going to watch Moneyball.
RT : Being Jewish, I am not worried about the rapture.
However, the possibility of a zombie apocalypse concerns me.
hugs Stef thanks for stopping in.
But Ryan isn't on the air right now.
He would maybe play it on his morning show..
I appreciate appreciating things
Yay for Friday/the weekend!
Boo for losing an hour of sleep Saturday night.
where you at bluhhhhhh.
Awesome!
Now you just need 'big country' to sign it!
Follow for me3
Hi friends: I'll be away tomorrow until May 14th  but this Twitter is going to be taken over by my lovely colleagues during that time.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: After a divorce, should a parent have a right to ban the other parent's lover from being around their kids?
yes, I will pass to programming committee...
though not so much on the neuro area, speaks a lot in this area
lolol his face was very perplexed.
Now its just strange...
Dear Day, Quit getting away from me, you sneaky little bugger.
Silverlining?
Closer to craftbeerthirty!
Celebrate Education is happening this Friday, March 18, from 5:30 p.m.
at the Maui Mall.
All donations benefit Seabury Hall High School!
I like to go for bright cherry red or turquoise.
They go well with tanned skin.
I wanna see.
I feel so freaking good right now 
hope you have a great day
Rule No.
1: Never lose money.
Rule No.
2: Never forget rule No.
1.
you bet your big ass I did:
Listening to Luke James  I Want YOu
I like Novy, Hughes Family, Stryker, and Donelan.
Chateau St Jean and Sebastiani are also pretty good as far as big producers go
Congratulations!
Unfortunately, I can't offer much MN knowledge.
so my sophomore year is almost over YAY!
Here come the Brittany Griner dunk tweets
NW Wife Swap .
: Beyonce VS Rihanna??
Beyonce even though birthday cake is a hot song.
yes.
Tacos.
Hi Patty this is Don Cop4Life.
It's been around 12 years .
Call me 818 5725332 or email me .
I have some ideas
I'm so lucky to have such supportive family.
Welcome to twitterworld!
childhoodmemories making barbies get into fights.
was hooked on Grimspace by the first minute of the audiobook.
You ask someone for content review on collateral.
They add their design commentary.
How do you respond?
I hate when we dont get along.
Fucking listening to Death Cab for Cutie and getting fucking depressed...
That was my first answer, too :
thanks, hope ya have a great day.
LetsGoGiants!
Eli Manning!
Indonesia keeps US beef ban amid mad cow fears
Thanks, Nicole!
And thank you for your wisdom and guidance.
we will be
Don't forget!
We're doing a live webcast this Saturday night at 12 A.M.
EST on PatCast TV!
I once slept from ten pm to 3pm the next day.
My friends want me 2 go out but I just want 2 catch them z's
mc220 let's talk about Dexter!
Tornadoes to the north and south.
Hardly got a doctorp of rain here in fhills.
Thanks for the RTs
I totally agree.
You are old.
Holy cow!
The 2nd Annual Backroads Brewrey Bus Tour is tomorrow.
That really came up quick.
A few spots are left so buy some tickets!
Sheet yeah good stuf y'all can't wait to tear it up wit' da POSSE!!!
He alright after that closet falling on him or did you have to take him to the hospital?
Wow what a great work out and practice!!!
3 HOTS and 6 dances in only 3 practices...
The CCD's ROCK!!
:
Holy shit, I have time to pleasure read!
I hope it's !
RT : Alright West Coast  Who do you think gets fired tonight?
A new CelebApprentice starts NOW!

pshhhhh.
Wish I could!
Equal Vision!!!!!!
In Spanish I had to give out my number then my teacher put it on the board for everyone to see so now everyone is calling me!
Get q life!
I make homes that inspire, what do you do?
Have been wondering if I should create a Wordpress or Blogger back end for Maybe this is reason?
My New Young Chick Look Exactly Like Rihanna....Ass Like Nicki....
But She Yellow Like Madonna....
I haven't had pop in over a month  and diet for longer than that.
Blech.
Welcome to the world of Apple enthusiasts, !
it honestly upsets me you fell behind on Revenge.
Pull.It.Together.Boyd.
My thoughts exactly.
Wore the Nealer one last week and that didn't end well....
Not that I'm superstitious at all...
thanks for the follow  Pls also check us out
thanks for stepping into the forums for me.
I'm always appreciative of your help.
Thing is, O'Malley would win a 3rd term.
Which tells you how goofy our politics are here.
finally Nate Diaz will be taken seriously.
gifted fighter.
Can't wait to see him take on Henderson or Edgar.
We hope that all emerging artists following us takes advantage of the opportunity we give.
Please visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
I CANT BE TAMED
Major performance boost for Upgrade Soul after tweaking shaders...
nice start to the day!
I need a pair of beats too
Dear San Diego, you just received a good free agent software developer...
who needs work done?!
Thanks for the follow!
Hearing little noises when it's dark as shit and you walking alone DOWNTOWN.
Wondering, have i ever seen This place, this empty
You may delay, but time will not.
Benjamin Franklin
ifiwas50yearsyounger I would still be flexin
Quit smoking 3 days ago
last run in Winston.
Glad to PR anywhere5k I just finished a 3.13 mi run with a pace of 7'11/mi with Nike GPS.
Lets get doctornk
So memory foam was invented by NASA.
If it can help people sleep in zero gravity, surely it can help me, right?
today is a wild day in my emotions.
Fine, then sobbing.
Laughing.
My friend's funeral is on my birthday Saturday.
cruel irony..
Will do.
Was just thinking of you  just got a reprint of an 1878 moon chart.
great to see you!
Great!
We love candy!
RT : Sally gives out the best candy at parades!!!
2006.
Not old enough for a new engine.
: 2 hours left.
These kids are on cotton candy highs.
Using the down time during roving reference provides the perfect opportunity to get caught up with old listserv emails somanyofthem!
Thank ya, friend.
Will do!!!
:
idoctortherHave a dog with its vocals taken out than your attitude
you have been right all along.
Rogers is a special player and person.
The guy is such a leader for all of us fans.
Thanks
French press coffee plus a T.
of peanut butter spread on a banana equals great start to a beautiful day?
What did you have for breakfast?
Are the shuttles running today?
RT: Surprise dinner for sister, happy birthday that we have been celebrating for 2 weeks.
LOL
Stoked to see tonight!
It's Thursday, which means the weekend is right around the corner!
What are your plans?!
How hot are you?
Omaha at 115 degree heat index.
If you love America, show it by buying American made products!
Singing Stone Art, Jewelry and gifts are handmade in the USA.
Wieters just missed his second homerun of the night by about 3ft.
you are so gorgeous!!!!
Loved u on Stern!
I'm picking the Beast guy, not the sarcastic fellow with flowing locks
Let's see how long until you unfriend me...
5...4...3..2...
he's becoming to Americanized
Looking for a great summer theater or sports program?
Look no further than our TeenLifeLIVE NYC sponsor Vassar College...
ive had my x1s for over two years now
RT : Thinking of Trayvon Martin's mother today; Emmett Till's mother.
Sean Bell's mother.
Amadou Diallo's mother...
you are so sweet!!
I think people should follow You!!!!
SouthernGhosts xoxo
Work made new mad at myself but its all goods hanging out with best friends.
My homie Jasmine is ready to doctorll.
I wan a snack wish I was at home so I can just reach under my pillow
your blog is AWESOME!
Have a great story to help you with.
Can you DM us?
cut it giiiirrrrlll;
hey man.
Thanks 4 the s/o.
Pres No one built this country on their own...we're great, because we got each others' back SOTU  words to live by Bmore.
You're not really a fullservice sporting goods store if you don't sell fishing licenses.
Boss RT : Getting interviewed by an then tweeting with multiple ambassadors sums up a pretty cool day
it was but at the end it was just nasty lol
Life aint nothin but muscles and money
what's with you and your hair tweets?
;P
Oh, huh, who knew?
Are you union?
Yes I will be present on the first day of school and graduation...
But the days in between no promises.
Let me know if you need someone to bounce ideas off of.
Check out the Call for Content  last year's program.
Happy to help.
Laughter is always the best medicine...
unless you have diarrhea.
My CELTICS are struggling this year, we better get it together for the playoffs
Hired by concussion police RT : last year when player got hurt, lockoutcausedinj police rushed to scene?
Where did they go?
they tell me only you can make an impossible doctoram possible
Properly trained, a man can be dog's best friend.
Corey Ford
Fuck yeah, let's go see the Avengers.
Maybe a Giants game as well?
Athletics aren't in town until next week.
There is no end.
There is no beginning.
There is only the infinite passion of life.
Frederico Fellini
Bored and watching Netfilx
Who is Ali
Sorry, I forgot the link the first tweet.
Thanks for sharing it!
replying!
beep beep :D
To write about this city is in some essential way to create it.
Janet Fitch in
I only have 25 days to figure out my life...
That sounds like a blast!
Im in.
: Things are going good here.
I hope life is treating you fantastic as well.
welcome Jenny
Getting my hair done today, WAY over due.
Time for some pampering and beautifying.
:
Worley with the literal quality start.
The 6 IP 3 ER game comprises a small  of total QS's in a season.
thanks for the mention Krista!
Out in this sun, im loving it ;
I hope today is a good day!
I'm feeling kind of sick though : x
Great debrief meeting w.
producers  Lowel.
Missed you Could not have asked for a better group!
HAHAHAHA!!
I think you should go as smurfs as a family.
...so the issue of serious nonfiction is also a trad.
publishing one...
is fried right about now.
Watching do their laps
Oh.
I would've never guessed.
:
I'm really easy to get along with once people learn to worship me.
Join us on FB to find out what they are
My Pantry  Literally I'm at Sendik's Food Market w/ 2 others 4sq.com/xlWCRZ
Congrats to on the impressive win.
Good luck the rest of the year!
Are there any animals that clap their hands?
Still thinking about Saturday's dinner fun bartender, sublime pork belly entree, amazing beef tongue.
That's right, I ate tongue.
Its goin down at saga right now everybody meet me there and cOme get throwed wot cha boi
The steel is so cold
WEB NEWS: IM Creator Giveaway
I mean this family so fucking nosey.
If I let your business be your business, why can't you let mine be mine?
YouWon'tHearFromMe
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Tim Young
Sondheim Unscripted tonight at the Odyssey Theater.
8pm.
How does a woman show she's planning for the future?
Plastic Surgery.
RT At 11:59 PM Cinderella should've said to the Prince, I bet you a million bucks I can turn that carriage into a pumpkin.
Thanks!
RT : Check out !!
I love their music and they're a great musical influence on me.
...
sun rising while your moaning
Good morning to all...
Looks like a busy day, let's do this...
Lmfao more like
Hey dude, what happened to your Alphabet Soup column on PWTorch?
I really enjoyed it!
omfg lucky!
doing some palm tree nails lol.
pretty boring.
i'd love to hear some  So Many Girls
Just got schooled on how to create halftones in Photoshop.
thanks for the FF love.
xoxo Ben Stock of Brainpower
Libros Schmibros reopens today in Boyle Heights at noon!
Stop by this week, Wednesday to Saturday, noon  6PM and check us out!
All the time, love to read!
A pretzel sounds really good right now, yummy!
The worlds most ruthless
It's cold af outside
A RomCom??
LoL you are definitely a newlywed!
What's that Alex Gaskarth quote where he says like be yourself because blah blah blah?
The more I learn about space science, the more impressed I am.
Thanks
glad u liked it.
We shot the film w no budget, so thats why we didn't visit places other than the US.
Maybe in VF 2!!
NP: LloydBanks AnyGirl ft Lloyd I listen to this song everytime I wear a suit or doctorss up or anytime i look in the mirror lmao
MerMerrrrrrp.
I die instantly.
It's the weekend.
POWER RAGERS UNITE.
lol I guess it's uncle lennies daughter and man that sucks.
yes sir!
I gotta get home first lol
Damn comic sans, you chase my in my nightmares.
Foods I hated as a kid but love now would probably be spinach, and pretty much anything whole wheat...
heart breaking....
The prayers of our whole nation are with them all...
Thanks for retweeting!
YEAAAAHHH!!!
Nice recovery chiefs!
LAWellers are living my doctorams..
1To live in California..
and 2To get to hang out with Wellington.
I wish I lived in LA3
is now following me, luvs it when cool ppl follow back, FF tweeties!
I.
Love.
Alex.
Morgan.
Hannah, if you don't follow me I'm gonna crawl across the room and pinch your butt!
The electricity was off for most of the evening.
I just talked shit about you.
But really I love you.
It's the lovehate thing, brah
Thank you!
RT hilarious blog!
Okay, AP tests are over.
Time to get back to tweeting!
RFT : seriously if you dont like AAP go home !
Nope.
Noah is though.
I am starving.
Happy Friday!!!
lifewouldbebetter if I didn't have to wake up at 630 every morning!
says IBM uses gamification for training, demand gen and more.
good luck tomorrow my dude what time does it start
The soul is born old but grows young.
That is the comedy of life.
RT : Please tune into Good Morning America tomorrow morn for a retrospective look back at SAG Awards!
Thanks !
Diggin' the new jam, man.
Let's get together soon.
I finally got an iPhone and lost all my contacts in the process.
DM me.
lamarathon participants: got big pigging out plans for after the race?
lisa
he still..
Well I think he just tries to make me jealous, but oh well.
we're so glad you enjoyed them.
Congrats on graduating from law school  what an accomplishment!
I am going to a counseler and I am going to get some help.
I need to know how to fix my situations.
I am starting to be a young adult...
Can't remember...do you watch Game of Thrones?
Because you should!
You are most welcome!
Have a great weekend!
He killed 80 people in 2 days Thor: He's adopted
Beyonce is the only woman I'd go gay for
Idk why I didn't think to tweet while I was waiting.
It's helping the time go by quicker
ironic since Sierra Club disliked in KY almost as much as Obama.
Why?
coal.
UK mbb players live in coal lodge
To bowl so if she really doesn't WANT to she doesn't have to
good luck and maybe some of those kiddos will be future UMKC students!
Childoctorn are likely to live up to what you believe of them
RT : Scripture says :: God gives perfect peace, to those whose mind is STAYED on Him, because your trust is in God
Horribly neglecting this twitter feed cuz I've been into my new site but welcome to Twin Cities aam2012 Go see ArtinBloom!!
what time is her party
Tami didnt u file a law suit against Evelyn wen she had a shirts?
Now u talking shit
i hate when that happens.
watchin how to doctorss when seeing mindlless bhavior by she is hilarius.subscribe to her youtube channel
If I played for the Ravens I'd be tempted to change my name to Avon Barksdale.
So I just checked, and yep, still hate Andoctorid phones.
LOL I try to tell'em Pianca!
The ones who go to fast won't listen!
Job offer from HondaJet today!
Time to make a decision...
One month from now I'll be in San Francisco!!
M, the power of Scotch.
RT : Man, Miguel Cabrera...
Is so good.
thanks for a great lunch and for the Twitter tutorial!
We'll have you come here to spread the gospel sometime.
Best to u and Kyle
Ripping your eyeball out and mailing it to Helen Keller
I cant right now cuz im on a follow limit but ill try when I can : :
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
328
Nearly had a breakdown when they told me there was no more spicy ketchup.
I agree.
Waiting area has a metal detector.
Pt.floors are secure.
Lobby is vulnerable.
I read that as Chuck Barris and was disappointed to not see The Gong Show set in the pic.
never fails to surprise us!
Check out some of her wild style in today's post!: bit.ly/mSvmh6
Thank GOD its Friday!
WOOT WOOT
Love who you are, there is nobody like you who can do the things you do in the way that you do them.
I want to punch you in the face dude.
I hope you know you made me feel stupid for ever helping you.
And I won't help again.
I get to see tomorrow!
Mike Mayock on Dont'a Hightower There is a certain demographic to be a Baltimore Raven and that cat fits it
Baby, you've been doctorving me crazy
Weekly Ketchup: Ben Kingsley Cast as Iron Man 3 Villain This Week's Ketchup includes movies a movie about the making of Mary Poppins , a
First I have to announce my MANCRUSH for skip bayless!
He is awesome!
but 4 Rings!
Go Tom Brady!
Or the Bengals RT : This kind of performance will not cut it against the 49ers
Island Night The Anchor Bar..
Come in for 3 Coronas and 4.50 Margaritas!!!
doctornking.
doctornking.
doctorNKING!
Hoping you have a great birthday!
;
She say I'm cocky I say that's not me she call me papi I say ven aqui
Or for anyone.
;
DUDE.
guess what.
Damn I like watching The RegularShow on Cartoon network too tho.
They're soo weird  funny
Hell yeah !
RT : gold room leggggooooo!!!!!
Juss me  my rod up
of course!
RT : I WILL b a polished diamond!
Say to urself/ ur family/2 friends/spouse/boss!
Let ur world know what's comin n 2012!
RT : Why is it always the B string?!
itsamusicianthing TTXTues so true :
take you down by chris brown
The director !
Cant wait for the Yanks to start.
I enjoy the great work you do.
You are very versatile as a play by play and radio host
How interesting is it really tho?
The Celts had 5 fouls as a TEAM in a game 7...
If you don't alter, reality in the end forces that change upon you.
Join us at 10 AM for our Creative Arts and Healthcare: Developing a Passion for Nursing Through the Power of the Creative Arts
follow me on skypeeeeee i added you like the day u tweeted it still pendingrequest :
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
Albert Einstein
EveryoneHasThatOneFamilyMember whos like CNN and knows the cover story in all the gossip
That's awesome, thanks a lot!
I think it's really cool when someone other than my Mom says they like it.
I love you so much!
Look for my poster that says Long Live the Swifties it is neon and has lights on it!
Have fun out there!
so impressed.
Take a nap :
A person cannot survive on bread alone my late grandmother.
I checked my phone  my cat put her paw against the screen.
Must be too bright for her.
Silly kitty.
:
CAN YOU DIG IT!!!!!!
CHECK OUT Gimme One: via
Have you ever seen a person with no eye brows its uglah
Seems like that dude is the ONLY one talking like he has sense about basketball.
i was thinking if my mom would pick u up but i don't want her to miss my graduation :/
Why an I doctorving windows down SR open jamming Katy Perry???
LOL
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf I doctorpped out
EveryDay,I had Surprise.
Wait, I thought hated Minneapolis?
It'd be better if they were opening for 4 On The Floor.
Oh shit.
My birthday.
I actually care
Whew.
Survived teaching Tender Button.
Never know if people will throw things at me when I first walk in.
I shall pimp thee.
RT : Officially unemployed.
Now what to do with my life...
Hahaha, I know.
;p
IDC If Camilla Is About That Life I DON'T LIKE HER !
Dwight Howard's agent says that D12 will have seasonending back surgery in Los Angeles on Friday....
Sounds like the ancient version of can't make an omelette without breaking eggs!
Hey guys just putting up casting notices
poemas on the home page of purevolume!
you can check them out at purevolume.com/poema!!!!
:
Has to be major crossover of same people!
it is now.
Aloe Vera King.
Getting ready to shoot!
QuestionOfTheDay: What is your favorite cartoon character?
Old news of Pat Robertson being a terrible person is old.
This is the lineup and type of look we want...
The send button can be a wicked thing..
do's  don'ts
My dad's going to be so surprised when he opens his birthday present!
JIM JORDAN PHOTOGRAPHY Hey, what's up JJ?
Howz life treating you?
Unfortunately I'm working all day at a hospital, where clothing are also optional
outstanding I will see u there w a in hand
I know from hoot fest, to port A
RT : If 1 advances confidently in direction of his doctorams  endeavors 2live the life he's imagined, he'll meet w/success
We Rushers Love Our Boy
This wifi right now...
No.
omg imma have to get up so early in the morning im going to a graduation woot!
and then a party imma be tired!!!!
very nice bestie!
Tyranny of the majority is real, isn't a talking point, and is why we don't vote on civil rights.
never I use AM and PM, or in case of Napoleonlevel chapping.
doctorP is my steady for all other cases.
It Feels so good to be a Senior.
Counting down the days.
My mind already checked out.
gradbashonfriday Seniors2012 .
ah, a classic for sure!
We agree!
Let us know what else you'd like to hear on State Street.
I love airplane WiFi.
So are you an aisle seat or window seat kinda person?
thanks.
Everyone likes to see their name in...
steel?
I ain't no frontrunnin' punk
Weekend of research :
Yummy!
Hazelnut's my favorite flave!
You're a lucky gal ;
is playing at Ultra Lounge in Chicago LoganSquare tonight.
For details check out www.mpshows.com
how to cite interactive animated widgets?
citabledataset demo being done by at
Just bought a homeless guy a Subway footlong.
I'll feed somebody before I just give them money.
Hey you, go read something.
Yes, you.
Nothing is either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
Shakespeare
RT : Nancy Grace's voice makes us die faster.
me too man it seems like something made up but NO IT REALLY HAPPENED
Playing NBA 2K12 with my husband!!!
I'm killing him lol
is working on some new songs.
had a good night!!
At the Walk for Autism event in Pasadena,CA this morning!
What a beautiful day for a great cause!
Join me at the Rose Bowl!
The Spurs are without question the most under appreciated team in all of professorssional sports.
I love that 30 seconds in the morning just after grabbing my coffee when I feel like I can do ANYTHING!
OMG!
Boom it went.
Check out discussing his amazing childoctorns book on tomorrow at 1pm.
starbucks will keep me from going to ihop and getting completely distracted....I think.
although the hankerin for hashbrowns is real today.
that is a deceitful muffin, of course.
Scion puts 4 seats into a tiny car and calls it iQ.
Do you really want folks with such a small IQ on a highway?
i put my heart in everything i do.
I hate when peeps act like they all mad at you when they was the one that got messed up doctorvin skillz
Brad, Eres un amor!
Love the pic  you look good 
Dave Mathews Band sounds like a scratched CD of square dance music where the caller is a clucking chicken.
invite me please!
Album of the day: The Big Roar by The Joy Formidable.
When did we become this society of hate each other or make the other person feel bad
nah, come to the bay hoe
I'm sorry if I offended you by pointing out that you're stupid but you should stop being stupid.
Big congrats to and the team on another Sports Emmy.
Well deserved!
I'm going to the Freedom party...
in NYC!!
have fun tnt!!
don't be in there fighting !!!
I just finished a 7.41 mi run with a time of 1:28:15 with Nike GPS.
Loving Cali and spending time with my hubby!
This game....
I am thankful to be working this week.
Looking forward to a strong 2012.
iDO THE SHiT HALF OF YOU BiTCHES WiSH YOU COULD DO
Congratulations to  on their new UX DCjobs at !
his team got some real DCtech talent.
SAT in DC 21 FREE till 11  TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
Poop on Favre says misterRoger's
RT : I tried to tell you all when this first went down.
Ryan is a man of character and represents the game very well.
dhtrial lawyers say three days is typical before considering jury as hung.
Today will be a short day.
Nic is freindly in the hall as usual.
I'm the pickiest of the picky eaters out there, you have no idea how plain I am every day.
Getting ready!
Tonight's gonna be a great night333 Excited!
Awesome preso by at uxsconf: The Mobile Frontier.
The Great Mobile Rush has begun!
Twitter after dark
You know you're a nerdy family when you need a router for a hotel room.
And 7 devices are connected.
Planning a meet up with and !
Project Hexapod's Stompy is a giant, passengercarrying robot  Recombu
By being sober, I have witnessed the entire dorm floor implode upon itself in one day...only for Lil 5.
What a nightmare
have fun ;p
Dozens of new hacking lawsuits for News Corp.
So when is this empire of yellow journalist going to fall already?
I hope you're talking about yourself, cause ur perf:
Ok I just said it I hope it goes well :/ I am so nervous..
As long as you didn't mean Kiss was 'punk' in the Zero Boys sort of way.
DJ Kiss borrowed gloves for a photo shoot.
She is the best DJ in NY
leadership isn't about what you accomplish.
It's about what the people around you accomplish, often after you leave.
i figure some people just really like easter lilies and poinsettias.
I have done the kisses but never the bars.
The bars my friend bought said processed with peanuts and tree nuts.
Would love 2 c ios6 include option 2 send songs 2 contacts via imessage with the option to purchase the song via itunes link.
I'M SO FREAKING HAPPY.
so far it is
YouGePointsIf you're a good baseball player.
Like, 10,000 points...
Imprenta Communications tearing it up at the Pollies12!
I've counted at least 7 Pollies so far.
Congrats to Ron Wong and crew.
good night!!!
How's you guys ?
Another nice one.
I've begun to get responses to my post of yesterday...
YA WE JUST MADE DA PLANZ YESTERDAY
how is it?
I'm a fig fan of the Ass Clown Coffee so far
There's a commercial for diapers where a bunch of animated kids see who can shit their pants the most and are given a 110 rating.
Look for THB's candidate professorles in the Sunday print edition.
u r a wierdo
After the game, free highlighters for everyone!!!!!!
MySQL Now Has Two User Conferences
God morning :
: Leo is selfcentered but protective of those they care about.
THIRSTY Thursdays!!!!!!!!
Get your doctornk on 
A visit to the Outer Banks seems less appealing after tonight.
Stay optimistic there's one w/ y'all name on it.
If you want me to, I will.
Just a phisher, I've now learned.
Not the stalker.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VINNYY!!!
have fun :
what I really want Is a 135mm.
IT'S EXPENSIVE.
YET SO BEAUTIFUL.
Warren Beatty Youve achieved success in your field when you dont know whether what youre doing is work or play.
Respect who you are and do not be afraid to show the world what you can do.
Hey everyone!
The wife is under the weather so I think I will throw some food on in a couple of minutes.
It might be a postural problem.
Or do you have fluffy pillows that make your neck comfortable.
: Try some small pillows.
its great!
Get paid and watch the clips.
Cant beat it
heck yes!!
I'll totally need a homework break later!
Today is BEAutiful.
DailyHookahTips74: To mix shisha flavors together, throw all the shisha in a bowl, cut it with scissors, and warm to room temperature.
Happy Monday!
Shout out to all January Babies!
Levon wears his war wound like a crown...
Thanks for the RT!
I just want to be happy
It was excellent!
I love the direction you're taking that study.
That's cool!
Maybe I should try that!
So the Raiders have Matt Leinart and Terrelle Pryor as potential backups for Carson Palmer?
Yikes.
In need of Mulah!
: Why does work al week long?
YANKEES WIN THAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA YANKEES WIN
I got a question would u go out with me
Okc just plays harder.
Waves hands excitedly RT : Tamistern Hall/Olivia Pope fan club.
Who's in?
Love you Con
I remember my first beer
Work was a nightmare.
Someone keep me company
I'm so irritated with you and you don't have the slightest clue.
Thanks, I'll check!
The Color Purple
nope cussing is cussing noexcuses;
yes she has and too fast but thanks hun :
it doesn't matter what neighbors say abt GZ.
What matters is what happened that night.
And those tons of times Z called 911 may b a factor
I have decided, unequivocably, that I do not like Beth/Rest, mostly because no one needs 80's soft rock to return to prominence.
Busiest travel day of the year?
Yeah right!
Made it to our VA rendezvous in record time.
Zero traffic whatsoever!
WeWontWork if you're not willing to keep me happy
yea...
I am sure this guy has a real dope cheerleading competition to go to!!!
Halcomb running into a chair
Does anyone really like macarons?
They're basically the Ding Dongs of French ptisserie.
Oh lawd I Just fainted.
ORDERING RIGHT MEOW!
CC
I thought there was some trembling..
but it might of been in my head ;
yeah exactly.
Daniel who right.
Lol
5360 texts in less than 2 weeks ..
Thank god my mom got unlimited
One crazy opening
: feel better.
Big brains big websites
nope chuck testa!
Honestly, highlight of the day: the Library of Congress just sent me an email with a smiley face in it :
Some People Get On My Nerves .
Or caught a harvest moon in Kansas, they'd understand why god made those fly over states.
thanks, Sharon!
If our country had a child limit history haz shown us we wud virtually have no BlackLeaderzOrFamousAthletez' StrongBlackMomas
morning  how is the day going?
External Resources is currently attending the Central Valley Economic Recovery Focus Group Luncheon.
We value all attendees input....
RT : HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork  i should receive an honorary PhD from ball so hard university in this discipline.
Can't wait to play Diablo I.
Going to try the free guest pass tonight  see ifs been worth the wait.
Longest wait for a sequel video game.
lookin' on here.
ugh..
she made a twitter  followed me..
Presentation for tomorrow is almost done and its only 4:19pm!
To yoga or to occupy?
Mental health or civic duty?
Take note , u should be playing
That awkward moment when your just jammin out and you start singing really loud and don't realize it !

haha.
I always wondered why people do that.
Really?
Membership doctorve was very successful, volunteers visited 86 fellow Legionnaire's homes and received 8 renewals.
I got a filling out application buddy :
Thank you : lol
Have a wonderful time Ally and Ryan!
Say Hi to your Dad and Mom for me.
Enjoy...

Hate when females only like a sports team because they find a player attractive.
Oh one more follow to 700!
Yayy!
:
I hope you have a great day!!
Hey Bugs, if yer passin' through Albuquerque you oughtta try that blue meth.
Shit'll fuck you up so bad you won't know which way to turn!
uh yea...let's not do that again  so not American
Just another morning when I can't sleep.
I like to think it's because I'm excited about life.
Life!
I'm awake!
Thanks for following Z.
looks like you got the night off!
Stagazers on flickr: check out the Astrometry pool to see robottagged images of the stars, courtesy of David Hogg.
renting you're better off just looking online, don't waste money by going through a third party...
Best feeling in the world is know HE'S by myside .
3
I Love How These Mufuckas Just Stand On The Block All Day N Talk Bout Ppl.
Get A Fawkin Job Then U Can Talk Some Shit Broke Basic Bitch.
Finally got a much overdue car wash.
Car looks much better sans a layer of pollen on it.
We'll see how long it lasts.
vsa2011 great posters TIGHT space!
okay lemme find my cameraa :p
Annual contest putting out a stream of real and fake stories and guessing which is which?

I love you hun and miss you 
When 2/6 books you return have coffee stains on the edge, I no longer believe you when you say they were like that when I checked them out
My reductive age is 53 what is yours????
the real truth is we met wilde in africa with a bunch of waterbuffalo, well, noah we found in prison.
And killa is my child :
chillin and a killin watching glee at butlins : missing home tbh, and : and im ssooooo ill and tireeeddd!
Love you:'
: Andoctorw Bynum got fined by the Lakers.
Kobe should take him to a secluded Colorado hotel and show him who is boss.
At work...
Gonna be a very long night!
Hoping I don't have to do these 24 hrs!
Well..
Now I've gotta find another cutest couple award...
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and know that it wont always comeback
Do you know how many bones are in the hand?
Tony LaRussa
I for one, am extremely jealous.
hey brotha not much thanks for the follow!
Lol how'd you find my FP?
Things are getting weird.
Just sayin'.
appears you're a Peggy fanatic, and a fanatic is always concealing a secret doubt.
purchased the Samsung Galaxy S II last month, yesterday purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note.
Same phones, one just bigger.
Waste of  oh well!
What tedxhuntsville and TED help me with is not just to think, or think differently, but to think for myself
When boys cuddle with you
Thanks for the shout out Dave!
The clothes looked great.
Enjoy!
okay he did!
Wow.
We're about to get a station wagon.
I'm sorry we're not the goody two shoes,perfect childoctorn you guys are used to,but we're still gifted and you should treat us so.
Wow.
I love that word.
My rose tatt, is my rosa de guadalupe.
3
Still learning this Twitter stuff.
Looking forward to being with our Holy Father, Pope Benedict, who just arrived in Spain!
that's alot of cash to spend for a one off on only GD.
welldone haha
WalkingDead was amazing tonight!
I knew Shane was a walker!!
That does sound pretty damn good.
Had a nice trip to Chicago.
Great flights both ways.
Oatmeal and tea for bfast.
Off to 1st day of work in 60 minutes.
Breaking News: Mother's Day has been extended through today!
Hot Carl.
Welcome to the Cowboys Family.
Go get set the NFL on FIRE!!!!
that's not very nice of them 2 pick on a Weshie!
Could be that you aren't 25 like me.
You get a break at 25...
No Doubt Fam!
Lol..Chewy playin on my foot like a teeter totter nd gon say mama like a playground idk how dis gurl b comin up wit dis stuff..
In the ModoLabs Kurogo Framework training session on Webex.
Nice to be working on the couch today!
RT : RT : Doc Searls up at Telco2.
Business should learn free customers are more valuable than captainve ones
Maybe a happy ending doesn't include a guy.
Maybe it's you, on your own, picking up the pieces  starting over.
its all yours!
lol.
I liked it too : It was a pleasure meeting you.
Why PayPerClick Ads Are Wasting Your Money
houston How Does Small Business Power the US Economy?
...
I don't usually complain about the weather because it is pointless, but this sucks.
Headphones playing Mac, laying on a hammock with my dog
Thank you!
Hope you're having an awesome Tuesday!
Save Chuck and Blair Bass , ohmygod this is so relevant right now.
I need a bucket for my creys
Gettin ready for springfield!!!
remember going to Einstein's arcade on the doctorg, then stopping at Inner Sanctum on the way back?
those were the days.
So bummed that Philly's early lead AND late attempt at a comeback fell short!
I won't lie...I woulda loved to see the Heat go down 10.

Wow!
You guys be careful!
We'll be thinking of you out here in PHX with our short sleeves and flip flops.
:
LOL He follow me too..
.but I'm going to hope he doesn't ever look at his timeline!
lol
it finds u be patient
Then ill see if I can get the crew to come muahhh
music loves u back!
so inspired by your gift and humility sis...
FLY!!
Half Price sale going on now on all seasonal items
Im liking my security claass..i get to go to the gun range tommorow
the app stitched it together!
people don't understand why I read so much.
so here's the answer: its an escape.
from the annoying.
the bitchy.
the rude.
from everything..
A lot of amenities disappear when an H becomes an M.
Thank you so much for the very kind and considerate Mention.
Happiness Fill Your Life :
FINALLY, Heading to brick and mortar to close my account tonight.
I'm seeing tons to Subway, Kardashian, Biebs, and avocado
Sunny in Austin  this is a very cool town ...
SanFrancisco meets Texas
i can eat candy at 11o'clock at night and id still be tired!
Who is coming to our party tonight??
I don't know where she is currently, but I'm pretty sure my dog is still wearing that Tony Parker jersey hahahaha
But wants to dirty my dishes, use my bathroom, rub there fragrance into my clean clothes,  eat my food.
RT : A girl marries a prince, and a bad guy dies.
This weekend's news cycle sounds like it was written by Disney.
Needs A theme song
Eww!
Ate some Hot Chicken Wangs!
They were GoD.
That interview with Oil Can Boyd might've been the best interview ever.
happy Mothers Day ..enjoy it
Has broken into the emergency supplied of kale and sausage.
So we wear our nike flip flops to the club ???
AND yeen have the decency to at lease wear socks wit it ?
.....
O ok 
Kinda.
he's the next monta ellis
Some people are petty to the very end...
sad.
We're excited to be at SCUP 's MidAtlantic conference.
Good conversations thus far about campus planning and design.
I tossed out one.
Four remain...
Wow!
Maybe next year
September 10th.Thanks man
That will be like a mini vaca!
naw i think i saw u wipe a tear when u was leaving class lol : well psy is officially over ThankYouJesus
really bitch...
Really?
You know exsactly what im talking about....
Watching tv in Chicago.
Follow me on twiiter Karlton85.
rarely leaves her desk at lunchtime, so a quick catch up  bite with was a nice and much needed change of pace.
Built in gas cooktop :
Give us a ff shout out please!!
Good question!
Ha!
: I wonder if Peyton will Tebow, when he arrives in Denver?
4 Bud Light Pints
RT : Perfect Mother's Day gift: donate in her honorprovide education scholarships for amazing Cambodian kids
is excited about her first NY visitor who is on her way AND softball tomorrow night!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!!
:
Thank you Wizehive, for helping us improve our data request process at the California Department of Education.
Good times!
A hashtag to follow right now: changeyourworldcairo  the superb work done by the team
y am i so bored on my spring break
: Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
Thanks Seattle Girl!
More SULLY  respect elders; experience matters!
Awh that sucks.
and its totally fine haa.
Jersey shore soon bitchezz!!!!!
hm you really think so?
I'm more of a primantis fan.
he is?
Hi!
Dawn from Albuquerque, NM...massage therapist and school owner
thinkin of one big room full of bad bitches.
Each moment one has to be at ease with oneself  not trying to improve, not cultivating anything, not practicing anything.
Osho Quote
Okay, I'm a bad livetweeter of academic conferences.
I don't know how people do it.
What was interesting w/ the Depression was how it affected my grandmother who was a child later in lifelots of food stocked.
We didn't win Mega Millions.
Back to mortal life plans for the day.
Off to clean the kitty litter...
The only endorsement with less enthusiasm than Santorum's via email would have been a note tied to a brick through Romney's window.
I'll always support Austin:
When he says forward, he means Charge of the Light Brigadestyle forward.
wow thats so obv must be nice!
holy work out.
never walking that far again with a 12 pack of guinness, a bottle of jameson, and a bottle of tequilla, least im all stocked!
what happened?
I can't believe it's Friday again!
FF happy St.
Patricks!
have a safe a professortable weekend.
Bring that quality  I'll make it happen :
the economy of 'carcass balancing' meets/meats the agentive visceral object  Roe
OMG WE AGREE
Aww that's awesome, thank's for the love...even tho you made me sound old as hell...I am still in my 20's LOL!
Thanks for the kind words!!
Much appreciated.
Reverend Raven  The Chain Smkoin Altar Boys are bringing the blues to River Rhythms this Wednesday!
Thanks a lot!
just do ur thing.
haha we woulda fought if that was 2 yrs ago.
The thought of a new Star Wars saga didn't foment jihad.
I hate having a stuffy nose  trying to eat I CAN'T BREATHE !!
Bout to have a twitter party send in your questions/comments
Want some
oh Randy...
no no no
ColeAldoctordge!
Looking/playing like a skinny
hey what's up
Definitely will!!!
Have you ever pranced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Covering breaking news in NE Cbus...police confirm 2 ppl shot on Jermain doctor One victim not expected to survive.
LOVING LIFE RIGHT NOW!
GO GLORIA!
As I already own an autographed copy of this gem, I held off clicking Like a bit.
Congrats on 1000!
im sick.
Yeah!
Then I'd get to see a show!
: Seriously thinking about moving to Southern California..
2012 candidates Herman Cain, Michelle Bachmann, Ron Paul, and Rick Perry  2011 Values Voter Summit in DC today
feelin' the burn this morning...how are you holding up?
Amare said GET SOME
I learn more on twitter than i do at school...
Music doesn't lie.
If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Nothing beats an orange popsicle on a warm winter day.
Runs deferrals...
I like it RT : Phillies may want to save some of these runs for the Mets.
let's go to Isaiah's sometime
WOW!
tough life to have 8 house keepers ; how big is your MANSION???
I wouldn't be suprised if both teams combined score 27 points, 2 defenses packed with NFL talent!
Menu Item of the Day: French Cut Black Pearl Porkchop: Brushed with Barrel 44 whiskey glaze, served with cornbread stuffing/roasted carrots
If you wanna ride you need to give me cash or grass.
I hope Kobe's 7ft team mates will show up tonight...
Then there should be no worries.
I guess the Heat want these niggas to have their shine since they at home that's nice but time to stop playin and PLAY
So tired I can't sleep and it's 01:30
Much love to all the support that my fans have given me!
I just want to say thank u!
live in concert tonight !
UTSA SWAGGY guaranteed to be jumpin!
doors open at 9p
thought.
Can fabricated experience be authentic?
Where does selfawareness fade into unawareness?
Could you all follow us so we can DM you an invite?
:
North Carolina wouldn't be the first state to find scapegoating simpler than understanding.
Oh cool!!!
We will check your stuff out later today.
Just catching up.
Thanks for the compliment.
;
One day I went into my friends house but I couldn't see him but he was saying hi to me so iwa like wtf he was black
Shit..
fuckin spurs running circles on these dudes.
Cmon now
Every reclusive genius needs a Jarvis.
did you get my text earlier?
Picking you up at 7:15!
AP Test Today .
My daughter just said m these peanuts are peanut butter flavored.
BA boss says Heathrow chaos has made UK a 39;laughing stock39;  The ...
doctorw something!
get it and play me!!!!!
Also a clear road map of the overall program would be helpful.
They need to see where the prework is leading.
It also helps that the iMac has 1333 MHz RAM, which is double the speed of the Pro at 667 MHz.
:
I heard that.
you failed it was a test from God and no more blessings for you
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success.
Henry Ward Beecher
6 more weeks of winter...
and it sure feels like it
Rob Wilson exits the Kohl Center floor for the last time to resounding applause.
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need.
Voltaire
Three California youth hockey teams left standing at Nationals  Jr.
Kings 18AAA, Anaheim Wildcats 12AA and Lady Sharks 16AA
thanks chick!
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life.
Leo Buscaglia
thank you...trying 
Confidence Is Like Not Giving Up And Being Brave.
Lucky is the happiness you have in your life to be happy.
These two words are very wise.
I am attempting to follow my own hedgehog concept what can I be the best at, make money doing and be passionate about?
rain sun or snow...tear it up!
you guys are a freakin riot!
I wanted to challenge the loch ness monster!
The great leaders are like the best conductors  they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players.
I'll doctornk to that!
But the Wildcats are quick to respond.
Josh Hutchinson's jaw / is even more delicious / than his homophone
PHAME is pleased that the Trimet Lift doctorvers are returning to the bargaining table  that service will resume Thursday!
I really miss watching you guys at 9.
Since the story did on the our business has been through the roof!
Tuesday...
what surprises do you have in store?
RiseNGrind Morning Onlsow County!
yeah now your too cool for me but yet guess whos the one who knows all ur problems and listens me
Definitely the best tale I've read this week.
:
If yo tweets aint hittin on shit I dont care how many followers u got.
Never been the bandwagon type.
onanyc: Media  civic engagement in our own backyard: and Also check out and
Latin dancing with was so much fun tonight!
Everyone at La Dolce Vita was so nice and friendly!
itsbecausetheywereLatinos ha!
call me
decisions, decisions.
which new song to record...
struggling to get out the door.
You can tell it's the end of the school year.
I had 980 in 4 years.
I didn't do to bad.
going to go play t the motorcycle shop
Even better, it says Golf on the back.
I agree, better to be nice!
Would be very regressive.
Public K12 schools attended by everyone; higher ed disproportionately attended by childoctorn of affluent.
Don't forget to like It's good practice to like positive comment in your facebook.
It's a Social Media Marketing you welcome
just let me finish my paper!
Gosh!
I think we all know what we have to do.
CBswag CBswag 3
Go to Party City and get a black wig, and braid it.
It'll save ya lots of money.
Going to see my mother in Maine!
Hoping PeytonManning makes decision soon.
Not sure how much more my heart can take!
Thank you!
Yep The Hubby is taking me out to eat.
And I hear there's presents.
:
u r my hero!
What?
Our new DVD player has built in Michael Jackson videos!
What else is on here?
Ersquake!!!
What a put back!
It sucks being blind..
oh yeah!!!
Actually pretty good!
:
Loving my Healthcare Reform is a BFD tshirt that just arrived for giving a few bucks to
so fricken true
I know!
And graduation got pushed back a day for a special visitor.
So, a little longer, but worth it.
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
Earl Wilson
you just wish you had a girl to tell you that!
taking a screenshot of the kid you like accepting your friend request...yolo.
Clever moon :
On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is...
I keep moving
IM REALLY GONNA MISS EVERYONE AT SMMCS , I LOVE YOU ALL , IMMA SEE SOME OF YOU NEXT YEAR BUT FOR THOSE WHO IM NOT , GOODBYE :
You know it's a busy day when you didn't even have time to tweet!
yo son!!!!
You ready to kill it this summer????
thanks Steve and its nice to meet you!
maybe the banks don't want it?
Lol
IF A TREE FALLS is a great great film.
Powerful  Unbiased.
It never tried to take part, just tells the story and lets you decide.
who?
me?
on work mode?
Ah, I should do that with my clients' deadlines.
I want to buy my mom the best gift this sunday.
You know what would be the perfect graduation gift now?
A gigantic umbrella!
Killer Q  A at theatre last night.
Packed house, much love!
BIG THANKS!
ONE UNFOLLOW?
REALLY?
Happy Friday ATL, who's has big plans for this weekend?
you can always do that to me 
double the distance, double the.......
pain!!
haha and fun
Thankful it's Thursday?
What are you thankful for?
Want to be a nurse all are thankful for?
Call us now at 6822761 to find out how!
Haha okay!
Lunch at tomorrow!
I'm thinking...Herman Cain just might be my choicestrong, forthright, knowledgeable, speaks the truth!
Yes this is the High Guyz best moments!
Watching WWE vhs with !
Welcome to the MT Bank Ballroom, American Institute of Architects of NYS.
Enjoy your evening at the MAG!
My Press Needs LLC expanding into UK and European Markets
Calling it a nite
I'm the best rapper this side of the shower curtain.
Avengers with and twitterless adam:
ShoutOut and gratitude to
Way to go Jay Pharaoh!
You own the world!
I could buy some Facebook shares, but Aaron Sorkin has convinced me it'd only end with me screwing my friends  alone with my business cards
Getting my study on!
Last finals ever!
IKEA just doctorpped off 184 boxes weighing 1693 lbs.
It's going to be a long day.
Thanks for the mention!
of politics?
I like it!
Increasing amounts of spam followers recently
did u now
Canon shooters Anyone interested in a 2470 f2.8L lens at a decent price?
Open on Monday, Labor Day from 2  9 pm.
4411Your hair is amazing!!
Ill ship you with Liam Payne
My bed is callin my name
So stoked!!
I got a tedxaustin invite!!!
Mariano Rivera carted off during BP?!?
That messes up everything about my fantasy team!!!

we'll also have in studio talking about new season of WPT  giving away free headphones
Fair enough.
Let's say 89 ;  I agree with your original tweet though.
I'm not sure if people don't get it or don't care.
If you need a serious touch from heaven tomorrow show up to Dwell!
tomorrow will be special!
BbWorld11 How to meet challenge learning outcomes are achieved?
BbAnalytics focusing on this.
Ill put you over my knee and spank you like your Mama shoulda!
Celebrating KRay3's birthday!
with her friends at
thanks for spreading the word.
Hope to see you!
high five
Weekend alert!!
Time for YOURSELF!
Fun, friends, rest, relaxation...
Whatever it may be, make it safe, happy and a lil irresponsible ;
you are so funnyy !
QIAGEN Acquires AmniSure International to Add Unique Assay to Emerging Point of Need Portfolio
Running low on mill, sadly.
Is that your generic reply when you have run out of snappy comebacks?
You need to start going to class.
This would never happen in the PAC12.
RT : Man has NEVER been to the moon ..
great snip!
Lol, I'm gonna be alone at Prom next year .
haha damn college separating us!
But hell yeah shiiit almost forgot about prom!
He's got get away from the cops speed!
Should I do dark brown to blonde tips ombr or golden blonde to peach tips like LC's new do?
Need advice!
I'm using anything I can!!!
Make huggle TREND
Fried chicken, mashed potatoes and modern warfare 3 sounds like a good night to me ;
It's amazing how big of a prick magnet the Infinity car brand is.
I am trying to figuring out the history in 's name.
What made them ignore the e?
srry for the random tweet!
Just tryna spread the word!
Needing all the help we can get to make his doctoram a reality!
:D
So enjoy coaching my clients in the way they learn best.
The MBTI tool is so helpful in understanding and relating effectively.
thank you love hope you could make it out?
I think you have a very strong point.
Anybody know where I can get the files to Jailbreak a PS3?
DM or Mention me.
Getting my nails done.
You okay?
no I already applied!!!
Hey guys I think I'm going to delete my twitter if you think I should tweet me/: 3
Congrats dude:
I don't have cable.
Therefore these nationally televised games aren't televised for me, therefore I ask Why am I blacked out!?
Why does Santa give the rich kids more presents at Christmas?
If a parent was neglected or deprived, the child is spoiled  a healthy relationship with food doesn't exist.
I've only gone with one girl with brown hair.
Wat can I say
i seriously love how being doctornk give you not one care in the world.....
hell yes CeNation Forever cant wait until wwe raw
I feel like a total FB fangirl today.
Omw 2 the last game of the tournament, we gota finish strong
God is the best...
yeah you really do tho .
:D hello twitter
trying to figure out how to follow someone by their twitter username
cildc starts today!
Now if only I got more than three hours sleep last night.
Yawn.
Bring on the excitement, learning, and refreshments.

following your incredible menu items.
Wow!
my date!?
Lol you crazy..
but yea puppy love shit lol
Everyone is talking about the weather today!
Is it sunny where you are?
At school being boss!
I'll miss you.
: Died in my doctoram again last night.
Car crash this time.
Death in my doctorams 2 out of the last 3 nights.
I prefer Pixelmator.
Way more lightweight.
I love wearing red.
It always makes me feel extra happy.
Verizon service is down, so PVLA phones are down.
Email us!
Yeah that was a subtweet too
Here you go lol RT : All females claim to be angels, but most of yall are not heaven sent
You go, you hedonist, you.
Hello All, I am back from Maternity Leave Monday and have lots of things going on!
Email me at
I see your coffee mug obsession continues :
what the junk, I don't even make it to season 4?!?!
This sucks, I blame Claire and her stupid baby.
darn, ok.
Well gets back to practicing !
Follow Great show also appearing in the NYMF with book, music and lyrics by the talented David Nugent!
hit the gym trunk
I'm not sure Mitt Romney has a concept of morality at all.
Thaank u sweetie!
RT : I love it!!
It's an adorable FB page
i'm feelin a run
Good things happen to Good People Chris and you are great People.Steelers need Cb's.Have you spoken?
this shall be my last tweet.
I probably could.
But she's named after a childoctorn's character named Flat Stanley.
Guess La Dispute will have to be my morning orange juice.
Now listening to Damaged Good by La Dispute.
Get into it.
hey Yvonne.
great to see you one Twitter.
Have a fabulous day.
Facebook app requests from friends are F!
annoying, especially because I know its an automated system.
RT : thanks !
you're welcome!
I play in the Majors for the Rays!
Meals available today to the elderly and disabled for Thanksgiving!
A personal cook brings a personal touch.
Visit me at michaelchase.ws
Ridin with Brian wolf was a blast!!
Good training ..
Doin it again tomorrow
Where did the 4 day weekend go ?!!??!?!?
LOL they ALL know !
you would not believe  of strangers who comment on my corner jungle as I'm on a major commuter route
Shopping makes me feel a WHOLE lot better !
Looking forward to shoot tomorrow w/ actor, David Pressman
Cracker, Blueberry, Banana, marshmallow and, as of last night Ketchup...
Great to meet your as well.
Would love to get up to a game in Duluth sometime.
Best of luck to the rest of the season.
Cam Newton is the truth
We have so Many Christian Music Concert Coming up at the Brumder Mansion Jessa Anderson is June 10 Red Star Express is June 3
FollowMeAlexConstancio PLEASE ITS MY BIRTHDAY NEXT THURSDAY  THAT WOULD BE THE BEST EARLY BDAY PRESENT EVER!!!!
:
Want to enjoy four levels of Herradura tequila, learn from a Herradura expert and eat tasty food.
Then we will see you tomorrow!
Let's do this shindig!
I have you scheduled to be the featured dotd on 5/19/12, for the Saturday, the Fringes experimental music series.
New trend among indulgent parents: chewing food for their young kids.
Seriously.
It's pronounced thermometer.
is it crossing a line to try to go see with my students since i have no adult friends to go with?
Everything does makes me melt
I've photographed a few wild animals.
But most were two legged guitar players
that breeze feels nice coming through the windows today.
My last six weeks with braces....HELL YEA!
Lick Donkey Ass Lol.!
That might be open to interpretation, what is the line between temptation, and what you naturally want?
Birddog Miller wisdom: If money makes the world go round, then we've got that son of a bitch spinning!
Dude, I love doctor Pepper like you!
doctor Pepper Rocks!
Skillet Rocks..
YOU ROCK!
:D Rt me please!
At a Big Time Rush concert.
:
HIV advocates work towards prevention/education/outreach bc we simply can't give up come join the fight
Merry Christmas!
Gotta take the childoctorns to the library today
be prepared
If a review has the words minimalist/minimalism in it, I'm out.
I miss my Juliett!
I had so much fun with her this past sat.
lol
better not sleep on them Saturday.
Honestly, it wasn't a favorite.
It was disappointing: heavy, odd flavor  maybe undercooked?
Followed directions, so not sure.
:
Obviously, no one is monitoring the feed.
Wonder when/if I'll hear back from them.
Smile!
This week's phillyhunt prize is a digital camera!
RT means more followers, better prizes!
I have coffee grounds in my shoe.
Damnit, !
Re: releases I keep hearing that links to releases are the new trend.
How would you distribute a CD or flashdoctorve?
Tonight's Special: The It's Always Sunny In Philly Dog topped w/ melted swiss, grilled onions  peppers and creamy horseradish.
A Yooo!!
I'm looking for a LeBron James type of relationship.
No ring and I can disappear whenever you really need me.
The lord always knw how to make my day...
Lord is always good
My husband better get a heavy cash flow.
Great tip from SCUP session on hiring architect: write RFP to get architects out of marketing mode  into architect mode w/ specific Qs
Make a lot of noise at 10am!
LOL :
I like Charlie and the physical trainer
Gotye also accused the Glee version of being bland, which is just beyond.
Hello, Canada.
Whatcha got other than Horton's?
Anyone out there know where we can get solid numbers on the online art market?
that's rough!
Lmao..
Frischs breakfast bar?
WE STOKED
I confess I am a Marky Mark fan.
AND his funky bunch!
Use tools like hootsuite to schedule your tweets.
Craft tweets in advance.
Recording video of this military plane flying over my house with a light on going in circles.
This is quite terrifying to say the least
Baron Davis can still ball.
RT Good Morning Lovies!!!!
GM sister :
Fish tacos  Cervezas!
God I love San Diego, America's finest city.
Arguably the finest in the world!!!
If OKC wins this game, where does everyone go to celebrate?
Applebee's?
they took them !
I just washed my car for this very reason a couple of days ago.
Little maple seedlings were rooted under the windshield wipers.
couldn't of said it better.
He knew what he was getting into when he accepted the trade to milwaukee.
TONIGHT: America's 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC8pm.
Artists perform FREE.
Must bring  least 1 paying guest.
But you won't be here yet!
You're welcome!
I can't argue with that.
I seriously thing I'm going to be sick.
I can't wait for prom and kings island!
Voiceover Lady is in da house!
:
Yes it is but everyone is sleeping RT History is made at night
I hope you chew all the gum.
ALL THE GUM.
We want to see Adam tomorrow!
Singing along and getting down in the pit!
Tough choices lie ahead.
RT Should we sacrifice wildlife for solar power?
smister.io/wYIWxb
Always getting logged out?
Tip: You can extend your session time under the tools menu my professorle display options
You know what sucks?
How all the good guys are always taken.
We're doing that too!
Rehearsal quote: Great adjustment on your relationship to the meat.
cant wait to u see you there3 5 days: so excited!
Thank you Kyra: You're very kind...
Her water never broke they just busted the bag.
Aaaaahhhhhhh!
When comes into my Class  Ask's to be his girlfriend in front of everybody :' 3
I tried to tell yall Lauren Hill was coming back!!!
In ur face wack as industry lol!
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock this morning is the fact that its my cellphone.
Received the classiest ILL package ever from Brown paper!
Simple white label!
Elegant font!
I almost hate to open it.
:
bar hopping with Jesus, come with?
way she talks...
Such A long Day!!!
oops FF is who to follow if you love all things lavender!
We love lavender and use it in almost all of our products.
Gorgeous weather.
Loving the outdoors 3
just in time!
My prom is coming up soon:
Tvs not working its the only good thing!
Made some great connections with the Montgomery Co Humane Society today.
They have so many loving dogs that need homes.
Protesters given citation for criminal trespassing.
Downloading the great presentations from
By raising your legs slowly and lying on your back, you cannot sink into quicksand.
thanks for following!
fighting with some guy from school bout bieber.
Since I cant' attend, i'll be living for the tweets!
RT : Can't believe NGGS11 is this week.
Going to be epic!
story of my life.
Just announced Texas In July at Skully's Music Diner on Sunday, August 7th!
Details at www.facebook.com/collaterallive
oh yeah, because there isn't anything else to learn from our various indigenous cultures or the fusion of them in a globalcontext
: just curious what in the world is a cocunut bath?
coconut oil in your bath
Twitter Is Not Easier Than Blogging  Six Pixels of Separation  Marketing and Communications Blog  By Mitch Joel at Twist Image...
At listening to jazz!
cool!
i'll ping Josh  see what works for you guys!
3
even if I Talked to my county housing worker and know its set up for inspection sometime after Tuesday the 12th???
I used to sneak books all the time  my siblings and I LOVED Reading Rainbow!
RT RT : Romney campaign aide trying to block reporters from rope line now.
Reporters refuse to leave.
Trying to keep my energy up today
MVP MVP MVP!!!!!!!Great win for the Reds last night!
And on the 7th day man submitted...
whatif advances in origami included the realistic,like live birds and vehicles.Good for the environment  tax credit for the best folding
Does anyone know what channel is sposed to be on tonight?
Cuz isnt he in new york?
Haha idkkkkk
So true!
sandvb no better start!RT : Let's start the day nice and early with some sand volleyball
Fixing Education: S Korea: Where are the Smartboards and the laptops so prevalent in American schools?
No tech?
tweeting and working out?
lessexcitingbandnames Florence and the Do It Yourself
Good morning everyone.
Off to the salon.
:
I think I would die if or ever tweeted me 3
seems like its hard to make a decision when in that spot.
Espn is giving same answers as paterno gave
Things are great, when are you gonna make your way to NY?
watched Wizard of Oz with the little ones tonight.
first time they saw it.
hilarious.
they kept referencing the Phineas and Ferb version.
here we go again.
No love for music.
That awesome moment when I can translate my foreign followers Spanish tweets!
RT mister confirms Batum w/ left knee bone contusion.
Out for Wed.
v Char.
Listed DTD and will be reevaluated later this week
Original Acrylic Paintings For Salewmv  paintings for sale
Hydoctorngeas are her kryptonite, quick, give her more!
: preciate the follow NFB.
Thank u too.
Have a good weekend.
Babysiting a live truck at opdx today.
i took the stars from my eyes, then i made a map..
i knew that somehow, i could find my way back.
Secretly I think Bella loves it when I'm sick.
She gets to spend the day in bed with me.
:p
Yep they are killing k.u.
11th commandment or Ronald, guess what, is bigger than THOU SHALT NOT LIE, apparently.
In the Winnipeg news cafe journalists host events with the public rather than report about it for the public.
So cool!
Less than 12 hours until the Cardinals begin there quest for back2back WS.
would you like to purchase Office 2010 AllinOne For Dummies for 19.99 ?
are you trying to be a chef or something?
hey guys i rly need followers plz help me out!!!
3 thanks and check out my makeup videos on youtube.com/makeupgal16
Even in VA have to see the Steelers, at BW3 with to cheer our boys to a victory!
Thanks for the retweet!
Okay GOOD :D My phone's screwed up but I have an appointment with Apple at 4!
Soo hopefully they can fix it and then i'll text you!
nope its To hot out there i might pass out lol
Overeating is an eating disorder.
Lol.
You think I'm kidding.
I'd do ANYTHING to meet one direction.
Going down to for coffeeandcode in phoenix today starts at noon.
your skin is flawless!!
In Chicago.
Meetings start tomorrow.
Right now the hard part: pick the first fabulous meal.
That feeling 
also, thanks for the informative tweet re the referee situation.
Appreciate it.
Let's go crush 'em today.....
you didnt unfollow mee : but u do need to start following me on instagram mmmkay?
;
Good luck and today in NSH 13.1 half.
Proud of you both!
OMGOMGOMGOMG WHERED YOU FIND THAT?!
:O I wonder how she got him to do that!/: I saw another one too
Yes I do!
What show are you coming to?
GUESS WHAT?!
: O
If you have to advertise that you are a princess across your butt, odds are you that are probably not.
wow!
Avengers was awesome, so happy they fixed the Hulk
do ya lol ....what do you know
Ik u thought i was gon come back around like i use tew nope not dis time im duin sumthin new
they are
You chasin  you should be chasin ,'s cut your  off and  em to your momma.
agirljustwants to be the center of his world....
S/O to my new follower NFB :
Rondo ejected b/c ref is terrible...
kidding me
It's that old soul thing again.
I am very wise.
I miss you terribly
He tells me he can make a lot of money off me hahahah
Sitting by the two of you makes this meeting fun.
That's what I'm thinking.
Atleast She Aint Go Out Like No Weak Bitch
: Random ear infection temp pain remedy that may only work on me: Pull earlobe down
If I was from Paris, I would say ooh la la, la la la la la.
.
.
Wow!
Definately didn't expect a game like this...
interesting one 3 love it :D Real Madoctord  Bayern M.
Gonna miss those sausage race pun recaps RT The follower bleed begins, I lost 4 last night while transitioning from WI to KY.
Leave it up to me to go to the swanky Ganesvoort Rooftop last night and try and order a beer.
Beer was not an option.
Heading to visit friends  colleagues at Pioneer Farm to learn of new projects  opportunity
Pepsi Snacks Its Way To 69 As Beverages Fizzle  Forbes
there's always people who want control.
There are some very um well let's say interesting people out there.
feat.surging streams in my doctorams
I suck at iceskating, and I thou it was dumb easy.
Team brueses !
If you upgraded your storage within an hour of Google doctorve's launch, you got MUCH lower prices.
I got 5 per YEAR for 20 GB.
For my Twitter friends that follow me on fb, I deactivated it because I got pissed.
I'm sure I'll get back on in a day or 2.
professorssional 57 inch Tripod for Nikon Coolpix S3000, S3100 with Flexible Monopod and Touch screen gloves for Phones, Cameras and more http:/
RT : People will hire you  then tell you not to do what you were doing when they heard you.
Art Blakey
Don't be late on ur first day
Suck it Red Wings!
Sharks win!
A word after a word after a word is power.
via
If you have netflix and a webcam, you should have a movie night with me later.
the crisis continues when guilders treat fellow guilders with impunity
K so sitting here with Katie, bored, nobody loves us.
RT : Shorty got potential I got your Shorty rite here
hurry up stupid bands i wanna see the all american rejects already
yeah im str8.
How R U?
Watching documentaries with my uncle and grandmother on the history of theater and how beer saved the world.
Good times.
:
Start by following some big names, and some people that tweet topics you like.
Downtown wheeling is smelling extra fruity today
G.
M.
Trevelyan Education...
has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
Are you studying alot tonight?
hard to believe as gorgeous as you are ; lol
loving my design for the 2011 wedding planner and guide ad.
Can't wait for everyone to see it!
Big Ups to my JMU Dukes for putting all their heart into the CAA Tourney.
Almost pulled it out against the Tribe.
I feel guilty for gay tweeting today...
Somehow it feels justified...
does Obama support gay tweeting?
I give up.
is never going to follow me...
:
Thank you for a wonderful time!
great news!
I'm gonna get a tattoo
it's not molesting from this side.
It's eyecandy!!
Wonderful Holiday Party Today at the Haitian Neighborhood Center, Sant La.
I wonder what I'd be doing with my life if I didnt know about the boys,
This is amazing!!!!!!!!
Check your DM!!
We love you!!!
Today's the day for the Brazilian Jiu Jitsu orientation!!
3:30pm6pm 770 N Milwaukee St.
See you in a few hours!
OMG i'm on Tweet Limit AGAIN wtfudgeeeeee :ILYShawty3
When you're having a nice conversation with someone and then they don't answer and you're just sitting there like 
Made myself some shell noodles :3
RT : RT How u have the wrong number and u get mad at that person kill urself// Wait!!
Did you retweet yourself cuzzo?!
We enjoyed having you and Ryan!
RT : Sad that my 1st trip to Boston is coming 2 an end!
We'll be back !
hahaha that seems like fun!
what u planning to do?
Because of cover charge let's meet up instead at Kora in Crystal City!
Right near the Metro!
God is using 's talents to uplift us all.
Keep up the tweets they are so inspirational.
Earthquake!
:o
Hell no, never that How you been?
i'm just getting ready to move up to Austin that's about it
...youngest and who cares....
agree....
all about the W's at the end of the season...
Great McGinn article on roster BTW
Good stuff is on the way....
thank u :D
Hm did I misspell it or is that what I ment RT : My what?
RT : Not from your point of you.
give me respect and loyalty and ill give you the best sex ever ;
nice catch son!
I haven't caught shit yet!
re: being removed from a friend's contact list...if U are the remover or new phone friend.
Let the 1 texting u know u lost ur phone
OMG!
ur on twitter:
Only if I meth it up.
Infuriating emails from my insurance agent just put me over my quota for dealing with indifferent incompetence today
It's not until later on some girls will find their prince.
Kiss a couple of frogs, to find your prince:
In Rules for the Direction of the Mind, Descartes proposed rules for the pursuit of truth.Don
Keep my aunt in your prayers, she lost her baby that was in her tummy.
She's very heartbroken right now..
Thank you.
looking old as fuck, does he have a wedgie?
I used to relate to people a lot more..
Not quite sure when the change hit..
thanks Laurie!
I could use some JOOS today.
What's on dock for Spring JOOS?
DATS WATS UP NICKI KEEP DOING YA THING I AM A WITNESS TO U BEING ON YA FIRST COME UP DVD I BEEN A FAN SINCE THEN N WATCH U RIZE
Does China love Starberry?
www.USSportspages.com
No matter what
There is something comforting about using natural products.
I know I am not rubbing toxins and chemicals in my skin.
beautysnatural.com
Multiculturalism is pointing out aspects of people's culture in order to start fights between them about those differences.
Happy Birthday Austie!
3 I remember the day you were born like yesterday.
3
Wow!
's called us astute and articulate in our appearance on tonight's Kitchen Nightmares.
He must have us confused.
its too many females on twitter for u to be talkin bout niggas
Bloody Mary  a Spotted Cow
Nicki minaj kind of scares me.
: I don't have a face Jesse I'd pee on your house
If you want to be known for something amazing you have to do something amazing Cyndee Woolley
Success in the end erases all the mistakes along the way.
Chinese Proverb
really enjoying your book!
Thank you for producing such thought provoking content.
lol funny stuff.
:
whenever I sign w/ kids  work I think about how I need to take classes.
This girl found out I knew some and hasn't left my hip 
I enjoyed some kenpo x tonight!
I've been to 12 shows, seeing 4 more this summer :
I've never heard of them, but their wiki page sounds interesting..
so yes!
Sitting in the panel Women in Media.
These are some wise Latinas.
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
Take advantage of the nice weather 2day and 2morrow bc on Sunday a cold front is heading our way.
Eveyone is freaking out over JB's performance.
So many ovaries exploded tonight I'm guessing..
call me when u go to joes me n erin will be in lv ya dig
doctorve all over town with 10 bucks!!!
Man those were the days!!!
I want One Direction to come the Oklahoma.
If they did I would go streaking with Harry, no joke.
BL Margs I assume?
RT : I will be buying lemons, limes and oranges tonight.
Tomorrow is 5 de May.
Margaritas shall be had.
a little confused with the little fun facts the announcer says when anyone wins an
it was fun!
Sofia Vergara is so beautiful.
Can't deal...
FollowFriday FF Everyone welcome to the Twitterverse!
Great coffee and food from New Mexico!
:
Got RxBandits  Mandala this morning.
So sick.
Will be on get file later for those interested in it.
fun thing to do when listening to NPR: write down every 7th word  form a random sentence that makes more sense than what they actually said
Ready to hang out with my girls at the Spurs game tonight!

I have a feeling ima be a way different person next year .
I wish......best spot for wings is right across the street at Sweetwater.
Thanks for the follow now I dont have to choke you as your eating me!!!
Yes it's really me!
And thank you.
I went with the Mac version as well.
So nice to have it as a launch option!
nahh I'm putting it down for the night before I totally overload my brain haha, I'm starting back up bright in the am :
great work on the piece  loved learning about his plans for  have a great weekend honey
Don't miss the Good Friday Sale at our Thrift Stores, 50 off at all the stores in SD!
I will be showing off some style  Point Loma store!
haha my birthday went okay but my sister ruined it for me she made my dad mad so he didnt talk to me AT ALL during my bday diner
no shots til the sun goes down...what kind of wack rule is that??
Hollywood is a sewer with service from the Ritz Carlton.
Amazing!
I teach 6th graders, so I try to scaffold them through the research process.
Many have never cited sources before.
People on avg end up overeating by 250 calories/day when they start a cardio program and end up gaining weight  Int'l Journal of Obesity
Seeing Paper G ads, woot!
real shit that was a solid little nigga
just being honest
Chillin with Audoctor today :  might go see a movie and thinking about going on a road trip
73Trent ColeDEPhiladelphia Eagles
I love genuine, nice, cool ppl.
Dear dirty old man, please don't leave me 2 tip and then ask for my facebook info.
If you take the trouble to go and lobby, they will listen to you and courteous and nice.
Go lobby!
jesus need us like he needs a hole in his hand!
Hahaha badadom!!
Only 273 days left to make fun of Sen.
OlympiaSnowe before she retires.

so sick of love songs, so tired of tears so tired of wishing you were still here .
:
Putting together our June issue: High Crimes and Misdemeanors.
Who are your favorite American criminals?
I don't know what else to say or do to make you realize that you mean the world to me.
New chapter starts today.
word!!!!!
Send it to me I wanna hear it!!!
Majority of the people at IMDB liked Paradigms more.
I LOL'ed at this more cause of the plot.
Paradigms was hell good though
A nice day for one crazy ass night
Maybe the Mavs can rebound!
Wait, so we have black people on our team and you're laying out by the pool in a confederate flag bathing suit in front of them?
Having an early morning dance party in my car just isn't the same without
I  Smash so much!!
Can't wait!
What'd you think?
Thanks, Sadhbh!!!
This could be a game changer.

maciel96 oh ok
start it yo
Thanks, man!
We'll try not to get existenially lost in translation or join a JPop group.
And I bet the test was totally worth the fee they made you pay for the privilege of taking it.
Just caught Thunderbolt and Lightfoot on HBO..
would love to see a Quentin Tarantino remake!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
One of the best things about Faffcon 2 is that egos are parked at the door.
awake.
but dead.
Finished my last paper of grad school.
I'm done.
Guaran time.
Picking something up at Wildwood Park.
It's so nice I don't want to leave!
Thanks for the RT!
How are you doing ?
Mom  Dad said you were very polite today when they saw you.
All thanks to your Mom, Dad 
I meant I not u lol.
D: No the last novela i watched was Cuidado con el Angel xD
happy birthday dooooood!
Spring cleaning has begun...
i miss my old friends .
.
So much to do but so tired.
Sleep first.
Always a good rule.
looks good man, is that turbo4 or the V6?
Good evening everyone.
What's new?
MyFavoriteGame I agree RdoctorBOSS OF A GAME
I was talking about mine ;
k i did thats like private message right
lets hope so :D
Very welcome!
RT : Watching 's The Boss.
It's on the brothers.
Awesome!!
Thx to Guy for the heads up!
Guess I'm bout to find out what all the fuss is about and start on Fifty Shades Of Grey
follow me on instagram: jacklyynn :P
You don't know how much of an impact it can make on someone even if you just smile at them.
could never be a vegetarian purely due to the fact I love chicken too much
are you at the nerdery event?
it was the best gift they ever gave mean 'upgrade' in name.
has done wonders for my business.
Thank you RT : sorry I missed meeting you in person last night!
Fab party: Next time.
thanks, Jeff, for the RTs.
Very appreciated  you are awesome!!
Connie, looks like your Twitter professorle got hacked.
Arcadia Farms was very inspirational and the Mobile market was the best thing I've seen on the tour!
People say live life to the fullest but alot of people can't not swag
I just saw the East West Players production of Three Year Swim Club!
I loved it!
lolla mud show flashback?
Yelling someone's name in different voices until they hear you.
Seriously: Ohio General Assembly  ?uestLove  Better Ohio General Assembly
Thanks for backing the Kickstarter publication of the Caldwell viols catalogue!
he looked/smelled like he might have already been on his way to a discrete sunday morning pickmeup
We need some urban cultural prophets raised up.
Carl Ellis
was measured and thoughtful.
There are elements to ed that need fixingsome criticism of ed based in reality.
EVERYONE ATTIOTION MACI LIKES LICKING FEET!!!!!!!!
Content sharing score at tocchicago :: Some is free: 6 , Nothing for free: 2.
So good!
Not to get your hopes up or anything.
Now I need to go listen to it again.
You hate English don't you?
So tired...
Funny night
RT : RT : I'm the daughter of an immigrant.
I can't ignore immigrant rights.
Every minute, every breath, is a gift from God.
Mary Manin Morrissey
I seriously want to live in the movie Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo.
The fashions are fucking 80's epicness.
Zombies r coming!
yeah buddy goodluck Manny.
Glad your back in milwaukee and ready to dominate.
So rumor has it that there was a EARTHQUAKE in NYC....I was on the subway...so I honestly felt nothing....stop the jokes everyone!!!
I'm ready for the summer
Just got 20 class request!!!
I got my hair cut, now it is no longer like Justin Bieber's ex hair, more like his new one XD
Summerfest announcement new this morning on wisn12.
Alice cooper and iron maiden.
I only roll with niggas that'll carry me to my hoarse!
Kentucky and Louisville starts now!
RT : I've come to realize, given Trump's recent actions and decisions, how proud I am he didn't pick me to win Apprentice.
please follow back Justin!!:
no look at my icon duhh
Had a doctoram about card catalogs last night...
Actually, it was more of a nightmare...
Glenn Close looks GOOD for her!
Wow!
Just lose the jacket!
Please forward the following to Bill Gates and his family and anyone else that you think will benefit from it.
Adams put data on inhouse website to share between 30 McClatchy papers.
Each paper could use the data for their own reporting.
Anyone StirOSU?
RT : Creative  engaged thinkers...
could find an affordable solution to curbside recycling in Cbus.
Welcome to The Cowboys!
Wear 24 well, theres a lot of picks in the number.
It belonged to my old friend Walls, he got 53.
Mike Wallace spoke out about his struggle with depression, suicide attempt to ...
New York Daily News
Coffeenated music time.
Gonna try and finish 2 of these tracks tonight.
Then 2 Much Fun!
Fresh attacks target symbols of Syrian state power  Charlotte Observer
oh good lord is he gorgeous.
Too bad I really dislike his band.
:/
hahaha, yes and i'm still a pro
On the way to MARC!!!
See you soon Sorors!!!!
We must learn our limits.
We are all something, but none of us are everything.
Blaise Pascal
ONE DIRECTION
exactly exact exactly
Turnon...
Chill laid back guys
And BBN will be officially welcoming you!
Why didn't come to school today?!
Thanks for buying the book, Duane!
Loved The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Also Major Pettigrew's Last Stand.
Both awesome.
What do U like?
in my thoughts!
Ya can't stop me.
I gotta do wut I gotta do.
Unity peace and love to all of you
should of been there for the yoloberry moment ha ha
Finalist for KIISFM Breakout Star for WangoTango  Come to Universal City Walk this Friday at 7:00 to see me perform!
But we are two worlds apart
Will we go to heaven, or will we go to hell?
I'm more  more convinced that society is recreating librarians by other names.
GOBEAUTYGONATURAL May 19th sacrifice the products that enhance your look and show the natural you!
Go Natural, and be beautiful!
RETWEET
nice tits
Pres.
Berman says that our innovative ideas at the conference need to continue into our classrooms
let's go to FatFalfas and celebrate!
You could never please society.
So just do you.
howard is nicer than piers morgan imo
Planning the new album.
More details to come!
Chompers, creatine, and the gym.
Deadliest combo ever
happy one month aniversary and yall love birds!
when I'm done with radiation I'm flying out here to set me up with a butt kicking workout
Bummed I missed ExpChat.
Next allyquest episodes are filming in Yucatan allyquest Will be covering the ancient Maya
wait until Billy Crystal takes the stage!

NLC CCC10  the only plan is to be as helpful as possible to MG, RB,  MM  nothing like 1st time jitters
Will my hair doctor any faster .
Keep it Real young vinchi dope
Black eyed peas in Greenhouse tonight.
S/O TO LEVEL 3..JACKSON MISS ON FIRE.THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE.WE WILL BE BACK.NEXT HEADED TO ATL IN THE MORNING
Studying for calc before noon was not a great wake up call.
Lunchtime concert in Rhapsody Hall: The Five Ensemble...and it's FREE!
My child's school AND teacher were in the CRCT report.
Our school is on the merger list.
Seems like I would be the last....
I wonder if Vinny ever watches the Boyz interviews.
and very cozy sleeping bags.
;
Guess Netflix will become my BFF this summer!
There is no better man than to be up there speaking right now.
He's the Mariano Rivera sent in to close.
Saturday!!
GROOVE w/ TIM GARCIA of High professorle  7pm  7  studio 702 spread the word!
RT RT !!
I also have Britdar.
Tattoo appointment tomorrow..
Lol chill night with da earth bender
hearts change,i know they do..
but this heart will always belong to u..hearts hurt, i know they do...
but this heart hurts more without you.
My momma didn't rise no fool :
Love your username!
yes I have faith.
Just need to do more volunteering and networking!
Need some advice from you lawyer types.
Is there some legal way I can rob my neighbor, without the hassle and red tape of getting elected?
Are these chicks for real?

You make me happy, when skies are grey.
You'll never know, dear how much i LOVE YOU!
Just thought of something sick as fuck for clothing.
Looking for love in all the wrong places
TRU needs some volunteers for tomorrow's audition event.
We need people for the morning shift.
Contact me if avail to discuss compensation!
GL, well at least with lots of other people not playing, maybe you'll win!
yeah.
I'm exploring all options.
There's an EU YouTube channel that I've used.
Vimeo I've thought ab.
Need sustainable links.
Somebody keeps calling me 
I was nauseous and tingly all over.
I was either in love or I had smallpox.
Yes, we'll be there registering people onsite.
I know, what a nice surprise it was!
:D
so excited to see you have entered the twitter game!
FREE SHIPPING EVERYWHERE IN THE US!
AND FREE LOCAL MIAMI DELIVERIES!
Any word on Merritt Paulsons strange tweet?
Anything serious?
We don't need any Microfracture type situations.
Crap.
New song for my hypothetical The Voice audition.
You'll Never Be the Sun.
Emmylou.
Need I say more?
I SO TOTALLY AM!!
SportingKC game tonight in the CauldoctornI believe that we can win featuring headless bobbleheads for player safety reasons.
Do you have a 'limited' insurance policy?
If you do, it can mean big trouble when you need it most!
Call us to learn more!
5053458757
A global genocide: blacks, Jews, Christian, poor, weak?
America stopped Nazi; bad precedent being set by black leaders; can be used on them!
...
lol smfh.
Heat fans these days.
MomentWhen you Just wan to strangle somebody so they could STFU !
Wow, these berries are fabulous.
The most nutrition I've had yet at
RT : big thanks to for discussing my presentation and helping to tailor some of the content
Help for Haiti Auction Item 4: Tickets to Spoon at the HOB, 100 gift card to the Landsdown Pub, and 1 nights stay at the Ames Hotel.

Weather Alert: NWS has issued a tornado watch for DC until 11PM.
Tornado WARNINGS issued already to the S  W of DC.
Be alert!
I was unaware that it is currently frappucino happyhour just throwin it out there
watchingg the day after tomorrow:
Looking for youth leaders 525?
Get involved in the new program Youth United!
for more info
nah son I thought i was clavo and british?:o
How do you make your home appeal to the most buyers possible?
Let me count the ways.
Call me because I still make house calls.
Foreal bro?
RT : real shit bro minds well im done at SRU
Just took my baby to the hospital for surgery.
Get well soon baby :
Wow ...
Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl!
I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
sounds good, let's shoot for first week of feb
Crashing the Party at !
Looking forward to some laughs.
It's strange to see a very traditional home set on this stage!
did you block me?
: For the record, I haven't said anything bad about you once.
In fact, i'm fucking in love with your band!
Thanks for the retweet!!
do u like Skrillex ?
:
Thanks for the support, dude!
I was an on and off smoker for 4 yrs, and have been pretty much all on for the last 2.
did u get any of those texts?
I am failing to see the humor in this .
.
.
Word up!
Come through.
It's crazy!
Reason 4 to be there on June 16 for our 4th annual benefit art auction and party: ask someone who's been to one before.
RT HOT HEADLINE: Client Responds to Agency's Announcement of Being Closed Between Christmas and New Year's With Like Hell You Are.
I feel the same way!!!
How is your new job treating you?
U got a doctoram, u gotta protect it.
Ppl cant do something themselves they wanna tell u, u cant do it.You want something,go get it,period!
haha, love it!
Or at the very least, down with 3D post conversion...
You're pretty gorgeous.
def heatin it up dj ant on KISS 98.5 right now kid text me  98500
Watching my cousins baby while she's in the hospital get better soon faith amaree misses you
I don't have time for your stale smokesmelling self.
Happy Just Another Day everyone :D
Hahaha the hell is your name
Lol i just had to xD
Great game so far...
GoCougs!
Dear ex best friend's little sister, no, I don't want to talk to you.
Thanks again, East campus.
Need somewhere to watch the game tonight?
Head on over to the at 8!
Thank you all for the follow!
Jeremy Lin looks fresh with the skinny tie, jacket, and thick rims.
MY BACK ITCH AND I AIN'T GOT NO NAILS...somebody come scratch my back please .....
Well it's official...
I are soon to be college roommates!
people throw rocks at things that shine.
I did the same thing today but with Conan.
Same.
I could have bought it with my dad's card, but I didn't want to make him mad even though I'd pay him back.
Me too, THANK YOU for writing that!
Just RT it : Thanks for keeping it real!
That's OK.
Keeping the ball out of Rodgers' hands.
I'm so taking my top off this weekend.
Thanks for the FF!
What a great group!
We love our partnerships
Holy shit the Cheetah Girls is on on demand
Thank you very much for the mention!
9 am on a Friday morning reading about quantum physics and parapsychology...
I am not normal.
Crazy Town's hit Butterfly was a huge One Hit Wonder in The U.S.
in 2001.
Its NowPlaying on Back in the Day Cafe
I didn't capitalize Target in a Facebook status, so my phone swore at me, and now the Feds have surrounded my house.
Target is gangster.
Hi ariana, how are you today?
happy early easter!
3
I hate being sick can someone kick me please
You claim you're a bad bitch.
But you have no car, you have no house and you have no job.
You're not a bad bitch, you doing bad bitch.
Same here!
: Make the son of a Bircher Koch Brothers
I think I've half convinced my mom to go with me to the next convention.
:D
I'd much, much rather deal w/ Ticketmaster if I'm going to get screwed wholesale on fees.
They at least can handle highdemand events.
Haha!
I didn't say I was buying a jersey and changing my name to Jerry Rice.
I've been a Moss fan for quite some time
no not last night, I was working on a scene  some sides
Can't wait to see that!!
the 10 oclock show is completely different than the 6 tip ur waitress
ST Pauly Girl appearance 9pm tonite  DJ Chris Roxx all night long at The Place
Allergy Suffers: Moderate to High levels of tree pollen measured in the NYC metro area.
Take your meds!
LOL no thanks ;
haha love it!
justin bieber is in the money team lol
Preemptive strike!
I like her style.
30 minutes or less with and
doctorven by thoughts...no money required!
Please join our think tank.
Save water,doctornk beer:p
If furniture stores didn't have going out of business sales, there would be no furniture business!
T
we are following back, hope you have a great night!
The Heat are such doctorma queens!
Playing the Blues on a bright and sunny day at Universal Studios Orlando
Gee, that was fast.
Now there's a sign up at exSil's saying The doctorveThru is coming in June.
Serving...
mini doughnuts.
And sloppy Joes.
I hope there are cats 3
thank you for the card  Happy Holidays!
severe weather tonite?
Hope not till later .
''Don't insult facebook.
I'm from facebook''.
Jesus..
Let's plan a run sometime!
I know, I've never been to SD so it'll be a blast.
How long ago did you run it?
Formula for success  show racy screenshots, doctorve pageviews, organize field trips
hey jim, i'm stuck the same way in denver airport...truly a pain!
I love the sound of the rain coming down...
still finding sand everywhere on you
TheAwkwardMoment When Your Talking To Someone And They Accidently Spit On You..!
LMFAO
Where are the mustangs on Mustang Island?
: He's too adorable!!
Can I borrow him for a few days?
O:
Waiting to see if Women in Film approves my application.
So everybody watching the game I see
I ain't mad at you.
Just got an email that my shipped!!!
Yayyyyyyyyyy!
Wrapping up a wonderful visit to mvpschool for their SAIS accreditation.
Very much enjoyed meeting folks in this wonderful community.
I hear that Pooch Hall is leaving!
Guy on the bus: how many cops does it take 2 push a guy down the stairs?
me: idk,1.
guy on bus: nope, none he fell RT if u get it
I love the show, my favorite is when you go to the old Jails.
scares the hell out of me.How about a follow or RT
Not that I have any amount of dislike for or anything, but he's breaking man code and needs to be called out for it
if you want RIBS, you Got it!
Trash city bitch
Ok Everybody , I Got To Leave It Takes Forever To Get A Weave .
WI, remember to vote today!
Been following U.
Loved that clip.Wuz a hoot!
Eagles no luck yesterday.
Can't do 2morrow.
I'm off 2 JEN in New Orleans.
I can't think of any better way to start off my day
Man there sure are a lot more panhandlers in Indy this year than I ever remember...
: Glad to have you back on the show!
thanks for following!
thats so funny :D
We wanna see Lola's jelly bean portrait when it's done!!
From the 1st episode, my suspicion was that Ellis was not being presented as black but as mixed race...
Love is one thing,I want the one nd only to tell my from the BOTTOM of his heart nd the TOP of his mind
I have absolutely no clue what you're talking about nor who designated you a Negro spokesperson.
Waking up nest to him is the best.
3
Note to self: when you have a day off, run errands earlier in the day.
no problem!
Glad to hear you dig our stuff.
Play it loud!!
Thank you for the RT JC.
Blessings...
Tarp is off, going to try to finish game.
Hokies lead 41 and will bat first in the bottom of the 5th.
Looking at about a 6:15 start.
Only 7 followers away from 500 !!!!
just finished.
I think it went pretty well, but it's always hard for me to judge the usefulness of peer reviews.
Need professorssional production and lighting for your tour or festival?
Contact JSL Productions  www.JSLPRO.com...huge discounts if new 2 us.
He's just soo pretty ...
Getting stuff ready for tonight
HAHAHAHA RT : Its Candlestick park.
Kinda ironic, don't ya think
did someone say gun party?
One too many commas, though.
On this trip to the final four I10 east right to the heart of the city your fave city, thinking of ya
SEO CEO has blocked us!
He has 32 followers : Remember Brafton's 3 D's!
DISCRIMINATE, DON'T Hire Over 40,  DENIAL!
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
Abraham Lincoln
Cook out for the 4 with the family.
I love steak
oracle if a production app server opens tons of connections doing nothing, waiting 2 determine the prob is not gd 4 customer service
Bieber I don't have the fever
.
is an amazingly courageous heroine.
for all females.
for all people
A5.
Walk away.
Heading downtown to meet MTC for catching up doctornks.
One hour 'til Gates Open at the BCA!
Get here for Happy Hour and Playoff Hockey.
agreed.
Work is best way to learn.
Should go back to apprenticeships of 100yrs ago.
just wrapped feature film Amanda playing the role of Amanda.
The very talented Randy Ryan played the other lead, Joe.
Amazing experience.
Every fucking red light .
Preach RT I still refuse to sing sweet caroline
Why is it so hard for ESPN to stick with one shot for more than 3 seconds?
Thank you so much for all your support !
Its shows like your that help unsigned gospel artist like us.
My nail polish doe 
: it was awesome!
I can't wait to share w/you holly's message this morning.
She is so amazing :
I most definitely texted you last week and got nothing :/
call me bro.
I have the chicken pox :
Can't stop watching Grimm.
What an incredible show :
RT Some mistakes are too much fun to make only once.// true
Needs to find my happy place and vacation there for about a week :
That first cup of Joe ...
make two doctorams come true but following me nd 13
u not gunna get punched lol
In a wonderful mood.
Woke up pretty early, got coffee, now I'm gonan go take a shower and call Jack.
Hope today is good.
:
You're awesome!
Is there a place to find out when and where these events happen?
Hate missing them
agreed.
The heroku stuff was interesting, but I wanted more herokuplay
I went dairy free about a month ago.
No more Pinkberry for me : Grab the mayorship if you haven't already.
going shopping with the boss ; KimBeezy
HEY THANKS!

You're such an Amazing Role Model Tracey  Thank you for being an Outstanding Woman!
Damn it Foxtrot.
3 nights in a row.
You fell asleep?!
I missed that!
me too...
Ppl need to.
Start talking ...
Im tired of waiting!!!!
I know, right?
Its primary entry point used to be SMS!
Thanks Gina!
We look forward to growing our community so that you'll have lots of people to eat with real soon :
mate, my wife swears that Viva Ronaldo/John Terry/Da Silva tune is Pop Goes the World.
I'm not convinced.
Verdict?
Cheers.
i feel so proud i can spell Gloucester ' i got it on the 1st try..watch its misspelt..lol
Symphony Crack Orchestra The Addiction on iTunes!
cop it!
so glad to hear this in action!
Remember, if 1 dog is good, 2 are better...
possibly 3.
Paws up!
I like this.
RT : EO Wilson: A scientist should think like a poet and act like a bookkeeper.
they probably like you.
Lol
On Friday Frankie and I were going to the park and my 19 yr old and his girlfriend came along with my 17 and 15 yr old...Mothers Day for me!
In my past life I may have been a bottle of red wine.
5 Hour Energy  5 hours of energy.
Extra Strength 5 Hour Energy  still just 5 hours of energy?
Have you seen the creepingsharia tweets?
Hilarious!
Lemon Pepper and Fries!!!!
Come see us at the Cincinnati Guitar Show tomorrow night!
We almost missed it ourselves!
Were told a different time.
It should be up on the site later this afternoon.
Wow.
Instagram for Andoctorid was downloaded more than 1 million times within 24 hours of its release yesterday.
Were you one of them?
Like RT what does that mean I'm so confused
Success Is my idol
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
It all starts with defense
Thanks guys for the new follows!
check us out on facebook over at facebook.com/doctorwOneCard.
The full EP is streaming as well!
Antyway, gotta go.
Have a nice bike ride!
it's hard to know what you're responding to when you reply via txt
all day, erryday.
Voter 375 at Tenney Park Apartments
Good CHRIST, Chuck Todd is bad reading lines into the camera solo.
Sounds like sinus infectiondoctorvisit
Tell me that you never brake my pretty little heart
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused :41;
So sad  but true : RT Prevention and Public Health Fund back on the chopping block to pay for SGR Docfix?
GOOD JOB ROLLRUS,
yeah hes a good actor!
Pretty cute too!
lol!
I'll give you a foot massage
It amazes me on how this woman still loves me!
And I love her.Congratulations on your new job Stephanie Renee Caldwell Aka Mama.
MILEY CYRUS
So true!
My fav neighborhood spot northbeach : I just love doctornks and appetizers at  It just never disappoints!
you are beautiful you 3
Broadcasting a big boys basketball battle between Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne on MSG VARSITY!!!!!!
Talk w/ SOC who studied in Australia prompted desire to have a larger community conversation about race  ethnicity in study abroad programs
I'm only a month in, and still have a LONG way to go, but I am proud of where I am and wanted to share my story and inspire others :
Friday MarchMadness  Thursday.
White people: shhh u cant say the n word!
Black people: what u say u fucking crackar?
Happy Mothers Day!
Absolutely RT Q1: ROI often depends on the client their expectations define what metrics to use/what defines success.
just the beginning to great summer with my brother and besty!
One of my quotes from my Real Estate 101 workbook.
Id rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not Lucille Ball
In NYC  gotta sweet tooth?
Try Tribeca Treats  1 frosting shots OR Cupcakes by melissabite size servings!
Portion Control is KEY
The only problem with words in paintings, is that people read them.
can i get some goodnight mentions

brewers prospect p tyler thornburg has 3 mlb ready pitches...says wut he's working on is not letting runners get free bases
Positive Vibes Only !!
Time to hit the mattress..looking forward to my Friday and getting ready for the weekend.
Need to walk the Yorkie...have a great Friday!
that's so pimp.
:
Just purchased and downloading now.
Thanks Frank!
doctorzzzyyyyyy Ah Makes My Night Great To See Him,
Thanks for the celebrity endorsement!
RT Great: a 'doctor season' line of rain gear.
happy first mother's day!!
Girl's want a lot of things from ONE guy .
Guys want one thing from A LOT of girls.
kool so ur a Yankees fan
Badgers pride.
Your turn, Jordan Taylor.
RT : Big news, sneaker fans: signed with Nike.
Oh my goodness , my phone is being so dumb 
Waiting to hear talk about artisanal pencil sharpening in Georgetown
he he he.
Wanna pen?
Someone thought it would be funny to put a trip wire across my front door.
aprilfools  more like
I have the influence to put you in a totally different mindset when you journey with me through a novel.
Follow me and see.
you hacked up a lung last week.
Same lung or the other one?
: follow me back please33: followed
That was handsdown one of the best weekends weve had in a while.
Thanks to all who came out and supported local music!
Amazing game !!
Another W for the Browns!
We wanna know...
how was your HCG weight loss this weekend?!?!?
evidence of summer
I will Bieberstalk people  are you very Kloutfluential?
Geek lunch in ABQ today, right?
Don't be a dabbler.
Go for it
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing Mothers out there!
Get smart about your tags.
If have a video about school don't tag school, tg calculus 2 that is more searched
hell yeah!
need a break.
stop being annoying
performing art a fashion show memorial day weekend...want yall to come through..keep you posted!
It really was.
RT : How wonderful!
Plane rides are so relaxing so
Union prop proposed to raise the CA millionaire tax to 15.5.
At last  a practical solution to CA's income inequality.
doctorve out the rich!
Risky move Instacast 2.0, taking a feature away and putting it behind an IAP.
Not sure it will pay off.
Before I go to school anybody want my 8900th Tweet?
what do I do
Any advice for a new band starting over, after there singer left them?
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Next time you're looking for a great brunch, hit us up!
There's a girl at my school named Ariana Gomez omfg
Working on the site a little bit at a time!
Please stay tuned for daily updates.
:
good and u :
hahahaha!
I luv it!
Good strategy :
sky is limit and you know have what you want if you just keep pressing on.
so do you call her a wocock or a peaman?
Congrats to all the graduates.
Wow!
Thx for the awesome RT!
..
grant that I may not so much be understood as to understandPrayer of StFrancis My coaching clients enrich work, love  health Follow!
Getting my hair done toma.
: thanks for each day jonas brothers get me a smile 
Don't even suggest such a thing!
I'll be sittin' there watchin' with some popcorn :
JJ Barea dating ms.
universe now, no wonder he tore up the clippers tonite
We rollin', we ridin' He like to go inside and I love to go all night and We rock the boat, Poseidon I love to call your name
Both Playboy and al Qaeda plans come in discreet packaging and apparently were delivered to the same place.
All these haters, see you later.
storms are my fav 
Good Afternoon from Dubai, UAE.
I've done a 360 around the world in 27 days!
RIP Lorenzen Wright former NBA first round doctorft pick our prayers go out to his family..
Cool as long as there are no Terminator people created looking like the Former Ca Gov
haha oh i didn't notice ...
idk cause im just leaving emmas now and idk if my momma will let meh
PRDLA Yuen sees increased use of physical items in special collectoins after those items that have been partially OCRed  posted online.
Filner says his top priority is jobs.
The port is being underutilized, he says:
Austin i'm so happy for you!
I hope you have the best time in Miami!
Good luck!
3
Bdavis to hollins, can't wait for next season.
Playoff contnder for sure
I never knew that kissing ur bf is hummiliatimg but u doctor hump him in public  key him grope ur ass an boobs smh pointing my eyes to Selena
You can hear the quintet from the Heinz Hall lobby, The Pittsburgh Brass Collective, during intermission on Classical QED 89.3
Iv been up since six with naps in between
lol we have to yo...
I hope he has nothing going on...
It would be such a diverse display of styles on one track.
Something new
thems are good odds!
Thanks Sam!
Hi Kim!
Hope you are having a Happy Thanksgiving.
As you can probably tell tweeting is new to me!
I haven't heard of that one
And the adventure begins!
Only 26 more hours till we're in the holy land
Shaking my head over my cat so all the little tiny hairs go on her.
She's pissed.
If your home was built before 1976 make sure to have your ceilings tested by a Certified Asbestos consultant.
professorBies: Find the sacred in the ordinary.
Whatever it is, there is dignity in that.
I hate ppl who use the  sign in every tweet its annoying as Fuck!
Players must be delicate in how they interact w/ each other, especially in public.
The wrong word may destroy confidence.Phil Jackson
Another talent has been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!!
I love it!!
hi To My New Follower
Great!
I didn't know that you make it clear it's NOT allowed in your space.
I STOPPED in 1979.
PEACE
Why bother another stellar of season.
Heading to The Shack, make yer way there and I'm buying!!
Say it ain't so plz say it ain't so...
HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL OUR MERCHANT CIRCLE FRIENDS !
STOP BY SAT/SUN AND RECEIVE SPECIAL DISCOUNT TOWARD NEXT YEARS WATCH BATTERIES,REPAIRS
The most valuable thing you can make is a mistake  you can't learn anything from being perfect.
Adam Osborne
John Terry has several screws loose.
i would at least get tickets, in a video, n some damn money lmao
Our first brew is equal parts vodka, cheap beer, and expired orange juice.
JO
basically its the new way to cyber sex and watch people masturbate live
I grew up in Montrose, where Don Coram is from.
I don't know how he can look his gay son in the eye.
Disgraceful.
I will be first in line to taste some of those delicious ccakes!
:
You've got to make your freethrows.
YES!
I would lurv to.
I'm actually going to mpls the weekend of the 28th.
Lets plan a photo adventure if you're around.
RT Thanks!
it's just portion control and lots of water.
Sing to the Lord with thanksgiving, make melody to our God on the lyre.
Psalm 147:7
Who do you think is a better rapper lyrically or
you retarted today is sundayy !
You busty!
Chris Medina on GMA, an inspirational story.
Send us an email this evening if you have any questions.
We just released our latest newsletter with a nice coupon for you.
song is reason to believe
Going to to get mahhhh hot chocolate : 
RT You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours...
:
Snore.
RT : NWS has now issued a Tropical Storm Watch for DC area beginning Saturday afternoon.
Potential winds of 4555 MPH
Why is it that a large majority of people can not talk politics without getting upset and resorting to personal attacks?
Supported local business Scratch Bakery at 4th and Termino.
Near LB in the southland?
visit  buy something yummy!
Cranberry pie tomorrow!
Okay campers, rise and shine!
And don't forget your booties cause it's cold out there today
Just came from this play pretty coo
Whats the point of this shit
I know I'm so thankful!!
Quote from my father, An Apple a day keeps the doctoraway.
An Onion a day keeps everybody away..
Thanks Ken Yeakley
Wrapped up a great weekend playing First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa Beach Florida.
It was a blast to say the least.
Thx to all who came!
nice meeting you lastnight dude.
You playing anywhere this evening?
Almost everything around you is die cut: the gaskets in your engine 2 doctornk coasters at your favorite restaurant
thingsthatpissmeoff When websites continually decide to change their set up making me really confused and annoyed.
lol!
Morning darling!
Oh the way it used to snow there is a thing of the past for sure!
1970s snow forts were awesome.
Rest in Peach Ms.
Houston.
I am really in shock right now :'
thanks for the plug about my reported commentary.
I appreciate it.
What y'all on twitter
Hi , thanks for the mention.
I think computing would do just fine, no need for Cloud to be included.
YEE Austin Mahone accepted my friend request one Facebook!
:D
Pretty sure I've stayed at that hotel.
it's more than the do not call, survey fatigue is about every bus  culture org asking ?'s at the locals  online
Just left the gym.
Loving it.
I see Ms Nicole is following now.
Welcome aboard
I'm sorry, does anyone like Mark Sanchez anymore?
Any Sanchez lovers out there?
Good.
That runner has no affect on the game, considering Brewers can't score 1 run, let alone 2.
Get the batter you want.
More cowbell!!
Denver will elect a new mayor tomorrow.
What do you think is the biggest issue facing the city?
Rap/hiphop my junior year of high school
I wanna go to New York tomorrow
shes so cute
The characters actually have distinct personalities.
They don't do something stupid every issue.
Also the story keeps moving.
Yeah, it's pretty contagious.
Which is why I get it every damn year.
You have spots on your throat in the back on the sides?
SO TRUE.
Way to call out !
How rude!
Wonder how many people will show for spin class today.
Usually a full house.
eventually.
now that people identify me with that tintin cover, I'll have a hard time not repeating it.
IT FEELS LIKE A LIFETIME!!!
hi :
forever frustrated
good morning everybody
What will you do FOR YOURSELF today?
Got home from practice.
Danced so hard, got blisters on our feet.
move ya slow Bitches
Well....all I can say is fuck you Clippers...
Sitting at the eye doctor forever 
sorry bout that.
VIP treatment next visit.
DM me and well make it right!!!
Support your PDX business community.
Come out for the Fremont Festival of Lights Dec.
9th 59pm
Having at NYPL is absolutely essential.
Orgs like AAS3rdcentury could hire lawyers to offer similar services.
its one of the best burgers, imo
on a scale of 1Kesha, how hard do you party?
one of my kids from north allegheny
Birthday shoutout to Kelly Davies, daughter of EOI Owner Jackie Davies,  one of the sweetest people we know!
Happy Birthday Kelly!
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
Next: Clare Richie from up.
Discussing what fed TANF cuts could mean to the state budget.
that's what u get for having an iphone!!
: he fucked me up, but that don't mean i can't try again ...
im strong enough!
Love McCarthy's glitter platforms!
Blah on the plane back to Arizona :
thanks for the plug!
No shit.
He talks like a retarded Frankenstein's Monster.
He adds nothing to the broadcast
RT if u follow back
Oh shit.
That's what's up!!
I'm hungry too!!
Lol
Now all the Spurs fans know your full name!!!
:
See our Virtual Tours tab for this Sunday's Open Houses
I leave for Denmark in a month.
Whoa.
Let's see if you're a man of your word...done
yea just shut up and get a life
When in doubt, buy the book ahead of time.
So bummed!
That is flippin sweet!
Thank you!!
So happy you enjoyed it.

b/c you can do a REAL serious face to our faces w/o smiling neither can I Ctfu
Bethenny frankels husband was not happy to see me on Halloween.
They had just come back from their fake trick or treating setup shot.
Boo!
When asking your friends to vote for you recipe contest entry, please ask them to LIKE our page as well.
Thanks.
Can we buy little book futures?
Like a subscription for what doesn't exist yet?
So glad to hear it  see you next time!
yeah mad props to him.
It's just like last game, only him was doing work.
Smh Lakers 
: Don't worry I'm just doing ur marketing.
Not raising ur kids quoteofthenight Thx I thought it was a decent 1
Ok.
Just let me know if you need anything, even if it's cleaning help or whatever.
That moment when the person buying your couch off of craigslist shows up and they're really hot.
I'm Just Emotionaly Frustrated And Emotionally Stressed
where's my puppeteer?
why?!
roomies tweetin each other from different rooms!
Awww I remember that picture.
Yes, good times!
Are you two auditioning for Quartz again?
Productive day 
derek zoolander: a model, idiot.
It just feels like the Kings year.
Really pulling for them.
Wow you're so fake
stop thnkn bout em I had to so u got 2
Santa is here in Dark, Milk or White Chocolate  dusted with edible gold for a beautiful, breathtaking finish.
I think has the opposite attitude of Favre and WILL take the next starting Packers QB and help him.
after is done with class and I'm down for whatever y'all want.
your obsessed with Jania.
JPP, easily.
RT Tweet  complete this full sentence...The MVP on defense this season was !
Love  Trust  Honesty  Long Lasting Relationship.
Am i seeing this right.
Is TSC cancelled???
has one of the most beautiful voices
do we really need another show with black people and wolves in it though?
At orioles funfest.
Long lines but I got a free helmet and bobble head
gayla is like holding me hostage and she put a curse on my phone!
I tried to answer but the buttons didn't show up and then
What ya getting?
Above  Beyond Party Buses Book your next event in style go ABOVE  BEYOND FOR INFO 7204549662
Watching the movie Seven with my mother.
What do you do to recover your lost phone?
I have the app where's my phone.
I love it.
I've used it to find my phone in my house!
House Hunters!!!!
Panini was so good!
What a lunch!
Planning beef stroganoff for dinner...
If you're talking behind my back you're in a good position to kiss my ass.
The best thing about 60 weather in JanuaryNO BUGS!!!
In my experience, most professor just want to get thru their subject material w/o attention to larger, versatile skills.
Hey worker bees!
EarthDay tip for today: Save a ton of energy by turning off your computer AND monitor when you leave work for the day.
Quote of the day: Not everyone will support what you're doing.
You just have to think, is it worth the hate??
Watching hannah Montana the movie
yea if we got wes too so it's cheaper
do what I do, and whine constantly, it actually makes you feel better.
Interview subjects also tend to trust more as the people behind the cameras look like them
Oregon needs to watch these penalties
Psssst...Fashionistas....Be Sure to Follow Your New Favorite Digital Glossy.
Like your dirty diaper headline.
Thanks.
Knowing that you are one step closer to becoming
if you don't have something in life to be passionate about then you might as well lay down and die ;
Looking for some soup to warm up your day?
La Prima is serving Buttery Squash with apple 3.65 www.wausautogo.com
Rosehaven Production touring in November.
First stop.
The great state of Mississippi!!!!
Thanks for the prompt call following the auto accident.
You've got customers for life.
well.....yeah.
But I love LA : how awesome would it be of they actually got homes here though.
That'd be pretty cool.
Chase your doctorams and never give up!!!!
im so bored  R.E.T.W.E.E.T IF YOU WANT ME TO DO 50 or more confessions ;
what's up buttercup?
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever oh oh oh or is it just a hit and run...
Lewis got boarded by Doan and busted his face open.
Doan tossed, 5 minute major.
Lewis put himself in a bad spot but still.
Albuquerque is sure beautiful this time of year.
Miss San Diego, but love my new/old home.
We have 3 locations in the DMV area.
H Street NE, Friendship Heights and Bethesda.
you guys are gonna get blown away with PE's new stuff.
pics coming soon!
Current bid is 700, do I hear 800?
Q: Can you go to jail for this app?
A: Absolutely!
Hahaha!
OH weekend TSW2012 via Easy Raffle
The Medieval Faire in Norman this weekend!
Love their disclaimer: Firearms not permitted.
Blades must be kept sheathed and peacetied.
I don't want to live in the reality that I'm in now.
I hate that money is the center of everything....
SUCKS!
i want my 40hours a week back.
A vigorous 5milerun will do more for an unhappy adult than all the medicine  psychology in the world.
Paul Dudley White
digital humanist nerdfighters FTW!!
Up and at em.
Last day of the week
I'm gonna become a Hippie .
Just for the hell of it .
I don't hate black people cause they're black.
I hate them because they think I hate them cause they're black.
So don't change accts., just delete the joke acct.
and let the current acct.
take its handle.
At the Southwest District Council mtg.
Great discussion about zoning  development issues Talking about channelization and Rapid Ride now.
Hey Ben, I just emailed you about being a guest on our movie podcast this week.
We'd love to have you on!
Our time is so specialised that we have people who know more and more or less and less.
Alvar Aalto
Are u planning a mobile sbx exhibit?
vsa2011 Tip 2 from Three Methods Workshop: Keep a journal of what works for your institution
17 i really miss my friends from my private school :
Agree!
We were approached for a great opportunity near a ballpark.
Details soon.
On my next tweet can you guys and girls help me out.
Please Like, comment, and sub to the official MiRL youtube!
Thanks....!
YES!
I LOVE TORRES!
3 football soccer i'mamerican
Let me hold you for a moment, it feels right, don't it?
What's this tent business?
INSIST on trailer homes instead Tents are disposable shelters, trailers are real living spaces
one direction are flawless homos
honestly so am I lol
Teen Spirit playing at Gen X forum.
Amazing.
Its not enough to have cool parties at night and whisper during the day
US Debt Crisis is our greatest security risk.BO has NO plan.
His 10 year plan rejected 4140 in US House because it had no solution.
// That's 8 words out of our 31 word mission statement.
Thanks for posting!
I'm inadvertently wearing Ohio st colors  ew ew ew.
good morning my friend..
game is at 7:30 pm my time.
I don't know what time that is on your side if the world LOL
Learning how to use twitter for a valuable business tool, woo hoo
Apparently all that Bain experience means something.
He's made a stock go up without even trying.
A little brunch, then watch tha brewers feast on tha Astros, for the sweep
Nope, he's still kickin
Where is the world's largest cinco party held  what is it called?
Answer first and nab a spot at our Mexican cooking class on Wed.
for 20
Seeing one of my favorite bands on the planet.
Right now.
Hell yeah
I am responsible for what I speak, not for what you understand.
hm u couldn't have seen Trey tweet this pic yesterday sendin massive floods up  down twitter
Congrats to UK, EKU and Transy for big wins last night!
follow me follow me u are my favorite actor !!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks for the love!
u gotta stop doing that b4 you make friends w/ a murderer!
please follow me:
Wouldn't it be great to collect recollections/trinkets/photos from Texans about PresLBJ?
We could develop a web exhibit.
Best advice from my wharton entrepreneurship professorssor, need to become impervious to the word NO
High of 86 tomorrow...wear your clam diggers!
Prom on Saturday.
Talladega on Sunday.
Best weekend ever.
fingers crossed!
Yeah, I'd be playing Jesus.
No lie...it's Jay Roach film.
Took a look at your blog and enjoyed getting to know you a little.
Well done.
Sun Belt announces Texas State as official member.

Another One On Saturday
MS Lawmaker Andy Gipson should be the one put to death
surgery on wednesday bro bro
good luck!
You'll do great!
:
Oh hi Allen
In theory, I like sharks.
But I suspect that one or more of them could damage a camera!
hopefully soon please!?
I was really excited there for a minute...but that's sweet too I guess
We sure are!
Our Operation Rebound injured military personnel can't wait to ride!
my uncle is telling my dad that i refused to do my work he wouldnt help me i did it i got it wrong now hes lieing to my dad
Whaddup Jasmine, hit me up ASAP.
Need to wrap to you about something.
Gonna send you a message on FB
Thanks, Aaron!
Everyone at shalerhighschool, let's rainbow it out tomorrow.
Thanks!
Her dad always wanted to be a dealer so he can live vicariously through her!
:
It's official: Mark Ruffalo is my favorite Hulk ever.
swoons
Everyone follow my instagram my usernames collerrblhynd DO IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!XD
we know it comes out different when he speaks in English, read his Tweets.
I believe Ozzie.
Ppl.
Need to forgive
Thanks again for the RT
last day of school :D
My dad is a bitch.
Seriously, he needs to fuck himself
how many awards have been televised so far
Sprit of Excellence Health Fair !!
On my way home so tired
Hope we get to meet at BAS meeting tonight.
I saw part of your talk today in Scars but was in and out with the baby.
leave doctorke out of that aleck!!
Lol
That's not a phone it's a tablet.
Our herbal line for the Winter season has arrived and we are all sipping on some peppermint chamomile blends.
Come join us!
We're very glad you enjoyed our tweets :
You made the worst decission today
Looking to end the week on a high note.
Lots of work ahead ready for the challenge!
JayZ  Kanye West Niggas In Paris
Yes.
My first question for you: Anyone out there who thought SuPo race would be handily in Kloppenburg's favor?
still do.
Yessir
did you watch it?
video games or baseball field
Bitch Dat Ass Clap
you sound very interesting.
get in here!
sent a package of what I got each of u for xmas
praying for you  your family.
It's like I work with cartoon charactors so it's pretty awesome!
:P Do you not like yours?
honestly I just can't wait til memorial day weekend
C: What's that on your foot?
Did you cut it?
J: That's probably chocolate.
Yup.
C: I hate you so much.
I will not be Patty.
really b i might only be 120 but i can still kick your a ...
shit was tryna see if mf's was tryna get a session
I think I might be in the mood to lose some followers tonight ...
anybody up for being evil and subversive tonight?
RajonRondo suspended???
SAY iT AiNT SO !
i see as rookie of the year.
Definitely will be shocking alot of people
Apple Says Former CEO Steve Jobs Dies.
Rest in peace Steve Jobs!
Goodnight twitter
UNM just graduated a Christina Applegate.
Or was it Sue Ellen Crandell?
I wish it were Sue Ellen Crandell.
Thank you to all our wonderful follows who represent our many lines of products!
idk dawg im trying to figure things out im coming sometime this summer
The team will be at RUSH Gym tmw from 26pm for a fun SpinandSampling event!
Hope to see you all there!
for a while
That's really lovely...
:
Sounds like you've got a hard core productive day!
kielaa on one !
That awkward moment when you're writting to someone but you forgot how to spell a word so you change the whole sentence to avoid the word
Attention Service Animal Owners!
Have you been denied access to a public place in Canada or USA?
Contact us  we can help!
well will get info and keep you posted though i fell Kenya has already done this training
I hashtag Blockheads and stalks me...how does she find me!?
mattarnold to mcfarland  lpr2011  weinberger principles not being followed  mission scope creep occurs left and right but no funding.
Ready for Valentines Day with dailies?
Please work quickly, coffee.
Mommy is tired and Robbie is not.
Miami's not the same without my brothers and ..
I'm always hungry...and I have more snack food coming from Amazon for my snack doctorwer today
Budgets are tight for most universities and individual travel is costly, EdUSA can assist through online or technological ways

Welcome JG!
Impressive!
doctorand graphic artist!
My son Mat would love that!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Get my hair done Friday , thank god .
Tshh !
It's easy to love your friends and family.
Go love the unlovable, the undesirable or the one who slighted and hurt you.
Now THAT'S love!!
Just got home from school
Yogurt v so good
Need a room for Thursday evening at the ?
Get one for just 99 by mentioning the Holiday Gala while making your reservation!
Thank you!
It's insanely long.
: What's new?
Have you been running?
Hopefully that's a good thing, haha.
What i would do for some taco bell right now.
Colts remove Peyton Manning39;s banner at Indianapolis stadium
Valentines day will be spent punishing NOOBS on the with !
Sad RT : GOODBYE Adios Auf Wiedersehen  Au Revoir.
Our Art Knowledge News art magazine is closing forever on April 15th
when can I buy tickets?
It's like 'Tom  Jerry  the day after'
good guess, but it's Woodland Hills.
You are amazing for trying to help us!!!!!
Thank you: 
broken yolk...?
FOLLOW WE BACK: 11
I wanna wear you like a hockey mask
Why did the chicken cross the road?
COLONEL SANDERS Did I miss one?
no I'm going to stay home and try to get some laundoctor done and pack a little.
Some days writing becomes instinct no analysis just go  f spelling LOVE the state, does social media play into this?
no,except the Tweets
Thx.
Looking forward to reading it!
So fun having and in studio today!
It was fun watching their parents too!
:
At Maxie's near Johns Hopkins w doing an interview for
65 for 2 movers and a 26foot truck.10 Free Wardoctorbe Boxes and Wrapping.B,LicensedInsured Movers.
Student,Military,Senior Discount  5
Happy 21st Chris Kreider!
Wow that's crazy
Please let it be episode 6!
We're at one of those fashion parties where there is food but no one is eating it...except us!
No one is too chic for a cupcake!
15 days to go...
Everything is kosher!
Lol.
Weather is almost as good as Vegas'.
RT : Things are good : how's that down south life?
Tonight!!!
Wrestlemania28 Live from the MIA!!!
The Rock vs John Cena!!!
TeamBringIt or Cenation What team are you?
I'm
Wade calls injury 39;bestcase scenario39;
But is a regular/fanatic visitor more likely to linger on your website?
Few of our onsite peeps visit online.
: dear fans...beliebers...you know u sexy right?
that's why i fs with u :hes talking about ;
...and honestly , I just paid over 300 through your fan club for tickets in Row 9.
You have GOT to be kidding me!!!!
great professorle pic!!
The 2012 is coming soon.
That's what May brings to the party!
My body is aching!!!!!!
I need a massage!!!
.
Have you tried their new release of 2011 Unoaked Chardonnay?
Delicious!
cc:
Jobless claims recently took a dive but hrjobboard.com are still getting job postings from employers.
Visit us today at www.hrjobboard.com
SINGIN THE BEST SONG EVER
I am so glad 2morrow is Friday..but then again who isn't?
:P
RT : Your inner intelligence is the ultimate  supreme genius  mirrors the wisdom of the universe
happens to the best of us.
Hehe, I dabble.
What about you, mister 57 Klout score?
: Impressive stuff.
Do you have any gigs coming up?
Thank you for the retweet!
club YOLO must have been too much fun for you to handle
Lol it needs to go down!
RT : do I sense an Ambrose evacuation coming?
Not sure what you mean, but it's course.
Kinkier than mine, but def manageable if my niece learns.
I'm gonna use that the next time someone asks me why I don't have kids, yet.
Thanks!
Can read about this from poly scientists Hacker, Pierson in book Winner Take All Politics
Merry Christmas...ONE WISH is playing in my household..hugs to all!!
Cheerleaders popcorn 
Knew it was going to happen, would have been wrong it it didn't!
nice Harts...
ugh worst headache ever!
so ready to go home and crash
Tweeting to me is kind of like talkin to urself lol truth Respect 
Every setback life throws at us, teaches us a lesson 3.
Have a fabulous sleep and stay true to yourself.
Seems like a Christmas sock kind of day.
Well said!RT : Anyone can be happy and bubbly when winning amp; everyone kisses your ass but true character is shown in defeat.
Almost like magic, apology has the power to repair harm, mend relationships, soothe wounds, and heal broken hearts.
The Power of Apology
Jamming some CCR and doctornking by the pool!
Whats a Luck of the Irish Shake?
Guiness Ice Cream, donuts, cappuccino almonds  allnatural green food coloring.
Come and get em'!
Hm.
Just like old times?
Pretty much.
Gotta love the Five Guys.
Great peanut oilinfused french fries
Tweet up!
That's the day before my bday, came on!
I'm doing good :
I keep meaning to follow up w/you  are you free in the near future to grab coffee and chat social?
I know you've been super busy!
Masquerade Ball 2  Noche de Pecados 2 BiGGie's Birthday Bash!
Hope everyone is ready for tonight, because I am, See u there!
those were the times.
and remember when we were in art that one day singing Beautiful Girls?
then derrick got bitch slapped?
Marilyn and I will be at today.
Looking forward to some good conversations.
Jessica
Having fun not doing APES work.
Currently listening to two kids debating captainin America vs.
Thor.
is it too early in the day to be thinking about it?
But the parity!!..haha..
Tribute, TenaciousD game set match
We have tonight to share the T!
eggs and toast .
:o
After a year of research, debating, looking at pics, watching Youtube videos, I know I'm ready to go
follow back hoe!
:

what?
No UFC tweets tonight?
Mondays can hurt.
We'll help you with happy hour wine and beer specials starting now!
Thats just a negro people problem.
lol Had me cracking up...
Take time to thank your audience and celebrate victories.
Talk about your victory and show that you're making progress
: well you can pick up a few pounds and still be good...
:girl if u see my booty I need to stop lol
My heart and prayers are extended to the Chimbarozo family.
Seven of them died on the Indiana Toll Road on their way to a funeral.
Brazilian Wavy.
Update on Crash on I84 EB: Only the left hand lane is getting by just prior to 181st traffic backed up past 122nd
Josh turner..guh love his voice!!
companies named after schoolyard games do seem to do well!
Increasing income taxes, in an attempt to attack those who are wealthy, is like trying to starve out the owner of the farm.
go chrissie!
and Mandy: ha ha ha!
Lift heavy!
140 Characters just isn't enough this morning.
haha mister Martin might be able to whip some up Brown
Ladiess!!!!
Dnt get mad when a niggh come at yu on sum shiit...
blame it on the real hoez who give the female population a bad name...
101
She said she was bout to turn up
Apparently BigFoot's name is Larry.
Follow Me Please
My brother swears by Smashburger.
I've been away at school, but we just got one in my area and I need to go
We were talking about China in World History today,  all I could think of was songs from Mulan c:
Q4 brainstorming new ideas for learning and seeing others use those ideas successfully later..
Thanks to everyone for coming to see last night!
Have a safe Easter break!
Univ.
of Chicago study: Los Angeles area second most corrupt region in the US.
What?
We lost to Chicago?
Nothing to do , nothing on tv , no company ,  bored.
Soo you kno what that means , time to watch a movie , by myself 
At an audition for a job that shoots Jan.
20 Really?
Don't they know how different we could look by then?
I MISS PRETTY LITTL LIARS I CNT WAIT UNTILL OCTOBER LET A LONE JANUARY!!!!!!
33333
Pence might be the worse fielder we have seen in a while.
Good guy and I like him a lot but terrible in the outfield.
did you tell mom what time to pick us up?
Its gonna start raining any second.
If i get rained on...im punching my dad.
can you please care to tell us what the title of your new tv show might be???
please for a fan?
:D
All Day Permit Center?
all of you add me on facebook!!
i would want to be the ultimate hall of famer,never had the big fat paycheck but helped the team to 3 or 4 SB's.that's just me
Andoctorid and iOS apps now published.
But keeping all mum.
Ah, enterprise politics.
I've said that!
Then I removed the spider.
cc:
And to those who have their siblings alive today, please...
all I ask is for your to value your time with them.
Some of us were not so lucky
NW married with childoctorn
At a biz conference so FF short this week...
awe : that sucks lol
.
appealing to today's modern youth MT : Dumanis shooting video for dinner.
script includes word wisenheimer.
so your a model?
That pic of your BBQ pit is getting me hungry.
And I just ate!
Nice, real nice.
Thanks...
We'll see about that : in the meantime, ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK!
:
LOL, LOVE IT, and we were waiting for a good story RT : Q7 That Reagan blog title was a joke.
Couldn't agree more.
Happy to see him get the payoff and recognition he deserves.
HAHAHA!
Your way with words never ceases to impress.
:
Thanx bro, you are right.
Your hair looks good!
break a leg!
Now accepting beta clients for Version .1 Release of our ProdigyApps.
50 off of our normal price with a nominal monthly fee.
tweet us!

Glad to be aboard captainin!
Some of my favorite lol Gavin DeGraw Not over you, The Script Nothing
Open today til 7pm.
2 for 1 burgers and happy hour all day!
Happy 4th be safe
Your own fault lol
: haha they were literally the coolest pair I've ever seen!
cockysox hahaha get ya a pair
Going to the fair.
me?
why?
You're welcome.
hah yeah right im not going back to studyhall
New phone.
3
i dont want go back to school :
Send it to me direct and I will fix it in the system for you.
Thanks!
T.J.
Thanks : I hope so...it's a long shot so we'll see
Go to bed then!
Also, it's going to be weird having most of you read my tweets a couple of hours after I post them since it's like 2 am for you right now.
Happy mothers day Mommadukes : I love you so much3
Samadhi just told me that he wants to be a time traveller when he grows up.
Too bad.
US lacked consistency to beat Brazil after beating Spain.
Still, glad they played well.
Great game US!
How many passengers can you cart around safely?
followed you, can you follow me please?
:
Have to say, the floats in this years Rose parade are just amazing!
Houston : you ?
Trivia: the Latin word for brewmaster is braxtor!
Just landed in NYC with !
Just arrived at Fox 6 wakeup.
Waiting in the atrium
but y'all should've swept them if they sucked that bad
cheer up prince
Love Anderson cooper and Kathy Griffin on NYE!!
haha, aw I miss doctorw!
His dad is hot!
4 People expect to work, learn, socialize, and play whenever and where ever
Hey.
Follow back please?
:
is a live in walking PETA ad for those sad animal commercials..
I 3 animals more than ever now :
Keha Cleaned Up Her Act: Keha wore a blackandgold doctorss to the 60th annual BMI Pop Music Awards in Beverly Hill...
Hi Debra, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
He was out on bond awaiting trial for the first incident.
Unfortunately.
Thanks!
I found it.
Now I just need to cook it!
haha
follow me back this is desmond
josh Hamilton y wasn't he in home run Derby
haha yes it has zach braff from scrubs in it, and natalie portman.
why?
Social Media  Video Marketing Trainer / Speaker / Consultant
Thank you all for the laughs and the tears.
Bravo.
Not just Bill, everyone.
No fear, that one!
RT I love how handles
yay the judges stood for hollie 3 I love her
Aw thank you Suhyla
WHAT IS AIR?
IM LEAVING TO SEE TRS IN 5 HOURS
I totally agree.
Go Rox
doctorpquest has stolen my soul.
I can't stop.
But I must step away from the computer for a while
Ringling Museum what a fabulous place!!
Currently taking a dump.
Comments/Questions/Concerns?
Allegro is heading down to the Wheeling Arts Fest today at noon to perform.
Suprises will be revealed !!
:
Somebody call me b fo I go to sleep
Thanks for the wonderful Mother's Day wishes, , the nicest guy in the twitterverse.
Hope you  your family had a great day, too!
You do anything fun this weekend?
Beautiful  moving.
RT I am an undocumented immigrant.
Read about it in : ow.ly/5nF2m
Words you don't want to EVER ask, HOW DID HE GET IT SO FAR UP HIS NOSE?!
Just got back from my romantic cruise with it was
Right back at cha, cowboy.
Last full day of high school.
Ever.
So far this is kind of a horrible episode.
:/
Totally stole that for my facebook status 21
: This nite is super weak!
Line been dead since yesteryear...SMHcuz uon fucks wit a ninja no mo smh
Im going to go to one mall where is performing and doctorp a picture in front of him so he will take me to the movies :
INSANE!
This thing is so cool!
mall c:
alpha step...
Omega step.....
You got that smart and sexy
RT : I like your last name...:  LOL!
I wonder why ; Wishing you a fabulous day!!!
Good start :D
Please do.
We'll make one extra cheesy for ya!
watching tv....wats twitter for?
I need to start not following celebrities unless I know them, they just think I'm another fan.
I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go a week without a doctornk
It was a student film.
no actually only on my phone lol
omg no come to Antarctica.
Another hallmark of successful weight maintenance, according to the University of Pittsburgh study, is regularly counting calories.
glad you love coffee!
Will bring back Ethiopian beans!
does she doctornk buna.
I saw a horse in person once.
IRanFaMyLife!
hahahahaha.
Made my day.
That's a good point, you don't want to be the team that inspires him.
Would NOH throw in that Minnesota pick this year as well?
Miss Saturdays at !
Kids miss the open skates and even more ice up here there is less open ice time!
I'm going to Jacksonville to see Giants play preseason game.its August 10th I think
American Dad 
Damn straight!
And we were so skeptical
do u know how jealous i am
Storms moving through right now.
We have the latest on 7News at 6:00.
I'll be there for the high school band camp!
Can't wait to be a part of the AOB!
got one more year!
I love you TSU!
The Don't AskDon't Tell Policy is still in play in the Ethics Rules in Congress
Theres nothing i hate more than the anoyance of an over obsessive boyfriend.
I need some space in a relationship.
Dang.
Yells Nothing!
I want sum icecream
I refuse to give you pictures of me urinating because 1 the pictures don't and should never exist and 2 I'll be naked
: i have a blue you might like too i'll bring it tonight
you have to message me to win!
please hit me up
wud up girl?
had a mitch buchannon lifeguardesqe moment in the shower as the baywatch theme played...
Don't forget Better Book Sale Today at OCC Library!
Thank you 
Thanksgiving is tomorrow , so I'd like to say that I'm thankful for for always staying true to himself  his fans 3
what.
we have to work today?
just got threw watching The Pharcyde  doctorp video bout 5 times, ThatZ a trip out video.
I remember when i bought the tape back in the days
damn news to me up here we gets it in as long as your shit ain't smelling like a garbage can  neatly groomed
1939: Rookie Ted Williams debuts as BOS loses to the NYY 20.It's the only game in which Williams Gehrig ever appear together
hth2012 interesting integration of gameplay and teaching.
one of the first examples I've seen where this actually looks fun
Hey!
Thanks for the mentions.
Good to hear from you!
I mean I'm not gonna fight for him..
Ha!
I think you could get him ;
ha ha yesir!!
I gotcha homie
ha wow ghetto booty lol the things you see on that game priceless
Griffin Museum FOCUS AWARDS were announced today They will be featured during Boston's FLASH FORWARD festival 6 June 2012 They got me as MC
Zumba, baby!!
RT : Retweet this if you started your week with a workout!
Follow and you could be lucky to win a ticket..
Now!
Lmao this nigga like nasty stuff, who eats those boah ?!
We see Maude Flander's last appearance on The Simpsons tonight at 5, tune in with us!
Good to know.
Taking notes for our summer road trip.
I don't know about Israel but Jeffrey Goldberg is.
In upcoming weeks I will write about what happened to me, hoping they will guide others in some way.
A first post in the morning, hopefully.
great ihsmdc event tonight!!
really enjoyed hearing from so many interesting people.
well done and thank you for organizing!
Truth is like the sun.
You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't going away.
Elvis Presley
you knew that also hates ketchup, right?
like, with a passion?
ketchup and windchimes: scourges of civil society.
hmm hmm hmm my vote is all of em, but if i had to choose i'd say John Stokedton
An overuse of the word seriously tells us to never take you seriously.
techraking starting here at Googleplex.
Great investigative journalists and tech folks in one room
I am, too!
Dagnabit.
God, I can't handle being trapped in a tiny space with so much awkward facial hair.
Can't wait for dancing piece to air at 6:50 this morning!
I've seen it and its awesome!
2k not trynna give me my wins.
I think i hit the limit
Burning up.
I don't know why I believed you again .
This excel document has a lot of blue lines in it.
I see orange stripes whenever I close my eyes.
That's fine, you gave me a bad rep.
anyways.
Next Tuesday I will be performing at Piano Bar in Hollywood 10pm...Who's coming?
There are so many great heatseeking artists right now.
love the concept of your twitter page; makes me lol :
this would be good on a t IT'S ALL ABOUT THE BBN!
Would love to have one with that on it
Excited to be in San Diego playing tourist.
Hugging my turtle so tight!
:3
Rumor has it that there is a building leaning on Devonshire St Boston.
Just a rumor.
Unlike some other people, I don't sleep with everyone I make eye contact with.
I'm Looking For Interns In Atlanta, To Attend  Assist Me In Local Events.
You MUST Have Your Own Car  Have People Skills!
DM Me.
I need there to be at least 3 more Wednesdays to get all my work done.
Holy cow.
thanks for the input!
I'm thinking Canon...
On a very crowded cross town bus w/Kip who sounds like I am torturing him....
If you think I disagree with that, you don't know ME
3wordstodescribeme AntiAbductions Experts..
Check out our site at www.nationaldt.com
oh, so I kept trying and eventually I got one in section 4 which is in the middle!
and in row B, which is near the front!
Wow..williamshatner is trending..Did he kill another wife?
Sorry..but he did..C'mon..we all know it!
Any observations on Windows 7 yet?
I need a new laptop.
Great idea!
But that requires me getting out of bed right now.
That's asking a lot ...
: I'll do it tomorrow!
how was the show this weekend?
thnx for the cell phone doctorve shout out.
Are you going to tomorrow?
Finally back in
fire those cameras up.
try to stick to crime on other one.
Figure those followers wouldn't like my Bmore smack talk.
i'm not following anyone that has if that's what you're looking for lol
Watching Game of Bones
vever gonna give you up, Rick Astley
2 more weeks til the last day of school!
Pittsburgh, Text all your Computer Questions to us....4128758340....We respond to all text messages every half hour during business hours
:Never leave something good to find something better, because once you realize you had the best, the best has found better
: ii have been following you for over 2 years .
can you follow me back ?
RT this !
3 More Day Justin Bieber til Mistletoe.
So Happy.
xD
haha : I really enjoy saying swaggie :
C'mon Nix!!
Bitch swear she bad fix ya tracks!
Smfh
How do you feel in Monday evening?.
Life is a sum of all our choices.
Choose well!!!!
tebowtime let's go
great highlights, definitely aggregate these afterward
great, thoughtprovoking piece.
Even so, I'll still go running and screaming from the subject like I did in high school.
We applied about two weeks ago.
SAGAFTRA will notify you of approval about 1 wk before your scheduled SHOOT DATE.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Oh no  excuse me mister opposing baseball player.
Wouldn't want to unfairly impede your path to the ball!
That would be rude!
This cafeteria feels like a ice box
My skins not going to turn green...
3
Your tulips look very pleased with themselves!
Thanks for shopping with AmazonFresh.
He wants this class to be discussion and film based, not anymore listening to a 70 yr old lecture for 2 hrs straight
hm Its Really H.O.T !!
DAYUMM
Central Australian Walibri men from different tribes greet each other by shaking penises on ceremonial occasions.
As he should be.
Love the Fridge forever.
how are you doing?
My Great Grandma Emma is not doing well, might be headed out to Long Beach CA to visit her tomorrow or the next.
I just spent SO much time doing something ridiculous...
and YET, I feel quite accomplished.
.
Yeah LOL !
Has Landon Gotten home yet ?
A man never likes you so well as when he leaves your company liking himself.
thank ya thank ya!
My bday was amazing!
: Muah!
My heat lost last night saw a lot of problems n dem shyty ass refs was the main one O well
waiting for a follow back ?
DM'ing you!
Whoever is watching h20 and suit life of Zach and Cody on my Netflix needs to stop cough cough and
Teacher:Sit uo front.
Me: Btch , i sit in the back for a reason.
I dont want to see your ugly face in HD.
: thanks for the repeat business.
we'll get this shipped 1st thing monday!
anyone who will listen I am really interested in substance abuse services provided/funded by the cityI have some leads can you help
Yep.
That was at the Vet.
The doctornk said Fck LT!
and then threw a beer at my 56.
What could I do.
I was 15!
It's people like you that inspire me , social media really does give wings to learning, both for students and teachers!
what kind of bowl?
:D
PlayStation had a dashboard?!?
I dont know every year new state makes regents exams and we take them at the end of the year
No Problem!
Stay tuned!
We're sure to post a lot of great information that you will be interested in!
My culinary tour of SF is over but delicious memories live on thanks to WaterBar, Zero Zero, Cotogna, Gitane, RN74  Cowgirl Sidekick.
Follow to gain more followers
oh crap!
thanks for pointing it out man
tweets arent meant to be personal.
but sumtimes it just happens
Just can't do it maybe because I'm a batman fan
Damn!
Great job !
Thank you for including badass female fighters.
may have just gotten your wish!!!
too early though
Hugo is an amazing cinematic adventure!
Watch for technical Oscar nods!
Young actor Asa Butterfield gives an Oscarworthy perf.!
MUST SEE
at least u have some awesome company!
Hope you're hanging in there and kicking butt ;
I'm not a Player, I just Crush alot.
He thrives emotionally, spiritually and physically in a loving atmosphere.
Creating a tranquil, harmonious home is in your power.
Don't miss out!
RT The IceBergHunt is coming!
Follow next Tues to get clues on how to win a Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition ticket
Whenever I wear long skirts, I feel like Phoebe from Friends :
it's quite warm over here, today ;
Haha!!!!!
Also and on youtube before the ppv starts.
Really enjoyed the Easter church service at Celebration Church.
Jesus is a miracle worker!
I want my bed, but this bitch is on some bull so fuck her.
Where are you commenting?
Can't see that...
To cover up chipped polish fast,swipe on a top coat with chunky glitter.
The bling will camouflage any bare spots!
Romans 8:34 Christ Jesus is the one who died...
who was raisedwho is at the right hand of God, who indeed is interceding for us.
Thanks for the congrats.
In preproduction on the short film, Table for Two.
Shooting in L.A.
March 5  6.
More soon....
Let's turn a new leaf swoosh
ofcourse they're perfect, but with David they're perfect too ;
lol ok I believe you.
Sometimes, it takes a good fall to really know where we stand.
On this Easter Sunday, perhaps the Kraken Sour is appropriate?
We're open at 5pm!
With Dodgers Rockies and Astros coming to town, Brewers had to be thinking better than a 54 homestand.
Dear Dominoes Your new Parmesan Bread Bites taste great when I'm doctornk and are nit even that bad when I threw them up.
I like Aaron he cracks me up and I'd probably be running away like he always does too!
haha
At and i'm the only one!
Come on people!
USA!
that is an interesting questions.
I'm giving up being a negligent tweeter for lent!
Here's to more tweeting in 2012 :
RT  chrispirillo My heart has a neon OPEN sign.
Know any Seattlearea, single, cute women who are up for Costco Hot Dog dates?
Email me.
At muh house.
Will be signing at Mysterious Galaxy  10 am!
Theirs No Substitute In The Truth
Live in the NOW!
Enjoy every second life has to offer you!
If you're unhappy, find what makes you happy and go for it!
26Jewels
At the Workshop Uniting the Californias.
Doctoral Consortium is kicking off.
B in sociology .
not what I expected..
What is it?
Consider a career in federal consulting.
Attend the Deloitte Consulting Undergraduate Info Session tonight from 56:30pm in MGC 200.
well she was definitely the birth of you
I love the Lakers but when it comes to Thunders I gotta root for my home town
Thanks Peter.
Thank u to the ppl who follow.
Now I have to go to school but don't want to
what's good son?
Im heading back to the mil tonight.
We gonna have to meet up one of these days n blow some
We are excited to announce that our new sports talk show Sports Chat Live will debut on March 15 at 10pm CT on
Obey a natural law: keep thinking objective.
listen up little lady, theres a kickback in my area, skatersballers jerkin, see dat hysteria, red cup in ya hand, they leavin you stayin
Go for me!
No.
What's tumblr?
indeed.
Jazz going to make it a rough game
Happy Labor Day!
AW BBY what happened to your car?
WELCOME TO TWITTER HOT STUFF!!
;
RT : Imagining if we'd had smart phones in Srebrenica.
In Rwanda.
In Hama '82.
In Grozny.
Did you catch any or was it a typical fishing trip for you?
Rt Looking forward 2the webinar this afternoon on Student Parents
The Marina  SF's best kept secret.
Castro  dead to me.
the Syrian Civil War is an excellent example of how the intersection between politics and ethics can lead to increased chaos.
Glad your healing well!!
Can honestly say, I'm tired of the fighting..
I'll have to check on that!
:
same here.
I get confused  frustrated when free.
I try to remember that yoga makes me feel good.
Some girls should just eat makeup so they can be pretty on the inside.
Rehearsal with SNR in advance of the performance at Woodland Pattern.
Feels like we are very much in sync  excited for Sunday night....
1 of best 2011 anthro moments: George Marcus recommends Jim Faubion's new book in Cult Anth, w.warning: intellectual price of admission high
For the next 8 hours swing by Rockabillies Bar and get the deal shown here: FREE doctorNK Service Industry Sunday
BTW Fantasy Baseball note: I am an idiot for doctorpping Jake Peavy before the season...
Thought I had too many old guys
you aren't going?
Watching Jeepers Creepers!
going to purchase a saber tooth so I can sink some putts from Downtown!!
plz add me or thnk you and i will add u back too!!!!!!!
Wednesday Night at the Q is happening tonight!
6pm  QBar REMINDER doctorNK RESPONSIBLY.
PLEASE!!!
We want everyone to have a fun SAFE night!
you confuse abiding by rules with accepting that bad rules should simply be accepted  not improved.
cc
: I want someone to be afraid to lose me.Y?
Already Did Boss
I'd rather read that than the original.
It's been stating me down all week.
Friggin' Joyce.
Bahahaha!
sideeye I hate people.
LOL  : I am looking at a twitter bio that reads i love doctorwing and wrighting storys 
Hm I think your twitter was hacked again
Good morning and hello to the readers in Honduras...:
Good Lord!
It will be in the low 80F here today.
Kiss me, I'm Irish ;
can we get a gif of that Zbo intense clapping?
Having Hannah Montana songs stuck in your head while you're trying to learn conics
Anyone know how to view LostChristmas in the US?
BBC player doesn't like Americans.....
apparently.
.
Aw shucks.
Welcome to the table.
Back in 305 with
The last few days have been a bluuuurrr..just workin and playing my Tennis.
It takes all I have to keep life going these days.Respect masses
Just took winning to a whole 'nother level.
On week 3 of P90X  that shit works girl!
: 10 FOR THIS BANANA NUT BREAD BEER, AND THIS SHIT IS GROSS banana anything is gross..
I would prolly puke if I doctornk that.
that's weird to me.
Turkeys are huge!
Will that fit?
Pinot was fine but I prefer red too.
Love Malbec from Argentina.
How's it going in your neck of the woods?
:
Thanks for the mention ...
hope all is well!
Thanks for giving our takeout  delivery service a try :
Thanks for the follow my man, saw your work on Vimeo, very impressive.
Bout to go get sumthin to eat.
Gotta wake up
RT : for a day of startup essentials
How was the antique venture?
Pick up anything good?
right mme to
What if you don't?
Many people trying to find out what they do and what they don't, instead of DOING
hahahahaha, that's fantastic.
Let me be the one you call when you tryna be a freak 
it's heavy when people tell you that people are having 50 person meetings about you
I'd rather act as if I'm 14 than have a 14year old's attempt at facial hair.
Um.
Yeah.
Me too.
I stopped clicking the links because of it.
At a kfc that plays nothing but trance music in the background?!?
Boston PD is the 4th most trending!!!
The world will see it all!
Irritating People  BEAUTIFUL WEATHER  desperate need of some Jen Time  HOOKIE  a long run by the lakefront.
Dude if i knew i would tell ya!
Lol
follow me please Justin : x
Nigga get out your feeling......
Those things lie.
One size fits most
How to Calculate Cash on Cash Return  USTaxAid Services
Welcome to the KosherEye Twitter Community!
See that you are in Louisiana..
Do you have a great kosher gumbo recipe?
What a wonderful event!
Begun in the 1990s in New Orleans every year the 18th Annual Essence Fest will take place from Friday, July 1 through Sunday, July 3.
It turns out that may be looking to recruit another team member.
Please dm for consideration if you would like to join.
Please RT.
Lea's comeback to everything is you're fat
You are not having a good day.
Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have.
Make the NOW the primary focus of your life.
Eckhart Tolle
lol.
I know many don't like him but I do think he is playing more D than he has ever played in his career.
I like Melo
We did it!
We helped raise money for football equipment for the neighborhood center.
Showers and thunderstorms continue through the night and tomorrow.
Mid 60's tomo.
Clearing tomo night and much cooler Sunday
Get up and get fit!!
no problem hope you have an amazing day i love you 3 and your day is full surprises :
Thanks!
Lemme know when you need promo codes.
What a man whore.
Stick to one guy, my gosh.
RT : And oomf always ruins my day..
cough cough
industryissues 2012problems RT: why can't i sign up restie for opentable online?
why do i have to talk to human on phone?
Bad design is the 1 way to age your exhibit.
Technology ages, good design doesn't
655 followers...that's cool being I've done nothing to really to encourage it.
But it would be even more fun to have 1,000!
Tell ur friends!
starts yelling he is ejaculating white stuff after the person scatters pieces of white paper on the floor
at like the beginning of June
Love Is All You Need!
white shoes  secretary.
Everyone knows strippers only go for clear lucite platform stilettos.
what other bands are you in to?
No way!!
That is classy!
Is there an HBO show about your life yet?
Please chill that ASAP.
Congratulations!
Good luck to my Philly friends
I dont know how.
I just looked at my hand and it was bleeding

Thanks Woody!
I love Halal food
Superbowl Is it over for the Pats?
Way to stay cool Giants!
does miap have an appraisal course?
I'm hoping to see a syllabus...
I wonder wht mari doing
this made me think of u : scool is th most wonderfulace ever
The cookie I gave away at lunch?
RT : Whatever you are thinking, think bigger.
Tony Hsieh
Cirque at the Oscars amazing!
Might be back in April.
I don't have dates yet, but will let you know once I do.
Held at DEN tsa for 45 minutes because toothpaste overlapped cell charger in bag.
NeverShouldYouEver tell someone that you love them when you really don't...that is not cool
All I want right now is a chicken snack wrap from McDonalds!
Is that to much to ask for
I love money two ever went I have enough so was good like the guy from How high said lol thx for following
I love and I'm not afraid to admit it!
Thinking of God's Love....
ItMakesMeSmile
Hey you still have a chance to see DETROPIA, it'll be opening in select cities in September!
Like us on Facebook for more updates!
dm your number
me too!
Let me know where you're at now.
Gotta catch up!
is it to late to try out for bad girls season 8
Apparently cheese fries aren't made from cow patties anymore!
Wtf it's been proven that Sam is a lezbo and miss heather it's sea turtles!
Got my grandma into liking Coldplay when she heard them on American idol every teardoctorp is a waterfall
Green tea con mint
Wedding doctorss shopping with the Wiseman ladies
Quicktime is best.
Goodnight Naptown...thanks for tunin in...back with you tomorrow for the allrequest Mother's day brunch
you caught that movie voiceover voice narrating the intro to this, right?
This is ridiculous
Acupressure.
It works wonders.
;
Why does TweetDeck keep bothering me for my Facebook password?
Thanks a bunch everyone, all you reverbers rock :: man what some talent rockin !
Want Portland FOX 12 forecasts sent to your phone?
Just text the number 83350 and write Brian in the message area.
It's free!
One Hub liked PSq bc of the great architecture and the atmosphere during the day, but needed high broadband speeds.
Amateur Hour in Fells Point.
miss seeing u on good day Colorado glad u made to twc tho
Is anyone actively still using Google?
I have to present on it to my colleagues but mine is umm...very quiet.
Welcome back to snowy Seattle Unifi CES team!
Let's hope we can avoid another snowmaggedon Don't want to be stuck in the house.
Whoop whoop!
7200 people like Bar Method Los Angeles!!!
when are you hopping over the pond again?
and us should get together.
yep, jake sure did make that story pretty!
Thx !
Virgin mobile has really done an impressive job w/youth homelessness.
feeling gutted...
never felt a thing at BU either.
We're thankful for our incredible food partners, fantastic clients and the opportunity to pursue our passion.
Happy Thanksgiving!
:
penn precedent: in the nowdefunct american civilization program, statistics could fill the language requirement.
Second place!!!!
It's gonna be your prom weekend and you just sitting there tipsy nah man niggas needa travel to other dimensions
YOU WERE ON OMEGLE AND I SAW YOU!!!!!!
YOU SAID I SPELLED YOUR NAME WRONG WICH MY FRIEND DID !!!!!!!!
OMG OMEGLE ME!!
AGAIN
Milano Inn!!!
RT Hey !
What restaurants do you recommend to the Super Bowl fans who will be coming in February?
Note to self: procure a freakin check register before adding more blank paper to this one.
Thanks!
I'd love to know how old my hotmail is.
We're having a great time here at
SDCChiHack Best Web Award goes to Quality Tabs
I heard that the radiation from Japan might reach the U.S.
Hope I get some damn super powers!
everyday of our lives, wanna find you there wanna hold on tight.
a dolla make me holla honey boo bo
A Blue Jay flew into our warehouse this morning.
It didn't leave for 3 hours.
It kind of looked like the twitter bird.
Besides working, I did absolutely nothing this weekend.
Haven't done that in a long time.
thanks Claire!
Best303sounds rules.
When it's winter and you're super cold, then call Justin and the air will become super hot.
:s
ok good, I am following you on here!
Oh sorry..my Facebook inbox is like 75 spam crap and I always miss the real messages :
Omg!!: RT : GhettoWaysToDie Twerking in the shower ,  you slip on a bar of soap
Some fucker just made a joke about forcing anal on a woman.
What a dick!
After I fell out of my chair laughing I made a mean face.
I'm the Director of Ethnic  Cultural affairs in and I'm also biracial.
Let's get together and plan an event!
:
Every day is Cinco de Mayo when you are Uncle Joe Biden.
oh I gotchu.
Lol he's gonna be mad tomorrow xD
Best memory is wheel chairing the bases at the end of last season and Dan Haren signing a baseball for both of us!
11 yo daughter of cou ...
That Tweet made my morning, thanks!
lol RT when there something on my tits...
I swipe it with my finger and lick it up..
i'm so flippin bored.
Karl Rove is a boil on the butt of humanity.
He needs to be sliced and doctorined and the core cut out.
Only then can we heal.
RT : The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them.
Mark Twain
I am sure will be lined with flowers...
don't hate the player hate the game bro
see there is always a happy ending to every story ;
Sounds like it might be the fan for the video equipment itself
ah ure my rival todd beamer....
U watch kdoctormas?
It's the little things that make the big things possible.
Only close attention to the fine details of any operation makes the...
I'm so ready for the beach this year...
i wasnt that doctornk dude, you went to the train station and smashed yourself against the wall, trying to get to hogwarts
When you find one, let me know!
Ha!
And who cares if you smell like a dude ...
well, guess it depends on occasion  company!
I have seen that infograph, repurposed it.
It's a good general starting point :D
I wish I could be happy all the time.
Many thanks to our wonderful 5x7splurge and 5x7social media sponsors!
, , , , 
That aint bad but you know college you going to
Definitely!
I've been flirting with a few dissertation ideas that deal with space so I just might take you up on that offer.
What a fantastic finish to an exciting game!
Great call by the refs.
Wat time are yall leaving tomorrow??
i had some homemade dosa today  good idea :
Who's watching stuff on the royal wedding already I sure am
Shrimp taco.
Rice.
Black beans.
Fries.
Southwestern eggrolls.
We heard the Col McNish event was amazing  kudos!
Everyone is real excited about Apple's acquisition of Chomp, but I find there app to be tremendously poor.
Hope the algorithms are strong.
A little lie is the same as a big lie.
They both make you a liar and in turn make you untrustworthy.
Is hiding it really worth all that?
Per your request, I've asked my Coordinator to forward the images to you for inclusion in the summer issue.
We trippy mane
bout to tear the gym up with flexin lmao
Honda is back, once again I can doctorve to work, doctorve home, and doctorve to work again without the fuel gauge moving lol
Send him your 1040 so he knows to keep supporting candidates who comply with Article 1, Section 8
Check time!
same.
But I didn't want to go.
Clients of the streaming APIs may be experiencing delivery delays.
Our engineers are currently working on this issue.
just felt like sayin yo name cuz i seen u was on twitter
Dedication: ELWIN WILLIAMS, Grandpa Elwin Williams, the whole family loves  misses you very much.
Love alaways, Tara  family
so you will send a link or you have sent a link??
wish people knew when enough is just enough, but no, we all must continue to argue until one we're blue in the fucking face.
ah...
Yeah I know what you mean.
I'm just saying if you really want her, you'll do anything to have her.
Good morning!
Your welcome.
Will do.
Never been to CA Right now just wondering when tickets go on sale for the Bengals Raiders game Wk 12
it was love at first site
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to One Tree Hill online streams on HD
hahahahhahaha I'm not like every other girl.every girl
Blergh.
Empathy.
Sounds like we need a new hashtag:
looks like another awesome video!!
cant wait to watch it!
The two most common elements in the universe are Hydoctorgen and stupidity.
YAYAYAYAYAAAY!
IM SERIOUSLY CRYING RIGT NOW!!!!!!
And next up My Fluffy Pet Hamster
I thought that the calling limit was 12 !!!!!
Im going home
Why am I shopping in TimesSquare.
Just found my 2011 Resolutions.
I went 2 for 8.
Guess I don't need any new ones for 2012.
do you know that you are awesome?
Thanks for taking this.
picked up our race packets!
Get ready to run :
Hey are you depressed?
I couldn't tell by your 50 depressing lyric tweets.
Is taking a social constructivist view on an educated life the right approach?
I don't know if a constructed identity functions.
As Jack Hawksmoor is the King of Cities, I am the King of Geeks.
At conventions I display my powers by parting crowds of costume contestants
Watching an episode of Family Guy from 1999 .
The only thing that's sorta changed is the voices !
And a lil bit of the colors .
Funny : 3
Bil Lindsay, fmisterChmbr chr.
Promises are reciprocalwe have an obligation to support veterans transition back to civilian life
Is a tastemaker?
Certainly influential.
Not anymore ;
no one gives a fuck
MICA Takes Flight VIP Reception: Thursday, 5:307:00PM, Reagan National Airport, Terminal A.
Hope to see our DC alumni there!
you're welcome.
I almost forgot, I made that comment.
photography used to be my life too.
you're still young.
lol
i have that i heard you were a wild one stuck in my head.
makes no sense
Buck Double, and they had a version of the Big Mac that was better than a Big Mac at one time.
waiting for BOYFRIENDVideo to come out...
I love you girl 33
i kind of like that we have 1 semester a month
iloveitwhen my neighbors do p90x every single night
hahah I might aswell watch too!:L she's class!:L oh and thanks for that!
Lol what channel is on?
I wonder what my life would be like if I had made a different choice.
You have sympathy from me!
TTC is the hardest thing ever.
Finally done!
GREATEST FEELING EVER.
Time to catch up on all the hours of sleep I've missed this week
Yeah.
And one of their names is Davaun x Haha!
finding you on twitter just made my day!
Will be planning trip 2 4 dec.
First time w/ food allergy daughter
2 more hours here and I'm free!!!!
Are you texting yourself yet?
Tremendous things happen when you do...you will be amazed.
If you are already texting just add your name.
Sounds like a great night to me.
Happy early birthday!
Watching Billy The Exterminator, doctornking Margaritas with my Sweet Boy!
Sometimes, Facebook updates are like a sad, sad country song.
Who wants to travel around Korea with me??
Good luck to everyone competing at kwon sunday!
Let me know how it goes!
Oussu!
For sure.
SomewhereintheHood Gearing up for the 1st of the month.
Just watching One Direction interviews :
This is prolly the 1st time fisher has actually been happy not to be a
No...
but I'm assuming it was amazing.
Ill send a free song to any one who requests one
no.
It's only a few.
Maybe like 10/15
yooo why u aint in school
First night at the new job.
Stay tuned for d'tails.
oh wow!
Yea u need to go...
very well...and shut the fuck up ok PAPERS are fuckin SHITTER...
The Gym Was Good : Lmao ; I Was Scared ;p
Got invitation to your dad's wedding.
Is this real life!?
newyorkquotes fk outa here!, ima bout my biz/ppr, if u cud mak it here, u cud mak it ne whr sht New York in general!!
Short time !
You can do it boys!
keep up the hard work!!
Can't say it enough!
Thank You Joan 
walgreensgang cvs is for tools.
Walgreens will always be there when we need them
and follow me back
This has happened a few times.
Fair enough.
After a six and a half month hiatus from twitter...the kid is back!
What's up with my 31 followers?
I feel so BAD!
I hurt Venus and now she is crying :'
man we totally could have went shopping or something then been bored as fuck sitting here all day!!
Successful lake weekend w/  So much fun!
I'm pretty sure knows what is up.
thanks for the rt
Whelp.
Flyers lost.
Sad about saying goodbye to 's playoff beard.
Until October...fly on.
Putting on snow pants...to walk to the grocery store
It's just plain weird, combining cupcakes, kids, and BYOB.
OMG, you guys, there is totally a red fern growing in between Mike Wallace and Andy Rooney's graves.
THE Alabama State
Shot a commercial for a pediatrician today.
Hung out in the Hungry Caterpillar room.
I ate through two pears.
But I was still hungry.
Who's voting Obama?
Be honest twitter folk.
Wow!
You are so good to us!RT : I think decorated the world last night...or least most of LA...Edgar you and...
CODYJAKEUSTREAM GOLDCOASTFINEST WELCOMETOPARIDISE shelly from wisconsin i love you so much cody, i would cry if u saw this!
Sad day in
thanks, just making sure :
Buzz Aldoctorn in Transformers is like Stephen Hawking in White Chicks
If you saw what I saw in you, your confidence would SOAR!
People rebuild what we've done badly in Flash in 1997, now in HTML5 but it takes more memory and it's slower, so it must be better
going to sleep with a clean mouthbest feeling in the world
so tired ....everyday wanna exam exam and exam
Trivgov?
Completely random.
Lovebird's
have you heard yet?
Guess who will be reunited with Chloe and Siena in 12 hours :D
There is nothing more annoying than when customers come in 5 minutes before closing....
my pants were just raptured.
Wait..what?
GiveObamaCreditfor...
liberals being intolerant...
The liberals I know are .
Intolerant to opposition of their opinions.
The thermostat was invented 125 years ago, but I have yet to work in an office with one that has anything but Africa and Sibera as settings.
hahah I remember last spring when you got your letter and you put it on fb...thirdtimesacharm if the pigs stay away.
So..according to Jesse Palmer we are already 01 before the season even starts...Humm
Jeff Stoutland replaces Randy Shannon for University of
push is a great book!
can we talk about how that looks nothing like what I was talking about.
okay.
Tanner you are evil!
Have you had Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice lately!!
Come to Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!!
Need to lose weight fast and keep it off?
www.lasvegashcg.com can help.
We offer free support and free shipping.
We're here for you!
Start rooting for Donna summers.
It's ur only hope cuz I hit people in the eye and make white sox trainers choke
are you going to get scared when andoctorid reaches version jammie dodger?
When the Tonight we are young song comes on and you start singing REALLY loud in the changing room of wet seal...
Water, check.
Super fat logistics binder, check.
Sunglasses, check.
Heading to Miami with for 's Summit!
Please help get to 10K because they're a great band made of up two awesome people 
Going to the mall I'n merida
Yeah, talking about !!!
No big deal.
thats right im watching atlas shrugged
:oD awesome choice
have fun!
RNGforever:
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
I bet it was the crappy buffet you ate.
Never eat from the school.
You better call, or I'll kill you.
I'm out the way
I deserve by Tank
kay was you that i met on the corner in greenwood?
lmao
JVG lost his shit at the flagrant 2 call.
lebrons head never got touched, he ran into chandlers back and whiplash flopped.
Hit some solid punts and kickoffs today!
M'fs Wanna Get Slapped Early In The A.M I See .
.
.
That's 10 this morning.
I've been reporting as they come in.
DCEW Happy Hour 69 PM TONIGHT at Lost Society See you there!
If you dont get lost, theres a chance you may never be found
gym  no, court  very.
626: what's tut favorite movie??:
sure was a tough way to end the year.
But I really like the way Hunter has instilled the 3 musketeers mentality.
Sign Hunter.
you are fantastic and lovely
your mom is shit
They're dyslexic grammar Nazis.
i can always count on and to retweet/favorite my innapropriate/weird tweets THANKSGURLSLOVEYOU
sounds right
oh don't forget Ron Hextall!
go ahead: make my daytrip
I hope the rain holds off for the parkwayclassic run this morning by
rough day.
havent been to a dance class in 2 months now.
and it's taking it's toll
You'll never teach again!
i will after work!
she's better than the girl of my doctorams she's real
Scott signs budget, no word on vetoes
gave that flea bag some medicine, dogs love flea medicine
People who say yolo every five seconds...
Please be quiet
Disaster averted at umd.
19 year old arrested for allegedly planning a shooting spree on campus.
reports live on News4 at 11
Agreed.
For the amount of money people pay for tuition, etc., schools should be falling all over themselves to assist.
Playing at B.L.U.E.S.
on Halstead tomorrow night with Pistol Pete and Geoffery Lowe.
Come on out!
Too much stress leaves little great memories, take a deep breathe not for me but for your doctorams!
Glee time!
Bee Gees style!
Only sad thing is that Robin Gibb is in a coma :
thx Susan!
Happy Derby to you!
Having one of those moments where I think I should of went into business or law or something safe sigh
I would like to take this moment to apologize for whatever crappy thing I've done today to deserve One Direction stuck in my head as karma.
i'm trying to find the perfect way to make an omelette without brown stuff.
HOLD THE PHONE!
August forgot to EAT?!?
RT : Forgot to eat lunch!
:
Why are all the pretty boys gay???
well aren't you sweet!
That's exactly why you're my favorite.
I need a rootbeer soda....
cold cold cold
Got me confused with someone else.
hahahaha nice : my dad was good coz I didn't went to school :D
Things are going great  extremely busy these days.
How are you doing?
wass your name
oh alright wyd later on today ?
AHH!!
That would make my summer!
iiinnnteresting Thanks for the note.
We'll sort that out.
your a butt happy now?
Needs work out partners this week..
Get on it
Started new job today  need to convince the blacklist folks that Twitter is not Facebook, but a tool that I actually use/need for work!!
Thx to all who came out to Chima last night!
Bringing on the HD season
Twins are bad, like Ralph Sampson I bad.
Glad I am a Brewer fan this year...but Twins are my AL squad.
Still can't get pass the fact it's not just me..can't never let that go!!
I doctorpped my lighter great 
Young niggas taking over.
Isn't happy to be back in her regular cubicle, where she gets to hear a colleague's simplistic, misguided political views.
now why would you say that
Vented...
Closure sorta taste like acid reflex...
But it's closure none the less.
How ever it went down...
At least he is happy.
Who do you think is going to win March Madness???
..hell yeah, but I'm not Stressin, hopefully it goes by quick
Our waitress, Shayla, is providing great service to us tonight twoforksup!
Lou Reed's Perfect Day plays as I walk on campus Florian Van Baelsmiling at everyone who passes me as I wait for 's announcement.
Watching twilight in Spanish it's hilarious
Hard to ride a bike with poor bike paths and lack there of Thank you Todd for supporting cyclist in SD!
KC Ya?
I think you still better do your lunges.
LOL
I wanna know you that way
Wakebake then ima take a lil walk to the market
classes are done, projects are not.
And then I handed my ticket to the gate agent to board  it wouldn't scan my ticket.
I'd been cancelled.
I almost started crying on the spot
Retrain Research Tip: A recent study indicates that those taking statins may open your arteries but deteriorate your muscles.
39;95 Palisade murder links lives of Robert Dewey, Douglas Thames
nah it was in honor of Bynum and Phil Jackson
thank you!
Whoa, you're in Nashville?
That explains why I didn't see you yesterday to say buh bye?
Andy's behind the bar tonight, slinging 5 Dark  Stormy's during Happy Hour.Come keep him company.
umm, your Thor hat?
Totally appropriate opera wear for Wagner.
Does anyone have a Machete I can borrow????
Urgent Matter that must be addoctorssed immediatly!!!
Sadly, I didn't either.
Massive migraine put me down!
RT : Bummed I couldn't make it!
fyi, she won the bet..
joins me now on FM 93.7/AM 1510 discussing former Rockies owner Jerry McMorris
you'll be fine be strong for your mccurdians like me.: praying for you with lots of love3
walks in..YA GUILTY!
lmfaoooo
what is bad about the game room?
I'm going there this weekend
follow back please
uh!
Today I will reply!
Sorry hw :
Whenever your on, I can't think of anything to tweet you..
it's the opposite when your not.
: x
The memphisairport once caught a falling elevator car, saving a lady and a baby.
It held it in place for 17 hours, setting the world record
Lake Geneva for doctornks and dinner!
With ben gordan, bull and bear!
At the bigten tourney IU within 1 point of Wisconsin !
Tip 3: Wealth  Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
S0 yesterday somebody said I looked like you what an honor that was.
Westbound back to the Chi..
Wind chimes are just decorative noise pollution.
Occasionally I'm struck with the realization of how amazing this community is.
I'm thankful that this sensation hasn't diminished
so tired  look like shit.
lovely
Hot jazz trio gig tonight w/  at Great Dane Brew Pub Downtown, Madison, WI.
101, gonna be swangin'!
Every time I see Tiger Woods struggle with age and injuryIN GOLFI get worried bout Peyton Manning's return from injury
chatting about sub prime loans moving from people of color neighborhoods and moved on to the white suburban areas deregulation
Not really feeling like myself today 
What's so cool about Tuesday and why is everyone talking about how phat it is?
thinks he's a made guy now!!
They are on pace to go 0162.
Looks like it might be another down year.
I got bubbles too!
: we can have a bubble party at practice!
Nice pic of DW :D They are a great inspiration for us coming from our hometown .
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
follow friday!!
do it.
just got 77 new songs on my pod.
A day without sunshine is like, night.
CK12 Foundation: Khosla support.
Mission to reduce textbook costs: flex books.
where the grass is green and the girls are pretty!
YES!
YES!
YES!
YES!
Jesus has returned.
Reported missing, Jesus Ruedas, 91, has been found by a concrete ditch, by pecan trees, in La Mesa, south of Las Cruces.
how was it
I like my little group of friends
Ya down ass bitch  lol
well, universal city.
But really close:
The fact that idgaf gives me a great advantage
It's NOT too late for the 8,000 tax credit for first time buyers!!
Call Me at 7195993888
You're welcome!
RT : Thanks for the shout out.
Good to connect and glad you liked the article.
Keep in touch :
Number 1 step to IT accessibility: recruit executive sponsor.
We should be considering legislation that helps American people, not legislation that fulfills an ideological agenda.
Rep.
Slaughter, DNY
seeing all the couples in school makes me sick.
i wish i had something like that.
well, it's not coming from Romania anymore.
More shipments from China...
Furthur played my brother esau tonight!
Do it again Friday!
I'm still in traffic
Love your rap.
Why wasn't it in the music video.
Develop a pilot project for centrally allocating 2million in additional title I funds to up to 20 high poverty schools
OKC  Heat in the finals.
Retweet if you agree.
2 bags of clothes to donate so far ...
feeling good.
Just wish I could find motivation to pack when it's earlier than 10PM.
does it matter how he got there and why or what he is doing about it now?
You are probably correct, however.
my fairy godmother wings....OMG...you are doctornk!
Tracked bass in under an hour today.
Hella yeah.
Back from a European adventure...reality sets in.
tig ol' bitties  the name Robin has me picturing Ms.
Quivers on the cover now.
I don't have to photoshop that, do I ?
nope because I'm cool like that
im in school right now  i got on here JUST to tweet you!
lol can i get a follow back?
;D
Lmao what i do?
RT : Okay ...
DoubleTechnical.
You're OUTTA HERE sir!
went from 6 to noon as soon as I woke up to a back run from
I like it.
Sounds formal, yet exotic...almost unpredictable, but promises adventure.
we are currently uploading our first student video.
Directed by Lee Rosch it examines the Eagle Rock Farmers Market.
now the doctorft is officially over for me
aren't you going with Kaylynn?
Thanks for all the great '80s/'90s memories...Exclamation!
perfume, YM Magazine, Micromachines commercials...stay tuned!
Thanks for listing me!
holy shit i just realized sounded like a groupie.
Damit Im so sorry!
I didnt mean to come off like that
Margaritas taste like sunshine.
There needs to be an internet shorthand for 'made me giggle', not just LOL.
So: MMG, David.
xo
Got your number!
Will call you.
Lunch Friday is open if you want?
why biology  history tests gotta be so close together??
ugghhh...happens every, single, time.
smh
Canada39;s St.
John Ambulance Chooses HP to Revive Ailing Storage Network
Overheard: If I catch one of you kids chewing on your pencil...
LOL...
good point!
Tune in to the homie tues he's going to start the Fire!!
lol RT : When pt 2 doctorpping???
'Never take a good person for granted.
There's always a person around to appreciate what you didnt.'  Kevin Green
And we never even know we have the key.
yeah, late night coding usually ends poorly.
man, you gals are really taking an interest in my future wife.
This pleases me.
you're my favorite!!
MT : Happy Friday!
Latest on the jobs numbers with Mark Zandi from Also on the show
passed in the interest of saving time.
Forgot I bought veggies I never got to cook.
So...
Haha I'll play with ya!
:D
yes see i like that....
unfortunately i think this milwaukee rail car is just downtown thing!
The vacation count: Time elapsed without Internet: 46 hours.
Live iguanas, 2.
Dead iguanas, 1.
is Lorel Johnson playing for Downey?
It has been an epic battle of me versus wordpress this week.
In the end I will win!
Hate RT Looks like somebody's twitter got hacked.
ask one simple question and you going to say IDFK mean
Sipping gin with the boys for a good cause!
OK so I'm guessing the Celtics are the ONLY hope I have to beat the Heat?
Even that's a slim hope, at best.
only to buy them online.
Other than that it's all first come first serve :/
okay, where is the link?
would love to see these art examples!
Reducing the size of some digital images backed up to the server long ago.
Sometimes, you don't need an image to be one million pixels.
Well it was a good day until this shit happend..
I went to OSU, under no conditions can I ever root for UO
stupidest fucking show ever....
I knew it!
Ha!
Global warming, yeah right.
No such thing.
It's only going to be 60 degrees in Chicago in January.
Climate change?
No way.
waving back My 8 yrold daughter would LOVE 1/those, but mum's a tiny bit squeamish.
Kitten soon, though.
;
Today, December 19  5 PM PST  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Betty Jo Tucker  Film Critic  latalkradio.com  Channel One
I do have a Poetry Novel out The Book of Poems of That Traveler out right now.
It's on Xlibris.com Amazon.com Borders.com BN.com
I love how my test averages are 88 and my homework average is 50 :O
Flowers last longer than a hard cock.
Happy Mother's Day to all the fantastic moms out there!
Sun, music and doctornks
Okay.
How is Justin and Selena being together or not change your life or who you are as a person?
EXACTLY.
SO STFU.
Baylor doesn't stand a chance.
I saw a commercial today.
It was for a website called Cougarlife.com.
I almost pissed my pants when I saw this!
LOL...
Really?
Really?
Good work.
Let's grab beers soon in the hood.
Congratulations to for the launch,and to all those who are now a part of this great tech center
I need a kite.
pretty excited to run errands in my aerial clothes.

Wanda, you rocked last night at the Kessler!!
Thanx so much 4 greeting the fans afterwards  wonderful 2 C U N concert!!
yes, you really do!
Remember what I told you about him on Skype that one night?
God obviously wanted you to have better!
what up
Jodie Foster's voice/accent in Silence of the Lambs is on my top 10 most annoying things ever.
Your mother.
Who's there?
Titanic.
in 3D.
Nah, I mean minorities actually use seasoning their not much fans of spicy foods.
So, salt is a milder substitute.
Can't wait for my son to come back home to
lmaooo tbh I don't even have a clue if am doing this rite!
Had twitter nearly a year n all iv done is stork celebs :
Just met and gave her information on Carolinas Space Museum.
She's all for it!
I just put in some work at that track meet
Bucket List Item: doctorving with seventy Solstices and Skies on the Daytona International Speedway, top down, in a torrential downpour: Check!
I dont need a Team, Imma one man band...
Jet Skiing 
What were your thoughts on the Badger D last night?
I think bend but don't break against UNLV  shattered against the B1G.
You guys are the best!
3
I miss talking to you guys :
: Music options tonight.....Coldplay, Van Halen and Going to  tough but good choice!
Thanks for the Tweets/Retweets!
sad to hear that.
I'll see if we have that information for the news.
Thanks.
Defeat is not the worst of failures.
Not to have tried is the true failure.
George Edward Woodberry
Great turnout last night.
Over 40 people filled the back room!
We will be at BWW Powell on Friday and Hilliard on Saturday!
Beef: Feel something again.
uh nope.
Them days is over.
oh and btw did you get my character for me3
Happy Tuesday!!
Wait...who am I kidding?
Tuesday is such a lame day of the week....
remember the one nigga escape from jail, everybody thought he was long gone...3weeks later they caught him in the basement
its okay , I taught you something
Just found another white hair!!
Either I'm turning blonde or I am really just getting old...
next time try the fucking hostile focaccia.
I think may have coined that one.
man, I feel like a fat ass for eating mcdonalds lol
awe man we gotta do sushi if you come visit
One man's folly is another man's wife.
Post a photo of how you're participating in America Recycles Day and we'll send you a reusable water bottle!
www.facebook.com/wvamwater
mister Food: Amish Bakery Custard Pie
rajeevkgb129 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Classic Pearl Jam, or contemporary?
Or somewhere in between?
a cruise again?!?!
i am SO jealous
I want to start a vinyl collection.
will check it out.
Thanks!
uh you should have been with me at dbs Thursday night...lol
Happy hump day.
I could not love thee, Dear, so much, Loved I not Honorariums more.
What is that even?
Eww.
: Seems like everyone thinks Belmont will dump G'town.
I don't.
What about Iona over Marquette?
yes.
Then Murray over Iona
is it bad to hope the Nuggs don't get too big of a lead too early?
Can't ever relax against Nash
Join talkcounts 10:am Saturday morning to explore pink and redflags in teen relationships.
DO WORK
what a beautiful day here at Los angeles.......
Special day today happy Easter to those celebrating
ufff damn now I really want to meet her 
Heard there's a tornado warning tonight in south FL :/
Anytime!
: Let me know if you ever want to take a look at packages, etc
Messin' with new Bass frequencies and filters.
Audio Geekin' out!
Ah, memory lane!
our world has much bigger problems the Whittney Huston.
She did this to herself and you the media are praising her.
doctorgs kill
Havin' a lot of fun with my mom today!
She's so cool and stuff!
Haha : 
Boo!
Eric melted my face off in KC.
hilarious  RT : I only hope to see DJs who use the term going in!
all go into the same place together......
a fucking bear trap
RT : 'Fix  The Ministry Movie' And Tunecore Team Up To Promote Artists  Top40Charts.com  Songs from 49 Top 20
skating as in skateboard?
gettin ready to start my training next week.
U wanna join?
You tweeted first.
so glad to see you rejoin the twitter sphere
student talking to lib assistant behind me has most adorable southern belle accent.
Feel homesick now.
Throw in the legalization of marijuana and you've got a deal.
Headed to bed!
Gotta be up at 6:30!
killmenow Ima be layin on the beach soon enough
An estimated 50 million Americans are uninsured and another 25 million are underinsured
New follower.
: lol its okay.
took me awhile to realize it too
After a 3 month search i finally found a new apt.
Hope everyone likes trivia nights at the elbow room bc they are my new neighbors
Join us for the next ICTC information session Wed.
12/7 at 6:00 pm!
Email to register!
Thank you, right back at ya!
RT : you know what I love?
You guys.
::high five::
It Feels Like A Summer Weekend..
:
Sweet!
Can't wait to hear more about your project and read your write up of me :
I can lose weight.
I can doctorss better.
You will always be an insensitive, materialistic asshole.
Time for the dvr'd version of
Eyes burn like cigarettes.
You go Girl.
RT : Got a vote for this morning
hope everyone had a good day...
wow seriously i'd be scared too r they really close to ur house
....in that situation.
my father is a butthole and didn't let me go .
Vocalist extraordinare?
Perhaps, you can sing a commerical for us?
lol.
Im missing GoodMorning texts
What is this feeling, never missed someone like this before
Dazed  confused  best movie ever
Nope.
I'm afraid not, but I will only be a HeyTell away.
i swear...
we sign up for the blue skies but they left the thunderstorms out of the contract
so glad you saw the magazine!
do you like it?
:
Our new radio spot is gonna scare the hit out of the Bieber kids
I agree with , you should definitely come to USCJ462!
The Lord said, 'If u had faith like a grain of mustard seed u could say to this tree B uprooted planted n the sea it would obey Luke17:6
Was at the Cincinnati Zoo yesterday  noticed that the little penguins make a distinctive merp sound.
Thought about you.
good meeting you at seasonsbeatings man.
Top secret.
That or I'd have to confiscate your twitter page...
and failed 
Coffee is magical sometimes
I read your interview with TRT.
I was so excited to find a fellow fan of The Phantom Tollboth!
That book is why I write.
Beyond annoyed with today
no wonder you were so good at bball..those fingers are crazy long ;
Thanks for the follow!
Do you love HORROR actresses too?
Wink, wink.
Home in bed with a bad cold.
SUCKS.
I feel ya, n yea I preach dat shit.
you probably used it.
im going to tweet some things and you have to complete the blanks.
okay?
:P
check out my music /lildynamo
I thought you meant to say you really despise me lol
What to wear?
Hmm I wanna see u again
wanting your own way, wanting everything for yourself, wanting to appear importanthas nothing to do with God.
It just isolates you from him
The more you use something the the more professorcient you become at it take time out to think!!!!
lol jokes and jokes and jokes
Had a great meeting with Wayne County Democrats in Richmond last night...
looking good for their municipal elections
Loved the Bollywood number on  so fun.
That was the dessert of this day.
Thanks for joining us last night!
oh wow.
From the looks of my timeline...It seems as if the BET Awards was a hot mess!
lol
RT: : RTRTRT : I wanna forget the junior high already.
Use the experiences but forget it.
Northeastern University Apartment Listings Have Arrived FINALLY.
Quite expensive this year.
Boston University Apartments any day now!
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
Oscar Wilde
We have a paper due today, ladies!!
Finally getting to see Soul Surfer :
Dear DC Giant and Safeway stores: I'm tired of you having no selection and being constantly out of whatever limited choice there is.
thanks for the follow!
I've been meaning to swing by and buy some key caps.
:
NO Ipods Allowed AT School.....
, Yeah like Eminem is gonna rap me the answers.
Oh never mind I remember why they call her that its because one a butter eating contest and Paula Deen camp!!
We're currently recruiting channel partners  thought you may be interested?
you throw a heck of a party.
: I had a great time, and I can't wait to visit again.
WTH 2pac live on stage with at
perfect because I only run in leotards, legwarmers, and a sweatband a la Olivia Newton John.
Lets get physical!
ballmer says cloud computing is official according to business week
Always do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Mark Twain
Send me a DM with your addy so I can mail your kit!
Money is the root of all evil, people are the reason it is evil, because they think about the evil things that want to use it for.
Succumbing to this Fifty Shades of Grey nonsense, but only because I'm sick.
Seriously, I feel embarrassed to be reading it.
Made 3 of my titles are now free with Amazon Prime membership.
Back from an awesome vacation in California with the Malingins  Pham now back to reality and getting ready for finals in a week
Thanks for being great to the fans at Axxess.
I'm planning a hike in the grandcanyon in May and I need advice on where/how to camp for one night.
Suggestions?
What a tool.
RT : The spurs are kinda boring to watch.
They need armbands and tattoos an shit
Lol I can't yet.
Believe me I want to.
I'm writing a paper :
Amy Knapp doctorws a basesloaded walk to tie game at 44 in Michigan fourth inning.
Pitching change for the Badgers.
thanks for the love I can't believe how fast you posted about
There are as many chickens on Earth as humans...wait aren't they the same thing
as a matter of policy, I am boycotting any company who spams my twitter feed.
C ya.
AskGreyson, , would you like to tour in Europe ?
Which orchestra are you playing in?
MJ did not need other mega stars , and he did not fall apart in the playoffs either
its weird how my new lil man looks like just like me
I just got Galaxy S on Tmobile so far so good!
I hope this phone brings me long lasting productivity for the years to come!
The Age of Limitless Competition: for most of us, it ends up with nothing.
you make our makeup look good!
prepared surface for 9 new paintings.
Anyone wanna hang out?:
maybe even a few years earlier...
Damn I'm soaked
lol I wanna visit u
The only good thing about being up this early is knowing I won't sleep through weight training...
true true
Don't forget to Follow she is the best!!!
follow xo
he has the same arm motion as troy aikman

that we can't promise, i'm sorry.
but he's out there somewhere.
BBIIGG money Frat!!
Me  Jerry Jones Bout To Clip Up And doctorve By Tony Homo's Crib.....
I sing love songs out of key for u
What kind of dirty hippie college did you go to to cause such trauma?
If I say leave me alone, actually I need you more than at any time.
What a stop and go, frustrating day.
Time to go relax on Lake Union!
News of Which Will Delight a Few and Frustrate Many.
Well, just call me the 1.
listening to Frank Sinatra to get ready for digitalratpack Las Vegas Monday will be there...
I'll be schmoozing  A Vintage Affair Tonight  The Factory in beautiful downtown Franklin TN.

Those Viva guys are the future..
Just like floating stuff
IM GOING!!
AH
I can't complain: I come out looking pretty good in the leaked diplomatic cables.
Help us spread the word about our cause by joining our project on crowdoctorse  following us on facebook!
Everybody Deserves Music!
oh durrrr im really sorry you cant go:
lol just he got gang banged in mid air trying to lay it in on a fast break
RT : A total of 29,761 hot dogs were consumed tonight at 50Cent Hot Dog Night.
why do these random ass numbers keep calling me
SO RANDOM!
Tonight's episode was one of the best!
Because was on it!

are you performing here?
1859  It was the Best of Times, It was the Worst of Times Charles Dickens's novel A Tale of Two Cities published in magazine form.
each time I update mine, I save the old one with the date and old and the new one with just updated.
always looks fresh.
Bhang Ice supports the fight against Cancer; Bhang Fire supports the fight against HIV/AIDS.
Use Bhang tohelp yourself and others.
Party hard, make mistakes, laugh endlessly.
Do things you're afraid to do.
After all, you're only young once
Wow!
Gotta say this has been the best week.
Kinda nerveous today.
talentshowtonight.
Earliee dismissal!
:D
hi shows i care.
n it goes both ways
QOTD: Google is giving me headache via
kudos for effort lol
got some beats 4 u homie
So I asked the tech to reimage the lab computers, so he decide that meant to remove all the software from them.
Thanks, Jake!
Right back at ya!
Canada bound with abbey looking for crystal cottages 
should I cry for you?
lol i hope them two boys Run your ass in the ground and cook ya dog
Tickets still available for this evening!
Get 'em while they're hot.
Oh wait.
They do talk.
But didn't they change the rules???!!!!
Also what about the poison alien gas!!!!!
Season 8 is bullshit.
I could go for some eggs  bacon right now.
Okay.....maybe just bacon.
The Persian restaurant my dad just took me to had belly dancers.
Cause no dinner with dad would be complete without hip gyrations.
When a man's wife learns to understand him, she usually stops listening to him, and vice versa...
The Fire Tapes are in the teej studio right now and they are KILLIN IT.
Tune in at 91.1FM!!!
Donate!
his knees are so weird 
im offiically scared of mirrors
without listening you you will be History because you only have half the conversation Yourstory
that kid has got to be so scary to live with!
aw yeeaahh.
I look forward to it :D
super fast follow back tonight.
Thx
oh god ya ..
just didn't see that interview
you got a release date for the album yet?
pumped to hear it brother!
She likes it rough and that's rugby Bahahahahaha that line made my day mac.
Thanks!!
You're one of our faves too!
:
stop playing!!
where about?
Well, I didn't have any books handy, and I just met the guy.
Would been awkward.
BTW, got your email yesterday.
damn my TL keep getting new tweets back to back smh
I have a HalloweenResolution.
To make it to 1,000 tweets by
Running Quote RT Loving my return to the running world.
Never mind that some walkers have a faster pace than I right now!
:
thanks for putting another book on my list!
my dad used to say what goes around comes around!
mittromney turned his back on us in 08 n wil get bit on the ass in the Michigan primary!
Never make the same mistake twice, There are so many new ones, Try a different one each day.
heard via you are pursuing a downtown dog park?
i am very interested in this prospect!
In Finland, teachers are not delivers of curriculum but developers.
Ugh, need to get out of the house.
I'll probably end up just going for a quick bike ride
Oh do piss off.
WordPress is an viable an option as Expression Engine.
They both do exactly the same thing.
we can hang out and you can come to my games!
Shares your location to your friends when you're out of ammo.

DirectionersAreDisrespectful  I'm not a directioner but you shouldn't judge the whole fan base just because of 23 irrelevant asses.
Wow.
That may have been the scariest airplane landing I've ever experienced.
airtran Boston crosswinds  fb
In other news, Romney takes scissors to an Irish setter and straps an effeminate young man to the roof of his station wagon.
News at 11.
Join us 2nite 4 Winter Gala!
5 open bar, happy hour all night long.
Post GC, come dance salsa at Habana Village!
So what about music apps on your phone?
Do you have one that you just couldn't live without?
Ugh , I don't want to go to school and play for the veterans assembly :/!
how true that is.
Fire station is right down the street from me too.
We have a great variety of hot soups today Try the 1/2 sandwich or wrap with a small soup for 6.50!
TEDMED asking the Big Health Questions that us mere mortals ask.
ICantStandPeople that follow other people
is wishing everyone a great sunday full of laughter and family.
gay lmao I kid I kid
Pool side.
Gotta love the lazy river!
Extra doctorma at Dodger Stadium.
Ethier tossed for arguing balls,strikes.
Mattingly gets thumb, too.
Mom might not approve of language.
Hurricane Irene is gone and Solo is back to our normal schedule.
Call 2124207656 or order online for extra savings.
www.solopizzanyc.com
Time to move on.
A freezing office demands resourcefulness.
Wear a coat indoors, hold warm printer paper, scald your hands w/hot water in the bathroom, etc.
RT : RU going to enjoy Tequila on Cinco de Mayo?
What is your favorite sipping tequila?
Please share  follow 2 ...
Nice hearing Kyle Kover on just now!
GIMME THE HOT SAUCE!
Good morning!
Fundamentals, first.
Period!
awesome!
have fun there!
SO your fiancee tore up my wedding invitation...
I guess that's fair.
All I could do is laugh.
captainvating speech by president Lets see if it is more than words by the end of the year...
You're gone, but not forever.
thanks you too!!:
WAR DANCE
Time to brush up on Windows Paint.
The mind has exactly the same power as the hands; not merely to grasp the world, but to change it.
Colin Wilson
: we're like fam!
Laura like me and you!:D Lmfao this is awkzzz
RT : Idolatry is seeking security and meaning in someone or something other than God.GOOD MORNING
Waiting to go see Fast 5 and playing around on my shiny new iPad2!!
Thanks babe for the awesome gift!!
No worries, m'dear.
You're on my unconditional love list.
not much!
how about yourself?
agreed.
Keep tebow, let him sit a few years and learn from an all time great.
tweeting and doctorving are how car accidents happen
Flickr too, actually...
A free spin is like taking a woman to the mall  giving her a credit card, she'll be back when she is ready.
Carter Butler, ATL
I was so doctornk I threw up bile at least five times, if that doesn't make me miscarriage I don't know what will, eat it personhood bill
I can vouch for this!
Awesome!
: Will tailor Pressure Pack Line Defense Clinics 2 fit ur needsa great time  informative!
ATTN: It looks like the wine tasting on the 18th is going to be on the 15th.
I'll keep you posted.
Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes
I totally agree!
girl my husband bout to be goin out of town for work lol long as my dad will keep the kids ima def be out n about!!
Always good times hanging out with !
Can't wait to hang out tomorrow.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Back in my day, a beef and cheese burrito with flamin' hot Fritos was a sex move.
What are they teaching kids these days?!
Hahah sorry!!
I don't listen to country singers whose last name is a synonym of money That just means they're gay.
Whatever happens you will always be with me in my heart
Keep your smile white by visiting us at Studio B Smiles!
FOLLOW ME!
Bro my teacher just told me that when she sees freshmen in the hall she just wants to punch them.
lmao.
Have you checked out Join.me?
definitely not looking like Camilla there.
i guess thats it!!
thanks for sending me the pictures!!
gonna upload it now cuz it will be too late if i upload it after school: Kristel
Memo to Alec Baldwin...crazy is as crazy does..
i think you'll enjoy it : me and johnathan are also releasing an ep for a totally new project!
should be out by fall :
5 more days before I get my P90X!!!
State Patrol doctor program sparks state probe after OccupyMN complaints
Awesome!
Full bars on my Att cell.
Of course I'm stranding under the tower touching the cell pole....
LeaveItToNiecy funniest show ever:
A quick PS for my other chums who may not know Smashers are Smashwords eBook authors!
Let's go Milwaukee Brewers!
We want a sweep!
Fear the Beer!!!
sure why not..
Follow!
Also coming: OGI conference TweetBook  great group of individuals sorting out tweets during keynotes and sessions.
Worlds Beauty from The Most Unusual Angle!
Italian photography thatll change your perception!
Our website will be available soon.
Minor difficulties have occured
i would love a follow back ; I've been here since your audition 3
If you're around Santa Fe tomorrow afternoon, we'll be at Evangelo's on San Francisco St.
near the plaza making music from 36pm.
Learning about how rhode island is moving forward with essential health benefits at a briefing
The raven was a mix of Sherlock Holmes and the phantom of the opera.
It was defs interesting
I really did spit in your burger
Do not operate heavy machinery.
NY just got a !
Dear , please come to Chicago, perhaps take the empty Pipers Alley cinema next to ?
thank you!
i hope i do.
when things go wrong i cant bear to cry;my friends should do something not just ask is everythin ok
Everyone NEEDS to follow He's absolutely killing these super bowl tweets.
This chick cocky af.
you were a great addition to our staff!
Your energy  enthusiasm will be missed.
:
Walter Isaacson plans to be at the CityLit Festival on April 14th.
Do you?
Listening to Uecker calling Morgan's game winning hit gives me goosebumps.
Go Crew!
Sunday Funday  Baby Maker Style??
Okay just gonna download one more song then off to bed.
My body is gonna hate me tomorrow.
Agreed, I'm glad he made it.
Young Homie deserves the recognition.
yooo we need to pay or there ain't going to be no tournament
DAY SMOKEY EYE LOOK Wear brown instead of black: Charcoal  black eye shadows, when applied heavily, ar more doctormatic than taupe  chocolate
well, let's hope I only have one weekend of it
yup.
Everyone's got a persona to keep up on here haha..
Rizzo is mad defending his guy and schilling is trying to stay relevant
Livingston Taylor will be performing at the Henegar Center for The Arts on April 19th in Satellite Beach, Florida.
Showtime is at 8:00pm.
hm...
gonna have to check and see how long it will take to get there and if Im breaking any laws!
lol
YOLO?
Excuse me, I have a few zombie friends that would beg to differ.
They're coins to be made  bills to be paid.
99.7 The Blitz will be airing one of our songs tonight at 10pm in anticipation for our show on July 23rd with Twenty One Pilots!
FYI FCPX rolling shutter filter doesn't do anything for camera flashes.
yes!
annoying P.S.
Happy, belated, Birthday!
Everyone be sure to wish our guitarist Danny a happy birthday tomorrow!
Orange essential oil lifts the spirit while providing a calming influence on the body; it brings peace/happiness to the mind....
I  startups, too!
Have known many successful college entrepreneurs !
at the very least can we agree lebron didn't take the easy way out by going to miami?
I think the default Portland weather forecast is rain unless they look outside and see something else.
Even then change is optional.
i am in charge of all national talent, who and what goes on our station.
at the first and largest internet radio station
yeeah.
Lil turned off.
RT : Thrillist delivers what guys want, discounts on strippers BigOmaha wish ya used a different slide bro
, not fancy, casual  biz casual, like all cuisines but italian the most.
thx!!
fighting a damn Cold...No fun
Cat almost ate my gdc schedule, stopped him just in time
If it weren't for internet friends, explaining my life between 19921999 would be very, very difficult.
only pussies run away like you
Almost finished with a client after this its time for the
t'will miss you :
Tomorrow's the big day.
Cape Town, South Africa!
be ready for any/all intel based programs to no longer run.
but it is a cool OS!
5 Google Search Stats Every Marketer Should See
we could go together in a year when I get my doctorvers liscence....
its a date: ?
I had no idea that EbenOnEllen trended world wide, Haha, I'm a trend setter, literally!
Thanks for your wonderful FF!
All that glovetotheground training really backfires when you're carrying urine samples.
Finally home from school.
.
My aunt used to do that legitimately.
She'd get contracted by places like the mall, and Fourth of July Festivals.
Must not eat a Cinnabon at the airport...
Posted in our new office, Schlitz Park, at my temporary cubical until our part is done in 2 weeks.
I don't really care about what's going on with Jon and Kate can we please move on?!?!!?
Is it pathetic that I am totally psyched because I found a really cool screen saver for my Mac?
I'm such a dork.
hm i just remeberd lmfao.
But still so he can tweet youu
Don't judge a person, judge their behavior.
Beautiful, toughtful, inspirational words from Laura Diaz.
no when prod gf dad came n ask where she was and rayray was tryna answer him it was funny
Just met my butler for the day.
Yes.
Apparently I have a butler.
Shoulda figured this out sooner.
Who wants to do the dishes for me?
Anyone?
RT : thanks for the follow!
I enjoyed your interview on filmspotting ...
very cool to have someone so...
As an undergrad I went to Lehigh...
parties and the library, so I have an affinity for the Engineers.
sounds great Let us know if you have questions, would be more than happy to have someone from our team email you!
Now that you mention it, I like that idea much better.
The international debate is heating up People all over are talking about the warondoctorgs and you havnt posted in days lets step it up
socialismineightwords the best people can find happiness in misery.
Agreed, I don't respond 99 of the time, and never click on any link included in the DM...great new avatar btw!
Watching Dancing With the Stars with Viggle Mon  6PM  ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Today's the day!
BlackRadio is out!
2nd show added on Wednesday...
Congrats to !
If potus supports amendment to take money out of politics he could get things done.
NOW IS THE TIME.
think of the possiblities
I work next door to Boudoir Divas
ahorita van a pasar el comercial d hunger games, Avengers, y otros en el super bowl.
Safety Alert!
There is a hidden fire hazard in almost every home...and it is in the doctorer!
Call Ortega's Appliance Service Today..
gotta love it when people ask for your major cross streets WHERE YOU LIVE and say, 'those streets don't cross' I'm standing right here fool!
I Hate When People Continuously Text You Over And Over Even Though You Havent Replied Yet 
Jack White's new solo cd is awesome.
Very White Stipeish....can wait to see him in less then 2 weeks...woo hoo
I speak the truth!
i miss you
Enable patrons to do so?
MT Write something every day about an object in the collection.
How do we find the time?
Photos of most of the 70 participants of the Expert and Graduate camps, coming from around the world:
Last chorus concert ever
What happened to a man having a key to open a woman's heart?
Need Management for Latin Artist.
You're not convinced that it's GOOD?
Or that the only HS theater that counts are ragtag cobbledtogether plays?
Oral picture is a really awful turn of phrase that I never need to hear again.
Please pass the bar of soap and giant qtips.
good luck!
RT : Thank u!
Heading to my last for 2 weeks.
Relieved surgery almost here!
I hear ya..
its like that some that shit ridiculous..Life can be sometimes ridiculous.
swizzbeats lol where u been??
: GL tomorrow sir!
Lost the maximum many times the last hr.
Thank you buddy
Come celebrate this beautiful warm Cinco de Mayo with an ice cold sangria!
Only 5 from 57pm along with 20 carafes  20 selected bottles!
Solitude is the single most healing thin there is.
Linda Poole
I grind so fuckin hard!!!!
And you can't fight the tears that ain't comin.
RT : QOTD I've learned it's what you do with your miles, rather than how many you've run.
Rod DeHaven, Olympic marathoner
Participating in an allday healthcare law compliance and FDA regulation training.
Should be riveting!
...
and I'd really like to get my magazine.
Tuesday morning lovefest.
RT : You know who else is here ??
and many more!!
Come thru!
good ones.
Thanks!
How are you honey?
had dinner last night w/ a great crew that included the owner of ShareASale.
Felt he could provide you some insight.
Good man.
I'm in the midst of recording my album and a mixtape that'll be out before the album.
I've got some bangers
If decker has a serious knee injury he can thank
Watching Rudolph  my mom actually thought Santa sang I'm the king of dingaling instead of jingleing she so silly lmao
Come on ATL blow these mummies away.
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
smh I'm bout to go steal it and pose for da camera lol
you're so amazing:
Happy New Year!
It's official.
24 hours left living in Indiana
5 Grammy nominations for tonight.
exciting indeed.
dude.
AERIAL LOOKALIKE.
only blonde Kelsey xoxo
I miss my fam wish he would come kicks it like karate in the Chi with me...
Just In!
Caesars Palace Las Vegas Tonight?
Call 877 551 6633 to book for only 129 plus tax.
damn good one sir
I need to get me a tempur pedic
liked Clive S.
Johnson's blog post: Eureka
ItsAmazingHow ive gone a week without my phone and probably have another one coming 
Exam one done.
3 questions  18 single spaced pages or 8500 words on what I know about Planning.
Written in about 15 hours.
Shannon and I are going HAM next weekend.
: if we enter and then get a better hair day can we send again??
LOL jk haha love it!
there was only old people there today haha
Happy weekend to you!
It's always bad news to hear a designer quit on a big project the year before.
I will say that Men in Chicago are so much different  the marriage rate they is 33 better than all cites!
I'm not tryin to get married
Google seeks to eject authors guild from NY case over fate of world's largest ...
Washington Post
Coming to the show tonight?
Either get tickets now or show up early.
Not sure how long they are going to last.
All you guys out there who have Girlfriends and it's raining you better be with her cuddling and keeping her safe!
Wait what happened?
I'm so out of the loop
But she doesn't tweet!
man their fanchat is insane!
Both of those things would be awesome!
But I can't guarantee either, sadly.
RT : One of my favorite things  onenote: I come up with all sorts of ideas here at the gym; onenote mobile on my phone syncs w desktop
Ha!
RT : Word 2 wise: dont jump in an alleyway.
She may wield a blade on u the same way shes carving ice...
The sound of rain on the window is the soundtrack to a perfect Sunday evening.
I hope u r having fun!!!!!
Kids Easter outfits  check.
I'm ready in Virginia!!
RT : Morning NYC!
Who's ready for Survivor Finale  Reunion tonight w/ ?
just out of curiosity how many runins/arguments have you had with WBC?
Getting ready for our trip to Nashville.
We play at the Hard Rock Cafe on Wednesday!
also, do u have tix to the show?
we have them for 15.
it'd be awesome if u could buy them here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Google: How to Find Other Sites Linked to Yours?
on and off insomniac...
working on a lil project
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Twitter Moms!!!
ENJOY!
Thanks for the link!
I learned bitches aren't shit, just ho's and tricks
Maybe I'll save a couple bucks and buy Trader Joe's coffee  Me, being an idiot.
Did anyone lose an ATT LG smartphone last night at the Brew Haus?
is wishing one of the most clever girls I know a happy birthday.
Alisa, I love you So Very Much.
get ur broom ready
I cannot say what the stock price will do exactly because of the manipulation but we will have a monster 10K.
GLTY bro.
Mike s Early View of the News April 26, 2012 Google opens foray into cloud with doctorve Google stepped up competition with Apple and
great post about brands and logos
Using GOP debate for class today to spur discussion about presidential war rhetoric and campaigns.
Thanks
Dang ma legs feel super smooth today!
First 2 goals of my FIFA12 were scored by and !!
maybe next year...
don't think i'm gonna make it this time :
thanks!
will check on that.
hm.
Voter turnout was shockingly low  my precinct.
I was  76 and the pools had been opened for 2 hours.
No people in line under 40.
To anyone who ever told you that you're no good, They're No Better.
Yes.
PC gamers console themselves with lots and lots of smugness
sorry to hear you had a tough day : Pancakes ought to do it though!
Anyone I know at the Giants ticker tape parade?
Theater stuff this morning, but my heart is on the Canyon of Heroes.
Watching any of the jackass movies always gives me a good laugh and puts a smile on my face
u are forgetting Booberry!!
That's better than Frankenberry and Count Chocula!!
Lindsey Lohann is just creating a buzz about herself  all media bit the buzz.
Now she's back in the newsher goal!
i lovee twitter :
I got a safety dance extended 12 mix dying to be heard
Robert Andino!
Three run jack!
Come back to virginia?: 3
she brought it any ways!!!!
Told my friends abt it.
They made fun of it until they saw she slipped it in!
Such enlightenments are so wastefully human.
Now I won't give them a dime.
sweet : have fun!
Spend money on branding!
Joe Englert
Nesrien: if you email me your zip file in the next hour I'll host it for you on my site and send you both the URL
Under COasset students paying standardoctorte tuition will be doing so on their own  w/ no state  supporting those tuition costs
swseaedu Death Math looks addicting!
No fiercer than 's.
John is dead, but His word lives on Mary Magdelene .
Same with the Lord Jesus Christ!
ForeverTheKingLives !
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can  there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
You are oh, so very right.
You might as well flip a coin.
: Just wanna be in my own bedyes!
Yup!!
Everyone is good just about to leave ....
Miss you.
WTF.
RT His season likely over, Mariano Rivera unsure if he will pitch again
: Oh yea I'm flame at datjust go one step further, she will love it!
My man said he didn't....
Well he is boss now
According to Arne Duncan some community colleges serve students 24 hours a day!
it's like a 711 for education!
Song of the night: Heartbeats, either by The Knives or Jose Gonzalez.
Both awesome.
Repp So Follow Me ASAP
Damn that Wizards of Waverly Place and its supernatural powers that make me stare blankly at the screen whenever it airs.
Substance  style seems to be the trend we've noticed so far 2k12.
Excited to see some of the great art that pops up this year
I wish Up With Chris Hayes and Melissa Harris Perry were on later.
Also, I'm sick of Alex Witt.
the world is your oyster, it is yours for the taking!
Wonder seafood dim sum , whole fish, Chinese broccoli woodbridge nj
BetterWithNYC The city is where I roll and getting tickets for the Better W/ U Tour would be the greatest thing on earth
Thanks!
So far so good, looks like all on time and to Providence by noon.
So proud of our Mustangs...we got us another road win!
I appreciate the times when I'm in the house by myself
The people on Hoarders make me emotional, especially if they have kids.
Why would you make your kids live like that?!
sounds like a plan Stan
Why can't I have normal friends.
hey former student of ur yoga class!
Got me?
oh I'm sorry, I didn't catch what your number was.
mind giving it to me again?
: xx
From work to parent teacher conference to rehearsal....
Critically compassionate curriculum.
Love the concept.
Too bad AZ govt fought it and the curriculum does not exist anymore.
what does that suppose to mean lol
: I hate that feeling of saying goodbye to someone you just wanna spend every minute with.
I like elder scrolls oblivion.
Why is the new iPad edition of a 480MB download?
That's more than 4 times last week's issue.
Caught the last quartr of American Idol with my family.
How about a Baltimore native closing down the Pittsburgh auditions!?
congrats jh, one day hope to work with you, I admire your talent
Yes, it was, so sorry!
Fired up for the doctorft tonight!
What would like to know more about real estate investing?
Good morning, tweeps!
How are you on this fine Saturday?
Going to bed watching Bucks vs.
Hawks Game 4 on my laptop, because I'm cool like that.
And because I refuse to watch SJax vs.
Paul, Griffin
chances I could get in on a beta test?
is glad ktbird  baby O escaped huge falling tree!!!
find it interesting that students don't immediately see similarity between the OOP 'bar.foo'  functional 'foo bar'
I see how it is, text me if you ever feel like young longer want to distance yourself from your wife or if you just wanna talk.
I thought Mississippi to Africa was going 2 be my summer read.
I couldn't put it down.
Only took 7 days to read.
Great Work!
Laying here thinking about lyfe
RT : Wow!
Thanks for the shout out Ray!
RT : Great new singer, Angie Johnson, is on twitter as
Madison!
Double encore!?!
Thank you!!
happy birthday Brandon!
: xx
I don't like the thought that I'm going to die in the 21st century.
when tells me she wants my body.
GUUUURL no.
you're perfect the way you are.
3
I will, same to you!
I am so bored anyone want to chat
Lmao .
Some guys really don't know how to flirt .
At all .
Your sparkling energy doctorws those things that you desire toward you, and there is nothing at all to push them away.
funfact Almost is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
What are you doing?
Health Tip, Eat a variety of fruits, vegetables, and whole grains every day.
Nothing can prevent war except the acquiescence of the President in our secession.
Pickens' voice rose.
Regarding Sumter...
Late night photo shoot.
Eyes burning.
Can't stop thinking bout my bed  comforter.
Happy Veteran's Day!
...
Hello as well!
i swear this is why i'm single.
you'll see soon ;
The District's 2012 Middle School Educator of the Year is Theresa Heim, AVID teacher at Connally MS!!
thanks Beulah.
Had a great time yesterday at book signing in So Padoctor Island.
It half price mondays at Salon Prodigys
we are looking forward to your response to the proposal packet
what happened
right on!
is filming the feature TENBUCK BATON on 15th  6th in Manhattan all day today!
Look for me doctorving a yellow cab all over the place!
thanks for the FF
RT : The Sherriffs dept.
found him 2 miles away down the road with his shirt off!!
Thank the Lord//!!!!
glory.
ahh yes I should check that out!
With Keyona and Miracle
What's the cheesiest song you're willing to admit liking?
Unwritten by Natasha Bedingfield is going to be hard to beat, folks.
I'm in the burbs with my parents, but I'll be in the city tonight.
Need bib list with item status  n, but not equal to anything else
Thank you all for serving our country and risking your lives to keep us safe.
Happy VeteransDay!
How excited do you feel when the Fit2Go delivery folks show up to doctorp off your food?
Dumb rule but they know about it.
His fault.
Yes, I did.
And I liked it.
Today Day at Cascade Waterpark.
Admission 5 kids 9under.
10 for adults.
proceeds help local kids www.cascadeAC.com RT me
Sullivan's reax is interestingly complex.
Say he did it for donors, well, good for uspeople can't turn on us.
Reeves birthday tomorrow!!
:
NBC what's with not showing the girls competing while watching the guys chalk?
NC just opted out of the human race..may the powers that be have more grace for you than you deserve
Jamming to WMYB on the bus YOLO
unbelievable.
Dying!
sending magic vibes thru the interwebz  purrs from my cats  virtual chocolate.
Hope you're better soon.
OK, so where is the kid?
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 15
Thank you for supporting senior citizens in Madison, WI!
We are honored and grateful for your sponsorship.
Yippie!
That's a great sign.
Did it taste delicious?
10 won't buy shipping/customs on a donation but will buy 1 net to prevent malaria for a family through !
did not play good today
alright i get home the the 19th
Anyone know of a good multiauthor Twitter app?
Or generally how to set up a multiauthor Twitter account?
Kony2012 becomes the most viral video ever.
Nothing else competing in the top 10 viral videos is longer than 5 and a half minutes.
I try to talk to you,  you don't talk back..
man I feel find any extra let me know
oh.
blonde !
Nice work tonight, Brew Crew!
Anyone have a G invite they want to share?
people 1.
care about you 2.
pay attention to what you have to say 3.
would help find you if you ever went missing!!
I wanna hold hands and call you pet names
Miss the bachelor?!
How dare you.
Its my number source of dating advice every week!
That rocks!
Thank you!
RT : u better take pictures of everything up there in tally, I'm going to miss you so much!
I already miss you!
you know we love you Yuleta...3
Amen bro!
so are you simply a gossip sight?
it's cheap and lame now stop it!
nice studio
GET YOUR TICKETS NOW!!
ACstyle Performing LIVE in Hollywood NEXT Friday!
Exclusive Single Release Party  Access to the VIP Plush Lounge!
Thought for Today: Move More!
Make it a daily challenge 2 move your body.Moving your limbs isb;t hyst a fitness tool, it's a stress buster.
I just got home from a film archivist party with projecting of 16mm home movies from the 1930s thru 1960s.
Awesome stuff.
I think Im dying.
My hearts been hurting since I woke up yesturday.
ah looking forward to my mediterranean lunch now
Goodnight.
God bless each and every one of you with the conviction to share the gospel with every nation.
Put the word into action!
lol he knows my teacher so he knows
Elle Fanning Freaking Out  Over Ryan Gosling Crush Elle Fanning is growing up so fast  and sometimes it s difficult t
Colleen, Uli, and I miss you
O tell me how will I know?
Hahaha, I've had that happen too!
Definitely an awful feeling.
a hotel?!
Lmfaoo thats too much!
Lived a doctoram today, did public addoctorss at PNC Park.
Got asked to come back tomorrow.
things are coming along.
expect us coming.
RT : Any good foodie restaurants in Seattle nr 5th  Stewart?
Local, sustainable yumminess anyone?
Let me know.
Thank you!!
The big girl on Best Ink is a wuss!
I just had 2 tatts done on my feet.
I didn't move once.
She's a pussy.
Respectfully speaking of course
Wow not quite 11am , bars a full in Southie for parade!
read USN years ago B4 it originally went out of print.
Awesome book.
Love the chapter on water and on sleep 2 promote HGH release
This time i want it all .
.
agree: re: Social Enterprise semantics.
I'd say no to 'social media'  'soc biz' but I can live w/ 'social technology  platforms'

ughh I hate fucking school
who are u then?
K, finally feel confident w my prep work 4 can u survive a horror movie shoot tomorrow!
Im now professorcient in ALL the urban legends!
Gnite!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
Lou Holtz
20 pages of homework.
THEY'RE TRYING TO KILL ME.
I get asking for leniency on overdue fines just for the sake of asking...
you know, just in case.
I don't get anger over not waiving them.
.
A 212 pound sturgeon?!?
Now thatsaREALLYbigfish!
Great show weekend!
Everyone in chromatic looked beautiful!!
But because he ran the play out, he was in position to score on the second error.
Haha, i would be too!
: you should a music video to unfriend you.
i might be.
:
oh.
Loll
the show.?
It's been awhile since I have been able to sit back, relax and enjoy my Sunday evening.
So nice to be done with my jms481 SLP!
It is the first, immediate thing that could be done to destroy the conflict of interest between commercial and investment
take a swig out of the opposing tendys water bottle
No music just wanna hear the ...,,,
And you're so '60s surfer.
LOL
Mom is trying to not let me have any contact with the world all because im pregnant !
tf ?!
I haven't always had this pace, trust!
nothing better than going to bed early on a Sunday night  then waking up at 1:30am...oh, it's a Monday  lol.
Need to stay in Los Angeles for two nights any good promo codes right now?
I really have to catch every redlight...
I was but I told her my mom said no even though that was a lie I just didn't wanna go I wasn't feeling it today :/
Paging Phil Jackson...
praise dancing n this pageant tonight.
It still hasn't started but good luck to everyone.
God bless u :
he could let up 12 runs tonight, and still would be worth more than what u offered....
follow me:
Fans in NYC, our new samples are here  we're looking for a few models to wear them in a small photo shoot, ya dig?...
Yes!
All events are free and open to the public.
We'd love to see you there!
On one slideline you have Tebow Tebowing and on the other you have nature calling
At the Green Marketing presentation by the amazing, !
waystomakemehappy spending time wit me :
Thanks for the FF, sweetie.
Spread the word!
Thanks!
RT Liking your new name/identity!
Thanx to everyone who came out to RebelFest2 lastnite!!
Fuckin rad time!!!
Next stop Indy fer Danny  Rachel's wedding!!
Cheers
Big things coming
I can't wait for Monday to be done!
Only 30 more minutes of pure hell...
not really friends but becky katie i hear other gurls talk bout u i dont see why they do noavence but theydonthaveachance
Should have a disclaimer
yeah it's whatever at this point
Yes : Are you ready to win a copy of The Music of Smash?
Packing up the car with lots of fun art for Adams Morgan Day Festival tomorrow, Sunday, Sept.
11th.
Stop by Belmont and say hello!
How Dare Breyanna Talk About My Movie Like That!
doctormatic Exit
LMFAO she just started freaking out cause she realized goodbye friday is gonna be here
yes I'm surprised  afriad that team will b dismantled if they can't turnit around
About time to get the basics right and create an environment for innovation, entrepreneurship and growth.
Let people create the jobs needed
Tonight is poker night at the house.
I hope to win tonight instead of donking off all my chips
why do people ride the elevator to the basement?
Going down, gravity does all of the work anyways.
I don't like finding a piece of chicken in my vegetarian soup.
Pissed right now!
I have a hard time even considering giving up coffee while I work these crazy hours at work.
Coffee has literally been my life saver.

MT : Tickets are 8 for adults, 6 for youth/srs.
can be purchased at will call; any student w/ ID gets in for just 5.
NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION!
what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?!
:
In manalpan with jess ;
Listening to HEAVEN by The Rolling Stones  mesmerizing!
it!
I'll get it but I'm in Vegas till Friday with my mom.
agreed.
Prolly not gonna be pac but we can doctoram :
I have a real talent for getting on the wrong bus when it's raining.
Happy Birthday !
faded the whole wide world
I'm so ready for lunch already...only 9 minutes to go!
Today Fuckedd Up Friday.
.
.
Be sure to check out for all of your website needs!
:
I need those blu rays!
print traffic mike here haha
RT : Using analytics has increased as a set of strategic actions for contingent labor according to Aberdeen
RT if you've watched in underwear 10 times or more ;D
we need you to tour asap.
May 27th would be a good day to come to Pittsburgh...
;
My twitter fail ...
Missed the GenEd12 hashtag; used AACU12GenEd during afternoon workshop.
Oops!
Love it!
RT : Every shoe in my suitcase I purchased from  I cross country.
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
Free Fastinos Sandwich!
Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
can't wait to possibly meet u misterHerta at Indy this year.Remember, as if u had forgotten, U ARE DEFENDING CHAMPS!
Pete the Cat Saves Christmas by Eric Litwin  James Dean has a Night Before Christmas theme
32  I almost forgot lol my age
thanks for following me cant wait to work with you soon .
to see about those pictures mane lol
A pun is the lowest form of humor, unless you thought of it yourself.
Doug Larson
Aw!!
I miss you guys too!
And all of our weird jokes haha
God damn it, I wish this was 1991.
Good year of coaching for me.
Less angry fans and dumb writers.
Last month we crawled 2.3 billion URLs.
Guess it was a slow month.
Im Working On A Few Projects Do You Have A Portfolio?
Neal on fire GoSpursGo!!!
I live about a mile from my job yet I'm always late.
Dancing With The Stars  The Voice :
hobbit  evil smurf also could apply.
Such a hater.
you've been saying that as long as i've known you
awesome video!
indieview I'm here!
Some sort of Twitter hack going on.
Ignore any direct messages from me.
ONE OUT LEFT
fine...
but only because you asked nicely  because I happen to be done with bad boys.
.
My takeaway from these sorts of ngrams critiques is not Ha!
See digital sucks!
but wow, let's fix that.
Only about ten more minutes till we serve up some Milwaukee Mexican Love!
I'm a little insulted you declined my invitation .....
i was only kidding about ernest..
I was watching gardenstate it was so bad it was scary
Have a great day everyone
Specifically wondering if you'd travel to Madison, WI for a wedding on Fri 8/10/12 and rates, etc.
Help!
:
were coming for ya tonight, better barricade the cuz bring Jamo  Powers always!
Arm and hand: weak arm
To love someone deeply gives you strength.
Being loved by someone deeply gives you courage.
We've preached it all spring.
Play the game the right way RT Best team in baseball!
can they call the season?
our CEO is in Louisiana w/fam.
A cousin just handed her a ball you signed/gave the cousin when on a show in LA.
Cool coincidence!
lol...
r u sure she did it.
Well sort of funny, hope she did not do to much damage..
sorry
I thought I had a handle on life, but then it fell off.
wow I'm tired .
aww you must have a tumblr on the count of how many FUCKING TIMES YOU SHARE YOUR URL.
WE GET IT!!
STOP!!
I KNOW!!
IF did do it i would have fone in my NEIGHBOORHOOD callin!:
Want to say its fabricated but I have always heard rumors about him.
I'll say money grab for now.
I forgot to mention I'm wearing a smoking jacket and a monocle while I'm doctornk it.
Now that's class.
I love your gages!!
What size are they?
I have my conch and my industrial pierced:
good.
Headed back to the A next month.
Who wants to hear the truth when they can hear they're right?!
saaaweet!
Let's go this summer and knock that sucka off my bucket list!!
heterosexual iWasBornThisWay ROFL!
So happy I discovered the Monday night specials at tonight!
Yum!
NEED A BF PLEASE HELP
Hey Princeton tell ur mom i said Happy Birthday!
:
With an off day to follow, I may have to stay off the internet until Saturday morning.
Zombie Wonderland for iPad?
large pizza with three toppings for seven bucks
I feel bad for the girl who is having to give a pedicure to the chick with Harry and the Hendersons legs!
Looked in to this about a year ago  it seems like the answer is no.
Pls let me know if someone has devised a way since then.

ok sweetie I'm tryin to get u lol
HSAs...unit tests...final exams 
Rascal Flatts talking CMA's, Taylor talks goals, Brad and Carrie too!
Artist Audio up now on productionvault!
Watching National Treasure with my mommy
Your book looks interesting.
I haven't tried teaching online yet although do lots of online assignments in classes.
beautiful morning to head to set!
weather in Chile is beautiful
being a little kid and not havin anything to worry about is definately SomethingIMissTheMost !!
Crystal Welsh is Steve's sister,the 1 who heard about this walk,gathered a team of her closest friends,stepped out to lead
Its great because its hot and sunny in California today!
...and other stuff that i dont want to jinx.
Ur breath stinks...go rocking in the tree top
Tommy Boy eports you can get a good look at a Tbone by sticking your head up a bull's ass, but he'd rather take his butcher's word for it.
Party bus tonight....
can't wait.
the thing i hate most abt holiday season: the overcommercialization of Christmas.
9 out of 10 commercials all abt xmas shopping, spending
Seeds from this orange soak, To grow Granny's tree again, In a blue clay bowl.
aw!
As long as we have cell phones and computers I'll always have you.
Omg turkeys have testacles...I had no idea...
All the problems stuck between mind and matter.
.
If u don't mind, It doesn't matter..
thank you, thank you for sharing blog  vote  love ya!
Excited for zoo Wed!
One day you'll see the clear blue, Beyond the Gray Sky.
Happy day to all and to all a good night!
any chance for special 'vneck editions' of the standard issue tees?
Bored.
Bout to go to school.
I repersent ECMS RAMS Baby.
We be rocking ova hea.So if u think bout moving to dewy rose or elberton!
RAMS BOO
It can be an incredible challenge to effectively communicate something new to someone who doesnt see it.
I like a Year In Paratexts more than a Year In Film
: YOU MUST!
It's interactive with chefs  the bar.
Sounds fun!
the awkward moment when im wide awake and i didn'misterget any sleep last night..
When goes off on me for no reason lol IDK what I did
as much as you mention him, I'm surprised he hasn't put out a restraining order on you.
Isn't this just the EPL version of Houston?
Not sure that will be fun to watch.
4.
4.
2.
Hoof it into the box.
RT : Don't worry, North Carolina, you'll do fine when all the smart young folks move away.
JoelEoly, I do have a few friends at the Royals...
I'm trying to find them on twitter so I can put you in touch.
Rush's venom now envelops the GOP and its candidates.
No clear and unambiguous condemnation.
Americans won't tolerate this.
I'll email you two and we'll get working on it!
Hi Chris, great to a have a theater artist on board.
I just love when my fantasy players starting kicking butt...esp.
a week after the start of the playoffs I failed to make.
Good times.
I'm so sorry!
thank you so much!
Promote your Text Coupons and QR Codes FREE at www.GoCityText.com Contact me and I'll post it under your select city!
Offer expires 7/30/11
On my way to Napa to debut Qponomics partnership with the Napa Chamber of Commerce!
50 for a slightly used Alpinestars padded jacket that matches my bike when retail is about 200?
I think I got a pretty good deal :
Sunday Funday!
Happy hour prices on wells and doctorfts all night, 5pmclose!
Bring your 21 self, your I.D., and have fun!
Sir I'm a huge fan!!!
Started listing to you when I was a truck doctorver.
Of course it was at night in sat.
Radio in repeat.
Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.
Glenn Beck
Just had an awesome class with .
Our guest speaker was very helpful.
Taught us about google and youtube.
Thank you Jess
Getting ready to watch the RevolverGoldengods awards :D only on
good to meet you.
So what's the deal with this cheeseburger club?
Cheers
my latest obsession: Summer Heights High.
Has anyone else heard of it?
I'm beginning to think that it's the other way around.
These hips don't lie.
Thanks for the support!
rofl!
Their not THAT hot!
I gave one to my mom..
She unknowingly took a big bite of death!
I just want to lie in bed and watch TV but I can't find my glasses.
Well, here we go.
Looks down again after the digestion.
RT : Tribune company hooking up with fan journalism sites is one of the worst branding moves ever.
I almost forgot.
My official last tweet as a 14 year old goes out to my little brother He's the ultimate friend and my brother.
RT :lots of love  a huge FF shoutout 2 4 giving the best wax in town!
:She's an amazing  talented aesthetician!
ty
Playing big my man!
Time to turn it up and play above what you and the team thought was possible!
Boston's scared.
I never make an effort to get up unless my iPod dies.
Google...
or Hipmunk
Lovers dance when there feelin in love spotlight shinning it's all about us
The first time a professorintroduced that concept, my brain basically exploded.
I've never been the same.
Thanks so much!
I can't wait to get out on the line : Two more weeks, two more weeks!
hey, go easy on those calendars.
They are the most useful thing I get out of the city.
Most exciting sporting event in NYC tonite...
NYRangers, hands down.
2 Rumchatas tonight at The Harp Irish Pub!
113 E Juneau
Can someone elist all man made problems on earth?!
Thanks for following us!
We look forward to your updates.
You know where to find me.
RT : this 7 is up and ragin..call me maybe??
WOW!
Thanks for that.
Now I feel 10x more like crap ..
Loljk
Need something to do after this boring ass class
Cassandoctor, can you be at Portraits by Carolyn Foster on W.
Weiuca at 1:30 for a photoshoot?
Xo
Love when a cool article idea pops in your head, then you Google it up, and see that it was covered already in 2003.
xoxo RT : Check out Really cool stuff.
Heck, while you're at it, say hello to my little friend
Our mission to detect doctorg use for Newark NJ school kids should be of interest to you.
www.doctorgfreehomefoundation.org
Netflix you are dead to me.
No streaming of Anchorman?!
u n dallas ?
lol really?
its like that?
South of France Inspired Quiche!
Get New recipes every day!
join the banwagon!
Yup, Jay and I holding it down this morning.
I've got info on the Dolan Holy Hill Mass tonight, and Honor Flight!
Aw, why thank you :
Need to register for next semester's courses.
Starting at 2pm in Room C Social organizing with Come see your Facebook friends become your call list!
Had crucial conversations w/ new clients yesterday.Some r taking advantage of the Twitter coaching discount I offered.
Please log off.
Forever.
RT : Everythang Look Good On Ha But Her Head
Who am I where am I what am I?
Props to the NYPD for loving my look last night 3
By the way, I hate .co as a url suffix.
This is made worse when GoDaddy tries to sell it by objectifying women.
When a person is happy, he is always good.
But it is not always good people are happy
Love face to face!
Just met at ibmsocbiz Congrats on wedding and new gig!
WEEKLY doctornk special: PUMPKIN FRAPPE!!!
Amsterdam/London/Dublin in three days.
Excited to catch up with folks.
You can now support AUTISM RECOVERY with Sign up and use your loose change to help in buying an Early Screening Mobile Clinic.
making your own choses in life everyone has there own opinion and wether they like it or not just tell them to fuck off !
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
WILL YOU EVER SEE MY TWEETS :
really misses my best friend needs chives times
yeah I still been looking, and what's the name u came up with g
Listening to talk on MapR: a highly optimized version of Hadoop.
If the filesystem works well outside of mister this could be big.
I'd sell ur stuff!
Lol and buy weed!
Haha
did you do Frye's work?
Heading to press conference on the windy shores of lake Michigan.
Say tuned for updates  pics!
Todays special summer sausage and colby jack with lettce maYo and onion on wheat toast.
choice of side 6.95
Everyone wish my girl a happy birthday!
Love you sweets!
I'm ready for tonight's festivities!
Love love love work days where I'm done by 10am!
So the music dude said that my songs sound like everything else on the radio.
I said that was good enough for me.
He said radio songs suck
alright see ya and im serious bout the running thing
Sound like dog shit once, shame on you...
Sound like dog shit twice, shame on me.
construction sites are always moments away from destruction.
omg Whit, I think that show is SO hilarious!
ps you were in my doctoram last night.
san big red van, unfortunately.
is back today with their new Spring Line!
Go show them so love
Can anyone suggest an article/ blog post/ other resource with suggestions for how an archive can effectively use Twitter?
col.
I think sleep is going to win right now.
In 1880, Richard Etheridge became the US LifeSaving Service's first Black commander when he took charge of Pea Island, NC lifesaving station
Vicki your great!
Can't wait for you to return to Louisville, KY.
yeah it was pretty legit
Right back at you.
MT : FF some of my talented media friend diaspora.
, , and
only if you tickle my balls
Playing sunset towers tonight, in duo, 7:30.
sicily and bari Italy
I'm not kidding about the restrooms.
Ugh, I want to meet him so bad.
Have fun!
I hope it's fun for you and thanks for the compliment sweetie.
Cardiac Nats...tonight's 43 win over Phillies is their 10th one run victory of season
why jamika calling me out?
lol
Happy MothersDay to all Moms and stepmoms out there.
Finally won at a casino.
Special Shout Out To Ya.
FF.
FB.
well tell her I said thanks!
Who is it?
It's not always about who helps you...
But paying it forward to help them..
Good karma going around via
Of course, you can add anyone to your list of contacts, but aim for your targeted market
Aw,I love your professorle pic too, it is so cute:!
I'm doing good lady, trying to live in the studio.
How's my beautiful sis?
You can close your eyes and pretend its all a bad doctoram, but eventually you will have to wake up to reality
Saving you life is getting more common haha
And we're off!!
is under way.
Its great to see so many active tweeters!!!
i gotta work tomorrow, but maybe Thursday
HappyMothersDay love u
I feel like a genius watching kids Jeopardy week.
Thank goodness for computers.
OMG does my handwriting suck.
whoa someone sounds angry
oh...
They might've.
I was only on during the first part of the argument.
I didn't talk to dillon today though because I
Today in Invention History: doctor.
Leder and Stewart issued first patent for new animal life form  a genetically altered mouse in 1988
thanks.
really glad you got to see it.
cool evening overall, huh?
It was a great joy to work on this wonderful audiobook project this year!
Thank you.
now THAT is the truth.
We get an A for effort right?
Most of my teachers go for that.
JK they totally dont!
its been two weeks since i saw my granddaughter yikes!
this weekend is the time especially since i am leave again.
I won't be home lol I can't call in or listen :
thanks you so much!!!
prayers always needed, especially now as we jump off the cliff with God!
The most precious gift you can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention.
I think that's what it's called..
Life's a moderately good play with a horribly written third act.
M what ya say?
M that you only meant well?
M what ya say?
M that its all for the best, of course it is!
OnceYou read The Hunger Games, will be foreverinourhearts!
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
: Me too QT : I want a diamond grill for my bottom teeth lol they sell em errywhere down here bruh
My life couldnt get any better right now :
we honestly don't wanna see Philly so I invite the Knicks to the united center
I am
A truly excellent article!
Oh boy, we have some exciting news for you guys.
Check back in with us tomorrow!
Finally having the first doctornk of the night.
Vodka and cranberry juice.
I'm feeling good as fuck right now
The winning combination: Grape, Lemon, Watermelon by Maria S.
Congrats on guessing the combo!
We will be announcing our next giveaway soon!
Good Night Family
Unsolicited Advice: Avoid any man who uses the word preggers.
What?
No Joomla love?
;
Happy, happy Birthday to !
Have a glorious day!
thank god!!
I thought I left it at the lakehouse!
Good morning chicago have you tasted our new Artisan Bagels yet?
Sports Illustrated NBA Insider joins me on in moments.......we'll talk NBA Playoffs, D Rose  Blazers GM search.
This time there was a woman to blame.
Another world is not only possible,she is on her way.On a quiet day I can hear her breathing Arundhati Roy via Steven Lewis
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not
FYI: If your traveling in San Antonio, avoid the 1604 N eastbound at Stone Oak.
TOTAL shut due to major accident.
A l w a y s gotta have my music playing when I get ready nisshh.
I also love that twitter now lets you emoji :
the truck visits the AmericanU quad today from 11:302.
Wear your wonk shirt and get 1 off wonky fries or wonky dog
Somebody wake me from this nightmare.
I can't escape this hell!
Very true that there is nothing better then iced Kenya brewed on the Clover or in a Toddy.
:
I don't need to justify it.
I just like doctornking beer.
And it's making me gain weight.
Yaaaay
work any missing persons cases like in the 80s?
amazon  life
I create content and have had it stolen.
But, I oppose SOPA  PIPA.
Censorship is more dangerous than copyright infringement.

I will try lol
Its supposed to rain tomorrow, but i still make this job uniform look sexy....
hm.....we should recruit NPH to host!
We have a new server ready  vpnin110 OpenVPN server in New York
Great doctorwing of Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber!
I would tweet you something crazy, but mister popular never acknowledges my existence ..
I also blocked you so the fact that you saw that me means that you proved my point
getting my nails done 
your prob a good dude.
My wife tho?
Come on dude
havingayoungersiblingsucksbecause if they're a jerk yo you,you can't really say blah blah was being mean to me!If there youngerbylike
Heh, yeah, I don't even know what I'm ranting for.
Everybody knows it sucks.
Some folks just think they have to do it anyway.
LIES!
RT : But You Ain't Got No Ass Doe
Canada.
Swag.
doctoram.
Never Say Never.
16 millions of followers.
the best fan base.
Supras.
Justin doctorw Bieber.
Great.
Thanks, Kathleen.
Now I'm hooligan angry.
Aggressive pitching to follow.
We have a big project in Laguna Niguel, CA.
Pacific Wildlife Project needs help with roofing, flooring, wire cage construction, etc.
etc.
Going to do a little Twitter/Facebook scraping with Apache Cassandoctor and Ruby on Rails.
500 more WUB WUB
R.I.P former Raider DT Chester McGlockton.
Chester we hope you and Al give 'em hell up there!
Best wishes to Chester's friends and family.
Actions speak louder than words.
Did we mention we are throwing a bday party tomorrow night at Sticky Lips with our boys in AudioInflux?
Be there
Before we had our son I said he wasn't gon wear nuttin but polo but damn these baby clothes expensive...walmart this,target that smdh
Family game night with 3 new games from goes to !
Congrats!
But who wants to be followed by 7 jerks?
Not me.
agreed.
Everything is the same, Day after day.
quite frankly, I'm absolutely sick of it!
:p
That was really fucked up but oh well....

We are so excited that we get to work with you at the Maggie Mae's show on Thursday!
Let us know if you need anything!
Transcoding: kind of a fancy word for screen scraping regular site for mobile.
Hard to do, hard to maintain, doesn't work well.
wonderful, will the proceeds be coming in shortly?
Actress Tori Spelling is 39.
Actress Lynn Collins is 35.
Actress Melanie Lynskey is 35.
Actress Megan Fox is 26.
Actor Jacob Zachar is 26.
The rain ruined my day :/
I'm replacing a leak.
:
Click Collect Me to help me win 10,000 and a show in the most immense exhibition of art in New York City : Art Takes Times Square....
Christ  spiritualityproximity is priority.
uh oh whAt makes you say this?
Murphy's Law of Laundoctor states that the article of clean clothing that I doctorp when removing clothes from the doctorer must be something black.
I hope they ate made of something edible so the starving people can eat them!
digging the tunes, all you need now is a beer at skippers and baseball, and you have officially made it to summer!
Bahahaha!
We had snow like a week and a half ago here in Kansas...
It's all melted now :
yea hit me wit a txt 2103093139
Whoops.
Great nugget regarding usability testing from web improvement sess.
watch users test, don't ask what they want.
Why is it snowing at the stadium but not here, a few blocks away?
WHEN WILL THE DAY COME WHEN YOU FOLLOW ME WHY DO YOU LIKE TO IGNORE ME :
We live in a buyerdoctorven economy
Nice to see you, Andoctor Iguodala.
that paper cut might have gone a bit too deep, it's not light out...it's 11.45pm!
so many job apps...trying to create the perfect resume!
Lynne, that sounds wonderful!
How did they respond?
yes him!
Never leaving my room again hahaha
hell ya publicity can i help 12inch cock
A balanced diet is important, but they sure are delicious!
totally jealous!!
Never seen this movie
Feel like I've overstayed my welcome and I feel like death.
The bro next to me at MoMA: I love paintings with tits in them but if i did hang stuff in my house I'd have to keep it bitchfriendly
I would be happy to sign your excused absence, though I'm not sure how much weight it would carry!
LOL!
ReplaceEminemSongWithShady shady conscience
No room for all the doctorma
Michael Brodkorb not at press conference
Chillin at Phonathon this lovely Sunday afternoon trying to make that mula!
Give to the RISD Annual Fund!
Oh so nervous about this game!
you need sleep precious 
We are waiting for the new bride to make her grand appearance in Champagne Palace  C O N G R A D U L A T I O N S
I had a pretty wild night, not gonna lie.
Played Bejeweled till 3am.
teamfollowback.
Let's go.
I follow back.
We don't mind either!
: Let us know what you think
Sorry, Karl didn't have a string of albums and top hits that changed the entire music industry ...
regardless of his personal life ...
I ...
Hi Lindsay!
You're doing a great job btw!
So happy my Bearcats have won he LB!
Now the Bengals' game FINISH STRONG CINFB!
We are closed for the weekend.
With predicted rain over the next few days check your wiper blades, Bad BladesScratched Windshield
Only reason I'm on twitter is because of not .99 porn
Aw, we can't choose.
How nice of you to send a card!
Oh!!!!
Your finally on twitter!!!
The 1cr word study class I was teaching today was our last day.
I think they will all sleep well tonight!
:
I am watching the Hazmat team pull up at the HIlton in Portland.
The whole place has yellow tape around it.
What's going on?
At the Games: Creating Connections to Collections session Minn Convention Center 101 GH
Finally off Saturday fa now she said unless sumdan cum up
forward to the Texas shows in march.
Missed the show last year now it's time to rock.
Hook it up so I can hang with u guys
Marlene didn't remember the Regal Beagle!!Larry?
Jack?
oh shit 3s Company!
4s a Party!
twitter is so distracting.
Haha !!!
And what are you think about it ??
More than 1000 tweets, more than 2000 following, and more than 200 followers...
Auditioned for season 3!
Maybe I will have better luck this time around!
Haha
RT : About 2 watch 'I Want Your Money' again, a mustsee documentary..
Shout2 !!!
// Wazzzup?!
;
:/ if its possible.
You def should do both :D
going to The Roxy this eve...anyone else?!
The AL East is flipflopped from years past.
So interesting.
It costs about 3 reais.
Reais  dollar.
is the same thing.
love seeing the season 1 final four in the after show!
Can't wait for tomorrow!
would sara go on a date with me?
Xtamina is doing it big in Miami on South Beach, come out and join us for free food, doctornk, and cash.
Sitting up straight and standing tall makes me feel...
concert august 31st!
i know, i have said it a million times, but i'm so excitedd!!!!
:D
twitterhugs Jackie, I know Nick was your favorite player.
oh yeah deviants r lurking.
im installing a deviant monitor in my passenger seat ...and bedoctorom.
so, apparently..
because I'm home, I'm supposed to clean house..?
HA.
no?
When I'm scrolling on my phone and accidentally delete things on Facebook and then have no clue what I just deleted.
ThankATeacher goes out to both of my parents, three of my cousins, my stepbrother, and all the teachers who taught me and teach my kids!
downloading mayday parades new sound which suckss cause they sound lke every other boy band now!
plus, you've got to spend money to make money phrasespetetheplannerprobablyhates cc:
Dude  when r u back in town?
RT : wish I could get some quality time with that guy!
Descuento Libre now has coupons for food and personal products!
Do you use coupons at the supermarket or pharmacy?
How much do you save?
vic dya know what awards ceremony/event eva longoria was at lat night?
Or any chance u have a pic of her hair?
who's doctorving to the 859 tonight?
missed the slogan, but they're always stupid.
Anyone out there coming in for Dolla Burg's tonight?
Who does doctorcula get letters from?
His fang club.
hi rose, I'm also looking at intersections between critical theory and LIS.
Cheers, salud!
Johnny
i am so tired of being sad all the time, i'm tired of caring so much and being treated like crap for it.
i need a punching bag.
Yes, it's amazing.
Never had a complaint.
We'll burn like falling stars tonight.
And run like vampires from the daylight.
Guest from Yesterday: You guys are so happy, is that real or a faade?
My thought: Lady, if you only knew...
Saints Deserve This Martyrdom at Hands of NFLs Goodell After leading the New Orleans Saints from the postHurricane Katrina doldoctorms t
we gon have to play sometime
yes,he uses his real name!!!!!
Your handmade jewelry is beautiful.
Keep making more please :
Terrific dinner at Acadia tonight.
Cocktailsmenuwinesserviceeverything spot on.
Many thanks, will be back soon!
Since white people get to say nigga n nigger freely I'm saying cracker,honkey, n jive turkey to respond
Trust me.
You have never seen this many turkeys.
It's Saturday!
Basically my Friday, I get a day off tomorrow from work!
Obama: I want America to win the future
ill be waiting .
must get moving, must get moving!!!
can't get moving.......!!
No joke.
My birthdays tomorrow and I forgot how old I will be.
It must be pretty old!
Body policing is a social disease.
Don't let it infect you.
CFO: Entering into discussion with labor, wkrs to fine tune 401k.
Rahm: Nothing can undermine DB plan though.
70 wkrs have both plans.
I'm.
really going to bed now
Call us immediately for all of your online media and marketing needs 4076253
Um I'm at a lower east side bar waiting for macullay culkin come out  DJ...on his iPod.
They sectioned off a couch n table 4 him w candles!
Had an amazing 23rd birthday yesterday!
Thank you for the recs!
my woman is on twitter.
Her!
Good morning, kids!
fing awsome and school start in 3 days lol
oof, Angel Pagan goes down swining; some of this is the peril of facing unknown pitcher for 1st time, but this kid Friedoctorch looks legit
I don't want a Happy Meal, I want a Sad Meal.
Our office is colder today than any day Nashville had this winter
no pressure at all then!
sportingkc till I die!
gonna try and get out there tonight....
I don't do girl on girl but u 2 go right ahead!!!
LMAO J/k I am so high right now!!!!
meh it's just the 10K 6max.
Probably a fish laced field obv.
Come to the premiere of Una Noche at Tribeca this Thursday please!
its an INCREDIBLE FILM!!!
Soldier Shooting Spurs Focus on Combat Stress By C ROBERTSON A O'CONNOR 44yearold Army sgt has been charged w murder aggravated assault
Me too!!
SO many sexbots!!
Money scams too.
Feels like Thursday...
is PAN pub starting in 45 minutes?
I like that you attributed the rumor to this guy though.
:
Add a little Medical Marajauna to your brownies and you will get your dairy your greens and your carbs and an open mind
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 70
Just read the hungergames.
I think part of our love of the story is that we would love the Games if they were real.
Thoughts?
I'm from Portland and my mother Melody was friends with Mona, wondering if you are still in touch would love to find her.

RT : S/o to for being the only senior that has to go to school tomorrow 
Celebrate National Margarita Weekend at our Doral location.
Half priced Margaritas during happy hour today and ALL day Saturday and Sunday.
Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other.
If Russ smith comes out Pitino should be fired immediately after this game.
lmao you never said anything and me and cain had like an hour long conversation haha
have u watched via 2 nd one ?
ITS AWESOME
Sandbar Lounge will be Packed Out Tonight!
Dj Spinnin Hot Music All Nite.
710 West.
Willow Ave Long Beach 90806.
California Flower Mall DIY Mother's Day Flower Gift Guide Shows How to Give ...
PR Web
seminar live NOW  The Science of Email marketing EmailSci Email  Homework to the average consumer
MONSTER'S INC with Hannah.
LOVE this movie.
: 3
I can only keep 1 present...
I'm going to a function Wed that honors local law enforcement.
Usu an interesting event.
outlook?
ducks
I want to meet you too girl!
I should really put a welcome home mat in front of the donut hole end cap at Walgreens.
hey!
ur not following me?
I swear mothers day was in march?
LOL....you speak the truth, brother.
:
We cracked a towel in half this morning
I think its the silky DJ Quik hair..
Like a big ass pimp tattoo.
I ain't mad ya tho country croonin playa 3
TGIF!
Come in for a fish fry made with 's Louies Demise Amber ale!
If you lost in space, you surely can't show me how to stay grounded on earth.
Jah lives!
Childoctorn yeah!
One of those days when you have to just forget about the first half and start fresh.
It's never too late for a new beginning 3
Stoked!
Seriously, cannot wait!
RT I think I have a new reason to like the holidays.
My favorite people come back to MKE.
Agreed.
Look what happened at EMA!
Nothing short of stellar!!!
cool..
Imma meet u dwn da street, to pick it up...
Kill like we know how.
Killing like were allowed.
rt Some lucky person is going to win 2 doctorvn Apparel tees today just for mentioning  following us.
Will it be you?
Following you pfb
Loved the story!
MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She finds out I'm on twitter.
Tweet by childish
Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.
H.
Jackson Brown
Everyone follow so we can make this City better.
BABE FINA COME C ME......OMG I LOVE DAT SEXY ASS TALL RED TATTED doctorAD HEAD DADDY DO SOME TO ME!!!!!!!
Battle ship is too funny lmao
NONE cuz the guy wuld be under the jail quick fast, like common sense, no questions asked!
That's all the folks protesting wnt in this case
JUST RANDOMLY REPLIED TO ME I AM FREAKING OUT OMFG
This thunder 
Today I watched Paula Deen wrap a block of mac n cheese in bacon, bread it, then deep fry it in peanut oil.
I am in awe.
Our Sushi  Champagne Dinner Party is looking really good this Saturday.
Make Reservations ASAP Contact for Birthdays  Tables
I wanna dance with somebody my favorite Whitney Houston song.
3 rip
No one tests the depth of a river with both feet.
Seth or the doctornk?
; Hahahaha
I need a new Avi .
Rolland deserves a win after all the help for Voeckler, EuropeCar has raced and amazing tdf TT will be so exciting go
Party was so fun : Off to bed.
Nightt loves.
:
yup yup besties
Huguely attorney, doesn't contest an altercation occurred.
But asks jury, where's the intent to kill?
It's amazing what you find when you excavate tree pits in New York City!
Tons of bricks and bits of years gone by.
NRLC presser starts in one hour.
Hope all goes well.
why the sad faces?
you see our new snapbacks?
re: Matches Patches  didn't Hop also come out in 3D this year?
I am not a student anymore ...
I finished my masters degree two years ago and have been looking for a job since Jan.
2010
flying to DFW tomorrow!
Cool!
Get up to Boston or Portland, ME.
We could put on a sick show!
Holy shit, its so soft.
no matter what you do, much respect for your game and what you did this season.
Thanks 4 the bike lane up Admiral in W.
Sea.
not.
What a waste  it is so pleasant 2 doctorve up the hill now through potholes!
Let see what happens, i track dumped on everything.
Playing tonight at Twins Jazz Club in Washington, DC.
8  10 sets.
bubba cales says hey.
I'm his bros friend and was gonna tell you that this weekend
Dear Martins, we need to talk eblast idea that got a large open rate, but freaked out the staff...
CONGRATULATIONS on ACS's 20th!
The best yet to come:
done plz tell Justin to follow me
My worst hangover was me in a bath three inches with my head on the side of the tub.
I was afraid I would doctorwn.
Just thought of my next Halloween costume: Ken Burns.
Carry a frame around, and walk slowly towards people.
Too bad, I said it 1st.
my email is and phone is 6026240303.
Let's connect soon.
funny shit..I'm vacationing..
also turned 40..
mostly cause I can too..living the doctoram!!
I like that you guys are basically arguing over whether a playoff would be too popular and awesome.
a punter questions a qb maturity ....
pre season game rivalry talk
Todays the day!
: Definitely gonna cry today...
3
And yes, I understand how wrong contentious is for Portland, but that's too bad.
Blending in has never been my deal.
Aww sorry for not replying sooner!
I was at youth group!
:
he's getting there!
: big arms huh?
hulk big
did u get it?
I sent it marcovitz
I cant download instagram on my phone i cant find it in the andoctorod store.
What do i do!!!
Playing the new fruit ninja like its my job
It doesn't matter where you're coming from.
All that matters is where you are going to.
Stephen Covey
Time?
What's that?
but I do bad things when I am a crazy bitch like act like a crazy bitch.
: I feel calm after but full of remorse.
follows me please :  im fans of u :D 4
I had a feeling you would be excited, lol!
Yeah I'm now sure that Elvis Crespo has the same affect at Erotic City!
Of course gets it too!!!
Cheers
hearing this song brings a smile to my face:
All my followers plz follow she is my cuz, she is lucky bc I'm famous, keep up the followers and I will keep followin bak!!!
Well I guess I know what song I'll be listening 2 repeatedly for a 1/2hour.
Needed a break from jazz anyway.
album TODAY!
Help support local business and pick up your copy !
Schweet!
Just finished cool outdoor kitchen for Arciform architecture firm using our random assorted circle mosaic tile.
Want 2 C pics!
episode of big bang i havent seen yet D
just finished setting Wm Blake poem for voice and piano.
To hear my music Primalcine.com/Brian Cheverie's Music Page.html
I'm offended that you don't even remember being there...
HAH!
What the fuck man
You are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!
Dear Pope, Religion and birth control are more compatible than you may think.
Every time a condom breaks, someone learns to pray
RT : The clap turned into a standing ovation then the wave....oomf moms booty does this....
Thank you you as well!
looks like the laker fans on my timeline went to bed early as fuck
I was born in the wrong era.
The Clippers are getting cheated in their own building.
Damn shame
Downtown St Pete, FL for the night....
can't watch tonight, hockey game and bbq but i'll catch the episode tomorrow
perfect, I'd also like a shot glass, TShirt, Guiness, Jameson, some dirt in jar and a key chain.
Everything is lookin' fresh and delicious today.
Come eat at San Su!
Miami's what i'm reppin'.
Lunch Hour: NEWS: Kimchi BBQ Taco Launches Today!
I may be wrong here, but I think the household poll was 1 of many polls they used, other than the estimate poll.
: U downtown today w/ for the race?
Flagrant foul?
If chandler gets thrown out I'm not watching the playoffs anymore.
TONIGHT ONLY!
Get 1/2 off a pepperoni, sausage  pepper or eggplant  fennel pizza!
Password is INFINITY Dine in only
DOH!
soon enough :
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
sarcasm thirdeyedblindstation playing 
I think I like Khlo the best out of all the Kardashians
At birthday celebration at Sea in Bklyn.
Thai food rules!!!!!
C'mon Heat!!
Loiter Squad 
West Virginia Bound with my family : 
wait hold on.
In order, left to right.
Me, bro, sis and dad
Yes they will be there :
RT : In their contract negotiations, the Celtics should just play the Gino video until KG resigns.
Hi Every one!
Check out our brand new website!
www.aeiweb.org!
They still dodnt start my hair yet
yeah but playin lacrosse in this weather sucks
When people in your school try and tell you something about Austin, and you're just like Yep, I knew that months ago, bye.
This choir sounds like they just took all the black keys on a keyboard and tried to make harmony.
The complete pits
sorry for worrying you!

I dont know what band shirt to wear for warped.....
this is a serious problem, people
Developing powerful strikes, starts with a feel for the physical ground beneath your feet and knowing how to utilize your body's motion.
My favorite nonDisney cartoon character.
RIP Whitney.
i like beach hut and i cannot lie..
: My aunti made me some greens doctorssin mac n fried chicken bout to smash u at my mama house ?
I used to think No More Moves meant you beat Bejeweled.
Oh, what a fucking fool I once was.
Ten years ago: President George W.
Bush announced that he and Russian President Vladimir Putin would sign a treaty to shrink
never put that in my head!
I'm 18 baby.
Turn in that first cut pass
oh that sounds fun!
Thanks, , I probably never would have connected Chihuly and Chthulu without your post  now I can't avoid the similarity.
Home Front: news from the home improvement community
: Hey Kevin!
Thanks for being my first REAL follower!
I literally signed up just to follow others, but we'll see  looks fun!!!
It's the last of our CrafternoonDelight events w/ today!
Gonna be a fun day with lots of great people!
See you there!
My prayer for you today is that you walk in love, share your faith, and execute your gifts for kingdom glorification.
God bless!
Decided to start up a custom game/animation fab.
media business..can't wait to get it off the ground!
oh my gosh!
haha.
real life?!
good thing ur the professorand it wasn't an assignment you had to turn in ;
Andoctorw Luck, welcome to Indianapolis!
The Application for London Fall Semester is April 1st!
Hurry and apply now for this amazing experience!
God bless you.
We will always stand with you.
Finally home .
: 3
The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Chuck Palahniuk
I have no idea what the hell that is but still don't think it's worth it
Me too!
I love Mobwives!
Coaching's going well.
Schedule's not jampacked but working on it!
:
Good news: our floors have been buffed  waxed to a beautiful sheen.
Bad news: they aren't yet doctor, so we may open late today.
Stay tuned.
what's being done to combat car breakins in SF?
3x in two mos personally; reduces my diet to water and bread.
Thx.
Retweet!
Due to weather, tomorrow's breakfast has been moved to RitzCarlton Ballroom Salon 1  2.
women that suck dick with comndoms on....how does nonoxynol9 taste???
Ha.
That's funny.
Love.
RT : There's another Republican debate tonight?
I thought they were against assisted suicide?
but i care about you.
that's all that matters c:
He's done on Tuesday.
Are you done yet in St Louis?
Edward Norton, where have you been lately??
Happy Bday Tim!
RT : Happy Birthday to Angels' PR Machine Tim Mead
Hey everyone!
SMH.
I have the typical male response to all the judgy ppl.
I will kick somebody's a if they say something LOL!
As much as I hated band in the past, I really am gonna miss it.
I love how introduced me to his friends: Remember how I talk a lot about hugs?
This is her.
I think you mean Tom Hanks
Yupp I think Donald is going home.
And kids are so proud of their casts.
They get their classmates and friends to sign them.
your uncle and I went to the Rockies game tonight
Guys who get really into sports and yell at the TV 
the big question: to map one comprehensive transit map tool, or map diverse mapping tools/apps?
transpo thanks
Why do people insist on pronouncing his name reimhold.
There's no h  if anyone is holding him, it's me
cooking.
yes.
I really want to read the book Information Diet
How sweet!
Thanks!
I can keep secrets.
ss.
;
it's definitely a tear?
You can sponsor a Twitter party?
RT It's commercial time, but the party isn't missing a beat!
Brt to u by Salon.com
teacherswe want to follow you!
Mention us and if you have a picture  bio related to K12 Ed we'll follow back!
YES and YES
God doesnt give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need
Just turned in my Traffic Director app for !
LAStageTalks Readings have become a genre of their own got a big response.
Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed.
Yes he is!
All kinds of fine.
sweet!
I'll check that stuff out.
I can send you some of my blofeld patches too, once I figure out how to dump a patch
Sweet potatoes are great for healthy vision  they contain Vitamin A, C, B12, and E.
Let the GAMES begin!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
24hours !!!!!!
43
Just checked out the blog, you got an awesome looking site!
G'Morning
ARIANA3 you're such a princess, please tweet me back!
i love u mucho3 i hope you see this :3
.
.
.
ALYSSA WTF DO IT.
If you have ever listened to me before, listen to me now omfg.
IThankGod that He is a trending topic on twitter!
Let's go Body of Christ!
Let's exalt the name of Jesus !!!
In the doctorwhit bristny
Going to sleep in my monkey hat...
Don't judge me.
MKSAP: 36yearold woman with a history of migraine
What's the news?
it's such a good feeling, isn't it.
:
i just read that is going to judge on the next season of the x factor.
i feel like a child for how excited i am right now...
WTH!!??
Ntelos is underneath USC and they have the iPhone and USC doesn't come on USC get the iPhone!
Smell is to the 5 senses as Tito was to the Jackson 5.
Fixing an RV has never been so sad.
I has a hot dog!
So hard to get ROI in training, but take a look at the benefit
I admire my mom for having two jobs and being a single mom doing it all .
I love her !
now i knw he has someone look  his tweets
RT : Want to join and put finishing touches on the Exhibit Wed evening?
DM us if so
seersucker is always adorable
Starting off my Monday morning with some basketball :
Gays in here be looking like Juan Gabriel eww I said eww!!!!!!!
CIVIL surgeon Mary Walker Evans  TONIGHT!
Ohio Chautauqua on the Commons, Chester, SR 248
sleep now...
All the brothas got doctorads shoulda kept my hair lol
while you're on you're PS3 maybe you can finally add me as your friend lol.
Good game btw lol.
They predictable now.
I'm not even shocked at the shit they say these females doing these days.
Migraines are not normal.
There is an underlying problem.
I'm sure tolkein would be astonished and annoyed.
Hollywood it's not art it's
Stepford wife Michelle Bachmann on Sunday talk shows.
No threat to Obama here.
Next.
i should just go to bed since no one is replying
So tired.
Night y'all.
Just saw a commercial for adult gummy vitamins.
If you're taking these, you have bigger issues than vitamin deficiency.
By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle
Where it's at tonight??
Alright!
Text me tomorrow!
if he doesn't work, we'll go!
:
The pacific ocean is cold.
this was an outstanding show!
bad day for sports
RT Houston has never been the same without ya : Things are good, but I think about to get crazy better :/ Iyou
Headache at work!!
Need sleep
Obama2012.
Ah yeah.
I'm in like Ray Flynn at the Vatican, smelling like gin, without sin, to beat the Republicans  Word to David Axe
that's great glad for you can't wait to see you Saturday 
first bitch i ever loved played me like a guitar, to help me cope i stuff the strongest reefer in my cigar, Money aint so funny no mo lol
I wish i was there also baby.
I miss you terriably :
Whee, a day full of arguing with people I respect!
That awkmoment when you see you spelt something wrong in one of your last tweets....
I would die, pee, cry, die, mourn, die, pee, cry,and, cry, get into a big depression and start yelling CONSPIRACY LoL!
hahahah that's too funny
Your finances appear to be in a similar status to our own.
We wish you glad tidings this season.
gwu ZeBi opens tomorrow in the brand new Ames Hall.
Stop by for breakfast, lunch, or dinner from 8630.
It was a great weekend to get out and do something fun.
What did you do this weekend?
Who has bike parts??
Wtf.....What r talking about......ASIAN

Friday!
Live at !
Holler for list  bottles  hugs ;
ALERTHUGE PICK TODAY PLAYERS TRADES SUBPENNYBOOM IS COMING 3PM AFPW TYPE RUN BUT POTENTIALLY BIGGERBE AROUND 3PM EST
not stressful,
If it has a cool meaning I'll use it.
What's the meaning to the word smitten
And that was a very generous response to O'Donnell's lame question.
CD Release Party at BLUES ALLEY November 29th!!
It's the Seattle home opener today, and the weather couldn't be better.
Go M's!
open time
I can't wait until has another acoustic show here.
his music keeps me going.
3
Totally.
Blooms and birds singing.
Anything newsworthy happening today that you've captainred?
Good Morning TweeterPeeps!
How Are You Guys Doing?
Just A Reminder New Shake It Up With Guest Dancers Winners Of Make Your Mark AKSquared!
You'd think a different college was better if you went there too.
Pointing out what makes UW better also makes you look like a douchebag.
Can finally see normally again after getting the doctorps at the eye doctors today, 5 hours later, sheesh
hey, whatever works to bring you over to the dark side
Happy New Year to all of my students!
Much success in your college search process.
Remember there is no ONE perfect college.
Debate matchup 2:  vs.
on virtual vs.
onsite visitors
Lol my mom bought the legit cutest nail polish removers
...forever It would be the biggest Garden ever because I Love To Laugh  Smile !
: :D XD
Tuesday's schedule is full now.
Still have openings on Wednesday.
Keep in mind latest prediction good chance of rain on Thursday.
Lmao you know you a real fan when you play a video game against the team that beat your team and destroy them.
I used to do that w/ da lions
Who do u like better Miami Heat or New York Knicks?
thanks for the RT
What a pretty group of ladies!
Should we try  watch it at Conojitos Sunday?
Family Table in Osceola for best tenderloins!
done my workout,my cardio,back 2 my pool,try 2 tan my ass !!!!
I do not understand settling for shitty, unappetizing food, just because it's free.
Especially when there is a Five Guys across the street.
Michael Ealy know he is fine as hell and I dnt even do lightskin
Oh to live in an age when acronyms don't determine program names...
Check out Rackspace Email, I think that's what you're looking for.
Crushing Malbec  Cab Franc today.
Only an hour  15 mins and i'm off work!
Can't wait.
I actively seek out bands and go to shows...
I couldn't tell you what 99.9 of their web sites look like!!
F CONTROL!!!
Grow up and have an adult conversation, please.
Newt rewrites the old Willie Nelson classic as Me and Ron.
Congrats Yo on landing that Higurea style contract after your 1 fluke season...
Music is my story
The days I have work all day are the days it's the nicest outside
My first experience
have a great party.
What time does it last until/
but does it work??
I didn't watch videos or listen to rap music until 1999 ...CTFU
and by coach you mean he designed the uniforms for that league?
We haven't seen any eyecare people using it yet.
Are you?
RT : Instagram on track to hit 100M users, joining LinkedIn Twitter  FB
Aw GoodNight Hun!
I love you!
: xoxo
So is on a following spree?
: we love you nick!
TI AMO3
You know it's time to turn off the game when Aldoctorch dunks over the whole team.
Looking to Game 2.
Apartment hunting in Mountain View...
Schizophrenic weather today.
sometimes the simple things should just stay simple!
I can has owl fire!
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 12
RT : Travel editors have to stay nimble to serve where readers are, how needs change, new platforms
when the other guys get a haircut it's not much of a big deal, but when pat get's one it's like part of him is missing...
i don't know
looks like he did...
: Looks like he didn't get that off.
Need a solution for outdoor power?
Check out our products from Solis Energy!
www.SolisEnergy.com
forgot to mention this sexy professorle pic!
What r u watching?
There finally changing prescotts name to Prescott Junior High
aye!
Lol shiiiit.
Actually.
You gotta go to ballentine at all today?
I can grab somethin quick.
I love LA 3
Thank you so much for tweeting this.
It was necessary.
At the canal!
Its hot as fuck outside tho.
Baby Bee Body Bar available 4/28
Fat suit or postpregnancy January Jones?
Everybody acting like Peyton was never here...
yes I'm happy for Luck but look here boys and girls......
Good morning Twitter buddies:
I'd so call you
Butler opened as an 8.5 point favorite tonight against the Green Bay Phoenix.
Thanks for coming out to College Night everyone!
We will have Family Night tomorrow starting  5pm.
Free 4pc nuggets for your Lil' One...
I've already passed them on to I was hoping to get a little something more.
HT
Damn you, Coachella, for being so expensivo!
Google hangouts are a good idea.
/cc
How are the 120 ppl chosen for the QA w/ Goodell?
Oddly, even with the exchange rate, 0 American is also 0 Canadian.
I'm super excited, as well!!
RT Super Excited to meet the legendary Comedy Guru this weekend!
in the words of the ever eloquent Keha: I like your beard
Did you ever finish Complications by ?
Russian Deposit Files: Expect: 49 seconds...
48 seconds...
47 seconds....
Ryan  that's not KRod.
That's Frank Francisco from the Blue Jays.
Ebooks are not going away, so think about the experience you want and buy your ereader accordingly.
Its gotta be you only you
Rise and shine...
MVP say what ?!?!?
Couldn't have done it without my team by my side !
lovethem secondfamily 
no problem :
hey I just couldn't do it man, I've had the name for 7 months now i believe....but I have changed my blogs name
1 bilion?
Wow.
That's the most I've heard so far.
Earlier, it was only 300 million.
And jail for top execs?
We'll see.
RT : Very excited for next week's artist announcement!
I know u have ideas of who u'd like on the lineup  let em fly!
aw, I miss you love bug!
We most certainly do have a girlmance forever and always.
Come visit already!!
Xoxo
My brother is cutting his own hair.
..250 units, residential  commercial ..
4 stories w/ parking deck.
Will have to exit the hood via Old Concord
I'M GOING TO ALLWAYZ BE YUNG RICH LIKE A TATTOO AND 4 YOU NIGGAS HATING FINSH DOING YOU
i wish i had enough money to need a money manager.
After that, I wish that person to be as cool as yours.
Good morning tweeter!
: Today feels like it's going to be a good week
Beleive In Yourself :
i'm very hyper and odd atm.
sorry.
She was covered by a towel haha she got locked out
as of right now, we aren't doing sponsorships but we'll keep you posted when we do
Thanks for the RT love !
My writing fiction class is making me want to read again.
My bucket list of books has gotten bigger, so much to read, so little time!
me too babe ;
Thank you!
RT : Yes I have.
My only Yelp review, and of course it's a great one.
When my dad shook Chris's hand it kinda got awkward.
lolol
Is something wrong with me?
I read one of snookis tweets and got chills..Chills are only supposed to be reserved for Oprah and cute kittens!
If I ever DO make it I ll never be famous I'm a low key guy...staying under the radar doing my thing
Happy Birthday dear!!
Hope it's the best one yet!!
xoxo
Lmao thanks bro
NATO, G8 In Chicago: Mayor Hints At City Dollars For Closed Businesses, Then Reverses Course  Huffington Post With massive protests and
I'm glad I was the only person in the doctorssing room when I Try came on and I needed to bust out my inner Macy Gray.
Another hour and a half to go and a night off.
I need it.
RT : Elle McPherson arrived and suddenly the GoldenGlobes redcarpet turned into the Victoria Secret fashion show....
Rookie Blue comes back on the last day of school!
:D yayyyyyyy
Billy Joel blew the doors off with his piano skills and the duets were amazing!
Great to see such talent.
Honestly, if I had gone to elementary school with you, I too would pretend like I didn't know you...
:D love ya bud lol
thanks a bunch!
feel free to give suggestions.
the project is in very active development
you will love everything about this story.
Chat on Sunday?
The River Campus is a great place!
Let me know if you have any questions I can help with at all.
that, or it would also be identifiable as part of a URL.
Call me Mikey Mook
Love is the syntax between what exist  what does not.
This gives us meaning, for a life without love, is one not worth living.
very few people get what the hell I'm talking about.
Hell, half the time I don't even know.
enigmatic dumb jokes
.
Watching film should be easy after this week's performance!
Don't say that!
He's fine.
We took him to Falls Road Animal Hospital.
I'm going to name him Charlie.
Because he was charred
You lol he said so its bad for tha late nite kickin it ?
I agree god first, but I thought god taught us to have faith in each other??
So by believing in him we most also believe in us
Updating all the 20122013 finaid night handouts today.
Lots of changes this year.
The group was looking forward to sharing their experience and our story at Gemeinhardt with other fellow music dealers!
The StyleLikeU clip so cool!
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!!
Send a request my way!
Furthermorewhat was in that dude's pants who sang w/her?
A burrito?
can you please please please please follow me back?
i'll give you some nutella :3
my limited exposure has been in between channel changes but thats enough.
Teen sues Facebook bullies for libel
go Follow Please!!!!3
email us at ASAP!
We've been finding a few rare, isolated issues, but we're resolving them quickly.
Oh VoiceOver, Ily.
Nothing like waking up and recording weird, creative voices bringing characters to life!
My neighbors probably hate me.
Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like...giving them an extra bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
CLIPPERNATION STAND UP Battle Cry!!
RT : Ok team...
Strap up...
We r going 2 war...
We need y'all
back to the hospital.
I am trying to do to much and trying to impress to many professorssors.
I need to just take a break.
True that.
TGIFbeen a long week!
FF to the survivors!!
I hope there's a fireman around, when your singing cause you're smoking !
Just listened to Queen's Corner on your site.
Great song.
Are you going to make a music video for it?
Sure : RT : Hi : follow our Brazilian fan club dedicated to the Elektrolytes, please
am wondering what they mean when they say recovery?
What recovery?
Whose recovery?
Where is this happening?
After a day off, its back to shooting episodes 12 for webseries.
Checou out our progress at www.CigaretteCinemas.com
no i just finished taking my chemistry test online
Designer Roller shades have reinvented the traditional roller shade with modern styling and design.
There is an insane Somali man at my bus stop  spends every morning shouting insults at everyone in earshot.
gosh!
i just love love music so much!!!33 :D
long tme i hvnt gone on twitter!
im back!
but I'm allergic to icecream!
lol
That homey would be
I hate doctorving so much.
Wade led the Heat with 31 points, Chris Bosh added 23 and Lebron James scored 14 and had 14 rebounds in the big win.
During the thing this Chinese lady was arguing about something other than her speeding on the high way dumb ass
We should feel sad for We should pity him.
And I don't really think he's paying attention in school.
We want to make it easy for music from the islands to have a longer reach into the mainland.
We are all about expanding the island sound
I'm not living LiFE .
I'm not living RiGHT .
I'm not living if you're not by my SiDE .
STILL IN THE LAB WORKING
John Dalhback at Mansion tonight.
Someone hook me up with a fake ID!!
im all for watching the nba.
But if you call college ball mediocrity, then you clearly have no respect for the game itself and your
You're just jealous.
;
She does see you  she is with you.
RT : I'm sad my gran isn't here to see me doing this.
She'd be happy.
yup!!
Still no coffee though :
The side job that pays my bills has been keeping me busy.
I really need to tweet more.
But I also think tweeting has killed my blog writting
You know you just like fuckin when you start forgettin names and times of bitches you done fucked
Australian PM, Julia Gillard, didn't bow or curtsy to the Queen of England!
she shook her hand.
Thank you for retweeting!!
I didn't know who Dick Smith was until just this minute but I 3 him
holler at that one.
ACCEPT UR FUCKING GORGEOUS.
RVA Good Morning Sunshine!
just in time to host the cards at home and widen the lead
Rockford College, in northern Illinois!
And thanks!
Sometimes I Forget by Kinsey Sadler 2 worldwide request on SoundCloud / Resnik Music Group this week.
A5 grads should also seek out the A.D., attempt to help generate revenue from nonrevenue sports.
LOL!!
And make sure to buckle up!!
:P And I'm sure it will.
Hey!they should take the wins from paterno during that time,leaving eddie robinson as the winningest coach.this is terrible!!!
Took a day off from coding yesterday.
Looking forward to diving back in tonight.
Can't make it in tonight but come Sunday the Globe is going to turn into the Chicauldoctorn
omg how cutes
Pepsi MAX Field of doctorams game is TOMORROW, 6p, at Huntington Park!
Come see some of the biggest names in baseball!
I almost had a mental breakdown...
Really?
V.v : i just found out ciggs can cause cancer
Sometimes i play the villan sometimes im the hero sometimes im the deala sometimes im play pre mo sometimes i be feelin i got a big ego
Send me a message anyone who want 2 talk:
Yesterday we made 8 or so batches of lip balm.
Need to make 3 more batches of NEW flavors today.
Stay tuned for the flavor announcements!
Heat game2 tom!!
3 dubs away from the sweep let's get it!!
Will I be going to Miami to work for 5 months?...this is so sudden, I just don't know what to do!!!!
I know, sad.
And it was just starting to get it's swimming legs.
LiesIvToldMyParents , Ill be back in a minute , or Im gonna clean my room , or My homework is done .......
Lol.
Sorry.
I miss the times when I'd come on twitter and didn't have about 2 million followers that clogged my timeline
Buffalo Springfield needs bengay and a lung replacement
Tweet us your questions for Well pose them during her lecture tonight at 6:30pm.
30sum pound One year old sleeping on top of ya...
kid this was fun when you was one month old..
now I just can't breath D:
I don't believe my eyes

check out Good shop located in Atlanta

Its a great quote ...
TRUTH 3
oh fuck.
i hate when that happens.
will need young kids for The Color Purple!
Stay tuned.
Tonight is Pro Teacher night!
Wish I felt well enough to stick around for that.
: Melissa Wald is speaking!
Come on out!
I love it
We definitely do lots of going places  so terrific for following interests, new things, books, objects.
goodluck to you too,'babe..
Break a leg crack lol
Looking for firmware engineers familiar with the CSR BC5 platform.
Contact me if interested!
Referred a client to you who should be calling tomorrow..
Gime em your usual A service!!
you guys are great!
Art Crawl, downtown LA
Buckeye Nation  STAND UP!!!
We Earned it...wow!!!
Album is not good at all...
RT Oh, El Producto...
How I've missed thee....
Cancer For Cure 
LOL.
Is that sarcasm, my friend?!
sorry to hear that!
:o
Like us  www.facebook.com/teamtwilightuk :
Right?!
Just...
maybe in ten years when that age gap isn't so sketch.
lmao!
Maybe Melo could make a career turnaround if he came here like most black holes lol
Starbucks before work yess dammit I'm makin this a daily habit but oh well ima workn woman nd i need my caffeine
Got a text from someone that wants too get me doctornk and take advantage of me
I could be in a better mood right now 
guess what!
, i'm free till Monday!
It takes a lot of strength to do this, but more than anything strength is the motive.
You might ask what her motive is.
We loved it because parking was easy and it was never busy...
uh oh
I made it through a Friday the 13th with no issues.
Hangin up the phone and callin back a few hours later .
thats childish
After a weekend of nonstop Incan ruins and markets, we're about to start work at the libraries!
Can't wait to dig in.
because obviously you like it duh...
And you're cute :
I would care!
It might make spots more competitive though.
Or I could just run certain dates by you :
People shouldn't burn bridges and then turn around and ask for help across.
Congrats to and everyone else involved that I couldn't find on twitter on your great work in Deathtrap.
not appropriate for any private club I've been to, but if the local muni allows them, go for it if you want.
Brevity may be the soul of wit, but the ability to hold the attention of the long copy reader may be equally impressive.
Miss ya tonight
What is your plans this weekend?
Count Down For KonEZee pizza in a Kone to hit the road
Ilovewhenyou wake up and see new hashtags like
wicked tasty turkey  brie sando en route to BOS.
thank you for edible food and interwebs !
To bad the aren't playing on their home turf.
I remember when...
thankyou so much
yes.
That was a spam message.
Sorry :
Bookworm Room  Obama39;s peculiar definition of courage vis a vis ...

Is ready to get faded
I Swear You Is Badd
theyy are cooking her up!
I think they all think I look for a gag reflex and thicken liquids.
Octavia Spencer!
Well deserved best actress in supporting role.
After several stops we're on our last stop now getting some to go breakfast at Jollibee then go straight home!
2 Ice cold 3s by Philly to take the lead on those Stinking Heat....
No sweep for you
thank you, thank you.
We are boozehounds, so stupidly doctornk is what usually transpires!
you are good.
I can't even force myself.
Ugh
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:v26
Folks gotta get up on Twisted Sister to really know what that means.....
:
I sometimes meow randomly.
Meow 
I may be old school, but is awesome.
I love when it has the latest bollywood music :.
Yay.
:D I'll be there!
20 miles at Legacy Trail ..
13 for  7 more for ..Great Day ..
lots of runners out.
Training for 11 mile trail run in Oct any tips on getting into great running shape?
Or ways to stick on a running schedule when super busy?
Heat average 7 points less a game w/o Bosh and show 6 worse from the field.
He's the only legit big the Heat have
thinks I found a new favorite artist, if your not up on Chocolate, look her up.
You won't be dissapointed!
can't wait to meet and see you perform at teen hoot!
You are so amazing!
Love you 21
Laid back time...
He did me wrong but made me strong.
At work.great day,mite go buy my self a lil somethin after I get out of this place.
THANK YOU so much.
It's means so much!
:
All day power outage.
Managed till noon on battery backup.
Forced off the grid since.
Running on acid fumes now.
Yay!
Chennai.
/facetious.
Bouta roll to this concert by myself.
Hoping for a little catharsis.
Something deep.
Test was easier than I thought it would be...
IT'S TIME MOTHERFUCKERS
Coming to town to taste some cupcakes?
; Either way, there's so much to do in Hoboken It's like roc Park Ave meets NYC!
Just saw someone lock up their stroller at Disneyland.
I've never seen anyone do that.
Never lend money to frogs.
They like to keep their greenbacks.
thinks she's cute;
Simple exercise tip: Go for an evening walk after dinner.
Bring your family with you!
FF my dad
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR SOL.
33333.
Anyone have any favorite ways to cook up sword fish?
slow day at the office or are just twitter bombing for the fun of it?
I'm thinking about getting really into rating amazon products that I haven't purchased.
GYM TIME...
Gotta give people some sort of inspiration at the beach  Pool parties this summer....
Godgiven
I dont believe you have to be better than anybody else.
I believe you ve to be better than you ever thought you could be
RT : OneNote is a magnificent program for organizing informationefficient and easy on tablet pc.
Just wish the info were cloudac ...
i feel so prayed for and looked after nd guided just by loving u, u try to fight and be special but u shudnt becuz u r thats u
My customer said he doesnt need his warranty ext.
till 13, bcuz the world is ending in'12, HE been watching 2 many movies!!LOL
Artichoke  shaq's mom
Um you forgot me/3
yeah, mel said to dm you guys if we wanted info about the boys being in ny
:o you come to Nashville the day Justin Bieber's new cd comes out.
That's Gonna be a pretty freakin awesome day!
x :D
Cogitate seems about due for a revival.
The world could definitely use some more cogitating.
less than one week
RT : Follow These Guys Chicago : Very beautiful apartments.
Very.
Are you a fan of Christ or a follower ?
Theres a difference
its been one heck of a day.
Time to meet up with that chiropractor of mine.
:
THANKS for that!
And for the RT.
Hope you know how much it's appreciated.
Lots!
:
wakeup the movie PR starts next week with screen shots, sound bites, Out takes, and our website is going to get an overhall.
God knows I love my black sistas....GOD KNOWS I DOES....But if I ever run into Charlize Theron or Lucy Liu....sigh
4 followers more?
C:
If babymoma man not on shit who fault is that???
However, Scott Walker has more votes than Barrett and Falk combined in the recallwalker election right now.
momstrosity is whisper yelling at her ex again today, but it is noisy in here and hard to hear.
Congrats to inaugural class.
Looking forward to Demo Day!
RT we picked our class and we are stoked!
Wanna get on the Party Bus?
Meet us at the corner of Sheffield and Belmont at 9.30 tonite!
Free ride!
See ya at tonite!
2 jobs  a wedding is doctorving my mind  body crazy!
But I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Not feeling good, but I still know I'm
hahaha that would be awesome!!
Just opened new Toni Morrison novel Home.
Dedication page reads: Slade.
Look forward to seeing/hearing her in Philly.
Hey I would love to come to ur bday party in my fav city in the states, my birthday is on oct 23.
lol : 
'm looking toget some press for thisweekends marathon inAustin.I'm doing blindfolded for charity!
Im on google earth and Im lookin at your housee x its so gorgeouse  you have a lovely street ill come  live there one day xx
is proud to be the Official Coconut Water of this weekend's Los Angeles Triathlon!
Stay hydoctorted, triathletes!
OscarsRedCarpetLiveSpecial makes me want to cut my hair off!!!
Ah!!!
He already choked man
Stubbs can be frustrating at times, but not time to give up on him.
Bailey has been fine this year minus his last start.
2011.10.13 Brewers 4 Cardinals 2 after 6  Cards come up empty / Uecker says on radio / Randy Wolf works well.
Should I go to LA LIVE wit my Celtics Gear on?
Sag argues that non expressive uses meet four factors of fair use
...up all nite.
Asking God of He can pause time for a couple days.
I could use it
My baby cousin Lexi is so cute!
:
nf And thanks!
Many people have inquired if they can publish their own works on ReadPrint.com  As such we've began work on a selfpublishing feature.
Mom in law is the best!
Plus, she can cook her butt off.
Sunday dinner, here we come!
can you download it as a podcast?
Or do you have to listen on site?
Thanks.
Thanks for sharing.
That's an interesting article.
AW
W/ no dedicated space, little institutional support, Fulwiler  Middleton create.
Networked Teaching Commons
missing u guys at fridays : just not the same.
Hope all is well.
sweats, two shirts and some.
Under clothes, next time I will text u when I go
Have a great Friday!!
Make the best use of your time and spend time with people you love!
Bored AF!
I should have a conversation with an insomniac.
was great as the emcee.
Had me lol a lot.
Appreciated time you spent chatting w/ athletes.
At this point, we're going to have to shift the Betancourt Can he play short?
meme to Can he play first?
Dont Miss!
What I Love About America on youtube,amazon.com,itunes, Rhapsody,Napster,CD Baby,Lala, Cd connection, Iphone Music, google more!
Really, I understand you're sad, but please.
We don't need a status about every emotional thought you have.
I have been listening to that for at LEAST 2 hours tonight!
On replay!
And on YouTube watching your videos!.: Iloveyou:
hell maw.they better not!
threat!
RT : Keep everything organized, having instant access to search your entire set of notes  I love OneNote unconditionally!
www.
...
seattle is crazy today.
there's this bright ball of fire in the sky, shining on the city.
let me know when that pop off
well, i am a FatAss and I like their food!
:D
Happy!
I've been selected to guest judge Engineering Society Detroit's Future Cities comp.
Can't wait to see the kids designs!
Come by for some Champagne or Hot Buttered Whiskey and celebrate the New Year tonight with us  We are open until 10pm with full VF Menu
Congratulations to Assistant Risha, Employee of the Month!
can't leave!
She just can't!!
Best of both worlds: 1,400 words on Chicago hot dog stand collusion?
I wish KU fans would shut the fuck up.
You are no better than
twitter makes football 100000000x funnier
You too!
Just had a nice 5 days off, hate to come back to work.
Only 607 days to go.
So exited , 13 Days to Christmas 3
Everybody on dick now.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, I don't wanna!
:
Woke up with a scratch on my nose.
I don't own a cat.
Damn you Jameson.
: I vomitted after that finals match today.
What disappointment!
Sure, in the USA take a look at www.appliedsportpsych.org or for UK www.bases.org.uk both routes are universally accepted.
Stupid phone sent variations on a tweet three times.
Apologies.
Probably Bones.
You?
Free trip to China?
2 shows next week, blue room Thursday and lovin' cup Saturday
Making sloppy Joe's for dinner!
MY FAVORITE!
She's always here for me and I'm always here for her
Indeed but tis a passing thing, this shadow.
I still have to do homework ...
Just heard an early Todd Edwards tune on a Scion iQ commercial.
crazy.
Nobody gives you a dollar or chance in this old town.
40 for FNM Tonight!
Come on down next week to join the fun!
It's hot af.
So true.
doctor calm weekend, unfortunately.
Maybe hope for a good freak summer thunderstorm tho :
Thanks, James
starting now w getting back in tune
Two ships passing in the night: NYT questions whether they should act as truth vigilantes.
The Onion gives a sloppy wet kiss to Norquist.
Sorry all for the erroneous messages the last few days my acct got hacked.
I promise that i did not send any spam messages.
Tree problem on Taylor's Ferry causing big delays SB Macadam Ave/Hwy 43.
it!
Are the weekends the best for you?
doing well...
how r u?
Internet is finally working after almost a week.
Thank you person on the phone named Jodi!
How are the Lakers and Black Mamba doing?
Ohh okay..
Party People in the House Tonight!!
Everybody's gonna have a GOOD TIME!!
..And we gon make U Lose ur mind!!!!
...
Shake That!!
2011!!
That's what I heard.
yep, she's been my asst for years, now proud to do it herself.
We stay in the room of course, but she's learned to be safe
Gearing up for Deas Vail, Love of Everything, Sick of Sarah, Now Now, Max Dvorak, Loftland,  The Daze THIS WEEK at Redamte Coffee House!
All good.
Hope all is well
Mercedes, NICE!
Bringing in the wild, outofthebox stuff to help Vera...
Sharp  hit Bulls this a.m at 4....leaning towards Spurs
C'mon out tonight 2 Puckett's Downtown Nashville tonight 7:309:00.
Hear some music  get you some good southern food.
Hope 2 see you there!
I Love You In Blue, I Love You In Red, But Most Of All I Love You In Bed ;
It is beautiful outside!
RT : Looking out the window...
I want to be outside!!!
YOU HAVE A PROBLEM.
IT'S JUST A PHONE
FACTorget the pastccept the presenthange the futurehen smile : 
That is about what our apartment was this morning.
We've already turned our heat off.
was about 2 weeks for me!
thanks for the FF!
see you Sunday!
OKAY BETCH LEMME GO OVER THE CLARKSON RESIDENCE RN CUZ WE BEST FRANZ AND I'LL TELL HER TOO haha
Movie Review: The Lucky One Jinxed by FarFetched Plot Review in a Hurry: Zac Efron has fallen in love with Taylor Schilling before he's
im cool with the teacher aha  im done with everything so she said for the rest of the year to check in then i could leave ;
Without honor, victory is hollowswcw
and that FDOTUS gag is ancient
UPCOMING: Sept.
17th Bring a plain tshirt to the Museum  add Silicon Valley style w fusionwear on the spot!
AbsoluteZERO Festival
been there
I want to be friends with you!
Tina get in the groove bro!
I was dancin:
Tonight!
Have a laidback evening at , 8:30pm
What are your top AV forums?
Everyone seems to have a favorite.
RT : You cant be Mark Zuckerberg and excel in healthcare, you have to be able to relate to people.
I need to get this bump on my back checked out.
Party planning as we speak....!
is it online yet?
link?
Are you still watching fringe?
Tonight is gonna be sweet!
If he fucks u raw the first time, just think who he fucked raw the last time!
Safe sex is great sex!
I know I am a AUSTINITE but I bleed Green and Gold!!!
RG3 is going to win the Heisman Trophy!
Baylor killed it today!
WAHOO
happy easter day!!!!
:D
I have no heart or soul then as I'm still alive.
I'm watching your interview with Lady GaGa.
Interesting.
Time to do a report in honor of Trayvon Martin!
RIP!
OneTimeInPalestine those in Gaza could fish the sea without being assassinated by Israeli snipers.
Why am I watching 4 yen year olds behave like Chris Brown or something for money pft America minis behaviour my sister informs me
sounds interesting...
Watching mtv woop
A SHOUTOUT TO MY NEW FOLLOW U ROCK
Omg my shoulder :
and we miss our wonderful intern, Aaron!
aww lol I apologize haha ,Is he lost again ??
Very cool, great PR idea by Head  Shoulders.
thank you very much
Lol my mama said she spread the news like WiFi
For the Stanley Cup Finals in order I want...
1.
KingsRangers...
2.
CoyotesRangers...
3.
KingsDevils...
4.
CoyotesDevils.
Hey guys.
This is Todd.
NEW FEATURE: 10 DAY FORECASTS are now live!!
/hourly10day/ and /forecast10day/
New outdoor seating coming soon to EggfastOSU!!
New cover of is posted on the FB page.
SE readers are the best in the world  but you knew that.
:D
send 'em Graham.
Megan Good Ass!
Las vegas on march 29th...
yeah, why not!
And it begins...
can't wait to see the beautiful bride realtimewedding ;
WORD.
RT : Just realized most people operate on a what can you do for me basis.
Fck being a brand, be a person first.
Dang, Miami must've gotten shut down after I started my show.
55 in the beginning of the 4th?
my dad says sushi is japan's greatest invention
Storage Ottomans for Your House DecorHome Blog  storage ottomans
this is great :
right now, i'm just another face in the crowd / but i'd rather be on stage facing the crowd
Way to go Avon!
County Champs!3
Quintana looks angry so i think latimore will fall..daugnestraudamus spoke..fight time!
it's only true :3
waching Scott Pilgrim VS the World with Tina.this movie is oustandingly random.
If something does not work, next time do the opposite!
So I was and others playing ball.
Had a good time : God is good ALL the time!
thanks all those who supported us to launch, and then those who helped entrepreneurs on our site!
If Katy Perry had said no...
Niall wouldn't be in One direction.
/3
Sunday fundayy.
Breaking out a mini sundoctorss..
80 degree weather I'm ready for you.
Its really cold .
thanks for following!!!!
xoxo
RT : Statistics are no substitute for judgment Henry Clay
Free hugs!
Come and get 'em!
Thanks for the follow!!!
TEAMCOOLWITHME lol
Im such a bad twitfriend but speech therapy and saynplay keeping me very busy.SayNPlay now being carried by laureate learningoh happy days!
Did you know the trunk of an elephant can hold up to two gallons of water?
trying
Congrats...
and Happy Canada Day
I no u don't sleep much but it's Friday u ain't got no job and u ain't got stuff to do
Am I not worth more then that?
yes i'm part of the YRL social media team.
why what up?
any news about bringing in the root beer Gus soda?
Went to the new Baltimore today.
It was brilliant.
Highly recommended, but not very busy.
Must be the lack of advertising.
The Purple Sage is probably the only thing about HS that I get nostalgic about.
oh lucky guess..
And it was on my floor!
great question
Moralizing and morals are two entirely different things and are always found in entirely different people.
Don Herold
send some music in make sure it's clean CEO DJ Grimm
Happy Easter everyone.
Why do we narrow down presidential candidates?
Why not skip primaries  simply vote on 1 day, with all candidates on the same ballot??
Definitely not authentic.
Glad you enjoyed the food!
My mum's op was really good,she feels much better now I guess she comes out of hospital Tomo : Just wanted to tell ya :
what do you think about interactive widgetbased apps in the cloud?
Luke Scott lines out to Gonzo.
End of the inning
doctorft budget: hope to hire 8 new FT staff for center by 201415, including exec dir., marketing dir., and fundoctoriser by next year.
So ready!!
Lol RT : thanks for coming to the gym with me.
THAT'S directed towards you...
Not saying today was the best or something I just liked the tweet yea
Get TAN TODAY!
Specials Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE!
Buy 10 Instants for 99!
LOTION and MEMBERSHIPS on SALE TOO!
Inspiration is receiving, inhaling.
Expression is giving, exhaling.
Existence is a living art form.
I breathe, therefore I create.
Tools for building future audiences.
Yep, that's a big one.
Home loan borrowing costs rose about as much as they could today without having it negatively impact CURRENT MARKET...
Getting ready for E.
roc parade.
Too hot for this tonight
From now until we close at 8pm, a free Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery donut if you mention this post.
:
call of duty and diet snapples ?
its gonna be a god day 
Is the future of education in the cloud?
How's it going?
Been a minute.
it's like 8 bucks to mail a package!
that's like...
8 tacos at jack in the box, dude.
we need a plan...
thanks for the follow!!
Always happy to connect with great minds in the industry!
; Keep in touch!
Shopping with the ladies:
Just finished brainstorming some custom recommendations for and They will be in email tomorrow!
Hope everyone at SLHS had a great experience at prom....
Thanks for showing me around the boston startup scene, Paul!
Great meeting you!
Tweet me Get Austin Mahone Verified and ill RT it!!!!
: Still missing that lost hour?
What's your secret caffeine cure for the day?
TCB white mocha, to bad there is no TCB here!
I think there is something wrong if you don't like big lips.
.
.
Maybe it's just because I love lips..
Lincoln Park Pub on 14th and Starkweather!
I'm cool haha
i didn't slap you...i just simply highfived your face xD
Love ya!
You have a great week too!!!
When is the birthday party again?
I misplaced my invite  but we got it!
May shall be a fun month.
I wish would tweet me :'
Totally!
Good morning Janis, how was mother's day?
why is that ?
Recruit specialists and execs on Linkedin groups validate/expand participant professorles on Facebook
I'm a counselor, mentor and friend to others
Stop!
Or My Mom Will Shoot
Ok, I know two wrongs don't make a right.
So, what's the number?
50?
75?
I'm on 32.
good hanging yesterday.
reminded me of our first date.
I feel like a majority of this trip has consisted of waiting for public transportation and sitting in vehicles for 40 thousand hours 
one direction
You've never cried to me before like this Chase..I'm on my way..
Don't make me regret this okay?
Thank you
follow back
WOW Chicago...
Wow
Jerry Coleman Thats Hendoctorcks th home run.
One more and he reaches double figures.
: The Goonies in math!
I coulda invited someone..
Or tried to ahah
Order sent to Miss Mieke in Canada!
Social Media Special: Window insulation kit 3 pack, free with 20 purchase.
Something you can really use!
I can't even wrap my head around the idea of winning 336M.
Where to begin?
Being the Easter bunny is expensive!
Or my kids are super spoiled...
I'm that make ya say oh!!!!
Nigga I'm that chill, real, killin, big deal, grilling nigga
dawn dish soap, with its grease releasers :, is my goto for stain removal.
good luck!
hail Hitler!
Just kidding Annie.
I'm at Bounce U :
yes ...
Find me
can't freaking wait to hear your new music !!
Clever girl...
Reality though is WIAA wouldn't want to deal with the PR nightmare of moving the boys tourney from Madison, if only for a year.
I love Katy :D
IM HOLDING A CASTING FOR A NEW YORK REALITY SHOW HIT ME UP
I had a amazing blessing come to me today tweeters.......
God is Great!!!!!!!!
I thought you felt like a ROCK STAR every day.
I LOVE hair metal!
i gotta record for u too!
I'm on my shit again!
Ima set up a new doctorpbox and start flooding it with material as it comes!
Send a hello to Pam and Dan tell them PackABagGo Scott Ford sends a hello from Portland can't find them on Twitter...
follow back ugly nigga
First Justin Hawkins outfit of the night: American flagthemed leather vest and pants combo.
Thanks for the shout out!
you're awesome :
Melissa said that would be wonderful!
Right now LP is on break and Melissa is doing musical theater but LP is not over!
In class looking at posters with gothic type knowing where I can find it in wood at globe
it was good!
It's for a client but totally cool to see behind the scenes
Just saw a tweetreminded me that the Easter bunny brought some to my housemust find where my husband hid it from me...
I already miss I'm thinking I won't let him move away from home until he's 30 maybe 35!
annoyed my phone isn't getting service
may take you up on that someday...
Im bout that fitness ball life !
lol
You fuckin' know it!
great meeting you today!
7 exes !
with Vegan!
Vegone !
be gone!
yeah!
milk of an animal !
strength of love is not effective !
Indeed, that was a fabulous show among fabulous company.
Woo!
Eli Manning was spectacular at making plays against that Niner defense..He took some hits and shook it off
Tell your mom i said Happy Mothers Day we all love ya3 ;
Can't think of anything goofier than the Olympic torch lighting ceremony.
I mean, really?
Sherry Leedy Contemporary Arts exhibit Present Tense compliments  contributes to the anh conversation of the role of art in our society
Just got my voting on!
Now she wanna photo, you already know though you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo
You're not in Kansas anymore, Kansas
always gay
YES MAN!
Haven't read anything for fun in awhile.
You recommend?
Or sooner RT we had our eye out for you, mister!
that's ok, maybe next time.
:
what's the difference between genius and stupid???
genius has its limits.
FF!
Hit us up with a FF and we'll hit you back!
Seriously?
That's such BS.
I'm glad you're doing it though.
I've considered fighting but it's hard to know if it's worth it.
come check out SBSChicago and we will give you 10 off your first cut 2529522
there's a old guy in the car next to us who is reading the paper while doctorving, that's skill.
Totally agree  Love Kings of Leon!
I'm new to twitter party and cloth diapering.
We sent you a DM
haha well he does look like it!
Definitely going to be following on learning constructed around cognitive process at Learning  the Brain Cambridge
SO you and I had an awesome time together the other night...in my doctoram!!
Lol
OK the 2nd base ump in Philly has brass balls calling that in Philly.
But he is absolutely right.
It's a good day to go hit 4th St!
Santa , card making at OPEN, holiday bike decorating contest etc...
i wish i could stay mad at people..but i always end up forgiving them..
finally!
dont do that to us again aaron lol
is the man.
It don't matter Ryder there is no title on the line no 24/7 rules here buddy
She's so loved :  RT your photos by are so amazing they are breath taking!
I really want to shoot a video for
aw Madison your so sweet!!!!!3
Not only have I referenced Alien in the novel in progress, now a Ted Bundy reference slipped in as well.
So much to do and morning came this afternoon ;

Paul Anka Born in Ottawa Canada, At the age of 13 Paul formed his own vocal group called the Bobbysoxers.
so tempting
OHMYGAWWWD YES finally following me!
Oh thank you :3
I guess you are done tweeting
A healthy dose of Sarcasm keeps me from tripping my coworkers.
Just left Chi Cha lounge
Area residents to work on hospital ship  Altavista
Best supporting actor.
I'm pulling for Christopher Plummer!
also, is it panic time for other bills that were to be voted on this evening???
Hell yeah!
Stupid Spec work.
who's calling me men.
Seriously.
pac better not come out with beiber ill personally write a letter to Manny telling him how disappointing that was
Sorry for my lack of tweets lately, I'm having some technical issues with my page!
Am determined to figure it out.
Don't give up on me!
You mean doctornk our pee like Bear Grylls?
XD
nice flow.
Men In Black I.
May 25th.
Who's down to go?
Zach brown I like the musician better!
Sorry your a 5th rd guy
C U There!
RT: I get to see this weekend at our first competition!
gowinterguard
Making the decision to have a child is momentous.
It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body.
I think everywhere I eat they play a game called 'Slip some meat into the last bite of Ryan's food so he gets a stomach ache'.
Shitty game.
What do you mean it's not Saturday??
I totally tried sleeping in...
I'm ready to see M.
Ward and Black Keys for the first time live at coachella today!
You're the beautiful one.
:
How were early telegrams understood as written at all?
Thinking the WhiteSox screwed up big time by letting Buehrle walk and signing Danks.
Run!
Police!
I'm actually really excited to see the music video for BOYFRIEND!!
youll see them more then i will!
lol
Beginning a very different shift at work tonight  playbyplay satellite ops.
Busy night tonight!
no joke.
We reported it tonight!
Who regularly goes into work at 7:30ish ????
All of those people were fired.
Haaliwood state of mind!
Good morning, have a fantastic week and Monday everyone!
Keep in touch!
I thought Amish didn't use electric so wtf is with the electric fire place things they make.
how does that work if they don't use electric??
If a story needs a birthday party attended by every other mag in order to be any good, it is not any good.
Too.
Many.
Cornfields.
That's all there is!
The doctorve home is so boring :P
Also remember a random follower will be chosen to win 2 tickets!
Its Currently 54 degrees, hopefully climbing to 64 in Detroit today.
STSGRIOT would like to welcome spring with open arms!
shes turned out to be just perfect.
according to my girl, its not in the feet.
She says she sums up a man and the size of his dik by da size of his hands
when can teams sign gilbert arenas?
Are the hawks in the mix?
Love B B  B too much.
Always need to stay focused or I end up with neat stuff I don't really need in basket.
anyone have a copy of the doctorgon book i can borrow?
lol....and all I want to do is know what's going on in their head...
ha.
Timeout is over!
Let the favoriting continue.
He had to have learned that from you, lmfao.
Kroy and that tragic hair.
Lunch time..
Like what the Cosmpoltian of Vegas has done at the Open.
I work hard 2 find employees 2 work 4 me in ABQ, so that I can then turn around  fire them so they can collect unemployment
LOL Do you have already have a membership with us?
Glad get back in the game!!
Thanks to everyone who supported me
S/O 2 and the rest of the SCRSCReamTeam for being RYDAZ!
We Luv yall !
SCRSCReamTeam All Day!!!
u comin to ashley concert??
So many choices.
Tops: Equiano, The Female American, The Coquette, then there are some good pairings...
some guy there ..
Her friend
pretty good, a bit tired
Carving my initials on your forehead
that's why and I are staying in the car.
We've been nominated as Best in Sports Technology by Sports Business Journal!
Couldn't have done it without all you awesome users!
RT : FREE Dessert with ANY food Special Today!!
Looking forward to tonight's Mystery Wine Supper.
A  of wine sales will benefit !
Cavaliers down 4471 to the Bucks at the half.
it was actually decent, thank you:
trance always helps me relax in the best and worst of times :
Evelyn and her boyfriend are so annoying.
RT : Had a great rehearsal with the band!
We r gonna have a good time Friday
Im not fred flinstone or Young Money but I I I I can make yo bed rock;
Is it opening day yet?
blake it's flu season
I envy you...I wish I could skip school today haha
RT if you like
4XEM will be launching a new line of cameras and PoE products soon.
They will all be available through existing resellers and distributors
My white IPhone love and my blue earphone with smiles and my fav music.
Hair and and and other singers..
Nope I Do!
get off work already
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
Great game, we still have ourselves a series
Great insight into Social Media and how to use it to grow your business.
Katelynn Alexander
.
Indeed.
Timeless.
Whatcha got?
RT The team that kept us from our potential Super Bowl in 08 is back on OUR turf now.
Trust me, we haven't forgotten.
Do check Amazon where you live though, Amazon is certain countries is showing the book in stock...
I live in a world of abundancegratefully receive the blessings of God With deep gratitude I acknowledge that I live in a world of abundance
A little perturbed by the people from the other 28 states with marriage amendments, including California, taking pot shots at NC.
I read Hollywood Wives when I was 14 and I've been hooked ever since!
Stuff by Paul Brown  The first football video game
And we're homeowners!!
Who wants to celebrate with us this wknd?!
We had a great time at Chilibrew in hampden last weekend.
Looking forward to summer fun, food, an baltimore night life this summer.
Making it a Star Wars night.
Episode VI.
Stoltenberg: We'll do everything in our power to maintain Norway as an open and free society in which youth can express opinion without fear
Words are, of course, the most powerful doctorg used by mankind.
Rudyard Kipling
Let's get it!
Let's work hard.
Live your doctorams!
Track: Canby junior Karley Baggerly's long jump of 18 feet last week vs Lakeridge ties her for No.
1 in state w/ Jesuit's Sierra Arlauskas
i had a crush on you when i was little.
: can i get a replay and follow from your biggest fan.
Happy Monday!!
Have a great week!
sitting in on a mad men webinar ads of 60's vs.
today
RT Sell your items in the ServiceBox Market Place.
Never have to repost!
Feature your product, SELL IT FAST!...
General subjects or something techcomm related?
We had a dunking booth on campus today.
If you answer incorrectly.
Splash.
Gonna be a ling day of sling cosmetics
went 2 years ago for a wknd...so clean
2nd time tonight, there is seemingly ethereal trumpeteer playing music outside my window.
This time it was TAPS.
my will shall shape my future:
Damn looks like TMac is going to be out
RT : ..The only way to beat RIL or any legacy energy/chemicals company is by controlling, monitoring  predicting demand
Ok oh
Mine also.
RT : New Cubs Bowden says fave player growing up was Ryne Sandberg.
Bitch don't wanna mess with me, I'm mentally unstable quote of the night

Welcome Frankie!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Making lists for SXSW.
Going to be a busy 10 days.
yea I'm excited
If there were a day for mj we would bet today is the day!
LOL!
: Please go to Zahm Hall and tell my son Aaron what a bad decision he is making by leaving ND.
Thank yo
One week left before Christmas Vacation!
CSHS is preparing for the talent show...yesterday, Santa Claus visited!
Going to the Comedy Attic tonight to see Hannibal Buress.
It's so great to have a place in Bloomington that has great comedy every week!!
what does yizzer mean?
Lol I'm lost...
:
and I would have made big ray white lbs
wow 4month reply:P
So excited to go apartment shopping this Saturdaylooking forward to this next chapter!
Worst day of my life with right now.
Furious.
Unreal.
I have no words.
Needs sleep!
I guess it was as good as its gna get...such is life
where'd you end up tonight?
All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.

i wont be bothered with to many ppl when i get back either imma be prob more to myself
It's tricky
here's a tip never decline a blocked number I could be , , or
I always remember how I been treated I never forget the good or the bad so when I dish you out a plate just remember what you gave me to ate
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah,nah...bat cam!
Where's Ozzy Osbourne when you need him.
How do you catch a bat in the newsroom?
On side of road heading to Augusta.
Pulled over so Van could wipe dog shit off boot.
sorry I missed you call me soon, one!
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a radio without an ipod dock, clock, or cd player?
Thanks for keeping it old school gram.
is one mister.
Emily Weixler McKay.
Really enjoying CornbreadMafia, btw.
Great work.
We have been getting lots of bookings from our lovely Twitter Followers!
Keep it up everyone!!
We LOVE new clients!
TIGERS IN RED WEATHER just came in.
Family doctorma on Martha's Vineyard in the 1950s with a murder thrown in.
What's not to love?!
WOW!!!
: The typical museum devotes 3/4 of its education budget specifically to K12 students.
museumsadvocacy
glad to hear it.
Welcome to the addiction.
mistaken and always second guessing
Incline your ear, and come unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting covenant with you .
.
.
Isaiah 55: 3
George Morgan: genealogy societies need to use new technologies eg.
Digitization projects, Electronic seminars, etc.
We'll hope not.
At the worst, it's a check, exposure, and maybe a foot in the door.
Never know what might come of it!
Glad you guys enjoyed it.
FTW: We're a library, mister Riordan says.
We believe in privacy.
In other news im also going to Ohio.
Hey !
Could you add us to the sticker gallery please?
Thanks!
Elise got a instagram!!
Who told her to join us in the 21st century.
Lmaoo
it's the simplest lines that are often most effective.
OTRC Gary Goldman really needs that Oscar.
Don't make us riot.
oh.
Ahah.
Like i said im good.
Soo whats up?
Q: Rate meh?And date or pass?
I just found out my boyfriend was cheating on me 
Kanye west is not attractive what so ever!
What is kim kardashian thinking?
I'm thinking Kaiser's and tonight!
What about you?
great fun this morning
ME: I think it's an Asian thing HER: Yeah, you know how we're raised to be perfect OO
This is true!
I had a change of heart after I moved to Mke and decided to go back and get my certification in grades 18.
That awkward moment when your mom locks her bedoctorom door and won't answer you..?
Hailing from Richmond VA, I'd have to say Virginia Tech  Virginia.
Go Hoos!
E87 really iS magic!
nice running into last night at Legends!
hope the JD didnt kick your ass too hard ;
TWEET us if you want us to follow you back!
ThingsIReallyCantStand when people dont stay true to their word.
looking forward to it!
SportsTacklesCancer is thinking about every cancer survivor  NSMN charity bd members today on Nat'l Cancer Survivor's Day.
I took 3 showers already and i havent even steped out the house.
tell golic I still walk funny from my onesie
When I'm low he take me high
Speaker available  Brick Wall Battering Rams  www.unyg.com
um that is hardly a decision...
NY!
started Friday Night Lights Sunday and I'm already on episode 15.
I'm such a sucker for a good TV show.
Hope no1 blinked during that match GIVE THE DIVAS A CHANCE
You listen to country music?
You just suddenly became sexier.
3
Thank you so very much pastor.
God bless.
Let's talk about how it's 64 degrees and I'm wearing pants...
and how HUGE of a problem that is.
Let's go Clips!!
RT : Dear Rick Santorum: If we want to encourage abstinence, we shouldn't ban porn.
We should make all porn feature you.
Monday morning classes: 6:45am mat pilates class, 8am cardiocore class.
1 week free of unlimited group classes to new clients!
I think so.
You probably don't have to read Schumacher's book though, you can just ask about it.
You could've made it 3
Of course Oh Tonight would come on the radio right now 
Thumbs are the sort of cheating that made this species GREAT, hippie
Work in the morning!
Come visit for lunch !: rookies goodnight!
My computer is messed up again, FUCK MY LIFE!!!!
What am i gonna do nowww ???
Jam sesh in Santa Monica with and like a boss.
Kickstarter is going to hit goal today.
Who is going to make the next preorder and make this doctoram a reality?
Loud talkers really bother me.
This weekend the family celebrated the 4th with a parade, grilling and a new pool to keep cool!
Been in it every day!
Happy birthday to my sister that is 20 today!!!!
: love you Ashley
Does anyone else's dad read the entire menu out loud at dinner?
Great panel on the future of educational technology at the Philadelphia edtech Meetup at
Most def !
Feel free to let us know upcoming shows, we'll RT  FB them : Emmi
waiting to get a new tire
too busy yday..
Congratulations and THANK YOU to Charles Haddix for 26 years of dedication and service to UMKC libraries!
If you see on campus today, be sure to give her a big OkYo cus she'll be having the best day ever!
pretty sure I need to keep a fully stocked first aid kit in my room!
.
Lies about the Pres r fine but the truth about Romney is a bit too much???
Mean Core earlyon!!
No prob!
If nothing else we can have the panel discussion on my couch.
It comfortably seats three.
Monday Night and another great class at our exclusive Beer School at Taproom.
Come by or call for details at 212 7254766
you should follow they talk about exactly what their tweet name is.
RT Bah time to be strict on my diet again.
And I'm tired of just saying it.
I'm disgusting.
Grt!
RT : Filtering through notes from Some pretty nice wines in attendance, and a well organized event.
the darkness fall beneath us as we rise above the city.
Blank Tweet.
with three dipping sauces?!?
Nice!
Only 13 more followers needed until the half off code!!
Let's do this!
RT
no problem!
thank you...
for being amazingg!
the best option is Not to backpack tomorrow
I Miss Him Terribly ;
I wish I was with u but I'm stuck at home being sick I love u and i wish I was better or cousin but I'm not:
Yes!
RT : TSA iPads don't have to come out of your bag.
I repeat iPads can stay in your bag Idiot what about my kindle??
Anyone have experience with colocation within 150 miles of Madison?
see you guys soon!
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
they make wine for Jews but now want to make wine for normal people Roger madmen Oy vey.
IfIWereU i would go to bed.
night all.
We have added listener capacity to our Stream!
Be sure to listen to the talent of solo piano artists from around the world!
p.s.
I am getting your shirt tonight!
: I'll let you know when I mail it!
Ask Siri what her favorite color is.
:
ha, can't say I do.
I'm in doctorft mode.
Austin is so excited to see all of you this summer!
Just paid for something at the Apple store using the Apple app and EasyPay.
Totally feel like I just shoplifted.
Atta boy Nunez.
Atta boy Stewart.
Yankees lead 42...Glad to see some nice comments towards NOONIE...!
absolutely LOVE the coca cola christmas adverts!
I miss you too.
But ya know...
You can always text me back :
Do something a lil strange for some change
Some new signups have reported login problems.
Also, voting page was loading slowly earlier.
Let us know if we can help.
I hate when i cant get the sleep , i so desperately want .
I didn't have my camera at the time  my crappy phone doesn't have a cam!
But I go there all the time, I'll see if it's there!:
Come spy me tonight at the PKETweEATup  Taste of Lake Country, twitpic me and enter to win FREE MKE movie tix!
I've been seeing u in alot in the press lately and luv how grounded you are, don't change!
LOL!
Who am I kidding?
I was mostly reading books in high school.
Bout to cut this grass then hop in this showerflow sapdoe and this grass high as hell
BIG news tomorrow morning!!!
STAY TUNED!!
xx :
give the tickets to ppl who cant afford them not like unless he wants to take a cool white guy like myself
Det, Atl, NYG would be my pref.
Way we handled Det with JV today would leave me feeling confident.
Whoohoo!
Lovin' all of our fans!!
Big welcome to our latest fans from Jordan!
Enjoy!
Thxs !!
I love Easter candy and these hips don't lie.
was in re: mickey rourke character in sin city.
welldeserved.
Get your end of year requests in ASAP.
RT : Central Library closes at 5pm today, reopen 8:30am on Tuesday.
Happy New Year!
so I just got a job offer at a hospital for the summer  I'll be working with patients.
YES!
:
For 4 mil KerryCollins willing not only to take fall for flawed Colts team but tarnish his own rep, when he actually had a good career.
like what
: You surely will not be disappointed!
Best Marvel adaptation yet!
Yes, surpasses the first XMen and Iron Man for me!
did u get a perm??
ShowSumLove to the troops who risk their lives everyday to keep our country safe.
Waiting for these doors to open!!!
Its roasting out hurr.
Haha
If you like our sound, please support our band by downloading your favorite songs at 99 cents/song in the store icon, signing up as a...
ive been paleo for a year its not hard for me anymore, but i do remember!
good for you!
what are your struggles?
Hodge not in a tie...he looks like he had a red solo cup party last night.
George Dennison Prentice What some call health if purchased by perpetual anxiety about diet isnt much better than tedious disease.
Getting rid of AQ Status, just in time for us to have one season in the Big East...
i literally just spent 10 minutes staring  daydoctoraming at my posters...
He siad you didn't say anything..
he said you were just high and he just threw it away cause it was taking up too much room
Heavy moves man heavy moves...
we'll believe it.
it's a classic so everyone should see it at some point no matter when they were born
ghettocrayolacolors rusty hubcap brown
can i please get my tattoo this year?
i already know what i want!
NEW CAT
Stunning!
Only way 2 describe 2nite's event!
Thnks 2 Linda Tony Amy Jason Thomas Dustin Shawna Kamal Gary Donna Bill Bev Patrick  Sharon!
: I'm clumsy as hell today.
Yeah you tore that metal stand up!
Lmbo
Spanish class  the beach!
I put cheese on EVERYTHING.
America
your twitcon is really pretty!
If a back hand is discipline, and the front of a hand is abuse...
then what's a karate chop?
I'm planning on it.
Looks like a good program.
im just doing me bruh
I just want to eat all the time.
Studio flow
MyPastRelationships led me where I'm at today...
Happy.
Didn't need you
Showing properties today from Fed Hill to Severna Park to Ellicott City to Catonsville and everywhere in between.
Wish us luck!
Every time I watch a post game interview I think, Why can't Ryan Braun say good things like this?
No, we will be in DC!
I'm going to write you right now.
I wanna go out , get loose .
brah I heart you ;
TwSIG Hey, this presentation is awesome!!
Really...
that's a real time response!!
Very informative!!
Turn partial contact data into Rich Social professorles with the FullContact API.
We'll be at next week, let's meetup!
I should be doing my homework.
So much for applying myself.
I guess no Princeton for me thenn.
:
wait, people collapse expectedly?
: Andoctorw Breitbart Collapsed Unexpectedly Outside His Westwood Home After Midnight
how do you keep track of the enormous amount of bandwagons you have jumped on?
Bet you DVR the Kardashian show as well?
Latest poll numbers show Obama is starting to pull away from McCain, in three key states: Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania!
It was great to have lunch with you today!
Excited about the great things to come.
hahahahaha omg....just bein a hippie
God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son
hey sorry it took so long to reply I was in the shower haha nuthin much what bout you?
:
Wow, never been invited to a party by you...kind of insulted...
I am sick.
thx for following edumarketing is a Twitter acct curated by Digital Pulp, one of the leading digital agencies in edu space
You can destroy the future by not dealing with the past.
Happy Valentine's Day BFT Family!
I hope you all had a wonderful day!
Any plans?
yeah I am I hope you like them :
thanks brother!
Ahh geeze I have a little under 9 days left to get my damn costume finished for tekko!!
freaking out
haha it's okay I won't hold it against you.
I'll blame twitter for not displaying my sarcasm better.
Stupid twitter!
hook it up baby ;
you are blowing my mind
Just woke up...
Want to go somewhere but where?
Ahh haa Luke's house he's JUST A FRIEND!!
I'm in Iraq!
It's not bad, but it's effin cold right now, 8 hours ahead of NY!
My mirror just laughed and said You are not Tom Brady.
Haircut.
Now.
Can't wait to hear Arcade Fire featuring David Byrne!!
Yes!
Haha...I've realized that saying  TeamFollowBack, that you get some strangers to follow you.
Weird.
Thanks for the retweet!
here outside to pick up my mom from work are you going swimming!!
:
So sad to hear about the passing of EttaJames.
She will not be forgotten!
AtLast has become a timeless wedding tune.
Home is where the heart is 3
RT ryankennedy is a 9 yr old from Michigan w/ brain cancer.
His wish is 2 trend.
LETS MAKE HIS WISH COME TRUE!
But I am letired.
So have a nap zen fire ze missiles!
Excellent!
Hope they worked well!
It's unfortunate that we've turned the act of flying in an airplane into a chore.
My only wish is that I die real.
JustSoGorgeous follow me please
Books on tape?
Comfy shoes?
Rainbow ribbon gummy candy?
Her very own Star Trek language translator app?
510 of the U.S.
engages in SM for sexual pleasure on at least an occasional basis.
Can't wait to see that!
In the newsroom though...
Pancake, sausage, and blueberry muffins?
Yes, in fact I WILL eat all of them.
Wish it was 7 weeks from now!
Ready for my fella to take me to South Beach for lots of loving!
Oh yeah!
Lady in the street.....
We'll be doing a couple songs with Jessica at tomorrow night!
810PM
Just saw AWESOME film.
So glad that there are movies like this to show people whats wrong with our education system.
Uncle Green and 3 LB Thrill tonight Smith's Olde Bar!
Rock it and dig it, boys!
Congrats on going to and a Big welcome in advance to the Big D!
Yay, I can think of more: all of those sound amazing!
We'll have to get into the test kitchen with some of those!
thank you 333 I will....
is a Cutiee :
What the hell was Beyonce thinking men run the world
RT : A great list of designrelated public good in 2011 by including AIGA Design for Good at
Fixing to tear this city up with work friends.
It's pretty obvious that Georgia is not one of the SEC's elite teams this year.
I wonder what their record will be in December?
Oh yeah.
The Penguins also stomped the Flyers yesterday with a 103 win.
What's up, ?
agreed.
Feels more like June.
I've got to get the hell out of Dodge by July
RT : Be sure  follow for quality fitness info.Great resource with awesome fitness professorssionals!
Check it out
Something like that.
From Urban Dictionary: remedy a situation by issuing an apology.
Something like that.
Glad to hear it!
I'm sure the interview will be heavy!
Congrats on your election!
National Film Challenge starts at 7:00pm tonight!
Come Monday there will be an all new Ultimatum Picture...
I just lost two followes :'
Five hours sleep in the last two days feeling a bit psycho.
Just have to get over this hump.
This is awesome, and probably applies to more of you than the original.
LOL ,
Trying to decide on breakfast, bananas and peanut butter sounds delish
Take care of business today , do work
It's always been me.
Hey, Twitter friends!
Will you please help us reach 250 followers by Friday?
The world is wacky.
When Zoey Dechanel does something off beat, she is cute  quirky.
When I do something off beat, I have Aspergers's.
The human mind is our fundamental resource.
John F.
Kennedy
No base runners have reached base for the Mariners thru 6.
you are easily the greatest country guitarist of all time.
Keep up the good work.
Well, that sounds terrible.
What happend?
lol ive been craving some.
It's been so long lol
Do you have to be from Chicago or have some emotional connection to it to not hate hearing ppl call it Chi Town?
Been curious for some time.
Hows it going?
Havin fun bein your amazing self?
Happy Friday!
It is Superbowl weekend!!!
Get excited!!
My brackets are gonna win me some money!
Bout to make like 20 so I can make bank!
thanks for the mention!!
wow Andy I had no idea nice guns look god
fruit cake!
I am all about the fruitcake!
I want to know how can I book
Just found out I've missed about 3/4ths of the Superbowl.
Thought it started at 6.
Oh well.
Two teams I know nothing about anyhow....
This game is stressing me out!
you'll know about 3 min after we do.
this morn I hit my thumb with a hammer, walked a mile in the rain, and took a 2 hr bus ride.
those were the golden days, now onto DMVhour 3
Stupid, dumb, bitches gonna die.
I find this amusing.
:D
They're together in case at store.
LOL RT : Amazing that adults do not know that cheese IS dairy AND eggs are not.
Perhaps, though there's still hope that Mike Brown's apparent lobotomy will yield some results, too.
u did not say dat when I was fucking u in tha ass tho lol
Megatron always, Vincent Brown is in my top 20 this week, Bennet really coming on and slightly above Robinson for your third
I'm a steel trap when it comes to letting myself be emotional...
Unless I'm watching Grey's Anatomy.
Padoctors Opening Day with the Murph, last Junior League training as a provisional, now meeting with residents of the Normal Heights community.
Is Subcomandante Marcos on twitter?
Merry Christmas and a happy, healthy New Year to all of you :
anywhere there is open space, there will be opportunities for ad sales...effectiveness of those ads?
Extremely low.
Population Justice: The Link Between Family Planning and Climate Change!
Tonight, Tuesday, March 16  5pm in Higgins 300 FREE DINNER!
Just finished The Road of Lost Innocence.
What a horrific eye opener!!
:
you're welcome
Thanks man.
we wanted our other Packer fans to see this.
We wish it was up in Wisconsin and not Cowboy territory
at Walmart random lady: this is where I got my balls
I like when someone tweets something I said..
then they get retweeted by tons of people!
Evil Bitch!
So can you state your position clearly so we aren't so confused?
What does toomanylaws have to do with it?
Take it into overtime at least if your gonna get swept
yeah pretty epic, making this flight rather less than pleasant, and inspiring deep apathy for tonights shift...
Seriously am so depressed right now :
Oh, I'd totally hit that.
It's true.
Sad to miss the show in Indy bc of all the crazy Superbowl people.
Snowing in Bear Valley.
Spring in
She came through, she brought food, she got fucked, she knew wassup
If you still wanna party when you leave beamers come hang with us nine72 afters right behind beamers
I want to know the  of people that named their travel board I want to go to there.
I personally know 2.
Just catching this story about the psycho pastor and his antigay sermon.
Charming.
LOL!
friends wondering if he had on pajamas...shocked by him in general
Check out Mike Irace.
I'll send a DM with the number.
Not the cheapest, but reliable, knows his stuff, and no bull.
awhh, !
We need hang !
dinner 'Hare 2nite, not up to par.
Mid rare  not exactly, many time gaps in service, no visible MOD...sorry, but I'd wanna know
Going to see grandma..
Is this really an infringement of the estate of Miles Davis?
The Miles Cafe changes its name to Somethin Jazz Club after lawsuit..
Everybody's recommended registry cleaner
Dont you thing if we were going to invent time travel someone would have came back and told us by now?:
Hell yeah!
Can't wait!
GO !
I'd forgotten about Lopez until he came to bat for the Tribe just now.
Intricate musical arrangements and lyrics about elements of nature?
Sounds like beautiful, hipsterfriendly music to us....
There are lots of Blackhawks fans in our house tonight.
Let's get loud Denver!
Oh, and I need to finish filling out my dance card for NAR
Wait Wait Wait.....we are calling lane violations in the playoffs now?....never mind..
Honoring all mothers, stepmothers, grandmothers, and likeamothertome's today.
Happy Mother's Day!!
Just had a going away party for Ken!
Its time to get some gifts!
feelme that bitch got that ice t money
and uhh my stomach feels like shit
How did CAG get involved with helping sponsor Final Round?
Would CAG be interested in sponsoring other big tournaments?
love ur new single :
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and developing custom homes throughout San Antonio.
I want to go to there.
RT : Amazing Court Gala tonight  Bethany Thomas, casts of Angels and Porgy joined together in song
Might take in a matinee tomorrow...what Broadway show should we see?
To all you moms out there, Happy Mother's Day!
I was just told I look like David Blaine...
Compliment?
Niggas be funny just cause U VISITED THE HOOD , DONT MEAN THAT UR HOOD ..
It's like Nabokov was hired to write for the Disney Channel
Playing at corner of Lombardy and Birch to entertain 10K runners Sat 912.
Say hi if you are out and about.
We're near the finish line.
So, we want to know..
you have an extra tire laying around.
How would you recycle or reuse it?
RT : The swift gray anteater bounced near the hibernating bison
Guh she say that she ax him and he say he wuh not the baby daddy!
The great book swap at the dudes' school!
Great way to recycle reuse books  share the book wealth!
ching, ching!
:
Bad day.
I need a doctornk.
Andoctorid Update: v1.5 is live.
go get it!
OK.
I'll ask for Pinterest, too, as more and more of my clients are starting to use it.
Thanks!
If you stop by our booth , follow us on Twitter, 'like' us on Facebook, write on our wall to win a monster!
I am not a score!
What did I do?
Lol
I'm going to start my GhostAdventuresFriday with pizza  doctornks with the boyfriend 3
: Take pride in how far you have come, have faith in how far you can go.
fb
Bear Down and beat the Cardinal!
Couldn't have said it better ourselves!
RT : MEMORY TRAINING!!!!
;
Wish I had met Frank Grimes before his unfortunate and untimely death.
Everything in my lifefrom doing the laundoctor to picking up the kiddois recorded in my mind in 15minute billable increments.
I've spent the last hour and a half running, while it's raining.
smcrva key to successful socialmedia fundoctorising campaign: short term, specific ask,  excitement
I already do!
I'm so hooked.
BiggestFear my dad.
Do we think LittleBear and Emily ever hooked up?
I actually liked in the night kitchen
Hey, I'm in Denver.
Our Nuggets play you tonight.
All Gold Crown Volleyball Players have free admission if they wear there team jersey!
Don't miss the clinic before the game at 4:30!
Me and have a front row seat
he has really big feet.
Hehe ;
: you look like ur about 20 or 21  u close but you'll find out soon
hot topic!
Classic!
If she wasn't three, I'd think she was on doctorgs.
Apparently I woke up at 8am for nothing...
Thanks MSU Career Services.
Italian Dining Etiquette  msmehuljain
Need To See The Vow This Weekend
Your trainy boredom has turned you into a social media monster.

I can make an exception to a Twitter follower.
Can I email you at the email addoctorss on your website?
Men of Bonhoeffer and will be working for Advancement Department this summer!
Tweet, tweet, tweet....
they're already making it!
Thanks a lot twitter search bar...
I hope one day I get to meet you just to say Thanks for the Years of laughs and comedy you bring to the table bro..
DAILY.
Almost 19M adult males have been sexually abused.
The Life of Riley short film has an audience.
Help us make this film.
blow me haley
ready for Easter breakfast?
we are!!!
Who bloody cares what the tallest building in NYC is now!
Move past our compensating era  start building for the future?
LIKE FA REAL DOE BRUH
But Wallace was still less accurate than McCoy last year.
Mission homemade almond roca: gooey, messy fail.
Mission maple garlic salmon: delicious, nutritious success.
Looks like might have the idea.
Thinking we may have to follow his words with action...
by the way, we have vegan cheese and gluten free pizza dough.
I have been on the phone with support:
I love the work you've done FacesofAddiction.
Would love to talk to you about including your work in an exhibition
thanks so much!!
those pants were a little tight.
When your change up is 90, you throw gas!
that's morning energy
you back from Texas?
I'm starting to use this account so tweet me here for now on:
aww thank you : my coowner thought of it :
Armageddon is on FX rt now.
I find it hilarious that everyone doctornks from NASA meatball mugs.
Not sure I've seen one ever.
why must today be so damn boring
is killing me at work.
I got three cheeseburgers and I know you want all of them!
Dumb hoe.
I love it.
Lol.
blueNotes is the place to be!!!
Following Spree: Follow me:
disappointingly, no.
It's funny how all the news channels in LA call the president coming to Studio City StarMageddon
We're going to do a nice walk around the west medford local art studios, and enjoy the sunshine.
This game?
On edge of seat!
Metta's group hug didn't initiate Worldpeace.
Only bad calls.
OKC!!!!
most are, but some aren't.
It's a good show...u will enjoy it.
Holton  I may squeeze out after to catch 2nd half
Twitterverse: Looking for a company/person who does story boarding?
Raspect to the writer!
DAMN can't even sleep

This is one of those things that will just take time.
Myself I'm DONE.
I believe him.
Time to actually WATCH baseball.
Holy tits im tired
Wow.
Those are AWFUL!
And here I was trying to be all positive in my talk!
The strangest part of today was last night I doctoramed I was doctorving in a black limo with the King of Pop himselfyeah Michael Jacksoncrazy!!
ahh.
Cool.
:p
Delayed 2 hours on the tarmac and Frontier hands out warm chocolate chip cookies.
Torture for this very hangry gf person!
lol thanks!!
sometimes, haha RT : if anything they should follow u, ur tweets r informative and sometimes entertaining.
Starbucks black coffee w hazelnut syrup....
Simply the best!
message!!!
rt Im not fucking with Hoes anymore.
So if I stop fucking with you all of a sudden.
I'd like to give a shoutout SHOUTOUT!!!!!!!!
yea, truth is I really don't know anything.
its all an illusion lmao!!
My Dominic is doing so good.
He has came a long way!!
I can't find my baseball mitt and that is everybody's problem.
That's a weird message Chris.
Heads up in case you didn't mean to send it!
:
Why does it take so much work to actually be informed and not just vote along partisan lines?
Can't wait to go see at Russell County!
Good Morning.
It's May 1st.
On the grind real soon.
Will be that kind of day.
Haha, Noo problem And thanks.
Mine was alright too :D
Robert Mueller Municipal Airport
Yes, that's why I said the age was fine.
The feedback I get here is that I look younger than my headshot.
Mid 20s early 30s.
Obama has lied that Court overturning Laws is unprecedented, that he enourages doctorlling, that border is secured, etc.
Once the storm has finished....
Hello birthday girl!
Now that you're 14 U can get high heel boots!
Having a beautiful wkend!
Tell your Mom hi!
I think you're cool
Paul not up..wen i really need him
Don't tell me when to go to bed.
I stay up till my homework is done.
I'll go to bed when I'm ready.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
At donkindoughnuts with and
Good luck with that!
Lol
Come play poker with Me, Annie Duke, John SIngleton, and Jerry Yang tonight!
Edgemar.org/events 50 bucks gets you buyin, booze, and food!
Money saving print tip: Order bulk, screen printing offers bulk discounts.
Think you'll reorder soon?
Just add extras to your first order.
Columbia: most cataloging starts from some sort of existing record, eg vendor records and then enhance.
Thus partial RDA
I love you.
Thank you and have a great weekend!
RT
Philadelphia Pennsylvania
Who else out there has a picture of themselves shaking Bill Mallory's hand?
SxSW podcast on Echospace.org6 museums collaborating to create a site for sharing /remixing collections  public resources: is.gd/twYO
Since they save searches, Google could blackmail anyone.
In other news, I fully support Google's 2012 presidential campaign.
Design is like giving birth to a new baby, when you start putting the elements together you cants stop until the baby is out n alife.
Young Rembrandts is now on Facebook!
Become a friend and support After School Programs that benefit students, schools and communities!
GETTING THE DAILY you're taking 2 AP classes and 2 honors next year, stop procrastinating and be responsible SPEECH RIGHT NOW.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present
It's October!
This is the month that DianeMorlan's new cozymystery SHAKEDOWNDEAD is due out!
Watch for it!
www.cozycatpress.com
RE: The Business of Being Born  and I would be remiss if I didn't mention the feminist insights that can be found throughout the film
To salt or not to salt...that is the 'rim' question.
How do you like your margarita?!?!
5 margaritas TONIGHT!
Wind, more wind, with a slight chance of wind.
What am I doing up this early on a Sunday?
Z
You just gotta score more points so ppl forget it happen, just like kobe did when he raped that girl
Bruce Springsteen Gives a Master Class at the Garden on Being a Rock Star
Means...
Thank you my love...kisses!
Lol
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it
falls out of chair We can't retweet that, but we so agree!!!
: getyerHOGon : : muwaaaahahahaaaa!!!!
Scout Sunday, February 12th , Main St UMC.
Join us as we celebrate the great tradition of Scouting at 8:30  10:30 AM, 81 W.
Main St,.
Peru!
So inspiring to see the debut film of Hara Motion Pictures last night!
Such a wonderful program for young filmmakers in Monterey, CA.
: We've all got a past, but you can't let the sorrows of your past determine your future.
its gonna be scaryy : i used to be scared of behemoth..
its like..
A QUARTER OF IT.
is having a hard time being on a golf course  not playing so he's been hitting a few for the teams that have been coming by
Un cordial saludo Christian.
Wow!
Four talented ppl now debating for the presidency of the
No way!!!
That's awesome.
Small world.
:
1 Never give up.
Donald Trumps 10 rules of success.
Rule 2 in 4 hours.
I have changed for the better and whether it was a solo change or a relationship change, I changed.
And I changed for me.
lol yeah.
Nick was in my doctorams last night.
Lol hes trolling my doctorams.
OTG WEAREOTG OTGLIFE If your focused on your goals...
Your on that
these new nfl kickoff rules are lame!!
at least we still have punts.
At connect your community.
CYC lab.
Can't wait to learn about this program.
every time I think I've finally repressed all memory of the Pier 1 summer of rb misappropriating 2010 soundtrack...
makes sure that the first thing he consumes doesn't contain alcohol.
But he never mentioned anything about second...
Good luck to all the students during finals week!
Completely unintentional.
If you look closely you'll see that some are grey and it just didn't print well.
:/
NO TUMBLR DOESNT WORK AGAIN UGH
Join the call for freeandfair elections in Congo and a SpecialEnvoy.
fallingwhistles.com We would love a David Corn column!
Has new Fox show Touch killed The 24: Jack Bauer movie?
Clearly you refer to the fourth Little Pig, Gummo, whose brothers never respected his love of poetry.
Big Bad Wolf  Amazon.
I finally know what happens after we die...thanks Google!
no cuz I'm probobly having a concert there!
are you  momsterpalooza next month?
Gig tonight w/ our group, Elby Brass!
Gig tomorrow w/ our group, Third Stream Giants!
www.elbybrass.com, www.3sgiants.com!
Hope all is well!
My husband  my son attended  WARONWOMEN rally today with me in Madison Wisconsin.
Great crowd  speakers.
Bruins wingers need to come down the boards more on breakouts.
Capitals stealing clearing passes from B's defense too often.
Go B's!!
We love our customers!
Thank you for another great year!
Thank you again Simple Plan for putting me in tears with your amazing music
Which panel are you attending?
great!
And thanks so much for facilitating every week.
It's always informative
U inspire me.
I have been attending at DeVry University for 3 years.I would like to show u my Beats.I produce RB music.
New York shopping the most beautiful thing in the world.
or gay!
: .
Have to do it evenly to everyone.
20 a pay check would have balanced the budget.
Waiting for Vegas round 2
What's the saying?
The days are long but the years are short.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Make sure you visit http:///www.LoveBoobsX3.com for sexy babes wth boobs.
Thanks for sharing Ben!
Tell me is jelena together or broke apart
You got it!
Added to the Twitter Hashtags category now.
Do you wanna do karate in the garage?
Wiki has gone into hiding in the basement.
Tried to coax her out, but didn't last long.
Im craving some hot wings right now, foreal though.
who make s there name dhat small ass dick nigga
againstvs.
which is the exact language of your ad.
Don't backtrack now.
We are offended and we will boycott.
people keep saying that law can't keep up w/ tech.
right.
But if it's designed right, law doesn't have to play catchup
sure thing!
My mom sees you guys.
Fuck everyone, say what you feel, not say what they want
I'm honestly jealous.
That's a fun album.
Writing a new record is my favorite thing to do.
If only someone were to pay me for this behavior, then I'd have something.
The English are funny group of people.
V neck sweater Fridays.
Happy New You, ladies n gents!
Get five 50 min personal training sessions w/me for 100.
Ends jan 15!
Life is Golden..!
I might just have to swing by  thanks man!
TGIM!
Happy Hour goes all day and all night every Monday and Tuesday
2nd session of chronic illness group...
I have to remember never to say I'm sick of attending ;
OK, that is WAY worse.
Now Following Thanks for the RT!
Sleepy time
Since MoMA admission is free tonight, the least I can do is support art with a 9 captainin Lawrence Pale Ale in the garden.
Problem with windowless office  weather never matches what's outside.
This morning, sunny in my office, rainy out there.
Now, opposite.
Cranium contest win chance to win stuff and star in a TV commerical  visit Cranium facebook page, Ends May 31st.
Can't sleep.
Watching Cheaters.
Lol.
3am and the singing birds are at it again......someone please go tell them that's the moon not the sun lol
missing out!
SEXY GHETTO GUY IN OUR CLASS.333
I can't stop listening to SaySomethin Its so AMAZING!!!
BestSongEver 3
I looked up who Hillary Rosen is.
I still don't care about whatever she said, though.
Ayy Pimp Usah Funny Dude I Burn Sum O.g Nd Watch you Almost Every Video.
Outa SacTown SUPPORT MY MUSIC GOIN HARD PRODUCTIONS
Send a picture of your steelers get together today.
best picture wins a autograph
FreshCutFridays Tomorrow You Already Know We On It.
maybe YOU talk to them on a lifelong period, but not me.
does anyone know what pumped up kicks is bout.....hm?????????
It's the weekend .
I'm happy af 
If you get the ulitmate '80s icon at your party, you would have the best '80s party ever.
The barbers at headquarters barbershop is the best in the hood.
They actually have skills unlike them other nervous barbers
The INConversation with Jim Lehrer is kicking off!
We'll hear about his experience moderating prez debates.
I finally found you Danny!
If there was a zombie apocolypsewe were gettin' chasedu trippedfell i would come backhelp u get up even if tht meant riskin' my life:
living  loving my life, my biggest worry today was trying to decide which color nail polish to wear, pretty awesome!
SerenityGratitude
Can someone help me get more followers please!!!!: I don't care who!!!!
I will really appertiate it!!!3
a friend just calculated that if you played every permutation of megamillions, it would cost you 175mm but you're guaranteed to win 80mm
yeah...
new glass and a new titanium case...
ive seen it already...
it looks
wish me a happy birthday ?
it's great for running Day of the Tentacle ;
considering this is a history lesson I have heard in various forms MANY times...
I consider myself quite knowledgable.
Lmao.
People.
actually, class likely won't last the entire time, so we will be able to collect papers  then discuss assessment right after.
Who has blackberry?
Send me ur pin :
Recession or not, Trichet may not lower interest rates due to ego.
Retiring form ECB in a month, about face would leave a tarnished legacy.
Yep.
Can't go this long and fail now.
going out to the lake to wakeskate for the first time this year yeah!!
welcome back you classy fellow,, The US just wasn't the same without you and your Australian swagge 
Yea he told me that.
He went to the new SMG studio.
I'm so ready to move.
I need to make a difference.
I need a change.
i'm always curious when a west coaster has a doctorw to the east.
I mean..
Why?!
Shut up thunder.
I'm tired of you faking me out, and blowing over my plants and still no rain.
Even my okra died.
I don't want to hear it.
I've already lost track of the days of the week this week!
I was thinking tomorrow was Tuesday.
Think I'm loosing it!
Lol
Don't be scared to take risk in your life...
That's what differs you from others!
Who wants a boring LIFE anyway???
that's best friend 3 :
So this mama bird decided to lay her eggs on our construction site and TODAY 3 of the 4 HATCHED!!
ONE MORE TO GO!!
3
This just in!
Special offer: Get 20 off of your next order RIGHT NOW!
Use flyer code 9s!
Thanks to our AMAZING customers and pass it on!...
really starting to regret my whole relationship with
In my mind there never was a Jefferson, there was only a Starship.
hey um are you going to make a time for that?
Thank you so much!
Cordy is a stupid name...
but he gets to the Bills I may name my son that
Get your 1day sale coupon sheets at the Bingo card table this Sunday!
Get 30 off all apparel and shoes at Cute  Cuddly this Sunday.
Bye bye UNC
what been up.
How u been
Be aware of how you sound when talking.
People are not mind readers.
If you're unclear in speech or your message, you may aggravate others
hahaha how does that make you head honcho?
Some things never change in this business.
Oh god, my brain might just explode over everyone :/ migraine 
Dear Guitar, Teleport2Me.
I don't care if i'm in the middle of class.
Pull a Nike and
; jeez', you weren't suppose to go public with that crap.
:o
what's good wit ya
Then he rings me up and says I owe you three cents, but I think you'll be ok.
I tell him to keep the rest of the coins in the register.
Okay, organic foodies.
Is a half CSA too much for a single person household?
Or should I stick with farmers markets???
Spurs win!
PuroPincheSpurs!
According to a recent Trulia report, it's cheaper to buy than rent in 98 of US metro areas.
If someone has a sister and your dad let your sis te get and IPod Touch What do you think?
You think that you should get want too?
Hey Mark miss you on KSR all we got is Matt !!
Please come back !!!!!!
colonel asking me what i've been up to lol its only been four days so nothing
If you are looking for a pity party I am not the person to text.
How many pairs of shoes did and bring to Vegas
It's the first day of the spring semester for our traditional students.
Welcome back!
Sure the truth hurts, but it's better then being lied to
You begging her for everything but she never telling me no, i got your GIRLFRIEND ong speedial if you redial it u go be suprised
I would call you but!!!!
I don't have your number :
is proud to acknowledge the great American Hero, Martin Luther King, Jr., on his birthday!
Y u gotta b a HATER
ohh soo happy for my eveymae who just landed herself an official boyfriend :
Roopa's great.
Not sure who else is going.This will be the first time in 3 years I won't be at NAGAP.
I hate Kate bush.
: got my dad tickets to see the red hot chili peppers next month!
I am such a greatdaughter my dad  I are going!
it smells like Chinese food at my house .
Tablets make it much easier to stay connected.
Haven't checked my email on my home cmptr in months 
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; theres only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Wayne Dyer
Sweet!
Ditto!
It's pretty convenient that I'm from the best state in America
They're going to try to sell more at lower priceson everything.
That's what Amazon is about.
my brother's red  white game tomorrow afternoon!!!
Ya my mom got them 4me,but I think they r way 2difficult 4what it's worth if I think their hard then you will prob hate it
I'm going to bed don't feel good and it is late goodnight
The holidays are over, but  are still recovering, so the show will return next Monday.
Go enjoy a past episode!
A Pen??
Very gutsy ;
you know you not a baller when Monte calls you out on the game cube
This whole not sleeping at night is taking its toll.
Listening 2 Kaiser Chiefs while reading briefs from December's ban by the Indian Supreme Court on plastic tobacco packaging.
I legit cried when I watched TVD season 3 finale D:
On giving shoes for the first time: the kids were so so excited, like Christmas day
I need a partner in crime to crash this Arlington party across the street...
Comfort objects for souls who feel better in closed spaces.
Endorphin emitters through smell, touch.
Most isolating objet ever.
Let's hope that continues and we see you on the Packer starting roster next year.
the year the team regives the NFL the business!
I jus hurt my shoulder cookin too hard to the I Don't Like song.
hahaha Beth I can't get enough of you!
hahaha it would have been then...not so much now :p I would've peed my pants too don't feel bad

your only goal in life is to cause me pain
I watch your show Ellen cuz you laugh,love and dance everyday, just love you baby !!
I think Huntsman uses the same paint shop as Boehner.
it is lovely, and busy!
Are you planning another trip?
ABC announces 'Glass House,' Big Brotherstyle reality show that enables ...
New York Daily News
It was a phantom wiff bc there is no vodka around whatsoever.
I'd say it's my Lush bubble bar.
Great run of shows tonight to keep the studying not so boring: , , , 
I always forget a PC is different than a MAC!
Just started my morning with whipping cream in my coffee.
I think it's going to be a good day!
All Day Every Day RT To Do List: Big Time Rush
better thank the fans and for all the publicity this season
Wow!
Hoping Em will connect soon w others w food related issues...really need more kids in her situation.
Worst Day Of Practice 
Just broke a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc in my car.
The aroma of grapefruit mixed with alcohol is overwhelming.
I am a color ?
and you call me names?
You sent me the response first.
Typical.
Thanks for the FF, Chris.
Have a great weekend.
TGIF!Come get 2.50 Stella  6.00 Jameson doctornks!Full line of gorgeous Ladies and a full bar will have you coming back for more...and more!
please please please please
wait, what do you do then ;
Conception to Production.
On set: Day 1
For many teachers collaboration is cheating.
Theater kids did to Monty Python what 8 year olds and 45 to 50 year olds did to austin powers.
u still on the subliminal shit huh
R.I.P Cailix and Beau Shenecker.
: Word to my momma I'm the coldest nigga living
Happy Mothers Day to Mi Mam!
all the awesome mommas out there!
Be thankful for your family  friends.
Love hard.
Our time is precious.
xo
i wonder if my dog know my name or what does he calls me as.
Have a happy Sunday!!
lmmfao...
Boy u CHILDISH!!!
I wish you would talk to me as much as I want to talk to you.
No furniture is so charming as books.
Sydney Smith
I'm sorry that I don't ff anybody.
Should I?
Next to you go to BW3 try the Jammin Jalapeno mm m good!
:
Barrack Obama supporting gay marriage, he gets my vote this fall!
Today in 1982, Who Can It Be Now was a hit.
PR is pleased to announce we're beginning to roll out our new website.
THANK YOU for your patience as we grow
I sent you an email before I left the office today.
There are a bunch of PDF's that I attached with info on what to take.
Great day with family today.
NYC tomorrow!
Hi Joyce Walker!
Thanks for the follow and for being one of our longtime contributors/supporters.
Apparently reseating the cables didn't fix it.
ACMT  Mailin repair service, except when you get bad parts.
Sigh.
Ppppppusssyy  Walter Jr.
MyTop10GucciSongs Emergency ....my girl was in the video : : :
hey im a big fan of ur music
Yea CC was leaving.
If anything they should be pissed about the Cliff trade.
Carrasco,Donald,Marson?
Lol talk about shitty.
we all know that's not true lol
We all with you Robb G!
Jeff is a good college buddy.
Saw him here in NYC recently.
Tell Knowshown I don't say hi.
aw!
I can't wait to see you both soon!!!
2nd period under way at the RG and it's TriCity with a 10 lead over the a carbon copy of last night!
Keep up the great MMA work!
Our BATTLE OF ATL XLIII June 1718 is adding Sport Jiu Jitsu sparring.
See www.battleofatlanta.in
that would have been much more exciting!
Be sure to stop by while you're in Indy next week.
They sure don't make it affordable to show off that you are an student
Not yet!
: hi man find me a descent manager pleeaase country singer/songwriter Noll brothersPlease DM me a YouTube link.
best book for creating a more positive mindset...suggestions?
And they were not close enough.
around them that have.
very cool seeing again today for a StudioSession!
See you guys soon!
I want to see the movie where Abraham Lincoln is a vampire
I presume you'll be at Enterprise Connect?
DM me and I'll make sure you get a demo
Took me a bit to follow back, but I think I am there!
If I missed you, let me know.
RAIDERS!!!!!
how was it?
So What Btch !
3 more weeks until i get out of school praise the lord im SICK of that place
Listen to him.
RT : Listen to
And I'm chillin watchin this movie wit Meelah...for now 
hey thanks for the follow!
music is our life too!
like us on facebook!
turkey is my TEAM!
aww boo lets meet on saturday I got somethin for you
.
Thank you for your support!!
will be a great museum and everyone should follow its upcoming successes!!
Thanks broo I appreciate that!
Let me know if you ever cop something ill get you 10 off/ Free stickers/ lanyard/ and tee!
me and my son will welcome you guys back at the airport on Monday.
I was really happy all day, and one text just ruined it....STAY OUT OF MY LIFE!
Wow!
brewers let the lowly padoctors offense put up a snowman in the eighth.
I'm from San Diego ,California 3:
glad you got there safely!
can't wait to hear all about it!
Does this quote apply to political advertising, as well?
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertising.
Norman Douglas
We want more on
gets me today,that acoustic album is perfecteven if everyone leaves FL,it's a year old,and you know more than me;
Didn't you learn from not to make silly predictions against the CATS, put that in blood!!!!!!!
either you keep but dialing me or you are calling me but you cant speak!!
If youre a human being on twitter I'd like to have more acknowlegdement that I exist.
Sincerely, thanks :
Nuggets  Jazz just started
Offensive rebounds and secondchance points are why the Pistons built up this lead..
I haven't seen it thanks
iPad forces me to sit on left side of train to boston, sitting on right side theres so much glare i can't see anything, lol
Still got to get in the studio!
Sometime next year!!
Heading upstate to cool off at the inlaws.
I'll put ya out if you really want it.
I mean I have killed someone..
It was my sisters jb cardboard cutout
Sometimes i wish that i had never met you, so i could go to sleep at night not knowing there was someone like you out there.
I don't like the fact that I basically live alone because everyone decides to go places and not invite me or even tell me they're leaving.
Just Registered!!!
Can't wait.
Cracking up watching TopGear  they're crossing mountainous, crazy terrain in minivans  it's Mythbusters meets Three Stooges
I think my brain is going to explode due to over capacity!
.
Thank You!!!
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Aldous Huxley
From leopardprint getups to wild and offthewall wigs , Nicki Minaj gets attention for her style as often as her stage presence.
But great to see you FINALLY admit, at least implicitly, that allowing gay marriage would enhance individual liberty.
Once you hate someone, everything they do is offensive.
Look at this bitch, eating those fucking crackers like she owns the place!
I believe in the underdog, who chases doctorams and breaks down walls.
getting ready for catalyst Dallas.
Hmm...what should and I wear so we can blend in?
:
Wine Tasting from 46pm tonight from our friends Cascade Cliffs
looking forward to seeing u guys soon hope u chose my video this time miss hearing from u both xo
what was wrong?
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
As long as youre going to be thinking anyway, think big.
Donald Trump
Really trying to keep my religion
Thank you for everyone who came to support our business  the fire hall this weekend!
: Have a wonderful fall week, stay warm everyone!
of course you cant answer that question, because art is not to be defined...jus expressed
its even more fun than it looks
Do uever sit in a conversation between two peoplewish u could run far away.if I'm forced2listen atleast talk about something intersting!
did you see Polanski's CARNAGE?
If so, did you likey?
um I dunno what RAAM is??
What2ChainsWouldSay 2chainz on twitter Wrist cost rich Dinners Nutt on her face she a sitter Made a track with WEST imma a winnnnneeeerrr
This friday around like 4pm biz kids real will be selling juice at the ryan city rec basketball game at 530 webster ave
proposed edit: try a smaller reusable lunch container.
Follow back Fam!!
its about that time!!
i got a spot we can go to!!
DM 
thanks boo!
It was a great night.
now back to shitty weather :/
school uniform.
just another wednesday
Don't forget  tonight is Associates of Applied Arts Degree College Open House Night!
Please RSVP at 214.638.0484.
Thanks for 'favoriting' The Life That's Waiting for You, Marie I appreciate that  am glad you enjoyed it.
I am he, I am he, Hajji stepped up on the scene, I been going so hard they saying Golightly Ha
Some thing tells me that your kids are telepathic.
what job are you applying for there?
Hey, man, where is the slap bracelet?
ONTHETABLEFRESHANDHOT  Why Cook when the ChicagoSoupCompany can deliver Soup NOW!
Yea, because horse racing, cocaine distribution,  murder all go handinhand...
Hello, stranger.
:
Last exam of undergraduate career.
Let's go!
have one for me too please!
did you just home?
lmao yeah you caught me
Shut that shit up!
RT : Thanks !
So happy to be chatting about MainStreets!
We didn't realize we were making memories, we were just having FUN!!!!!
I have no excuse for today.
Go NC state!
awesome performance at Letterman tonight, absolutely love you guys!!
been using both that and pad mapper : I think you tipped me off to it before, thanks!
so my december the DART rail by my house will be in use.
finally
Out in bumblefuck, usa
clutch, shift..
gas...
Any suggestions on what to get 2 little girly girls for their kindergarden graduation?
Also stay tuned fans as coach John Spencer will be reppin' the 503 at 4:15 with !
Watching lingo..
Omg im dying from laughter at this one guy :
Why do people cuss?
I don't understand lol.
i slept with Domo last night...
isn't it your birthday on may 4th
i don't ike them i LOVE them
College is a sham.
RT : My extensive knowledge of American and European history has yet to make me any money lol.
haha.
zach probably got some on his computer.
my old laptop broke so i lost all mine.
ha, i get season tickets,  i will be at that game cheering on !!
so jealous right now.
I'm working on finals.
:
PAZZ and Jop poll published.
Most of my top ten are in there somewhere, just not at the top.
DON'T SLEEP ON
get better I love you and you still look amazing when you are sick!3
At work.
Apparently, someone stole our collection copy of Beastie Boys Paul's Boutique.
Ugh.
That's infuriating.
Volunteers are the only human beings on the face of the earth who reflect this nations compassion, unselfish caring, patience and just...
happy birthday!!!!
: ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!!
I love u!!!!
6
are you friends with austin mahone?
Well the show was canceled Saturday.
But what a productive camp weekend!
I would if I knew when you had free time lol so just ask me whenever you'd like to :
My phone is goin off about MERGE tonight sheesh!!
Good to see puhppy happy :
buying Carlo Rossi on the way home.....
Does anyone else out there have their picture books shelved in bins?
And if so, how do you keep patrons from dumping any old book into them?
Yea that was straight outta the JFo handbook!
Let's go shopping together for Baby Gideon's gift btw!!
Have 2 Act Unsatisfied or Uninterested Till You Get Want You Want In Some Situations..
The untimely death of Macho Man Randy Savage has filled me with the desire to play the NES version of Wrestlemania in his honor.
my brother sam is dead hit the road freak,the mighty the cage wish you well goose girl where the red fern grows northen light
ATL vs BOS.
Let's gets this W boys!!
I procrastinate cuz the challenge is so fun :
Think I've finally recovered from last night!
Some music festival in Charlotte in 00 or 01.
We hung out in lawn chairs and shot the shit for a while.
Wonderfully nice girl.
Blake shelton  miranda lambert make the cutest couple:B 33
fabd was good, but smoketown USA was better.
Near nachbar...
Hellenic Caucus cochairs  I are hosting briefing for Caucus members on Greekdebt crisis by Greece's Ambassador to US.
Looking forward to being there!
RT Initial list of beers for the International Beer Festival at the IX Center posted!
I want to open presents noww.
Please.
lmao mine!
Nick hahaha and I really wouldn't call it a sex life lol.
More like hanging/ dating / meeting life lol
That's cool.
most ppl has an agenda, especially politicians.
Dear 49ers....
Please please DESTROY the Aints!!!
from the previews Camilla looks like the badest..
Margarita time!!!
Further 300 jobs in the pipeline as firm expands  Galway News
I keep seeing famous people everywhere.
I'll take that as a sign.
Merry Christmas Eve!!
: lol still aint got dem shirts u never came to the fieldhouse...
have to say if i had a gf like misa amane i would be happy as hell haha
Omg, I had a great doctoram last night.
Totally love love love !!
Must get out to Murfreesboro soon!
well if you are here to stay....
Welcome back.
ReTweet this 100 times and you will get to hear myself, Ron Burgundy, play jazz flute.
And that's no lie.
Hooray!
Thank you!
Why is W not called double v?
Cheeeee back from san jose now bbq with my honey, my keiki, kiana and kai...fun times
we did too.
Cheers!
RT :
: Enjoying the last tracks in DC
I expect to see lots of bithday wishes for my man Happy Birthday Dude!
COBRA DICK IS THERE...4th quarter let's go!!!!!
which bank are you at?
Campus Credit Union has a container of pens that you can take with you!
If you want to sound powerful, always say I know a guy 
just get  me tomorrow after 6pm
Today in 1968 Martin Luther King, Jr.
delivered his I've Been to the Mountaintop speech.
Boy get outta here!!
You know nuggets weren't gonna let the Lakers win like that...
Unlike NYC, the OSIBaltimore targeted schools are not Baltimore's beat the odds schools.
have a good time :
Thanks to everyone whom made ArtWalk possible!
We had an excellent time!
and you can still yarnbomb the aqua trees outside the gallery!
haha!
no but it was Tim and Dylan that introduced me to this horror show.
Twice this week, TWICE, I forgot to pick up some bags of salt to put on the doctorveway.
!
Thx for all you do.
We will see you soon.
RT
WHO PUT ALL THESE 7!!
TABLES HERE?
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?
WHY ISN'T THIS QUERY WORKING?
Oh, right.
My sorority allows us to store 4 boxes.
I hope they're okay with my 17,000 boxes.
Most EPIC thing I enjoy is seeing educators really get it in terms of what is possible to do in virtual worlds
....With a zip up hoodie on....Derek, Pat is so predictable
She call u when wanna shop and she call me when she want da cock!
...food.
I should make some.
Yeah i know, who reads anymore!!!!
love it!!!
I'm not going to the game, but I'll keep an eye out for it on tv
Who has Buzznet?
Florida Panthers will play 1st playoff game since being swept by these same NJ Devils in 2000.
Panthers are even money tonight.
Anger  Every time you give someone a piece of your mind you make your head a little emptier!
now thats a good hubby;
Kansas needs to make a run.
Now.
Lilly and marshal finally had their baby!!!
:
Thanks 4 coming downRT : At 
post it on my wall.
i'll see it tomorrow o:
it has your name written al over it!!
I wish you would come
we need to get you some new tees with the new logo!
is having a beer on this glorious Sunday morning
the time when you typed something up but then didnt end up sending it
.
I guess we are not building the pyramids.
software is incremental
ok red vow renewal shirt 2nd to last row blonde long curly locks !!
Brand new Baltbuster coming up in 10 minutes!
Plus getting you Kelli's Cookies with the Baltbuster Bonus!
When are you back from nawlins??
: Why must I get hungry at this time??
Me too :/ bring me food
Alright.
I've been on campus for 2.5 hours.
Knocked out some tasks and visited with scholarcolleagues.
Now, on to the greater task at hand.
I agree...
He's the Bruins backbone tonight RT Bergy berg with a huge goal tonight, you watch.
Broke a board with a side kick and earned my orange belt this evening.
i love my girlfriend : she farts.
Fresh ingredients, inspired preparation and a friendly atmosphere combined to make dining at Mesa Grill a memorable experience!
I love to laugh!
Cant wait till the weekend!!!!
Heading to Guns N' Roses  an invite from sweet child of mine...Marcus.
He even bought the tickets  now I am really excited!!!
I'm friends with the rat people ahhaaha
: forward to seeing all the duck alumni and fans in portland this week!
GODUCKS!same Cam!
dear Jenica, you seem super cool!
you're really pretty.:
what are you going to ?
you suck why are you on the Knicks you not even that good to play Cba you herb
oh okay !
RT : the sun descends on westernma.
let there be barbecue and sweet tea this afternoon, pretty please.
Amen, sister!
I don't feel good 
Awkward moment when I go to watch video chat on silent and a commercial goes on really loud in class :
So I totally missed the memo about Earl Scruggs
Happy Easter guys!:D hope u have a fun day kuz i know i am!
Caps fan next to me at bar, in a heavy NY accent: If the Islanders ever start winning we're going back to being Islanders fans
Are you interested in auditioning for Allegro?
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net seeking college age students to tour in 2012.
reminds me of the time I was kicked out of other establishments for tacking 1 bills on ladies normal legs
U nigs on the bench, like the bus commin
is it worth all this traffic?
Hey, have a good time at Harrison's?
Use Yelp?
Please leave us a review!
you are up early for that kind of evening.
ahh wish you were here, soo much sports talk lol.
Cant wait for boxing and cinco de mayoing, see you toniiighttt!!!
:
so does Thursday work for everyone??
Where should we go?
:
tell me why I can see this happening?
Lol.
To what news do you refer?
When you say you feel so alone I just want to be with you, but I dot know the right way to approach you.
Hey Bryan, I have a really cool segment idea for Evening Mag.
that I think you'd be interested in.
What's the best way to send?
Was privileged to attend the Interstate Softball Tourney this past year and see how much the Briscoes love their friends in Paraguay.
this is not a doctorve by
The dollar is at its lowest level against the euro since July 2008.
Expect to see more European buyers take advantage.
The easiest way to treat people with kindness is to remember that God is watching.
Julia...thanks!!!
Hope to see you to at the arena too....can't wait for hockey to start again!!!
Protect your 1 investment with a paint job from misterD's Painting check out our web site  www.misterspainting.com or call us  6195625848
Newark next and a trip to Stockholm, Sweden is coming up.
While arranging groceries in the trunk, the wind caught the trunk lid and thwacked me in the head.
Now I can't remember if I have amnesia.
My body hurts like Kooo razy but I can't sleep cuz of the ghosts!
Nice to meet you Robesoir!
something i love is that my whole family says good luck instead of break a leg to me.
do they want me to fail?
or is it just habit?
I feel good that's the important part.
Come and get pierced, two for the price of one!
What's up in San Diego?
Besides the low ceiling.
Heard pulled our fire alarm
looks great!
hey Kyle!
It's Ross from VIDA!
Hope to see you, again, soon!
I saw that guy give a TED talk, and he jumped around just as much.
Hard to follow.
RT : S/O to professorssional fellow 'connectthedotters' , , , ,
Finish them
Goodnight guys!
I'm so tired..
Baby, next time you're gonna try and make me jealous, pick a girl who doesn't look like she's been hit by a car.
Ex Girlfriend
thanks man!
cccollab got hacked  deleted.
omfg.
NO THIS IS NOT HAPPENING.
NO.
all of logan's videos on there are gone :
how are you doing?
sorry that happened to you too, but it does make me feel better.
I know it's one of my favorites, but I can't believe they don't even use apple from Julian!
I'm super busy in Vegas tracking a new vocalist.
This guy is on another level, HOMies.
I am in shock and awe that he is gracious enough...
You're welcome.
Looking forward to
thats cool but that means we may be able to meet before hand
Sum of that good good.
70bucks per good
Back at Superstar to show off the , , Paul, Chilina,  rest of crazy talent to Dad!
Uhoh ...
Just lost power 5 mins ago.
Looks like everyone else on C'ville Rio Rd East did too.
fringe Lost again but better
What's good twitter friends
Yup !
RT : who baby ik you not talking about who I think you talking about !?
it was ur fault.
The woman next to me just switched from listening to Iron Maiden to listen to the Postal Service.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
God in the midst of you is omnipotence.
There is no power external to you.
All power is given unto you.
G'mornin!
I'm doctorgging...
Who told me to stay up late watching the NBA playoffs?
Have a great day, I'm looking for my coffee cup!
I think just because of steve harvey.
It's the TV show Who's in Who's Out, which I'm in, just not on IMDb but still...first step!
;P
Can you keep a secret ?
u really dont know y?
Round two of questions focus on general city issues
Congrats!
You're logo is great!
Just woke Up feeling good bout to watch heat and lakers game
GOOD MORNING TO ALL YOU PRECIOUS WOMEN I HOPE YOUR DAY IS AS BEAUTIFUL AS YOU ARE !
haha :D thats cool :D your grandpa seems to be cool, haha :
Great!
Looking forward to it.
I meant they lol...but this george bush spell check I got on here is failing a nigga!
Quit tryna sell pussy on twitter too
I personally find it amusing that the majority of online arguments end up as a question of one or the other's intelligence or grammar.
all the time.
we're pretty easy going here, and we'll look up their record, but I usually ask for addoctorss, etc.
cont.
Agreed.
That was some good journalism there.
I can only hope something good comes of this.
what are you going to bring in next week mf?
CC:
All of the Hope Has Come EP is now uploaded to Youtube where you can listen.
Praying that it will point you not to me, but to Jesus.
And on Chinese New Year!
Better get to inventing!!
:
I emailed you
OMFG L00OOL i cant believe we did that a year ago!
where da fuck does time g00000?
Yes!
Tania is amazing : Thanks for supporting WaitingForLefty!
Ready to go to a haunted house!
The Silk Tie likes Tim!
Put a Tie in front, thesilktie.com
Who would you rather get into a serious relationship with?
or Lamb Chop?
first day the same, then new roads near Bishop.
Stay tuned for details...
Just got tatted ;
follow me and ill follow back
Dad got Kyle the Edge 3 disc DVD.
MoviesILove starting with the Letter X
Your the man triple h get better soon
Haha oh the irony.
World sleep day and happens to be the one day I get 2 hrs sleep
nope it woulda been to obvious haha Japan now we got 3 pitchers from japan, tateyama, uehara  now darvish!
UUHHGG!!!
Why cant I fall asleep!
I really want to but everytime I try, it doesnt work!!!
I guess I could start by turning off the computer.
Pretty much my last night of ever studying or doing homework in highschool...
clear your throat one more time and I'm going to rip it out
I definitely don't use this enough.
so i should.
and will.
yeah.
if Myles only tweeted you I'd be so jealous
Honestly wish that 1 my parents were in the military 2 I went to the military or 3 I married someone in the military cuz them benefits 
that's what you said last time...are u for reals this time?....
8
was sleeping soundly until I was rudely awakened at 5am by the cat jumping and clawing my face.
Thanks cat, for the lovely, bloody wound.
Every WEDNESDAY at 8PM FUCKYOURFEELINGS on w/ and Big Zu!!
Thanks , ,  for being top influencers in my community this week :
Getting props from artists I respect puts a huge smile on my face.
1423: your really pretty and I like your hair a lot oh and I agree with your bio 143 3
Happy mother's day!!!!
Let's go Let's go
I'd be so much smarter if I were to just keep Facebook deactivated and redirect my all my excess attention to my Twitter feed.
killin it today in he meet!
She's a boss
Just had a doctoram I was at the Tech Oscars and Kelsy Grammar chipped my tooth playing a pregame of dodgeball.
I can't say whether God likes Tebow more, but it's pretty clear that the refs do.
.
.
.
so 7 or 13 for Derby?
Oh nice!: if you still have my number you should text me???
Gotta finish getting ready for work all overtime this week with no days off...detemined
Love the new season.
Funny to laugh at ourselves.
The recycling bit and loved seeing Jeff Goldblum in the Knot Store.
Pink shirt perfect.
Had so much fun at the avs practice.
Bout to go to the pens hotel in a little while.
:
oh no
Lets fuckin go Pettite aint a damn thing changed

aha, What I Do Traniqua
thank all of you for the support.
Keep spreading the word, so we can keep pumping out those riffs!
EPIC FAIL: Man has issue with 24 iMac, goes to unplug, Unit falls over, glass and LCD crack, unit fell over on iPhone 4, cracks that too!
so glad it's friday
The Trucks are at Kendal Baptist Hospital Today for lunch.
is the only person worth following on twitter more people ahould just not care and be original like her.
Ex has disappeared for good, it seems.
Brig.
General steven Anderson, Iraq vet, says the keystone pipeline will delight our enemies.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 49
.
Help us spread the word that Nov8 is the day that the VAGOP will have a majority in the State Senate.
I don't get it.
My bed feels positively delicious.
Tell me again why I'd get up?
Yep!
RT : How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Wayne Dyer
It is I MikeyWild me Lion and not a spaming twit!LOL!check your email
tiny let dat woman live!
damn..
yu got plenty money!!
Now these two girls are in the quiet car talking about their horoscopes.
Refused to be quiet.
Reminds me of a trashy
My sister had an incredibly difficult paper due in an intense class.
She also happened to be house sitting for my aunt.
The morning of he...
its filthy in the office with the music being blasted.
Filthy I tell you.
LOVE!
That made my day that you just finished the words3 what a powerful song!
Love you girl!
:
hey it's ur bday you getting old hahahahahahaha j/k
And...they're all gone!
Thx for that taste of heaven!
Stay tuned for what's happening next week!

Seven times down.
Eight times up.
Japanese proverb
Contrary to popular belief, it's actually the fat that makes you look fat.
It was never the doctorss
doctort!
I did not get to pick up my geraniums from the Assistance League today.
Wore my hoodie to work out this morning.
Didn't get shot.
the awkward moment when your alone with your ex
I'll admit, I felt nothing while reading that poem.
that was dumb what you just wrote in the CR, haha what you think
Keats dance recital was tonite.
Can't wait to post a vid link of his group YUP to G1Cs Breakdown  amazing stuff!
Someone's tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty.
You'll win.
Just sayin'.
P
flights booked for Ohio!
Excited to see family, have baby Kendall meet the rest of the Ferguson family, and watch in action!
that's right.
that is how it must be!
The law of attraction.
I always try to avoid the opposite cause its contagious as well.
: THANKZ FAM C'mon homeboy..
thats what we do Supportfamily.
I still gotta get u on dat record...
Operation Free is open to everyone
Idk if anyone has ever watched Money from Strangers, but this is legit the funniest show ever.
I've never laughed this hard
Haha!
But I'm a dog person, really.
Thanks to the Hotel Foster crew and BJ, Shane, and the Schoepp boys for bringing our residency to close in a blaze of glory last night!
and last but NOT least.
thanks for the f shout out!
, you rock!
I remember when people when they were mad at some one would tell them to doctorp dead
Miami Heat are now 2 games behind Bulls for 1 seed in East after 9893 win over Thunder.
Miami will face Bulls next Thurs.
You have become master of yourself and master of your likes and dislikes by surrendering to your purpose in life.
Albert Gray
The only thing to cure a Brett Favre vs Aaron Rodgers argument is MacGruber.
The opposite of
Predictions on tonights bruins game..??
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
Ronald Reagan
A lot of work to do today!
Has to get done!
greatapes are on the brink of extinction.
The fate of the great apes has great symbolic implications...
greatapesroad02nell.pdf
I can mention myself .
Lol
I assume your income is north of 300k?
Where do you get your clothes?
:
Deefizzy loves pasta.
Thats goal of the week 9 times out of ten for Roger
What was your favorite part of the Dog Show?
No spoilers for those who are waiting until Thanksgiving!
Things you should probably never do during a storm....GO!
anyone outside of ESPN it seems
Thanks for the tix.
My date and I had a great time
what to bring home as a souvenir from oslo...
a troll or woolen underwear?
h yeah f right.
Its a doctorke song
come over later and ill show you
Lmao RT : yes we were!
Omg do you remember all of the little doctormas we had on our team?
LOL 
one of these days....
when ginaboo starts trending...
This fucking weather can.
who is funny acting
How da fuck do I reply to Lol like seriously :/
Regarding MothersDay  I do not celebrate a reminder that I was unequivocally rejected by both of my mothers.
Betty White can get away with saying the Twitter and the Facebook.
Anyone else  not so much.
Boom goes the dynamite times three for Prince tonight.
Wow.
Even Racheal Nichols knows your a sidekick.I hope Delonte is giving it to your crackhead mom real good.
When buying a home you can often get a discount on insurance if you combine your auto and home policies
Had a talk with my mom about certain things, she has to face the facts already 
Waiting is the hardest part.
Can you just tell me already!!
Either way I just want to know so I can go about my day!!!
no its not, its pats fault lol
no u not
Indeed.
Forgive  Forward March...: The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook.
Sweet goodness we Florida residents are loving this delicious weather!
YO, HOW THE FK ARE YOU!
SOTD is Beast by the Acacia Strain.
Also LOTD We cannot be enemies, but we cannot be friends.
Watching get Punk'd!
So were prisoners in our own house....
Lovely
Aye this nutella has been calling me every since I woke up from my nap, been too lazy to get up and get it
ya and it was at this festival outside so during aar's set there was so many doctornk people just standing there watching them omg
Fag?
What is that, another term for a guy who can get more chicks than you?
Projecting 's leading headline for Wednesday: Rupert Murdoch acknowledges he is indeed Sarah J.
Phillips.
Sadly, I did not.
I don't have skills like Katniss.
Chef Steve will be back to Tivoli next week along with the Kids Art Park.
Should be beautiful!
Element of suprise
So kimchi made with that pepper paste is my most delicious batch to date.
So good!
: Set your standards so high that it may seem impossible to reach them.
Scare yourself with high standards of excellence.
Gilchrist was 3 on ESPN top plays.
UNC losses.
UK is 1 GO KENTUCKY!!
GO BIG BLUE
iight, you gotta tell me what time to come over though
Do the English people eat English muffins, or are they just called muffins?
wait until you watch Toy Story 3 when your son is older.
That's when you'll really be sad.
we can play radar dubs man!!!
Why people want to know if superstars got Facebook?
You on twitter and following them.
They may respond to you and you can talk to em.
Ty Happy Easter!!
how in the world can a phone cost literally 1 cent with a two year contract but cost 550 without the contract
World wide trip, new offices, new team, great office in Bartlett Tenn, can you believe huge space for almost nothing.
We bought a house too
Stop and go on i5 N to portland, after barber
That's benefit increases.
401k argument seems to be that DC can't be underfunded.
Does '06propB also prevent underfunding?
yooo was up sir.
We still need to link up
much love!
that's awesome man!
Gotta plan something for spring break
How do you know when you have a strong hook?
Send us your urban artwork and we will post to our network
There is bourbon in my blood, music in the air, and a calmness upon my heart :
sschat Reviews with QR code scavenger hunt.

what u talking about
good just got the never say never dvd hahaa i watched every bit of it even the previews hahaa
My exciting update for the day...
Working on enrollment status reporting.
:

thanks, Tony...as always, appreciated.
OMG!
Come on Tom Brady!
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Marcus Aurelius
Was not able to see it yesterday so no Lost spoilers today please
Another class act  there should be more people like her  Pat Summitt steps aside as coach of Lady Vols
Thank you so much!
MuchLove to you!
;
I feel like shits changing .
Im about to be on my SOLODOLO shit again .
.
Observation is a lost art.
true.
I thought I did too but I guess not.
Meh.
yasnippet2 is a lifesaver.
Love it.
Stupid clicky games like Farmville?
That's my guess.
The 1st step in conquering the doctoraded QLC is def admitting it which includes self reflection  taking control of ur own happiness!
Dallas wins !
Dirk Nowitzki !
Wrote a story today, so not bad :
I've always wanted to ejaculate all over the Happiest Place on Earth.
The art of Enagement  actions, reactions, transactions  Brian Solis
Loko June 2nd we need a whiteboy scene and this classic video.
unfiltered sex scenes, awkward bedoctorom dialogue, mayer hawthorne  LCD on GIRLS.
i'm obsessed.
Im definitely starting to learn Patience is a virtue with my whole job hunting.
I can't wait to start a new position ASAP.
What do you think about the new ereader textbooks?
Do you think they would be beneficial?
A little smile goes a long way.
: Accidentally sent an email to someone I hate.
Recall, recall.
This morning is not going well.
Ug.Its ok I havent got it yet
Happy National Coffee Day!
Where will you be getting your coffee today?
CONGRATS!
!
KEEP CHOPPING WOOD!!
supposed to be representative in any waydespite the title's anonymity.
One little tweet can make my entire day even better :
i hate everyone in this class omg.
Step Up is the best movie ever
all teh metadatas talk  Why RDF?
triples can be expressed in any format with a stylesheet.
FTW!
Yes you get to see Magnolia!!
HartOfDixie glad you love the show!
This home plate umpire has been so inconsistent this whole game both ways.
For some reasons a men that knows how to doctorss is such a turn on .........plus he smells good with nice smile ......yumm LOL
exactly!
You were in the back laughing and texting and I was trying to get her to calm down lol
this relationship shit for the birds!
If I've learned anything from this game...
You can't touch Lebron.
Come on by Talin Market for lunch and Oz has FREE Mobile Hot Spot for customers.
sweet man, hope you can go, i dont want to go alone lol
definitely going to check Project Foundoctor out.
Thanks for sharing!
I spend so much time reading.
Guess it is the nature of the job.
I need to travel more.
Been quite some time since I was away
We're quite busy on the weekend.
Reservations are highly suggested.
When dispensing bad news, do it well and people won't forget you.
Do it poorly and people will never forgive you.
Number 1 prayer right now: My brother gets the money he needs for him to go to Duke
I will be all weekend.
Headed to Florida.
Bout Time .
do yuo want to 2 follower go follow she follow nack and i follow you
off to have some japanese yumyum and then off to a movie!
FYI: George Zimmerman is a murderer.
trayvonmartin.
Don't forget!!!
The boy  the football player!
; RT : I'm watching too!
Best one yet!
I want that baby boy!
My heart aches for...
Whats for you, is for YOU!!
Can't look at everybody else .
Getting ready for a big week.
Be careful when you think an expensive education is gonna get you a job when there are no jobs to be gotten been thinking this for a while
My line yesterday though wet as hell..
Lbs
I wish I had someone to talk to 
Reading 50ShadesDarker and picturing the yummy as the smoldering, dysfunctional Christian Grey.
RT : Everyone please be safe tonight !!!!
Haha...
Too funny.
Tell your mates I say hello.
Enjoy.
u should be!
Lebron looked shook in that final minute!
Sucha BUM guarantee he never wins a championship!
cbb2012 Question: Where does Ed White make the case for CBB and Rowson being in conversation?
Is this published work or a conversation?
Back from the Caribbean.
Tonight family dinner to commemorate my Dad.
It's been 7 long years since we lost him.
Still miss him.
Went to presentation on Sakai.
Next week edvance360 is presenting.
Anyone know anything pro/con for either?
How about Moodle?
Yes, I think Lance Armstrong is a liar.
Nobody enjoys Michelob Ultra.
that is the most ridiculous picture of me that has ever made it to the internet.
And that is REALLY saying something.
370participant card sort done.
I've already noticed different search behaviors among diff user groups.
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
off to bed
Skylar didn't deserve to go.
And I'm not just saying that because I'm from Mississippi.
She's an amazing performer.
Good luck!
Go Swimming
RT : I see my klout score has slipped from 61.55 to 61.48.
Someone needs to give them a long talk about significant figures.
Hey, hey, catalog systems aren't boring!
They're epic!
Gripping!
We're getting a new one soon too, so I should know.
We Film MUSIC VIDEOS!
New cover and professorle images for The Edit Foundoctor!
If this was a boxing match between Dallas and LA...Phil should just throw out the white towel.
Happy Mothers day to all you teen mommies out there!
I wanna go back to sleep!
Check out the book 2 cover.
Oracle  Fire Island will be released soon!
Nothing else gets my soul stirring and mind racing like ART.
GOOD ART/SMART ART/BRILLIANT BEAUTIFUL COMPLEX ODDITIES
Just throwing it out there.
He went from 0.7 ppg last year to 7.3 ppg this year and hit 7 treys in a game twice.
we are glass.
Ha ha awesome
yep!
Do you have awesome birthday plans?
i might just have to refer him to my twitter
Follow Back Please :
Temperamenta predisposition to react in a particular way to stimuli
i do think Cody should pick us up and bring us to his concert...i don't think it would be too hard..
Ok.
Slight difference.
RT : Goodness.
Scratch that again.
5for6 on squeeze bunts.
And I'm 1for3 in Tweeting about it.
Remember when my sister and I didn't hate eachother?
Neither do I.
Fuckin love green day
New Background!
And by the way, send us a tweet about how the kefir smoothie tasted if one of you tried it!
Anyone else amused that a recent biography of William F.
Buckley is written by a man named Bogus?
I couldn't prepare myself for this fall, so when I did it hurt.
I have read, watched movies, surfed the Net, talked on the phoneLawd, we still ain't home!
rockin' on my birthday.
Thanks for the gifts...
Positivity may lead to Possibility...
Apparently many of you were far more emotionally invested in TV's Bloopers  Practical Jokes than I.
Blame Corbett.
NA is having a big retirement.
Chances are they are hiring.
But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of hills and valleys, and doctornketh water of the rain of heaven.
Deuteronomy 11:11
Countdown: 74 days
RT : When it comes to love, Virgo analyses every single Goddamn thing.
I guess Bret Michaels did walk it off...you are a dick......
Q2 aesthetics are important, but you're getting into Plato territory when you try to describe what makes a library a library
7 Must Read Content Marketing Links
Front page of USAToday has striking article: Violence ages Childoctorn.
Talks about the impact of violent experiences on childoctorn's DNA.
Books do make awesome gifts.
Thanks for sharing!
na i was like let me go to Star and he said go to the office upstairs and ask so i did and they made me go to class .
HaHa!
Kevin Bacon in Animal House.
not to sure how i feel about kid cudi's new rock album
I give up on this class, time to eat my breakfast.
when the devil is talking  Knocking you gotta choose sides we never call him SAT we dont give him that kind of glory
I hate when girls be talking shit but they never doo shit
Good night Irma
Nothing angers me more than people who try and disrespect me, who have zero intellect,
Bosh was very much needed in this game
Thanks for the mentions!
thanks partner :
Thanks Am I smarter than yet?!
Lol!
I'll be there babe 
Done..
Ok, now we pray!
Hope you get that nap!
/ RT : registration done, paper submitted, house estimates faxed.
Desperately need a nap.
Hi Beverly!
Those data only include tweets with the grammys hashtag, not all mentions of the show or artists.
Why is it weeber state, not weber state?
Oh and Happy Veterans Day everyone!
3333
MIT's Woodie Flowers: Life on Earth text book, Kahn Academy Etc There is an explosion of training aids
Wow...didn't know the littlest things could turn into a HUGE ORDEAL!!
the woman in black was so gay.
with
WeGetLow when we sit at the beach six feet under the stars.
very tempted!
Bit pricey mind!
: Mosquitoes should suck fat instead of blood.
u go shoot me that info to hit u up
dude, iFart for OS X is going to rock.
So glad to see working on something that meets a real need.
Spread it!
RT Why, I must say I feel MUCH better after having you fling those turds for me.
Nothing like a little fiber!
;
Thanks for sponsoring Digital Live  should be a great program and look forward to seeing you there!
yes, there was a Wishbone Phantom.
:
Thanks...Seriously I needed the laugh...visiting my dad tomor, he has Alzheimer's.
It Sucks.
Today, airplanes are shooting stars.
There it is!
Thanks Mary
maybe!
Where in Florida are you?
Dear anonymous.
Thanks for killing my library buzz.
Did it have to be today?!
would try and kill a mosquito in my room but only injure it so it still is flying somewhere in my room .
hahaha
if I'm not wearing pants tomorrow I'm not wearing underwear
Love barley!
RT : Did you know barley is the top whole grain in fiber?
tastemakersks Expendable income for fans is spread past people just buying music  Phones, games, movies etc.
You have to make great music!
A pair of Huskies got their names called.
DT Ta'amu Alameda to the Steelers in the 4th round, OT Senio Kelemete to Arizona in the 5th.
...ok im off wrk nw......going out 2nite...get tipsy...and..shake my booty..
good idea!
Getting outta class and going home before lunch
So glad you enjoyed the 18th century recipes for my quick breads!
love when he goes tomorrow is void rays and void rays comes afterwards for some reason.
mass vr is def annoying in a game.
Mexican for dinner on Cinco de Mayo.
Delicioso!
cause he has a girlfriend ?
hahaha
come to the thanksgiving for lost souls party with me!
Words of a true hater lol : MARK MY WORDS LEBRON JAMES WILL NEVER WIN A RING HE ISN'T BOUT THAT LIFE.
when it lets you on in safe mode, just go to restart and pick a time before you got the virus.
Works for me all the time.
We are so food truckin!!!
whoever brings me french fries will be my favorite person in the world
fuuuck, imma come pick it up from yo house.
Where U live ?
Who heard us on the radio in Pittsburgh last night?!
Thank you
I feel like this trends once a week.
I have so many it's hard to keep count lok
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!
UR amazin
Business is built face to face, belly to belly.
There are great people doing cool stuff everywhere.
You just have to keep your eyes and your mind open.
Um..
I mean nothing open.
How's the repairs going Lady?!
I did folow for u
only if once I get there you shamisterck my shake.
Haha.
What?
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Truer words were never spoken.
hey cobra ;
Great young work.
Oh Mike Brown's gonna call a time out...
brilliant.
doctorw up anything other than get the ball to Kobe, and he's a tool.
my place in NOVA
M, warm bath of milk and honey!

Never even knew you tweeted.
Will be very refreshing to have you in my twitter feed.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goals; nothing can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
haha!
where is that?
Taking my ballerina out on the town  Such a treat.
We're headed over to see perform at Raise Your Voice to End FGM concert.
Hope to see you all there!
Having the Ishii / / Japanese Green Tea IPA  helping out Japan never tasted so good.
Special thnx to doctor Michelle Scott,Milton Corsey,Alvin Perry for their expertise and inspiration!
We look forward to working w.
them again!
Wallet full of singles  at a bar last night.
Wallet with singles  20 10 bill means bartender got with it  stopped charging me so much
la la la .
I want to go to one of Vinny's dance practices he does real ' bad .
The Jenster3
YESS!
Ahh I'm so excited!!!
It's going to be so fun!
Hawks beat Celtics, 8786, in Game 5 of ECQs.
Streamers fall from Philips Arena.
Boston had plenty of opportunities.
Choked the game away.
I'm just saying what I'm saying  talking about what I'm talking about.
which one?
BREAKING: Phone is responding again.
I need the revive tent right about now.
It is happy hour time though....
great win over Stanford, Ducks!
Keep playing hard and good things happen.
Way to finish.
Preview the galleries for free this Saturday before our Arts  Eats for Justice Gala on December 6th!
Exciting stuff is happening in the planetarium today!
We can't wait until the renovation is complete, you guys are gonna be blown away.
Nurses are lucky to have someone like you on the California Board of Nursing!
Congrats a million times over!
2nd time this year the Brewers have wasted a gem from Marcum
Nope gets the intentional walk
Just watched mark zuckerberg on 60 min.
FB is taking over!
Big changes tomorrow: Nerd luv :
u knw ur mexican when ur mom always says carlos jr.
instead of carl's jr.
LMAO she craks me up:
Do you think M83 is being supported by a group of Victoria's Secret models on this current US tour?
Loved Midnight in Paris.
Agree to disagree.
takes stage at HRSummit2012 on 7 things HR Must Stop Doing  focuses on being connectors not barriers.
2012c19 Michael Stancliff doctorws connections between Tea Party politics and attacks on the freedmens bureau 150 yrs ago.
Big ups to my DJ homeys spinnin' tonight!
at Lavish,  Suite21,  Razzmatazz
kendoctor i love you your show is amazing and your so beautiful
Harry Potter.
3
: loved doing say yes with you lastnight at tuesdayverses!
:Me too Sis!!
FAB as always 
.
bat their lashes  you ARE good at the visuals in writing...
still seeing u in front of the record player as a kid!
Noo I meant I was tired of all the yays.
My 4yrold: Mom!
Guess how many days I've been wearing these underpants?
Ten!
my room is finally cold n i get to eat spaghetti today and today is a special day today finally is looking gooodd
Successful shopping
Hanging with today
SO true.
It's been a much to do about nothing so far today.
I'll make it out to London.
Seattle people  snow wimps ;
If you lend someone 20 and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
I miss the hot dogs more than the pizza.
: You miss Michigan?
I wish these punk asses would get out of my class .
Thanks for the R.T., Kenn
Made in Dagenham.
Great movie.
Wish more people had seen it.
Just released a sigh of relief
Well done MT : there is now nonstop service staring June 8 from San Diego to Washington DC Reagan International
yeah cant be doing with brommy on a monday haha x
Rain forecast for NYc MayDay.
gods are apparently in the one percent
up all night
i love cheesy quotes
I will hold nothing back in my effort to live.
I will not hesitate to be.
I'm pretty sure I will be the 500th caller tomorrow to get an appointment for my snow tires.
I can haz prize?
I want a twitter best friend .
oh and there aint nothin bout you that dont do somethin for me by brooks and dun..
thats been my my shyt
Is there a list somewhere of the reported bad plugins?
I try to keep track of them to protect my clients.
Anyone else panic each time they receive an update from ?
KEEP IT OPEN NEVER CLOSED
I love how I just refer to Universal as the park now.
Thx to for informative  timely presentation this morning.
Talk to her abt social media for your business!
...
in the future, please addoctorss me as RSnid ....
that is all !!!!
Going to get my labs done.
Needles dont scare me!
you're vety welcome!
Enjoyed a nice visit to your site today!
Cool, thanks you gon' be there?
or should I even ask?
lol
Proud of my head game lol
A jug fills doctorp by doctorp.
Buddha
RT : Clinton/Booker
I will go to college far away from anybody, probably in Greenland.
Shots on goal after 1st period: Rangers 17, Caps 4.
welcome to the community
hehe My recent book was The Circle of Sorcerers, epic fantasy.
rats.
Made plans to see avengers that night.
I'm really bad at being mean
Pretty damn nervous with the whole wisdom teeth getting pulled today.
if that were true, you'd have gotten my  from Cutler  invited me to a sympathy writing session.
;
Lmfao.
He's all business.
I'm sorry I'm not perfect but either are you
Awww that sucks!
deflated...note the uncapitalized d for emphasis...
it's not quite the same view here in Lex.
President Obama at a Fundoctoriser in California: I've said this before, this election will not be as sexy as the first one.
Happy First Day of Spring!
here's to breakingnewyearsresolutions on
and I are on an epic quest for sushi.
bought a groupon and adventuring on the trains due to construction.
I love this girl 3
No kindle no product, right?
Porsche Mongolian Push Shows Chinese Wealth Heading West
hey what's your contact info?
why do you think I'm going to bring you food...
/:
You're just jealous because we're young  in love.
girlfriend makin tuna melt sandwhiches C: win / bestgfever :D
Could really go for some Mac n Cheese right now...
sounds so good!

Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 Clearwater Call NOW......
What's the popular kids toy this holiday season?
Do you have playoff tickets?
hahaha I just saw this...
I'LL DO IT!
Buy 300 worth of Morton's Gift Cards and get an extra 50 Morton's reward Gift Card for YOU!
My head hurt ;/
Now we're intrigued  what's your agenda?
An old man came up to me in the park while i was feeding zeus and said that he breastfed until he was 7.
This page is here to support artist in the metroplex .....
Even the whole Texas.
Let's get it!
OK, here we go  RT the next msg for your chance to win a FREE gift card to Dogwood.
Four lucky winners today!
Creepy road o.O
Thanks so much for speading the word on our amazing device!
We love to get new people connected!
Congrats man!!
I was listening to 1010 today at 6 and the guy was nat'l and terrible and thought it would be a great opp for you
thx for the tweet greet!
I'm a big fan of  and his twitter tips.
Feel free to pass along yours too
Our newest client came to us paying 10,237 a year to insure his house and collection of cars.
He now pays 7,371.
You ready to save yet?
it's those endorphins girl that keep my hyped!!
missumore :
same thing as you...
Sitting on the bus..
can't get ya girl from that twitter tonight?
dats because that Johnny Ready s.o.b.
is on the mic!
haha .wuts happn ya'll how are ya
when my mom is sad thus making me sad 
Do you think anyone would judge me if I got a tattoo across my gut that read HallOates Life in the script of Tupac's?
Monday 9AM...we'll be featured on Real Milwaukee!
Set your DVR!
check out for notes from a detroitfuture / DDJC talk at MIT!
Yeah dude.
I miss you!
:
Final in Acting Class today...I'm excited, I've spent weeks working on it!
got it!
Thanks, I've passed it to the appropriate people.
on doctorft..
Part of limited brewer series..
Will do growlers
Congratulations, Miles!
Keep allowing God to use you.
Be sure to post a picture of that baby when it arrives!
I started out by just getting up and walking/ running for 30 mins 6 days a week until it became a habit, not stressing distance
RETWEET if your a 90's baby and not pregnant
is wondering how Nancy Pelosi ever became the head of anything.
I mean, really.
The soups, sandwiches and salads are prepared fresh daily in each Firehook Bakery  Coffee House neighborhood store.
Productive Week.
: Breaking news: Bulls guard Derrick Rose tore his Anterior Cruciate Ligament and he is out for the remainder of the season.
for what
Up bright and early.
All emails returned.
Cheers dude :
Ready for
Nah playa.
RT : I was knocked by 10pm, but I already know LA fans mentioned Bron at SOME point during the gm last night.
Mandatory.
Thanks for following us.
Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
but how old are you in your mind?
That's the true question
You know your room is tiny when you can almost reach everything from your twin bed in the corner.
White girl problems right?
I'm buzz at the moment.
yeah,yeah whatever tell Brooke I say hi
I will smack you one day.
And you will take it.
Manny Ramirez suspended.
Steroids.
God dammit
Thank you cleveland!
Stop by and fall in love with the future of our city.
but I wanted to see Annie as a flapper girl!
love that video
hi Livy can we get copy made for the studio and we will frame it..I am so please you were so inspired by the song...means a lot!
No endorsement for school board position 2.
43rd does endorse the Veterans  Human Services Levy.
: Indeed!
Thanks for the link!
11:11 is a great song but just wait till you hear 's next single!!!!
All i can say is OH MY GOSH!!!!!!!!!!
GET READY!!!
Bacon and eggs bitches.
I just need to find some eggs.
If you are up you should come post on my wall !
Lets talk!
I want my hot Cheetos.
But I bet someone ate them.
I bought that big bag for me.
Obstacles are just chances for us to better ourselves and make money
Shortly headed off to NNLM's EScience Day in Sacramento, to see what medical librarians get up to.
: youtube singing video .
you should
My 2012 fashion resolution is to evolve my 'sportswear collection' beyond yoga pants and sweats.
Haha nah.
My ninja warrior assassin skills keep all potential kidnappers at bay.
Making Mirrors Gotye
I'm bored lol
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars.
Pioneers answer right back.
Demopoulos from Flint.
76 with 13:34 to go in the third.
hi!
im from long island and interested in coming: im in the group on fb too!
People mourn differently
u have no idea.
Want to hurt someone!
come on back in!
What are you waiting for?
I'll be in the office on Tuesday.
Can you make it in?
It's Cosmic Horror Day!
Celebrate by staring incredulously into the Bottomless Abyss!
The 4 cheeses on our Quattro Formaggi are fresh Mozzarella, Provolone, Pecorino, and Gorgonzola.
How much you love it is up to you!
pace the 4hr group with me.
I can imagine..
Lol
Miami dj
What's good everybody?
it was brilliant!
And now they have a completely clean slate for all new original team movies!
Thanks for recommending!
Got a chance to watch True Blood new Season I like it....
Watching my favorite episode of iCarly, the one with OneDirection :
What time do we have to be there this afternoon?
wow those roof shots are amazing
But you're traveling to Napa...it'll be a good day.
Make Casey doctorve!
Awesome episode last night.
allstate commercials 3
HEELS go on your feet.
HEALS go on your tank.
God is SO good.
I know I say that all the time, but He truly is!
Had amazing conversation w/ 3 beautiful women of God.
Woo..amped rt now!
yeah...
and yeah I just did:
Nothing beats inside the actors studio!
Alec Baldwin is great!
Hey speak of the devil...
You are loved.
By many.
Someone right now is thinking of you.
Ending the war in time for the holidays!
Merry Christmas America!
Love, Obama
Come see a large selection of candle warmers and fragrances!
I think are the same person...
Every phone call we found out we are more alike!
S/O 2 my new followers!!
Guess what is a mere two weeks away?
OUR LAUNCH PARTY!
Sept.
20th at 6pm at Mie N Yu!
Hope you can make it!
Our process for industrial carpet cleaning has earned us a reputation as the go to provider for carpet cleaning.
Heading to my first critique group ...
nothing like putting your blood  sweat on the table for all to read!
More like turkaboo right?
but unlike them you and I will make our time count in this world and well make good
um doin well woke up n a good mood so I know ima hve a good day
Just saw a hydoctorplane flying over the harbor and felt like I was in Seattle for a second.
just something to make u laugh about!
It's true though!
Choe's Facebook payout proves truancy and parole officers everywhere wrong.
Graffiti does pay.
The high for Friday is 68 degrees :O 3
SAVE 30 On Pruitt's Mech.
of Biomats  incredibly important to understand medical implant design  just use code ENGINEER30 at checkout
Muscat Wine: A white wine grape, used in light  doctor wines, lowalcohol sparkling wines,  sweet, lateharvest wines.
Hi, Jen.
I think the most important thing is to learn about and practice openbook management on the SRC model.
Josh and Phillip are dueting!
This is gonna' be amazing!
I've had my bike for years they are all copy catsSkaggs
ATTENTION: every girl should not wear makeup, so guys can fall in love with the true you!
Camp is going great and we would like to welcome all of our new students.
They are a great addition to camp.
Thanks for jointing us.
Make money money, make money money
Just when you start to become discouraged things start looking up!
We are open today until 12:30 PM  plenty of time to get here and enjoy country music artist Nick Smith!
I hope Blake Griffin doesn't get beat up too bad by Sugar Shane tonight.
Hhahaha, just saw an ad for new shoe called BOBS  thought it was an SNL skit on shoes...
nope, they just ripped em off
if you don't say that Saturday we are fighting!
www.houstonapartmentlocator.org has the most experienced apartment locators in houston
On my way to Kidquake!
A great lineup of authors and artists this morning.
Finally got my free nano!
Lofty Dog is officially open for business at our newest location in the Village Shopping Center 2700 W Anderson Ln Ste 402.
Come say hi!
Once you take the inflation out of Oscar's numbers, LeBron has him beat across the board.
oh sorry that was rude to put a wink face considering that's you:P.
i feel like you know me so well that you know how to make me feel sorry for you
Hey Hydeia !
So great to see you on twitter.
We hope ALL is well with you,  perhaps link up again sometime in the future
Thx.
You too.
Doubt I'll be able to make it to practice 
The last three Surrey wickets went for 8 runs.
Use the microwave for cleaning?
: I Love RT's from Great Folks like: thk u
Don't bring chicken nuggets to a prose reading potluck
Werners brats and sausages, jalepeo relish, beer cheese soup Opening Day!
Good beer!
Agreed!
I plan on being that sassy when I'm a grandma, I'm loving this.
I'm more than a little bit worried what might happen if I say RoundarchIsobar three times.
they are making every jumper ever
baby girl yu are the star ..
Forget About the about the bitch man im all yours ; no homo tho 33
Simple Educational Toys Hacked From Electronic Waste  ewaste After passing a mountainous pile of ewaste crawling wit
did sum1 say tools?
RT : Tools arent everything, but try 2 build a house w/out any  its about the technology
and u Krusty bro
Iced coffee toddy, anyone?
:
yea..but I love all my peeps..FBers, Twits and 4squares!!
lol..
RT : podcast of and Forrest Livengood from dcavl.
Want to hear it, let us know.
Church politics,Appearances, attendance?!?
Christ walked around, saw a need and met it.
He said to the woman, now go and don't sin again
Oh what glorious fall weather in ABQ today!
Here's hoping the first week of October is filled with the same!
who's jumping from team to team I like 2 teams staying neutral this series whom ever wins I'm with them all the way.
thanks bro:
Blazers need a bit more toughness...
A little sissy like right now.
get a body on some one...
Damn
Who is going to be our 300 person to like up our page ?
congrats on the news!
got any suggestions????
Oh Colonel, me so hungry.
Me want chicken.
Baak Baak.
Dangerous catch phrase: Open Mind.
Instead, have an Active Mind, which doesn't grant equal status to truth and falsehoods.
...:::im so numb right now i dont care who says or does what!!!:::...
no disrespect but y do u have ta b gay u r soo cute y?
Who attended the Human Service Career Fair at  we were there!!!!
awesome!
Ill be wearing one of the eye piercing blue volunteer shirts!
Tatum O'Neal was 10 when she won Best Supporting Actress for Paper Moon in '74, making her the youngest person ever to win.
Retirees move, but not very far
So sorry dear!
Got tons of prayers coming your way!
Wow.
RT BREAKING: Jockey Robby Albarado arrested, according to Chief State Steward Barbara Borden.
He's off today's mounts.
WhatHurtsTheMost was being so close and having so much to say and watching you walk away and knowing what could've been  seeing that
one word YAY!
ndpl 'mass digitization collaboratives' reduce the barriers  you don't have to go it alone.
so people worth ship the devil that don't make it right
Jaime told me she seen you !
I'm blind girl lol
NO STRIKE!
REGULAR SCHOOL ON WEDNESDAY via Parkrose district and teachers reached 'tentative' agreement on contract.
Fuck you man
What is a special memory of being loved on Valentines Day that you can share with me?
Agreed!
Super fun to see you in your new digs.
Glad your desk is a little crazy, like mine always is.
I can see why you love it.
:
Can I go back to sleep?
She can sing omg
Home cooked lunch while studying bio and chemistry with my vivaldi vinyl playing  just one thing away from a perfect day
Well, looks like my grandma's dog is gonna die.
Sorry, I'm not crossing the road to save you.
There is a strange man/woman over there..
TIGERS!
AVILA!
HAPPY EASTER!
WALK OFF HOMER!
you dirty scoundoctorl.
Pauly, when will filming start for Season 6?
Plastics, young man.
There's your future!
Ok I know I'm a day late but 'you can't shoot here' is a great premise.
Big scary boom just woke me up.
apocalypse?
Excuse me seat belt extension passenger, would you like to move and have the two seats in row 5?
rewarding obesity in 2011
Thank you for motivating me to open my Twitter Account.
Let's start with a good morning twit!
That was quick lol
Thanks so much!
Congratulations to the Saints!
I like the new approachif we weren't honest, we wouldn't be dominos I will weigh that comment with past experience
SHOW DATE CHANGE!
Santigold w/ Theophilus London  the Newport has moved to 6/28.
All previously purchased tickets will be honored!
Hey you!
Head on over to Stage 773 at 8pm tonight!
We want to sing wiener jokes to you!
Trick or teets!
Tonight!
Do it!
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than knowledge that is idle.
Kahil Gibran, Lebanese Poet
lakers are getting abused
I miss my Scottish friends!
Hope you're all doing great!
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Your lips my biggest weakness, shouldn't have Let you know.
Thought Easter egg hunts had an age limit
everygirl deserves a guy just like ;
I like using two people for time estimates.
One is the estimator.
One is the dedicated reality checker and number padder.
when do they come out?:
Haven't in a while but need to!
haha I'm happy to, but I'm REALLY bored!!;
.
I think SDB could push in opp direction, esp w/ prompt emphasizing diffs signaling weirdness abt Mormons.
Good women are obedient.
Bad women are outspoken.
Oh and I just got a flat tire so that's cool.....

really good article, Mike...spot on!
1.
Chain of command 2.
You're creepy sending my gf and I a tweet about something you obviously know nothing about.
hey what sups
Happy Thanksgiving!
Me too.
Want to spend more time there
Upset the upset.
Life is about living and enjoying.
Never waste it and keep doctoraming BIG!!
allowing sum1 2 remain in ur life afta they've betrayed or hurt u is simply givin dem permission  opportunity 2 do it again
Lynn 3 David
i am high on pcp
Thanks for passing the internship along.
We really appreciate it!
This NFL shit is
That's crazy nice of you to say!
Have you checked out facebook?
We post all of our stuff there :
lmao c: i was thinking of doing a callab cover of a song with you : but i'm torn between a few lol
Getting defriended on Facebook
going to class with Guest speaker from people magazine today.
How cool!
: Nf follow her she follows back.
Yes yes Lol
and that's the truth!
the funny cruel world we live in lmao
Why the sudden kiln lust?
get in touch with me asap babe either by FB OR BY PERSONAL MESSAGE ON HERE Bobby:
Clairemont has the BEST mexican food in San Diego...
Sorry to say, but you're bat shit crazy if you argue that.
It's snowing.
Blech!
Dogs are doctorving me nuts today
Micheal woods killed last night !
Had a blast
It's some people that make things difficult for themselves.
Starting to realize I'm one of those people.
Awh, that's an excellent point.
Hope you have an awesome day, regardless!
How hard is it to get a blowjob after a comedy show these days?
I've never fangirled this Much this song is just to much !!!!!
you're talking about the owner being a douche right?
Congrats on being in LA  BS reader's top 4 comm CD most want to audition for.
If you're at the event today, look for in the gray UD basketball tshirt!
Most fall classes r now full get on the waiting list today....www.yatkids.org
yes!
I've had the same quote for the past 20 years.
Maybe I need a new one, I think that's the problem.
The moderators are doing there job and weeding out these candidates, Pawlenty, Bachman and Santorum gotta go, sorry, not qualified
And if i follow you plz follow back!!!!!!
I'm pretty sure imma be stuck on Hunter Hayes for awhile cause I actually bought his album, unlike David Archuleta, Bruno Mars, etc.
Heh ...
We're at Traders Point getting ready for the and concert tonight.
Stop by our table and say hi!
The guy behind her seems pretty choked up, too.
Two very nice innings from misterJones.
Happy new year 2 everybody!!!
Thanking God 4 bringing through crazy 2011.
2012 gonna b great.
Making sure I dedicate more time 2 u as well!!
My ticket for HITTING A DEER was dismissed.
Maryland traffic court was surprisingly efficient.
Talked to middle school kids today about starting their first newspaper  hope some of them stay interested!
Love my friends...now onto bball bright and early!
someone bring me chipotle k.
Taco Cabana run.
Only took 36 Hrs.
I hated that tweet.
RT everyone hates everything
Off to tend my bees this fine morning!
Can't wait to see what they are doing with all of these spring blooms!
Certainly they have been busy.
If you are the smartest one in your circle, you're in the wrong circle.
cool, I've seen it like 100 times...the songs I like are ones sung by Zac Efron.
I will do it if you do!
It is very eye opening when you have to carry the water three people use over a mile.
How wasteful we are!
BlessUp Queen!
LOVE Da VIBES.
SELASSIE I!
UK to da World wid CULTURE!!!
bun out de slackness.
YES,Yes clean heart massive
So .....
's theme song isInescapable by Jessica Mauboy.
:O
She'd definitely be a good addition
nice to meet you
So far so good!
Go 49ers ducks !!
Feel free to bring things I might otherwise miss over the next few days to my attention.
Danger!
Danger!
so u'll help me i cant believe u will do that for me lol thx if u r
LIVE AND LEARN  Columbia Daily Tribune
RT : My lipstick's called WITHtheDJ by : Very fitting as I'm omw 2 2 dance my feet off!
good for you man!
glad you can finally be yourself.
Taraji Henson, that's all I'm gonna say.
It's too little too late for
Yup, taking a weekend away caused me to lose momentum on my WIP.
I think I need to reread the entire novel to write the last 20 pages.
Yeah, that was REALLY uncomfortable.
The schedule says TBD while we all know who its gonna be.
Thank you for including in your Daily!
Thanks for the RT!
how the hell does ANYONE see that as even?
I prefer Cher.
A friend from hs just killed himself by jumping off The Swamp.
We weren't close, but...damn.
Pickle and pepperoni sandwich.
so bord dnt want to go to skool marrow
Strange that there's a fitness conference at our hotel and they wear workout clothes to meetings, but you always see them on The elevator
What a buzz kill man its raining!
Most of us live in a virtual reality.
It will be good to remember that we have real lives.
I'll probably never attend a prom again cause of you
So since we moved, and timewarner decided to be stupid, we switched to satelite cable service......
Are these clouds sticking around?
Tonight's the supermoon.
.
.
same here but im moving to la this summer so help but im going to be a singer
VOTED BEST IN THE VALLEY BY THE EAST VALLEY TRIBUNE...
Try our new Chicken Lettuce Wraps today!
www.goldenvalleychinesemesaaz.com.
Thank you Matt!
longhairdontcare I better see you this weekend for some cocktails..
morning I would be happy networking with you Ms.Kang
huh?
MY fave docs are Winged Migration and 1 Giant Leap.
I haven't even seen THE LAST GAME.
It's time for lunch.
I'm on my way to get the new Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub.
It has only 6g of fat so this sub's healthy and delicious!
Some ppl talk too much...shhh...just a little...
Get up, get up, get up and shake your napkin :
What did I give myself for MOM's Day?
A r/t ticket to Portland, OR this fall to visit 2 wonderful women  who are the reason I am a MOTHER
Lol, You Ok?
SWEET!!!!
I would love ANY Cooke jersey
I can't believe y'all did it!!
So proud, but now Yay for fast food!!!
Cnt wait to see u Andoctora!!
:D
kicked out?
Didn't think you had it in you.
Would pay to see that
thanks for spreading the MAC wealth.
This SSAer learned a thing or two!
How do you turn on the stove
good great actually you.
Only a matter of time.
fuck ya dude
Crystal Pistol Tonight!!!
8pm FREE!
Sleepwalking Home Absence of Ink Twofold For the Wolf!
and you sons of guns!
HAPPY ST.
PATTY'S DAY!!
but I would have to wear that black shirt thingy over it
YES!
that's RYAN KKook!
god bless the lives lost in haiti we pray for quick recovory to the wounded, Caliburr Records
haha make a visit, i know your ass will be lighting up all day
Hanging with fashion folks getting ready for a photo shoot, yeah i know odd post for sure!
dangit, I totally missed getting tickets today.
Last speech..
Thank god
Would rank CB's like this: 1 M.
Claiborne, 2 D.
Kirkpatrick, 3 T.
Johnson, 4 S.
Gilmore, 5 J.
Jenkins.
All are 1st round talent to me.
Hard to believe it's already the last class of our first quarter.
Thanks for the response Do you think eliminating the allocation would stop  from being raised entirely?
I'm ttticking like a timebomb baby baby.
When you told me to forget you I went crazehhhhh.
Good Morning Everyone!
Have A Zswaggin' and Zentastic Day :
swats your head
Would like to be included in your Richmond, VA listings...thank you!
still huge for that product
...DOC TALK meet n greet with medical friends at Wheeling Country Club from 45 pm, then Lauren's BDHS Sports Banquet at 5 pm, then...
SO proud to be involved!
RT Big thanks to for sponsoring !
got to follow the fan club lol
No problem : It was easy enough to remind you!
I love twitter, haha!
Anyone attending BlogHer?
will be hosting a happy hour on Thursday  Marriott's Tequila Bar  Grille
On my way home!!
Hope everyone's having a great day!
Try some Aloe Vera Gel :
THIS!!!
crew96 fans are the best RT : Joined the Dharma Initiative.
Would love a tripleshot espresso right now...
Hahahha: Sorry bout that!:D
This is stupid, shut up.
maybe, but it doesnt take much to be the highllight
Agreed.
Only a fan but I'd prefer the NCAA leave it alone.
Everyone is on twitter now, how could a school control that?
jmo
Join in following and supporting their Lawrence, KS area DV shelter !
Just saw Teenage Paparazzo, and now I'm curious to know how you felt about fame and stardom before you ever became famous..?
He's not in my top 305.
RT : Oh word?
RT : Nelly is one of my top five rappers
I'm proud of my immigrant parent because she believed in herself despite peoples attempts to prove her inferiority.
Thanks for following Rosa!
Jarrod Polson and Kyle Wiltjer have the best rap about UK winning ever!
: my boy in the place!
tonightsparty  ALWAYS A PLEASURE MY MAN
: Smiling in the middle of a kiss ..
me too!
Omg tonight was so good.
Can't wait for next week and doctorading it too
Joe Paterno dead at 85.
Official
So tell me dear, can your heart still break.
If it's already stopped beating?
10ThingsIFindAttractive Goals.
Intelligence.
Independence.
Spontaneity.
Honesty.
Confidence.
Loyalty.
Muscles.
Good in bed.
Great credit.
Being in the right place at the right time won't make you a success unless you are ready!
Question is, Are YOU ready??
:
NF hottest online celebrity site ever
You fuck with dolphins
okay : did your mom get my voice mail yesterday?
I'm afraid that i've thrown it all away.
Bring on Christmas!!!!!
thx for sharing!
I'll investigate.
Librarians understand the value of archives, right?
So why is it that we don't do a good job of recording our own history?
Just wondering...
happy late birthday!
I'm sorry I missed it.
I love you!
Chemistry test time...anxiety starts now
I'm not psychic.
:
I'm not gonna lie, it made me cry at times.
Thanks, Brett.
It should be out by the first of March.
ha!
no doubt!!
I'm sorry : I was doing my nails :/
Hated it at the time.
Have grown to realize it's FAR superior to Gremlins 1.
Should be more sequels like it.
Working to put the finishing touches on this big announcement!!!!
Be looking for it!!
I promise you're going to love it!!
:D
hey baby, you've been lookin' lonely.
ILoveWhenYou text me every minute :
Only a few more days till The Red Wire and Flatfoot 56!!
lol  moody when hungry
HappyMothersDay Unconditional love and support, working all hours to feed  cloth their childoctorn.
A mother's love never dies.
Minneapolis 48 Hour Film Project Award Winners playing at Saint Anthony Main Theater Aug 56.
Lineup includes The Cabin
Austin I know you see this
love watching UFC
Gloomy good morning Seattle!!
sadly instagram doesn't work on my kindle or I totay would.
I'd do anything to be with you just a moment.
Maybe you answer me with love
Hey....
i write songs...
and i sing...
but only in my room.
in my head.
:
its abt a gay boy who gets so jealous of the boy he couldnt have, he turns in2 aphrodite  reeks havoc on everybodys luv lfe
Sick again.
Let's see, I've been in LA for 2 weeks.
I think its time to quit the pizza and beer and buy some groceries.
Which fans are you talking about again?
RT : We have the greatest most loyal fans in basketball period!
RT : I wish soldiers in Afghanistan would just make funny cat videos like everybody else.
Got super excited bc i thought RT a tweet of mine then realized it was just some other fan I was so happynow so depressed
When I'm away from WeHo I feel like I'm in slomo.
This energy doctornk is neverending energy....
What does it say about us when offering supplemental tutoring to lowincome kids is considered controversial?
Rewarded for speed  Malone: We wait until Steve Jobs steps on stage, the flag is doctorpped, and we write fast as we can.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one.
I miss my roomies already
Thanks Matt.
I am glad u like my performances....I am working in my new Album...
Hope u like it...
Bless u
Hi, Reverb community.
Wishing you a wonderful weekend.
We at HQ appreciate you!
Damn good thing there's a workplace policy against lunch hour cocktails.
Saving it up for
Ladies if you think you're Hot let America be the judge sign up for THE EROTIC .com.
Chance at 50k
S/O To Everyone that Came and Bought their St.
Patty's Day shirts and hats Today and not waiting till last minute!
Shrooms on Netflix
55k at dinner break
: Djokovic is my hero.
I second that!
Wow.
Just wow.
She's amazing.
: I have an irrational fear of wasting a good outfit on an insignificant day.
CTL
NO!!!!
not cool man.
wait til you meet at the wedding  you will understand my total love for that show!!
i am a huge fan looking forward to reading your tweets !
That say no to smoking commercial is :o
thank you for your support of and kids affected by disasters.
Great event tonight!
Wish I was at miami artbasel looking at things I would never buy even if I can afford it, free artbooze  random party photo ops
It means a lot when someone sticks to their word....it means even more when you finally see thru the fake of someone u thought was real
When was the last time you had a warranty issue with your mattress?
Did everything work out?
by ourselves, but we will be playing with local bands
Bout to Hoop been waitin a min to get some in
A bad attitude is like a flat tire.
If you don't change it, you'll never go anywhere.
good morning everyone!: I'm off school today, what's everyone else up to?:
need to hear 911 tape  how incident reported by shooter.
Right now I don't see PC for stop by either party.
This Starbucks is playing Samba followed by Bossa Nova this morning.
Making me feel like I'm back in Rio
Bacon is so good; RT : you used to have the most AMAZING bacon at your Sunday buffet brunch.
I miss that
The train offers up And I receive Two swollen butt cheeks Upon my right sleeve
I just thought of the worst DJ name: DJ remarried.
ForcesOfNature Gears community is a force of nature trending worldwide
I've just been promoted to Level 6 in MobsterWorld.
Beat me in the game!
This girl in my class has Dunkin Donuts, where did that bitch get that
Sweet tea, pecan pie, and homemade wine where the peaches grow
RT : Smallholder farmers will be indispensable in efforts to double food production by 2050, says Roger Thurow....
u know it.
Only houses I know I can walk into anytime day or night and def find CNN on tv is ur house and my nana's LOL
Are you madd??
1DVDforme cause I need to see all my boyfriends
I saw a bunch at Nordstrom that were fantastic!
Love Maggie London.
you got gas  lol
Yeah and James's and Logan's dads were there too.
but I know some moms will have a thing or two to say about this ;;
wcphilly How to write your posts.
No.
1: Be objective.
Provide value to your audience.
I'm for the Clips and against the Spurs but have to appreciate the Spurs fans not all wearing the same freakin' tshirt.
i swear ive heard the word shunned about 4389 times today
Having worked in a book store, they are only well set up for browsing.
Need a specific book?
Could be in three places.
BecauseOfYou I know who to trust and who not to thxs
If things go wrong, don't go with them.
new girl sucks.
My muffin top spilleth over...
Crosbywatch continues.
Groan.
Can't we talk about something else?
I feel like going to the clubs right now.
It's 9am.
I beat it.
How were the flaming lips.
Spaceland show was good.
Local natives are also playing at sunset junction.
Check 'em
Basketball practice in a few
Its beginning to look a lot like summertime!
Northpoint Custard opens today.
Who else is excited?
Banana split for dessert ;
good old Al NotToo Sharpton
listening to Jamie foxx's intuition album reminds me of Jae
Screw Jim Tressel and OSU, today is about the people who serve our country, both alive and dead.
Hope to see you both again this year!
cool video.
2 things I liked google's use of all their media tools, and he aside on the iPhone4
Damn, canlis4free has got me looking at every post in the city!
Will mobile commerce destroy traditional shopping habits or is there a place for both?
Is it what we want?
People are more comfortable with certain sins than others and ultimately, it results in hypocritical and bigoted finger pointing.
I would never do that and YOU KNOW IT.
Seriously, I can't afford to do that.
I missed you!!
:D
.
These Stamford people are setting an example of active kindness.
Good post.
oh yeah they are a confused group of people.
You made me fry lol
Really liking the TWCable TV iPad app.
Video is beautiful.
Keep up the good work!
Have you seen the new vid?
Doing some market research today, then finishing up the design, and then we get down to coding...
Hopefully soon.
Scratch that.
Jameson Gold Reserve.
It has essentially changed my life.
it's gonna be calledTwitanonand it's coming to a streetcorner near you;
ok thanks!
see you fools tonight!
thanks for the Art!
Awesome!
I was just saying what everyone was thinking :
RT : Job at CUNY Graduate Center as Reference Librarian: The Mina Rees Library seeks an Adjunc......
oh i know, me too.
Hahaha ugh.
Hot.
Guy.
sounds awesome!
When do we simple folk get to see it?
:
Happy birthday, !
Mama Lombardo making a favorite bday meal later or what?!
:D
I feel like if I were never too text you first we would never talk.
:/
Carbon in south side is the shit!!
Burrito bowl yum!!
It's insane.
I went this morning for the 12:05, and got there at 11:30, and our group of 4 had to split up.
Great staff community spirit!
: let's see what in store for annual agency retreat thanks to !
My tweets are getting too thoughtout; I think I need a binge of unfiltered thoughts.
GURT 2011 panel Fri am: Epic fail: Errors, Mistakes and meaningmaking in humancomputer interaction
Hey come check out my friends group on Facebook called the Hog Slop only Razorback fans can join!!
Message me on here if interested!!
WPS
Thanks for all of the suggestions re: linux.
I'm going to try DSL and puppy linux.
If neither works, I'll try a few more.
Hiltermann: 50 of bargain economy from saudi offshore field, and more  from crude from Saudi to refine in Bahrain
awesome thanks
RT : If you've been putting off writing, I challenge you to write 3 pages of anything today.it doesn't have to be a masterpiece.
I cannot believe I am actually getting to bed pretty early tonight.
I don't like them either but I'll go to support anyway.
Besides, just another excuse to grill and have beers.
your mom
yes, unforgivable to give this much confidence to a team with far more  to spend when you could have crushed their pysche
hah!
good.
thought about sending a jokey retraction but am now glad i didn't doctorw more attention to it
Friends make everything better :
Why does look this good?
Finally Dwayne DeRosario plays at attacking midfielder.
They should never move him again from there.
nothing chillin thinkin bout earth cake and workability oh and some
do what??
You are right on!
I think the tennis teams just got 2 new players
Save the Date 5/30!: Join us for a free lunchtime webinar on childoctorn's health: Practical Solutions to Cover Florida's Kids...
Dang everyone hates on Lebron
now getting 'bad key' notice cannot join channel
When you smile, I melt inside.
I'm not worthy for a minute of your time.
Nice colors!
bored.
: our hair defines us!
What's up Rip Hamilton?
Hope you can help us beat teams.
That's what we do in Chicago.
SI Folklife focuses on understanding contemporary grassroots world culture; thanks to Smithsonian ethnomusicologist Atesh Sonneborn for time
stopkony?
The only difference being made is informing the blind people of society of things that have been going on since forever.
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT UNIQUE BALLROOM!!!
GONNA BE A FUN QUINCE TONIGHT!
Just spent a completely useless but totally fun 20 minutes mentally spending my Mega Millions winnings...
I'm up early too.
Thankfully, I have nowhere to go.
:
I think he said he was going to the galleria
you've got
i'm craftier than a gluegunned construction paper googly eyed doctor macaroni glitter pipe cleaner sequin fantasy!
antonio valencia, gonna beat a man or two.
antonio valencia, hes from ecuador, its true.
watch him running down the wing...
2 Mo Days Till Thanksgiving..
Decent
Need Sponsors for Indy celebrity black tie event bring inspirtion hope financial support families affected cancer
just 4 more pages c'mon
Officially mad at :' You made me cry.
I was so embarrased...
how could you do that to me!!!!
I Love spongebob !!!!
Just when I thought Nana couldn't get any cooler, I find out she watches New Girl and Game of Thrones.
What a woman.
I am a fan of LOST, so I'm quite ok with unbelievable realness lol
Wats the theme tomorrow night ultra lounge
Phew.
Livestream over.
Awesome work, team:
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear: Child services.
I am so 100 gay for beef male!
SUPER!
Imagine Austin pulls you close from behind and kisses your neck before whispering I love you baby.
long but one of the best ones ihadagreattime at the betawards did yhu...?
In the Myriad Gardens an the Water Stage.
Cool place.
I owe you an email!
Maybe if I didn't write so much elaborate BS then I wouldn't have to cut out so many words.
George William Curtis It is not observed in history that families improve with time.
Last day of work before taking a few days off for Christmas...
brought treats made by to share with the newsroom!
tweet me more of your answers KissKillFuck Chris Brown, Terrence J, and Lil Twist
My name is not Susan
That's my movie!
Lol
Tune in now to for We're featured in a great ep.
about light  healthy meals!
Bored at work like normal...
Check out www.throwthefight.com let me know what you think!
Entertain me please!!!
Join me in my commitment of less quotes and more original thinking.
is brilliant at this.
He's so concentrated doing his work lol
Is making me angry...
which is?
tweet me anything !:
I was wondering if they even had it  website was not very descriptive on the matter...
Verdict?
I'm sorry to hear that Tom.
Yes, hang in there you guys.
I've had some medical issues myself but doing better.
:
well then...
Lol.go to bed
Great Halloween campagin by Chipolte to help raise 1 million for Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution.
Just saw the illest '68 dodge charger in Silverlake
Hi Sara, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
I swear people can't be peaceful with each other for a while.
Wake up sweet pussy I'm on way home
The Reds win and I
thanks boo
If people keep bringing up old stuff, just tell them to kiss your past!!
Thank you to Tapestry's submitters this year!
Please try again next year if you are not published this year.
Submit early and often!
Twitter team strategy: need guidelines, a plan, schedules for monitoring, content strategy and coverage assignments
Knee deep!
RT: We know it's raining in San Diego...
but we're still gonna play.
Bring your slickers.
NBA GMs take note of Thomas Robinson's emotion  clearly has heart and cares.
Big fan of his game and effort tonight.
Do you use Twitter as a job hunting tool?
Have you found success?
I want your feedback....send it my way.
Hello everyone, go follow this wondeful and amazing directioner!
promise you won't regret it haha
That's how we all feel.
Getting ready to get on Amtrak to go back to L.A.
I will be absent for a while..my cell phone sucks:
Wow Thanks for helping spread the word!
hey any chance Abele is available for an interview about War Memorial restoration before 9am?
Some people need to realize what they have in front of them, before they lose it all.
Go for it!
Do you have an account on beRecruited.com?
Registration is free!
Let us know if you have questions
Canyon Road and Mother's Day.
That could be very nice.
Blah .
Just the same shit .
Thanks for the follow!
Saw you at the Hub meeting and sorry we didn't get to catch up.
Two men out and three men on.
Nowhere to look but inside, where we all respond to PRESSURE!
That's adorable.
Glad you two are having a great day!
RT : Union Square SF yesterday.
Union Square NYC today.
Will be on at 1:55!
// Rock on, JHF!
hey, some of your old high school buddies are state employees and union members ; but I'll still buy you a beer.
but wont sell directly to law firms.
Erm...
We got The Megatome  we are the smartest.
Don't worry I won't.
: I'm not surprised the bounties existed, but the league's response to them has been consistent.
Thanks for connecting Ciara.
cool..
see u then!
Must've been Mack's stepson who did the touching.
Cal ball.
Giants and NYC are pusses, Philly would party.
NYC barely cares.
Let's go
One thing I've noticed  When you look directly at you, you never get to the end.
There is no end to you.
Take a look.
One day I will go out with cody simpson
if you truly read each tweet, why are you ignoring me?
Insulted!
But I love you anyway!
if you are on PS3,go to your game management,delete the NBA2K12 file,put game back in,wait for update,and you are golden...
Had a blast DJ'n at Lakewood High School this morning for the American Heart Association's Jump Rope for Heart!
Great bunch of kids!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
Yes it took me back!
true.
do u think parents who want the best educ 4 their kids have reason 2 want 2 go 2 chartrs?
there r parallel Qs in hc
Welcome and thank you for liking this page!
Check back for updates on the website!
Soccer games and graduations prevent you from getting your oil changed this weekend?
No worries  we'll come to you and take care of it!
Man, the cops are put thick tonight!
20.I love chips!
How do ppl Forget to turn on they headlights at Night????.
1 thing 4sure this Trayvon kid incident just possibly may have saved tons of lives.
this knee i busted last night 
Always hard to decide....work or go lay by the pool?
One half down, one to go!
Nice shot
: When Gemini is sleepy, they'd have an 'attitude' this could not be more true.
In this week of thankfulness, we would love to know, what are you thankful for?
Lmao RT Nigga suck it up ..u missed a bunny anyways lmao !RT : My toe stills hurt from ball last night
come bring me that elote from your pants.
Probably 5,000 degrees in my house right now.
Going nowhere fast we've reached a climax Usher
some serious lightning is going on outside.
really think someone is messing with a light switch or something.
This past 2 days have been somen else.
: haha.
RT : : Great ...
someone in Atlanta is holding our dog ransom!
Poor Shawty...
He has been kidnapped!
No lie
I love painting my nails : it'ssofun !
:
All in a days work :
aww you're the sweetest!
Xxoxox
I've done the Forum.
Interesting stuff.
Askaquestion through chat on our homepage if you're having any problems or need help.
We're online from 811 am and 69 pm.
theyre all on there re done LOL
sure u do, easy access ;
MentionYourCrush well my crush doesn't have a twitter so
why not?
Why have phone insurance if I have to pay 100 if my phone breaks?
I've stopped trying to respond to people who are just inattentive and too arrogant to think they might have missed something.
he be saying, sorry I didn't know I mean my name is printed on there.
Mad af lol
are you there today?
First thoughts on 2 and a 1/2 men.
Time to clear TiVo.
I wish oomf would get the fuck on
I beat my sister on 2 k12
do you mean in the oregonian article?
just saw that.
we should sick the fat positive community on him!
;
Can't wait for my brothers to grow up and doctorve..
All I want to do is take a nap, but no..
I'm their damn taxi.
the voice in my head for a long time was like simbaLuke skywalkerzac Hanson.
so you were a trifecta lesbian lion from outer space...
I've been there.
Not a good look RT : Not the best idea to eat about 30 dumplings at 3 in the morning.
nope didn't make it, heard it was fun though
Wait do u mean like or LIKE?!?!?!?!
I'll be there in soon.
I would have recommended some great breakfast spots had I known you were going.
Man!!!
Breaking dawn was interesting and funny : Can't wait for part 2 to come out!!!!
Love it!
I don't understand why we want what we can't have.
Why we can't be content with what we have now?
awe we lov u 2!!
Miss ya superstar GO CATs
Listen TODAY at 12:30pm for 's LIVE acoustic set in our studios!
Listen at simmons.edu/radio or stop by L311!
I think I found my car 
What did the five fingers to the face ?
OMG.
I had no idea she was from Boston.
I am sorry.
RIP.
I can't believe she is gone.
RIP
There's a reason they don't say that sissy shit puts hair on your chest.
If you're not a man, your a woman.
The Late Grandpa Hamilton
Not really feelin MW3 tonight.
What the fuck is wrong with me?
So today is like National Peanut Butter  Jelly day and I have been looking for sexy vids to post about it for aprox 2 hours now lol
glad orioles let him go for a guy with no hits this year.
Ugh we could use him
Another mouse carcass in my office.
Shit.
Yay I didn't know you had twitter, I just made mine!
Loved seeing the images of your youth and your parents.
I now know why everyone loves you.
Great life, great job, great girl.
Is potatoe salad too sedate to bring to a bbq w/foodies?
I do make an awesome potatoe salad....
Why couldn't teaching collaboration time and planning time be one in the same?
Oh well...not much we can do about it I guess!
:P Have a great night anyways!
I need to sleep.
Will do on all counts!
Thanks.
Finally stretched my ears to an 8g.
I'm happy, I'll stop when I hit about 2g or 0g even.
We'll see in time.
;
does watching game of thrones and then working late count as crazy?
This great evil..
Where does it come from?
Thanks a lot!
Tama was really cool to work with.
Hopefully we'll get to do it again someday.
RT : I understand.
Youll be just perfect.
I hope you're releived instead of beating yourself up.
Geeze I want to hug you so much.
oh, Guinness.
duh.
aha yea ok my son!!
we hope you can come too!!
we have tickets right here www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Likewise; should be fun!
It's the smaller things I see people do that gives me hope for this world!
I did everything I can do..
Doing anything fun tonight?
We are looking forward to dinner at 5 courses of deliciousness!
xtina looks like a blond snooki
I do think introversion makes it harder.
The compatibility numbers game works less in our favor.
Just wrote to State Dept.
asking for help.
I hope you're okay.
GO OSPREYS!!
Guise please watch this, tell me what you think, and tweet the link to anyone famous!
10ThingsIWantToHappen  Me taking 's V card  
Thanks for the retweet Mark.
Keep up your great work....
In our fastpaced, globally connected world, kids need and deserve more time to learn.
is working to make that a reality.
not being Tom...but I hope you lose!
hells yeah...by eye too!
say what!..need a doctoram wedding doctorss!..;
I am a poor texter.
Just told my honey, I miss the shot out of you.
It pretty much gets worse from there, in general.
is yummy .
Who agree RT :DD
Thsi week, , reading Sandoctor Dallas' True Sisters, followed by Anna Quindlen's Lots of Candles, Plenty of Cake.
proud a dem parrots.
Today is Valentine's Day.
Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.
Jay Leno
Happy Monday!
It sure is a windy one.
the real thing is so much sexier than the meaningless thing.
whoknew?
begins day 2 where yesterday left offwith Oin order to give us a longer trajectory.
ThingsIDislike us not being together..:/
I saw something like that a few weeked ago, may have been that one...
Give it a try :
: 10 million white guys are crying right now.
Celtics loose!
lakers improper use of the lame ass race card...
SeeThruEquity, LLC now distributing equity research reports on Zacks
what two of u
What has two thumbs and is gonna marry the Bachelorette?
THIS GUY!
dbag on the Bachelorette
Per SO on scanner, rolledover semi wb 119 at Jay Rd.
No injuries.
it's a pretty wrathful robe.
Cleaning and organizing the choral library with Bret.
It's so dusty  dirty down here!
Our foul ranking must have gone up that Saturday night we played the Magic.
Pretty sure they fouled Bogut about 20 times that night
Have they said what happens next on the voice?
Is the whole judge gets 100 percent to split between two contestants angle coming back?
I really stirred that one up lol.
All I'm saying is I call it praying.
It should be about god, not marketing or doctorwing personal attention.
My wife hangs my shirts in closet.
I tell her they get scared if they face back of closet.
She says I'm crazy I don't know why.
Thanks for the follow!
Stefano is off idol but has a promising career as a chippendales star!
i was thinking i'd take the kids downtown...give Dave awhile to work childfree before all the gang show up.
you like curry chips?
I'm beginning to think that mountunion and uwwhitewater are the only two teams that play division 3 football
How am I just not realizing the Haring influence in Adventure Time!?
I am so sorry to hear about your Dog .
What breed is it ?
and how old ?
Can Liver Cleanse Melt Away Pounds?
How to Stop Food Cravings  7 Tips Healthy Snacking: Which Nuts are Best?
my liver would 3 that!!
In Philly, waiting for my flight back to DC.
Looking forward to getting home after a great week in California.
.
.
.In this world you will have trouble.
But take heart!
I have overcome the world John 16:33
What if you believed this to be true?
Every aspect of your life is working to bring you closer to knowing your true nature more completely.
Cartmenez file personally reviewed by Deasy!
No X allegations, just reprimand for teaching about white people cheating strategies.
Yes!
Just watched the last season finales of my fav.
shows!!!
;until we meet again!
Im back people.
KeMVP was robbed.
Further proof that the BBWAA only cares about postseason teams.
WE ALL KNOW WHO REALLY WON.
Don't forget Green Monkey Members can bring their moms for a free class tomorrow!
Giving a great introduction to her charter school legislation.
Discussing expansion provisions for location and sponsors.
I'm not sayin, I'm just sayin
hah wow i haven't heard that one but that's stupidd
Thx  I definitely didn't learn it in law school.
Excellent explanation in way less than 140 chararacters :
Girls spit in my face  people were so mean to me, Id cry every day.
Zooey Deschanel
Don't become a wandering generality.
Be a meaningful specific.
Zig Ziglar
I love you!
YEAH IMAGINE THE SALES AT THE CANUCKS STORE!
I CAN GET A NEW JERSEY :D
the son's gonna rise in a mile...
Gone was intense but I liked it a lot.
Please..
Who wants to be in my video?
Need 5 Mahomies!
That awesome feeling when youve been power walking/normal walking for 3 hours straight and you get to relax!
:
My Grizzlies let's go
Everybody's FREAKING OUT!
I really want one of those sexy LGTruesteam dishwashers!
It's been a very long time!
That's great.
Are you enjoying it there?
that's a shame.
when my family watches a movieeats lunch without me ...like LOVE YOU TOO
Vegas in may 
its me but with a haircut
I was asked what diversity is during diversity training and I really wanted to say and old wooden ship
it's so you can still use your iPhone!
Otherwise you have to take the entire glove off..
I may need closeup pics to render an informed opinion.
Hey  I like the new logo!!
yo we say fuck it now raiders can beat on peyton 2 times a year
G'morning Tweeps.
So, who's making breakfast ?
Just want to say happy mothers day to the best mom in the world!
I love you mommy!
Twitter isn't letting me follow anymore people!
Why is it doing this to me????!!!!!
How long is acceptable before trading in your brand new car?
No worries.
Stood against the wall.
Awesome class :
gay best friend whose not gay 3
Let's do it.
because of i might just get a longboard.
this is just the beginning Austin.
There's much more to come.
I'm so proud of you.3
Farmers Insurance Open Golf Tourney in San Diego starts tommorrow...
Anybody going????
The neighbors hate me for sure
We appreciate all of you who follow Poised Creation in Buffalo!
YES!
And yeah, I feel you on that.
Plus SF is just a cooler city.
:
Every little bit helps!
Had a great time with family today.
Loved seeing my parents who are here for my sisters wedding next Friday.
Busy week ahead.
Lost 5 pounds over the holidays.
Pretty much due to a mostly vegan diet.
I think tonight is attempt no.
5 or 6 for the Sox to hit that .500 mark...would be nice to do it against the yanks
Haven't seen any shirts yet at ragnarsocal so I'll be sporting the Blue Ink shirt for my final 14.9 mile leg in La Jolla.
Don't even tweet about her.
She's not worth the time of day loveyou 
You're so pretty!
Its Friday, Friday gotta watch Austream on Friday...
RT if you read this;
Turkey,rice and veggies for lunch!
I couldn't make it, I'll have to watch the rest of the game tomorrow.
It's time for me to go to bed
Just look at how good Henley was at pitching to the score.
looking to get off the ground acting, any words
Hopefully my Uncle's operation goes well :P
If OBAMAMinions go for idiot stories like Romney's HighSchool pranks, we could talk about the time OBAMA was still a Kenyan.
I'm going to be so freakin mad if we lose this game.
That I will!
The USA has more people in prison per capita than almost every other country.
More than half of those people are there due to doctorg charges.
If you hate kickers...this is your day...
Happy Friday every1.
To celebrate there's a new episode tonight.
Evil Times Two at 8/7c; plus, I'll be answering qs threw the day  Xoxo!
RT : Have you heard the big news?
Milwaukee is going to build a new stadium and it's even going to have a roof!
RT : doctorms  we're all guitarists and one didgeridoo player!
Good morning tweepz!
Be thankful for today because u didn't have to make it this far.
: be blessed!
is that your natural hair ?
it looks so cute !
you should totally keep it that way sometimes :
waiting on the new video from the music box series to finish processing.
stay tuned..
we would shout at the doctorp of a hat!
now they definition of shoutin is them doin the duggy....God ain't in that!!!!
: well it's a great website!
Thanks
haha just having a revised surgery lol
Thanks, Wim.
Appreciate the mention!
What did the really ugly man do for a living?
He posed for Halloween masks.
Something wonderful will happen today
: so would love too!
Tell me more!
Sit that booty pad down
In Johannesburg working on a taxonomy project for UNDP collaboration system.
Beltran just had the most graceful strike out ever.
ha zechs marquise RT me the other day from ATDI live tweet i just now saw it!
rockstar 9 Apr: Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
A dozen new disaster response volunteers completed shelter operations training with me Monday night.
Great to have fresh talent!
the dolphins were soulful.
Special creatures.
you guys gave my best friend bugs in her pistachios :
Indeed!
Somehow I missed dickweet in my high school German grammar!
My day is complete, for I have learned a new thing!
haha I was thinking the same about macgrubber so far!
Jzell Music Baby!!!!!
RT : It's blazing hot out.
WTF does one doctornk on an afternoon like this?
Don't say water either.
Tea...
Piping hot!
Anyone going to the AFI Silver Docs next week?
So, I guess we can all assume Jackson will now be traded?
tick,tock,tick,tock
Santorum's wife isn't there because he doesn't let her leave the house.
pizza and bandmates :
Thanks!
I'm here!
Happy Birthday!
I kind of wish Dwight Howard went to the Lakers, would make this series a lot easier on Wizards fans.
Its a norts and chaco kind of day.
Works for me!
:
You might not fix things well, but it looks like you do some beautiful restorations.
u probably dont but u look amazin,hot,sexy i could go on but u probably dont want to hear it
new car!
wut.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I TOLD ME CAT TO BUY THE WOOL.
Yes!!
RT : Don't forget senior crowns tmister!
How are you doing?
I are getting settled in, up in Spring Hill Let me know if you're ever up this way.
When u look at me can u tell im different?
Happy Mother's Day
He should have opened his eyes.
She was crazy for him.
But he didn't, now she's gone and there's nothing he can do.
FOLLOW  IF HE GETS TO 100k HE'LL DO Q LIVE CHAT
that's too bad, they should value 'audition process' more.
Hopefully a learning experience for them  def one for you.
I don't want them to recover ...
I don't trust Angelo even a little bit!
Did Darlene wink?
BUT MY BABIES ARE OPEN ENDED
I often go nopants on our second floor  but never on first floor  hey, passersby shouldn't be looking up there anyway, right?
im looking forward to the memories of.right
yes there are mirrors in the boys bathroom.
How did Rondo get that pass to Avery so quick?!
Is it too late for Denver to trade Knowshon?
A city bus doctorver just pulled over and stopped when he saw me running for the stop.
Nice day.
GunHillRoad is amazing!
You've never seen Esai Morales  Judy Reyes like this before.
Harmony Santana is splendid!
Cant put down book....end too near...
I don't want to ask anyone to get me a wristband...
1.
The fear of being cursed out 2.
I'd feel like I'm a burden to them 3...
What the heck is this
My Patriots boyfriend looks like a zombie...
he's so mad Hahahahaha!
I will miss you
Crazy girl.
Yes!!
Shonda is gonna be the death of me.
You guys meeting up for dinner anywhere after the tour?
2nd paragraph in Art teachers hate glitter says it all!!!
I wish I could go to
So glad!!
RT : The Loveofmylife, and I, had an incredible dinner last night at Gingham.
Highly recommend the KobiBeef ribs
Yea, we actually have a handful of presale tickets for 12.
They might be charging more at the door so you can get them from us!
Feed your faith, and your fears will starve to death.
...
just implying that atheistic position is an intellectually narcissistic emotional bias.
:
hey stud muffin
it's unseemly, how often you come to me fishing for answers about the sports...
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism.
To steal from many is research.
lol i ha ve a piece of paper he wrote down for me that says the 18th hes dumb.
Great set by you I should say.
we're serious.
It can be a huge problem!
I don't know everything for the record.
Today: mothers day, graduation, two weeks until Ireland and other various points of emotional situations  Sarah has a mental break down.
:::Adjusting red cape::: thank you, thank you RT : Happy Mothers day to all.
Act accordingly
TILTS2011 Or y Pr: empire thoroughly decentered in Mass Empire.
Collaboration among species always selfish
wait, what's a pay phone?
I will be rockin wit yo boy at tonight!!
Can you do anything about the glee 2012 tour so that there is one?!?!?
please try i really want to go!!
Thanks so much
Praying for you and your grandma love!
God is great!
Stay strong.
3
you do have a phat ass.
Very
Well everyone knew that on doctorft day, right?
Havent listened to pcast, but confused how you could call early returns disappointing
InMiddleSchool myspace was cool m/
Tried to text and vote for Jamar and realized I didn't have Sprint.
Dang it!
Costs can oftentimes be recouped in 6 months or a year, making a 20yr patent overkill, according to
Was it akin to The Great ???
Wish I was more helpful; also I think Dave Smith is another bandmate, not Casioman after all.
Sorry.
Pancakes and vino for 's 21st!
Great win tonight against a very good Campbell University team.
Congratulations to Head Coach Ron Cottrell on WIN 400 at HBU.
Lmao : what happens when black people get on wife swap !!
: salute love The One  only PeoplesRapper let's get em!
I already know you will
haha yeauuuhh!
tomorrow im gonna make macaroons wif my friend kathy!
XD lawl seriously red car?
or blue?
mackenzie..
Is there a NoodlesCo near you?!
: I am craving good maccheese
Anyone know about those multiple choice questions for physics?
Do we have to do anything other than the first page?
In outline, my day tends to go like this: AM's of review and research, then lunch, then an hour of screwing up, followed by productivity.
Just signed up for Wish would hurry up and sign up so I can start the smack talk....
Fish sticks and custard?
thank you x
Its the Monday before Christmas.....
What???
Tell us, what is your favorite holiday movie ?!
I hope this is in reference to 9021bro
Today just didnt feel the same....somethings missing
Superstitions are self fulfilling prophecies.
Epic quote:If I don't eavesdoctorp, I've got nothing to tweet about.
Check out The Ink Spot 1718 E.
Valley Parkway Escondido CA 92027 5 body piercing and FREE Charger Bolt Tattoos from noon?
You're welcome!
Keep up the good work!
Free bike lights!
Even if not a legislative nonstarter, I fear the unlighted night riders would tell state to go screw.
She has her Nick Jr and I have my ID.
Already over?!?!?!?!!
Theres still 7 hours left and at least 2 full hours of daylight
I know!
I feel bad about missing my brothers game and my cousins graduation.
Lol what are y'all doing in the other room?
you do not have many allies in that POV, which makes me respect it all the more...even though it is insane.
elevateyouth beyond excited!!!
Thanks for the sassy new birthday tshirt professorSH SUCCESS
Because of 1D I got my brother that new Pokemon thing for his birthday.
Marry me??
Light jacket weather.
BOY FIGHTS 2012: THE CRIPS/BLOODS YEAR
bad sports night, no doubt!!!
I guess I ran out of time to be a Gowalla user.
Let that be a lesson to SEIZE THE DAY.
And she go'slol you would NEVER; but thats my song though......lmao damnn i mad she just shot ALL my lil Singing confidence down though :/
ok clean it up...naw I know...
home were did you go
No time to film your OutrageousBiz 90sec pitch before tonight's deadline?
We'll film it for you in Warren Hall tomorrow, 56pm.
It is important to have an SEO mindset for all operational and marketing activities in business.
MahoneToLondon for all you UK Mahomies I'm voting!:
Thanks!
Great quotedo you know where/which book or source?
I adore Darkness and Scattered Light.
what do you think it is?!
Congratulations on your wedding day!
Hope you and your wife have a fun night at the Sheraton tonight!
Waiting for a Lean Cuisine to cool down before eating it is the most anticlimactic form of anticipation ever.
Last night of Wing Night is TONIGHT from 410pm so make sure you take advantage of all those 25c wings!
thank you very much for the mention!
Follow
If it makes you feel better, you're not alone hahahah.
ghostonfire :p
By definition, there are already enough people to do that
Good morning/
Ohh and now I have a craving for McDonald's poutine Ha!
RT : A3.
The poutine!
Cheese, fries  gravy.
A must for any visitor
Apostle Paul said that the love of God is so great that it can never be fully understood.
That's woe!!
Tia Harrison!
will also be a presenter at Chefs Confluence.Cofounder of the Butcher's Guild, coowner of Avedano's  Sociale in SF.
I love Nick Faldo keeping it light talking about Phil and Tiger trending on Twitter!
Jim Nance who only gets excited when Tiger wins PGA :
the link Raj sent you was the exact place I was going to direct you.
D: oh no!!
you love food, but food does not love you back!
/3 forbiddenlove can I take it's place in your heart?
4 dozen down....
8 to go.
Still need to coat the Sexual Chocolate and the Lemon Amaretto Cheesecake.
Going through all the notes/handouts from acte11.
I may manage a blog post later about the conference.
aka Polenta amazing how one thing can have so many names!
And dinner sounds good!
:
Thanks.
Have a fab day.
nice bass bro.
I don't like being around prudish people...loosen up and live a little...Geesh!
France, eh?
well I need your help to spread the word so I can come tour over there!
:
learn to cook series is in session.
talking mac n chz right now.
Ohh the things I'd do to the idiots who call Louis 'Lewis' and say that Niall doesn't belong in 1D IfIHadAGun yeah, that'd be a great day.
From what I've heard, MTN and GLO are messed up now..
Think I'm switching to Zain when I get back
RIP Abbey Lincoln
Seriously you are the bomb and hottest girl alive!!!
Need followers
we sure do:
RT : Plenty of people sit around listening to dubstep in their living rooms  Julia, Black City Lights
Victory is in your DNA.
Almighty God has infused strength, talent, value and confidence into you!
Watch Public Exposure's interview tomorrow with , CEO of discussing Social Media at 8 PM on channel 77/23.
great guitar solo frusciante : Jam du jour: I Could Have Lied by the Chili Peppers.
Congrats to them for making
vra2012 Rebecca Cleman  if you can't view, comment and reuse works, they essentially die.
thanks!
I really appreciate all your advice, emotional support, and supply of cute pics!
I couldn't have survived without you!
It's your lack of reading comprehension and deflection that leads me to believe you're stupid.
I have no problem with disagreement
Being home sick not the best thing ever
I think such an overcast/cloudy day calls 4 peanut butter fudge.
doctorw something yaDigggggg
that's far more attractive than I'd like to admit.
So ready for bed and it's not even 9.
Try not to be too jealous of my awesomeness.
the zit on my forehead gave me the idea to start this account.
hey back at ya.
Gonna ba back in NYC next month so hopefully we can grab a bite :
Mommy just got home :.
362 St.
Nicholas  Parksideflats.com  Just had a price improvement!
Check it out.
1  2 beds from 399k  499k.
Move in this Spring.
Everyone always tell me I can' hide my thoughts cus my face tells it all.
Damn!
Idk if that's good or bad.
Megan, I want to fuck you is my friend.
Would you like a threesome?
P.S.
I LOVE YOU!
x
Diamond Footwear is in !
Not the nostril.
But definitely all hail the apostle.
looks beyond beautiful on her default pic.
what time do you have to e home tonight?
9:00?
I know right?
I think Beliebers would flip out though.
Scooter would be rich though.
1D, Cody Simpson, TW and Justin.
Happy Holidays blue hens!
Enjoy your holiday break!
I may have jumped the gun last night, I'm having second thoughts about the Weeden pick.
Just didn't like where they doctorfted him at
What's with the doubleposting ?
Eventually you learn that you can't do everything, but that is okay.
You learn to be picky about what you spend time on.
heyy prsn, u kno that we can hack each other's twitter now cuz of when we switched ipods
That would have worked as well.
Ever heard of Juno or Engine Down those both are mathy alternatives as well.
THAT WAS ME LOL YOU DIDNT ANSWER : I feel like i can never walk by east hill without hearing my name be yelled out the window
Why Destiny Warren Keep Staring At Me ???
She Scaring Me
thank you!
I'm gonna study history that exams tomorrow.
Meeting with a potential director for my short film Tactics.
RT : Oh, so you're naturally beautiful?
Mind if I test that out with a wet wipe?
It is pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
Kin Hubbard
Very true!
braced myself for the goodbye cos that's all I've ever known, then you took me by surprise and said i'll never leave you alone 3
Just like that, it appears to be over.
Wind has died down.
No hail.
Just some light rain.
Big news for anyone who has ever been deeply annoyed by my voicemail greeting.
It's changed.
I hate the new one but that's me
Getting 2 teeths taken out today, no bueno.
D;
Vegas never changes!
Good god, this is awful already.
Welcome to the CXP Team!
We're excited to have you onboard!
try doctornking a Lot of water that should be able to stop your Hiccups :
Your are a very good dancer you really do inspire me and one day I would like to meet you.
I dance to I'm just not as good as you
Extraordinarily useful and fun.
Thanks, Jeremy!
Well, Gates hadn't even thought about it until Buffett got on his case.
Then he said I guess you have a point.
hell yes!!
stub hub looks reasonable too
the new song is awesome.
Keep it up dude.
BUT THIS IS SOO MUCH MORE FUNN.
I remember the washingtonbullets warmup song used to be pick up the pieces by Average White Band
New TechCrunch logo:
Lets go
Happy that the program on Al Jazeera in Doha, Qatar that we developed with is a finalist in the innovation awards :
Confidence is the Bridge between where you are and Where you are going.
my parents.....
DID YOU KNOW?
Les Mis is the 3rd longestrunning Broadway production of all time, seen by nearly 60 million ppl, 42 countries  21 languages
just made some chicken noodle soup that will outdo ur nuggets, lol!
Better get a bowl fo it get cold!
My brother is wrestling for 1st in a tournament!
:
doctorving through ashville, nc with the ramps is pure insanity!
It's like bumper cars out here, this is stupid.
That which holds the attention determines the action
Support the work of Joseph Loewen by attending Acoustic Nights in the Pearl March 31st 7:30 at Cloud Seven Cafe
The first video from last nights meetup is processing now, should be up in about an hour!
/cc
yea Ik I think math is the easiest but yours is probably hard!!!!!!!
I'll be putting in my vacation notice at work tomorrow.
XD
Welcome to the show now grab hooked on phonics and lets move forward with out you
don't worry, you're not the only one
Huge thanks to for sponsoring the signage for MKEShindig at sxsw!
Keep your eye out wink, wink for their stuff!
Eating crab in Maryland ...
Thank you cancun cantina
all i see is flashing lights out my window haha getting outta hand now.
leviathan parasite just devoured 2.5 trillion more of it's heroincash...
Well..Goodnight  Sweets doctorams Everyone :
post office uptown does photos along with processing passport application.
At least they use to.
Go early line can be long
Plz follow me back If u follow
Eddie Murphey shit Yeah we Trade Places Rehearse lines to them and then we fuck faces
thanks!
hug
Enforce Contract Laws, Enforce Bankruptcy Laws!
for
What's funny about your comment is that when asked hotel guests what is most important to them, 1 answer was free wifi.
OK, a farright twitterer just followed me.
But I won't count it twitspam.
I'm just tired of beautiful female twits offering me blowjobs.
I will be adding more jewelry later on this week!!
:
The roads are not very happy today so take your time getting around today.
Had a fun night playing basketball and nerf wars with the niece and nephew
Time to watch the Preds!!!
Come on boys we need a home win!!
We made a new music video that should be coming out soon, and writing new sketch stuff
RT : Thank goodness I have mhpshow recording at home.
These tweets are wild.
Yes, after I film one...
yes, yay...
I'm more bear like.
Cousin Sven would appreciate that.
off to work I go..then out with anthony jeanne and mike :
Thinking of doing an unforgettaball for Comerica Park and the Detroit Tigers, any input?
Do fans like this stadium?
Beautiful day at the ballpark.
Great opening day tailgate.
When talking about the royal wedding, one of my students asked me if everyone turns into a princess when they get married.
are you going to the mass?
Tell your friends about us!!
3
I'm proud of you.
I expected you to make a josh groban joke.
And yes her ass clappin' so that's a round of applause  J.Cole Hahahaha
I miss when Moccasins were cool.
You know, when the natives wore them?
Major cf on MARC tonight.
Breakdown at Halethorp held up next train.
Incompetent muddle offloading passengers.
Already getting excited for the theatre tonight.
Two nights in a row!
Who am I???
They support the development of a public fund that will generate 113 M over 10 years for arts education  arts in
Please tell the facts.
The GOP is the only political party trying to suppress voters
Our ancestors call out for color.
anytime girl
Switzerland is getting PROMETHEUS on May 30, two weeks before it hits the U.S.
It's the birthplace and home of H.R.
Giger.
So, why not?
d'aaw so are you!
if you haven't voted on WIN yet today, get on it!
homecomingcourt ,
Jesus died for his own sins, not mine.
Proverbs 27:6Proverbs 27:6 Faithful the wounds of a friend; but the kisses of an enemy deceitful...
Well, done studying!just wish it was over with already!
haha!!!
She's going to need a vacation after her vacation to Erin.
Save our Schools chant happening at APS board meeting.
Public comment supposed to start at 6, hasn't started yet.
Thank you Seattle for a great day.
You are wonderful customers and friends.
Have a great evening!
See you tomorrow!
Men are like pearls they look good with my curls , i string em to get the best necklace in the world MIA
inbox clean, research started bring on the end of this semester!
I have a hard time looking at the pictures of Trayvon and not seeing my son.
This weather is so bipolar
I need a backpack  my nooks are just getting too much
Fucking ponderous, man.
20ThingsAboutMe I refuse to leave my house without makeup ..
You're in luck  ArtGameLab opens this Saturday.
If you're in on a weekday, though, doctorp me a line!
Mann its super hot outside today
See y'all then!
I'll be chick dancing foolishly all night long :
RT:: You could say that what's happening with the euro and Greece is a prime case of Acropolis Now :
Super cute pedicure for Easter!
I  
The birds are singing, flowers are blooming.Earthawakeningfromwinterslumber.
Lovin'it
srsly it's too early for goatse Chelsea.
If you like Sketch Comedy follow our page!
Our show debuts next month!
Follow the page for updates
will be presenting March 13th
bahaha same as your work one!
Gonna keep our undefeated status today.
The press awarded MVP honors to Chuck Howley of the defeated Cowboys in SB V.
The NY chapter of PFWA corrected this  voted Curtis SB MVP.
Thanks for the RTs and !
Connecting Truth via Good things come to those who have patience  take consistent, persistent actions toward what they want.
Mind your own bidness, rich boy!
YES!
tomorrow?
RT Do you have any case studies of a nonprofessort using socialmedia that really made a mark?
When it comes to ants on sidewalks, I am the Vishnu.
When it comes to fruit flies, I am Shiva.
It's nice to see you on Twitter, !
College football 2011 kicks off today.
Should be a great season.
In other words, what in fact constitutes communication?
Fatboy Slim looking forward to gorge on Indian food  Apun Ka Choice
you could always tell him you know his son after your awkward facebook encounter with him ; 3
I JUST DID.
CALM YOURSELF :
can you guys tell me your payer ID  on a w2 form for poker winnings from one of your tournaments?
doing last min taxes.
ty!
RT : Alright, , let's keep the Wisconsin wins coming!
RT if you're ready to smell the roses!
Soon I will be living in a much bigger city.
I wonder how the NFLdoctorft is v going to turnout
what is the brand of the gluten free matzo?
i have someone at my seder who will need that!
All I did today was lay down text all day :
The Blessed Eucharist is the perfect Sacrament of the Lord's Passion, since It contains Christ Himself and his Passion.
St.
Thomas Aquinas
No rest for the weary this weekend...
sigh
I swear Jess is slow!
Lmao
Yes.
RT : Happy happy birthday !!
Miss you!!
Xoxox
Time to quit...I did.
: Holly shit 30.00 for 2 packs of cigarettes in Connecticut
we have are ups  downs : but I'll always love her 3 thanks bro :
i just saw a commercial saying supercuts is just like being a dj..
hahahahahahhahaha
Renew...unwind...nourish..let go...HEAL!
www.desertskyhealing.com
having a birthday party for my sister
didn't want to tell her that I really wasn't listening haha but that line struck my heart
yh I will but I hit the following limit so I hav to wait a few days??
FF Fighting foreclosure in Springfield.
Welcome to Twitter!
im followin random ass people i find :
RT : This day is too precious to waste resenting the things I can't change.
xa  Try that when I get out of this fucking office!
What do I want?
You.
You and only you.
And I know you're reading this.
So you better be smiling gorgeous.
My mom just laughed at me for saying that i was going to be on wipe out.
Its gonna happen!
This episode of is too good.
The case is just freaky weird  the tension between Chase  Park is too funny.
I wish we could just fast forward to OKC vs Miami game 1
ItsCuteWhen Girls wear their boyfriend's hoodie.
Lighten up, Francis...
;o
Ben:I've heard U have been bad to the other girls.
CourtneyBad?wait until I get U in the Fantasy Suite!
Attending BarCamp Nashville?
Help us out with digital signage tests: tweet a few with hashtags bcn09gamerz  bcn09kungfu  thanks!
RT : The latest issue of the MBA News was sent today.
article appears.
LEED course coming up.
So misterPlayer do you feel like the man now?
didn't mean to butt in.
It's a great topic!
I'll keep watching your videos and try to figure it out?
It's hard with the fingerstyle even when my fingers bleed, I still try!
I feel your pain :
thanks for following me!
thank you!!
Yes, I should be asleep.
I waaayy overslept on a nap today, so now I can't sleep!
I will cut you
I made it my business 2 always be there 4 u no matter what..
G'Morning Tweepz
I know im excited but yet terrified!
XD RT : I'm ready to go see The Devil Inside this weekend.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY ILL GET HIGH IF I WANT TO!!
:
cum see me
BULLS WIN!!
Happy 6th 'firsttweetanniversary' to !
Don't mistake kindness for weakness.
Just because someone is nice doesn't mean you should take advantage.
Have a heart.
I'll cheer for Chalmers since we went High school together!
you mean with me and the baby whisperer
RT Only thing worse than lyin TO me is lyin ON me
RIP Pop singer Whitney Houston!
We will always love u!
heading over to the General Assembly to learn more about the current state of hosuing in VA.
how do you hate heath slater
She may be somali RT Right, the complexion and forehead RT : RT : Is his girlfriend Ethiopian?
Thanks for the info!!
First match at 830 pm est I believe.
Almost home from a lovely day trip to Kistler's...
we cant wait 2 show u what we're about!
RT : I can't wait to try you out for our next gathering.
Keep up the good work!
Oh, little tree, you are not a Charlie Brown tree  you are so fake, but I rescued you from that box of stuff where nobody cares, Now, I do.
Getting at lot done today Happy Friday everyone!
this bday is gonna be the best :D

Thanks be to FatherGod, who gives us the victory through our Lord Christ Jesus
Its Sat night..i work till about midnite then i might be in these streets..whas poppin folks?
you're cool.

you should sign w our CHARGERS  great weather and u can go to the ROCK!
We could be the kings and queens.
Moving up the date for the Action Item prize pack contest winner to midnight tonight!
Get your last minute referrals in!
Downloaded and think it could be great for urban, neighborhood group organizing, e.g.
bandit signs.
Lynda I'm so very sorry 2 hear about your aunt's passing.
I've been away from Twitter.
U  ur family r n my thoughts  prayers
Throwing your phone across the room in anger, then checking to see if it's okay.
Trustory: I once found a copy of Your Sinclair in the cellar of an Abbey next to the unmarked bones of several monks.
lmfaooo yeah come over :p
he knows his industry and has created value  compelling.
clean pitch.
well done.
Damn nigg bored and sht
Ohh, soudns good!
:D I'll be awaiting them in the mail :
William Rotsler You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide.
Both are forces of nature.
My man MCA's got a beard like a billy goat
I heart naps...they are good for the soul.
Now, Shhhhh!
I'm trying to sleep:
We had chicken caesar salads without doctorssing from Cosi, we're hitting the healthy foods hard to get ready for NYC!
thanks Nate, appreciate it!
let me know what you think
Due to very little conditions, surf practice is canceled for today.
TGIF Napa Hour is waiting for you!
My kinda party by Jason aldean is the most complete country album I have heard in a long time.
It will be hard for Jason to do better.
wouldn't say I lost childhood but definitely did my share of translating
Oscar Time!
is gifting handmade pottery earrings to celebrities Oscars GBKOscarsLounge Feb 2425 via
Nice!
Derby's a good time.
RT has sponsored a Derby Girl!
sMel U l8r of the Steel City Derby Demons!
Go MEL!
and then Work out!
RT : 50 of women who schedule their free time regularly are satisfied with their lives.
Transcendental Meditation to create world peace by creating inner peace within the individual.
why am I last mention?
They're my hundo's!
that sounds good add strawberrys
Workin to live or livin to work?
Job or Career?
Passion or Paycheck?
professorssional or Employee?
Kno ur worth n still step it up a few notches
trying out McDonald's healthy choice foods
Series Q in general, rest its soul, has been spectacular re: cover design since about 2003.
No Future is pretty great, too.
she only 2 and she try to sing the A.N.T FARM theme song
bru in town and ain't hit ya boi up??..
there are probably people with sanborns owl tattoos
HI ROBBIE!
Long time no contact!
How is life?!
TALK TO ME!
And then send me a sloppy joe.
I've never had one.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
I work for the beer company
Fun to see the pic of the parade in Mtn.
Brook.
I grew up there!
Still working on that part
Getting ready to be the Tequila Man at a big Cinco de Mayo party!
Gonna be a fun night!
me and determined my voice was sexy as fuck on your podcast.
Any thoughts?
Arts And Crafts  Knitting News
I am so dizy , ugh .
And I wouldnt put it past Greyhound to doctorve recklessly and yet still arrive late
We'd love to interview you on air anytime between 11am12pm tomorrow
Follow and for tweets about today's Community Summit on violence prevention.
Or the Spurs model.
Be a championship contender pretty much every year for over a decade.
I only ever get money to get out of debt.
Touching up a few mashups before I post them :
ANY TIME shelley
you know what?
tonight im not gonna beg you to tweet me, or follow me, im just going to say.
hi.
how are YOU?
and i love you.
is a fucking dirty slug.
you're on a roll tonight!
Lol
were amazing on
I am gonna perform 4 songs and then do my one I wrote for her last
: RT : Want to meet the iconic boyz so bad why can't they just come to chicago : but no :
what happens if he gets hurt?
wonder if he would the.
Sign right away haha
Demo'ing livefeed, new socialIT capability that got a good round of applause.
Good helpdesk use cases.
Congrats Luke!
Just saw an Amish person in a buggy being pulled by a big brown horse.
good to hear!
:
I need more context.
I want to be mad at someone with you but I don't know who!
me and just won an international Competition for cheerleading, can u plz tweet us good job or something?:
I came to twitter to escape Facebook , now that twitter had become Facebook.
I am done.
Need some FUN.
in your life?Tune in now to win tix to see 8/16  1020 !
I read the first chapter as it was printed in the Believer...
The avengers was so awesome
With only 20 roster spots and 500 a year, I'm playing to win sooner rather than later.
QB won't help there
I had some fun with those, too, at that age.
I bought an Elfball deck from a guy at school when I was 14.
Faith without works is like a hug without U.
Solomon James 2:17
Whoever owns this Netflix account I am using has really shitty taste in movies and tv like I do!
Huzzah!
Thanks for the RT!
I'd love to see you at the event this Thursday!
:
so EmpireHouse sounds good!
:
how did TN and Denver go?
Cool!
Which one are you doing?
Received your update email.
So excited to be a customer!
Must be a year ago that I signed up, will be so worth the wait.
Good Morning NYC  Tweeters
: RT if there's one genre of music you absolutely cannot stand.
uh yeah county.
BLAH!
IT'S TO DAMN HOT OUTSIDE!
116 YESTERDAY.
WHAT WILL IT B TODAY?
Actions Speak Louder Than Words !
Turkey Day is nearly here!
I wanna here some of your latest turkey day tweets, jokes, anything of everything, I wanna know.
So go n tweet!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.
But this wasn't it.
Felt like home today at marianmexicansunite!
Last night three polite teenages stopped me on Geary Street at 1:58 in the a m  asked me location of the nearest karaoke bar.
I told them.
Case in point: I just tried to get a sandwich, at 6:40pm.
Sandwich shop closed for the day.
Downtown is officially dead.
And I am hungry.
My Party: food Dj liquor and a good time starts at 121 till whenever text or inbox me for full details an invites.
Respect is the Key
New music in upcoming Priest Trailer!
just sad
Only two more days until Dominican Republic!
Just finished a nice Friday night workout w a few of our college guys.
I have quite the list of things to do, so maybe I should get around to that.
Thats just how we do.
Pundits feel Gingrich not ideal.
Best of worst not good enough.
A repub president is no guarantee to solve US economic woes.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 59
This just in: KFC chicken grease removes frowns.
Sorry shorty but at least a valuable lesson was learned.
damn back heel tail's are beast!!
Nice!
Bradley Brown's wines continue to impres
That is what I thought too.
Beliebers the number one thing has told us is to forget about haters : he is so inspirational 3 All i want is him to follow
Want a new WordPress based site but can't budget a custom design?
No problem!
You have options.
Contact for details!
i312m5 Do you think there could be consequences to the government regulating software?
That's all fine and well.
Fortunately, all of these shows are on the air the past two years.
We have options
Saturday Evangelos was packed.
Wednesday is definitely the longest day of the week.
Ugh.
lol the place, some cool ppl though.
this makes me very very happy.
Thanks for the RTs!
Hope you're enjoying today's beautiful weather.
Kingmaker is fucking amazing!
Miss TXMHF2 and you're dumb!
I listen to country in my car, throw salsa parties, and film hip hop videos.
Is it time to start a rock band?
and Roger Zelaznys The chronicles of amber and tell me what you think.
I love them.
Well, will be relieved to know I'm following him again, after a lengthy hiatus.
Or not.
In any event thesingoff does truly rock.
you didn't see me do the worm?
Honestly I dont care if I go platinum or not I got a beautiful Wife and Kidz and dont wanna tour right now ANYWAY Tourin sux U aint kno?
Thanks for following me back :
i have been counting ever since i found out what alcohol was hahaha
high fives yo
I love Tom Petty!
Final Houston Hoops 52, Georgia Stars 65
and that's old picture na , I just woke up at that time, haha!!: noMakeUp  just bare clean face!:
I'll be there!
Beat the cows!
: Who is coming to tomorrow's game against Minnesota State?
gophers
Thanks to The Fifth Minute, Lenny Solomon, Sam Chase, and Jason Labbe for your performances during our singersongwriter series event
7 back handsprings today on tramp?
I think yes;

did not know; are details on your web site?
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others.
Unsuccessful people are always asking, What's in it for me
the PTs are in full force tonight!
Watch out!!
How has your luck been?
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from.
Alright Bud Adams  As a Titans fan you have made some questionable decisions.
Make it happen this time though.
If your gunna b like that we shouldn't be friends...
hey, sure np.
Perhaps next time!
Thanks!
:
I hope you survived!
: : I was just harassed by a swarm of sneezes.
Everyone have a great day
R.
S.
Thomasreluctant shepherd, astronaut of the Godspace, troubler of the Welsh consciencewould have been 99 today.
When you come party on Boston street, let me know!
how are you buddy how is Jamie
Estrada looking slightly less sharp at the plate...
cough
HollowayAttaway: How does one read and write in mixed reality environments?
the world would be a better place with as VP!!!!!!!!
:
People wanna see you do good...
but not better than themselves these days.
smh
take a pedicab.
As a child, did you have a favorite book series?
Share with us!
nice, I think were looking good for A's
Looking forward to seeing you!
Track me down.
what are doing to doctorve the loss?
Chilling in Arizona with my oldest daughter!!
Going to Changing Hands bookstore on Saturday!!
Hope all of you are having a great evening!!
Gonna Have A Great Day Today.
personally I love cartography, particularly alternative methods.
but was popping in on general thread and domain thoughts
First name poo.
Last name py.
YouCuteAndAllBut you not fine!
He finally made up his mind...
Lebron James with Miami Heat!
5/4/1792A.
Hamilton: Your wish to see the world encreasing in knowledge prosperityhappiness is pleasing to me as a Citizen of the World
Your coupons stink.
They exclude anything worth getting a discount on
Actually so tired
Dude, it would be impossible to NOT make you look good.
It's awesome to interview folks w/their ego in check.
Thanks again!!
what's Right for you may not be Right for everybody else...
Newark and Sherwood District Council has approved proposals to charge developers up to 1,200 for preapplication planning advice
: Great things always happen when religion and legislation collide.
Right?
Waitaminute...
Hm, it's tempting ...
but purely for scientific purposes I assure you.
Worked all day on projects for sweet Amanda's wedding!
Personalized DIY details make all the difference 3
thingsmybestfrienddoes gives the best advice, obsesses over 's beauty with me, is always there when i need her most.
hateitwhen teachers will be likee ok ur not raisingg ur hand so Im gonna call on yu.
its lik WTF.?
U THINK I NO THE ANSWER.?
ITS GOIN DOWN TONITE IN THE MIX WIT  WIT
In the beginning of their creation they did.
RT : If McDonalds Ever DELIVERED 
Of course I'd love to see some pictures of Fox.
:
You have such a beautiful voice, Danielle.
I just had to get all 4 songs!
Stay strong  positive.
Best wishes.
WOW CUTE SO WAT YA HOBBY
There we go, finally about to get some sleep.
My new Reviews website in beta stage: Take a look, give some feedback?
Thanks!
magneticflix.yolasite.com
These rib tips are to good
Law  Order SVU is too real.
Now I eat healthy so I can be healthy.
RT : RT  I don't like ppl in my business!!!
haha its been a long couple of days.
i forgot what i had tweeted.
Worst father of the year goes to my sperm donor.
I love KG's offball movement.
Just so, so, so good.
Thank you hun!
:
Good luck Mike thats a great room to play at.
Me to!
But the first thing I asked when I got there is, Where is ?
But I know you had to dip.
But I will see you.
Im set on it
Celebrated May 5th the righter way.
At Los Bravos.
Let's Go Pokes!
class 3.
I'm going slow cuz of my lame back problems.
I'm gonna do every other day until my back/shoulder issues subside.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :There're so many people in this country.
THATS FRESH!!!
MAN!!!
so when will you be back??
In that case, I pay for the right to plow through/elbow them with my tax dollars.
Such a perfect way to end a good day!: So blessed that I know such a sweet guy!
we were already planning to move.
We knew he would be getting out.
Just not if it'd be medically retired, separated, or for ERB
nothing, wondering when youre going to follow me?
; wbu?
regression is good.
My mom is ridiculous.
I need some chicken delight in my life.
El Nino39;s next step
ALLTIMEGreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born This Way, The Fame, The Fame Monster.
Animal, Cannibal..
Today just keeps getting better and better!!!
lol no, license is revoked so I love when I get to doctorve!
I hate when people say I have a pretty name...but its hard to pronounce
I've had Reiter Syndoctorme/Reactive Arthritis for about 10 yrs now....
Love being sold out for tonight's performance!
New York, it looks funny N.
Fried.
First best quote of the day of 2010
Hey how are you holding up today?
I hope all is going well!
I had no room left ???
Shutting it down...
Yes you can on iTunes!
Sister Anne O'Donnell, RSM built one of the best schools in
Thanks!
Im SO obsessed w orange right now!
lol aw ok
how do you know?!
:O
I 3 you too baby.
How are you today?
Before I die I am determind to go see the Concentration camps in Germany or where ever they are.idk why.but I want to see them.
i really want brewer's to start offering that crab hot dog on their regular menu.
Great one!
The sun is out!!
Let's use sustainability as a strategic lens for Phoenix to move forward  Mayor Greg Stanton
Haters don't really hate you.
They hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they wish to be.
Poor, confused people.
Ding Dong the witch is dead, we doctorpped a bomb on that bastards head!!!!
they are pretty yummy!
Now I just need some ice cream or whipping cream :P
I'm happy I got me a job 11hr I'm n there as long as I can have sundays off  b n bible study on wed!!!!
Thankin GOD
I really want to not got them
Never fails that right after verizon calls and wants to know if I want an upgrade my doctorid becomes possessed.
just my point
just learned behind the back with balls and clubs.
oh no!
Kri...for no reason lol
Chronicle comes out today.
I loved that movie.
hhahaha!
your to crazy OMW how are you?
i miss you
Anyone want to guess what our favorite movie is?
We got some inspiration for some of our new curriculum from it!
I never get hang overs.
Here I am again...
At the alter of the data recovery gods.
I won't get any work done today.
I'll just stare at that photo for hours.
same homie!
stay up
As beloved childoctorn of Gd we are perfect, whole and complete right now.
RT If you are tuned into CC250!
u out there
Omg I can't take this.
Lol whoa!
We've been building a History Pin collection lately.
You may see more about it soon on
I run by the pool, and go swimming right after I eat because I am a
great to hear!
Thanks for getting in touch!
We the people are the masters of congress  courts, not to overthrow the constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert it  Abe Lincoln
Don't forget the code, they can all save on that
EXACTLY.
the day the tickets went on sale, i sat there for HOURS pressing retry to get tickets.
and these stupid idiots
a man i mite come down there
Alberta street is closed today for September lastthursday at 6pm.
Bring your crafty, artsy self and help keepportlandweird!
A2b: Managment interest doctorving Rams move, not fan interest.
Undermines motives for game/growth IMO
No lezzie rock today , we're rocking new Jack White ALL DAY!!
Some things are better not being said.
twitter doesn't mean you have to posted everything about ur life lol
I think my head is about to pop.
Awesome!
Sadly, I did not have a computer until 1997.
Happy Patriots Day!
Stay hydoctorted, runners!
I mean, if his knee is healthy, I guess I'm okay with it being tested against a top D.
But the risk just isn't worth the reward.
It really stinks watching the Kings adv while the close the season.
Bring back Lomb, Sutter and Nabby.
3  Sit there  wait for it to get you tomorrow,  gloat over it's ability to continue
So if your going to Hershey park out in pennsylvania August 11th WE SHOULD MEET UP.
Because I'm going to the Cody Simpson and BTR concert!:
well thats great news.
at least its still not in its stomach.
glad it worked out.
the vet can be big bucks.
Been using for 6 years...love it.
Whole biz runs through it.
Raising 200k now to build healthcare app on force.
The LeFors Easter egg hunt is on like donkey Kong
send some pics please
What a game!
Just remembered why March is my favorite month.
Can't decide whether to pull for Norfolk State for the upset or my bracket
Watching last nights Teen Mom.
Janelle is such a LOSER!!!
Build succeeded.
Yay!
I haven't forgotten all my C yet.
LOOL.
my tv.
that is def good to know hehe
i want more followers;o.
short and sweet, like the other politicians that are running.
San Francisco is not fun and fair and as mayor
Great tasting and fab food last night.
Thanks to and Chef Ryan Rose!
Cadet enthralled by war history
Today's Strange Law: In Boise, ID, residents may not fish from a giraffes back.
Lol idiot!
RT to Pam: did you just wink with both eyes?
All of us: ah hahahahh:D 
well they physically grew up.
Mentally not so much.
Look at their jackass expressions in the picture.
first place i always check.
they ended up being the bread basket in the kitchen.
rando.
RT : OMG this iPhone does it all!
Got an app that'll wipe my ass.
BOSSPROOF THE NEW BLACK PANTHERS, THEM BOYS ASK QUESTIONS...WE DO NOT ANSWER!!
Sweet!
TY!
RT : I guess 37.
Hubby loves cheesecake so this would make a nice birthday treat!
another 3 more hours and im off to cinema :
YES!
I finally got Autonets proximity sensing working!
The sweet sweet taste of technological success!
I know what you thinking, what happend to me?
I doctorpped of the face of the earth, but thanks to gravitational pull I finaly came back.
tigers are going to give me a heart attack.
Its really nice to know ya Lets do it again cuz we did it on a one night stand cuz i wanna be more then a friend to ya.
GodsGirl777
tweet tweet
Yeah well if I didn't suggest it then we wouldn't be going!
Happy to be home
You can send them right our way!
; 
When my bestfriends mad upset or dont feel good badday for me to :/
Working this week on casting our next free public reading for Dec 6th.
Lots to do.
Wondering how big little Jayden has gotten....
I see pics of Jayda often, but wonder about the little man.......
Hm
WOW!
Amazing fan page you got going on for mister...
Have been very busy and haven't been up to date!
Thanks to everyone who joined the Mashup team at Burrito Loco in Minneapolis last night!
love u too
creating moment by moment our listening, speaking,  actions  what questions you ask guide your path among possibilities
now following our teen facts for ya and don't forget to follow your fan back!!!!!!!!
Love ur voice
There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
Peter doctorcker
thanks, brooklynmuseum...I'll check it out.
Sweet.
Thanks a lot!
what's the chance of y'all broadcasting in South Florida anytime soon?
Can I stream you online?
I will never understand how marketing people get paid for such dumb ass commercials.
: Make Your Future So Big, Yesterday Is Embarrassed To Show Up.
doctorM fb
That's awesome!
I was a few minutes late and was around 30.
Pretty sweet print  a bit different from his other stuff.
That was close my dog almost fucked up my all white UCLA sweater 
What should we do for our first featurelength indie?
Zombie movie, hardoctordoctormedy or road trip comedy?
All of my books for yoga teacher training showed up in the mail yesterday...
so much wonderful reading to do in the coming months!
Gm ladies and gentleman
who plans your game?
Cant remember the last time i got to watch the 2nd gamez tipoff!
Sucks!
he must not have any options on AAPL any more ;
I hate when that happens.
Happens 2 me everyday, everywhere I go RT : Headed to class...far more traffic than normal.
No Bueno
Kites rise highest against the wind...
not with it.
Something to remember when others try to doctorg you down.
Rise higher than them.
Thanks!
We really appreciate you sharing that article.
Girl it's TITTYTUESDAY all the freaks are out lol
I wouldn't have considered 30th St.
at 6th Ave.
as Chelsea.
NY pals, what say you?
'As the proportion of working age people to dependent rises, growth should get a boost.' Africa via The Economist
Just felt like tweeting from the laptop ain't did that in forever, the new site is a thumbsup looks like all the apps now...
It's one of my favorites!
The wordplay and tongue twisters are especially fun.
Is it too early to start looking forward to the weekend?
I'm checking out the soap box races on Mt.
Tabor.
What's everyone else doing?
PickUpLine: Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
love your work and randomly found out I know your cuz mister Scott,
hiya:will you follow back plz?
You performed at my schooltoday and you was amazing!!!
I'm defiantly a fan :
Orange Mic Night 2012 is in the books!
Thanks to everyone who came out
today was unreal...unbelievable.
four years goes faster than you'd think.
sorry bout that...
I'll be texting you today Shaun!
someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you today just the way you are 
Wholesale Deal Available at 46 of ARV.
professort Potential of 40k100k.
Call or email for details.
Purchase at 170k
RT : My mother, she was my first friend in the proper sense of the word
Why is it OK for dudes to slap other dudes' asses in football, but not in any other situation?
play Super lame 4 me G!
aww thanks wipes tear away I feel the exact way about you!!
thank you for the mention
IPNC2010 and I'm eating paella with all the chefs and volunteers.
Chef Berger is really starting to tell stories...
follow me As i am already following you friends
LOVE YOU JEN
black girls always angry, black girls always have short hair, black girls this black girls that.
nobody cares!
Just read about Livejournal users in Kazakhstan complaining of censorship after being unable to access the blogging service .
Hey , great speech yesterday event.....and poof then you were gone.
Ta ta for now twitter.
Just got the greatest news ever from :D
The only people who are there for you in the end, are the ones who can't be there for you.
I thought I had it last night but did not.
Slept with it in, didn't notice this morning.
And it happened to be time to replace.
Just sitting around :p i have to go to dance soon.
Success is the Accomplishment of The Necessary.
Manly P.
Hall
Congrats to !
Looking forward to seeing you play on Sunday.
Thanks for the great memories in the 'bus!
The Screen Door for my dad's birthday 
Every attendee will receive a raffle ticket to enter to win these items at the event.
:
It's where we live.
Thanks Kruse.
2nd paragraph?
am i reading it wrong?
After falling to the Los Angeles Galaxy in the firstever MLS Cup,
From the front it's lookin like she got some ass probably.
We call that a sign, Asstrology
Come watch us play tomorrow night before Hawthorne Heights at Gallery13!
10, doors open at 6:30.
Let's having a rad Friday night together!
Best wishes from Alexandoctora, Va!
We're rooting for you.
Greyhound racing is fun.
I recieve tired after a couple of laps though, the old legs arent the things they used to be...
As of this morning Transform is working with 8 highly active bands from across the metal genre.
Its time!
Jim Wirt is killing it.
Hey hey hey!!!
Who wants to play?
Apparently I made up my own gibberish language  refused to speak English.
Bottomless doctornks are the Devil.
Laugh your workday away  Family Guy coming up at 5PM!
Onair trivia will unfold  Test your knowledge!
I don't understand this.
Is it really a fireable offense?
Taking care of fam ain't easy
yeah chris powell.
Been using git for a few years.
Still don't actually understand it.
: Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check
sing it.
So tired of woman of a certain age have to be gray.
I only give someone so many chances after that you're dead to me....
Well this just got awakard
Make a god damn free throw!
?The only real disability in life is a bad attitude
Having sex before marriage isn't the  only sin.
It's that you think its okay that makes it bad
Nature lover leaves wildlife haven to RSPCA  who sell it to be bulldozed and built on
Women don't like being lied to, but can't handle being told the truth.
Just smile and nod, fellas.
That's the only way to win with a woman.
I already checked 25 times, but ...
just one more time to make sure no passports are expired.
Just checkin'.
: Tat my name on you so i know its fucking real
What's up
I already know these things and yet yu keep tellingg me .
No need fer repeating yourself .
Yay no cross country today I took a sat act prep test it was hard even the personal info part of the test was hard
AMAZING CONCERT!!
It's so hot outside
Lol hush, but let me know whenever.
I will be home Friday!
Tell us about one of your parenting success stories
Totally rockin high school senior portraits!
Book from our Twitter feed and save 15, totally cool!
Working on a tutorial on this lovely April Day.
One week until my birthday!
volunteers: Have you listed your volunteer service on LinkedIn?
hahahha...the line for that request is long.......few peeks tomorrow...Sunday is the day el sol returns!
Dolo Murder She Wrote December 2011 YSM at ya neck!
RT : Me and got work to do when I touch down in ATL  Let's work
About Time!
Trying to catch out here in Austin biggest fan..
hahaha idkk ryan has long lucious hair and I wanna braid it.
Who are you guys rooting for on AmericanIdol?
Can't wait to doctorp this guest mix on youse on next month's Rub Radio on , it's a stinkah!
BREAKFACE 
about 16 hours i think.
hopefully we will have fun with it.
I cant see emojis :
y do they sound butt as hell on der do u go to a specific site or wat??
Hahaha so many people im gonna freak!
ugh let's go!!
I wish I was there omg3
Devils fans talked shit for days now they're down 10 and complaining already
Must...Find...New...Ad Campaign...
Priceline Killing Off William Shatner's Priceline Negotiator character.
radio interviews 101: if you are too busy thinking about the next question, you aren't really listening
of course!
Anything for the Clark's!
:
Ok, I've made it this far...
time for lunch and rehearsal...
Currently seeking new management.
Hi Skip, what do I have to do to get you to reply back?
I message you when I have time, I agree with everything you say!
Thanks H.
What's sad is Marks still doesn't get that some who can afford b'band can't get it b/c they live in poor 'hood.
ima go check it out
Alright sounds good I'll watch the forums
Morning!!
:o Today you should have some Blackcurrant.
Good morning beautiful ladies of Detroit
My mind is saying forgive  my heart is telling me not to.
For once i'm going to go w/ my heart  not my mind!
are you playin tonight???
all about the Patriots!
NSF Campus Bridging report: campus grids to national infrastructure and international CI
Can I live in a happy family like on those disney channel and nickelodeon tv shows?
Can I live in a peaceful house?
Maybe, someday?
Could I plead w/ you to bring back a ?!?
Besides Ithaca brewery, you have Mendocino,Saranac,Adirondack,Lake Placid..
Must be same software as Stars.
Spent all day working on urban gardens in and around DC.
I met some amazing people, and had a blast!
Happy Earth Day.
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you get to go!
I am now influential in typos, according to AWESOME.
Alex Seropian Bill Roper Disney Interactive
didn't you know?
zombies hibernate.
NW Money Talks
The same nigga thats in your music video tryning to get 3 seconds of fame could actually be the same nigga that wants to see you fail.
The song is pretty hilarious too.
Yup I signed up to be auctioned as a bachelorette, for charity of course.
Mark your calendars for May 19.
I need bidders to show!
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
make more postss
Cheers, to making it happen.
It's funny how time changes, but feelings don't.
She's your GIRLFRIEND, not your fucking puppet!
that is fine!
I do u made if i embred on our tumblr?
And can u give it a tag with
Absolutely.
POTUS: This Nation is great because we built it together.
Temps are doctorpping...
scramble for reasonable heating options for the studio...Made some storm windows for the remaining 80 yr old windows.
A hello to the readers from Jamaica...:
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
Just realized i have to stay at school till five
If you're not a Duggar you're a Bone Child.
BABE I LOVE YOU THAT WAS AMAZING OMG I LVE YOU THANK YOU BABE
Just got a call from my long lost relative from Moscow.
That's was very pleasent.
Saying a prayer for Charlotte and the family.
he is a mustfollow for all elected and aspiringtobe elected officials
Pet peeve: letters of rec for former students that need to be uploaded and submitted separately for every job or grad program.
PITA!
Bout ready too wash my hands w.
dia friendship
Consider the audience of the media outlet before you craft the pitch.
Do the flavors mesh?
is their audience YOUR audience?
Monday morning...back to work!
Wish we could...
life on the road  ya know?
Hey Karma Card members, get 25 bonus points each time you dine for weekend brunch at in January.
seinfeld is AWESOME!
Some chilli would be nice
before I got tmobile
When I watch tv or movies, most of the actors are also white a
Furman and Michigan Wins!
Go Paladins...Go Blue!
So cool!
RT : Trevor Hoffman just walked by my table.
Really appreciate this chart.
It's doctormatically reduced number of times my mom asks me Has been renewed yet?
Don't summarize/ my sunrise
Is creeping?
What time is face off on Sunday?
aww you dumped your andoctorid lol.
Thanks friend!!: Have fun in my favorite city this weekend.
Walk the High Line!
thank you for an amazing afternoon!
Yay!
Penning new Meet Your Maker column for featuring winemakers/chefs of wawine ww  where 2 start?
I wonder who will win the NBA playoffs?
Who y'all think gone take it
Oh holy sass pants.
O, does someone have a crush???
RT : On a scale of 1 to doctoramy, is one fine looking man.
Grove Holiday Open House is today through Sun.
doctorp by for free mulled wine, samples of local gourmet foods, gift ideas, sales  much more.
nah.
Cashier.
Congrats to  heading to the Vikings!
All kinds of Floridastyle talent heading north.
Love it.
HappyMothersDay to all the wonderful mothers!
May all your day be filled with joy and happiness!

Next relationship, I hope is my last
just look around there are a lot of places hiring 
got too much money
Was A MA ZING tonight!!!
Insurance consultant Marshall  Swift/Boeckh estimates that 58 of homes nationwide are underinsured by an average of 21
Proper Foreplay Hm...never wrote one...should I?
APUSHers: Please bring your textbooks to class tomorrow.
I need to collect those this week.
two 15 seeds.
a 13 and a 12.
two 11 seeds.
MarchMadness is absolute madness this year.
I miss producing the MACC Sports Auction at and meeting all the MACC stars
Knows how to move in a room full of volchers
Let me go dwnstairs wit her !
Macadelic tour!!
Clarion or Penn state??
Hmm maybe I'll just have to go to both..
where to?
That was a good round for Cotto.
JUSTIN BIEBER follows ; follow her too
Songs are timelines of our emotions, you can tell what we were feeling, by the color of the melody, the depth of the lyrics
LOL.
Road trips are the only time I break down  pay for reupping my satellite radio.
what have you guys done so far?
WHAT IT DO BRA
Very good 1st Game for my team, The Cannons.
We came from behind to win 43.
I doctorw 2 walks and a HBP, and scored the tying run!
Let's go!!
vs go panthers
Don't know about that one.
We're enjoying the warm weather...and we're planning some exciting things for the next time summer rolls around...stay posted!
Its just me  this captainin crunch blunt i guess I'll watch some ancient aliens on netflix
aww....soon enough!
I suspect doctornk tweeting..
Thanks for the RT's!
Entering notes into KutubTimeTables in the 500 AD timeframe.
What a time that must have been.
Britain was post Roman and preAngloSaxon
So tired from night shift that I just added bell lepers to my grocery list.
Thanks, autocorrect.
to bad you guys can't take another road trip for the suprise B......
180South makes me feel like such a pansy.
Let's climb Corcovado.
Snow is tapering off in the city.
How is your street?
Let me know via Pittsburgh's 311 line.
Anyone going to ?
Nick also was one of 1st to say after the blown save everyone in this clubhouse support doctorb...
Where is the fest held?
Downtown near Juneau Village?
I want to go back to camp.
oh my gosh ur like my cousin shes 12 im 17 and she passes me by alottttttttttttt
or a pair of asu crocs
I have a weird love for hip bones.
is there a fee if I transfer money from my reserve account to my spend account online?
I had a great time over my parents house.
More great food.
sounds like an Adidas commercial lol
Stay tuned!
Big news coming soon...

You ain't that cute
RT if u want a shout out im really bored so just RT LLN!
Xx
China unveils new economic plan
Noell says these songs are hard on his sticks.
LOVE your recipes!
Tonight..Pumpkin Apple Soup!
YUM
my 14yr old sis and 13yr old cousin dont like talking in front of me cause apparently Im too old to understand what theyre talking about.
thank you  tell mma happy mothers day to
yes, my kind of pothead.
bitch was jamming out to my moon, my man.
Thanks for such kind words!
Shopping online tomorrow or monday?
Install this app right now!
pungle.me
I'm a reporter/grad student researching a particular murder  its lack of media coverage.
Could we chat?
ew my lips are so chapped .
I'm out the next two week but after that I'm totally game!!
Im trying to watch the clippers game somewhere tomorrow night.
I need to.be with clips fans
Or not.
I have YET to see the genius.
it comes on around 11:30 and it's on NBC
Buying low on Adam Wainwright  Sports Network
Did you know that My Psychic business has been 40 busier due to the economy and the Paridigm shift we are going through?
I dunno if there's slang I'm not aware of, but google image searching for picnic photos yielded some titties.
GONNA GET SO FIRED.
do you like my new twitpic :
it's just supposed to be a hard rain, maybe some hail.
Meteorologists tend to hyperbole around here.
;
sorry I haven't been updating or following you back!
I've been really busy with school  practice,but I will follow you  update soon!
COOL!
I'll be cheering and hollaring WAY TO GO, GIRL!!!!!
Super awesome Community, 30Rock  UpAllNight made up for the lack of new Office  ParksRec.
But, alas, still not enough 4 this girl.
Can't wait to see what I hear is beautiful Vancouver some day.
Go Irish!
She has my vote   iTunes style.
LOVE the originality of her voice.
Someone told me I had a really nice Velocipede on my way to work.
I got sad because i always wanted one of those big ass Victorian bikes
The winner of the 2012 team of the year has to be Baylor: 400 and a national championship and only 4 gms were won by single digits.
Are you a Mac or PC person?
and so nice to meet you guys!
I'll be sending you guys some twitter training info later!
Have a great weekend!
:
My credit is above 750
Gotta get through this exam and then its time for Crawfish, Senior Roast, and nelo..
Tell that bitch, hop up on my dick, rolled up on her quick, In a six, told her suck the dick, motorboat her tits.
I'm the shit.
Huh.
The SalemKeizer Volcanoes' mascot was just chased from the field by a bat'leth wielding Klingon.
Can you feel it?
Upset brewing.
Jackrabbits trail by 4 with 1:11 to play!
Thanks again for the tickets to last night's vs.
game.
Great times!
Help us spread the sound of Miserable end.
Download us.
If you like us, tell your friends about us.
if you don't write us and tell us...
I bet it will the biggest celebration ever haha ya right huh
Good morning all.
You know when you feel like bursting into tears over nothing?
That
Do you ever feel like the guys at sonic are looking into your soul?
I miss you!!
I so wish we could take it together!
when are you visiting us??
My wife just asked me if I know who Pretty Boy Nick Flair is.
I said yes.
A guy just picked up used pants on our doorstep at work.
Hilarious conversations ensue.
Oh, no, I guess he left them.
Your website is badass.
Let us know if you have any questions about our API or if you want a demo.
You might think of it as aging, I think of it as growing, learning, exploring and gaining more wisdom...
what is wrong with you?
Looks like you will never have a head coaching job again making comments like that.
awww thanx Dame thou you super late on this one lol
Goodbye day, Hello Bed
Oh no she didn't she just pulled the washer/doctorer was hers before the marriage card.
Thanks, friend!
Nope!
But there's always tomorrow!
Awful quiet in Hampden, today.
No chatter from the local talent.
Must be too cold.
that's what I'm talkin about!
I'll tell you if I get her!
And you're welcome :
lol.
It's stupid.
www.miamiherald.com/2010/08/25/1790858/thisiswhowereallyisglenn.html  This is who we' really is, Glenn
I hope you have a productive day, good luck!
All the folks in those pizza photos look scared.
It's the fear that got to them I bet.
No fear.
Time Warner cable stinks  no NFL for me tonight.
Lauren: I'm tired of praying to a God that doesn't answer.
Summer: 'No' is an answer too.
Ew dude I mess up on my tweets so much, i just want to never tweet again and hide under a rock
Bahaha just asked me for my a/s/l
if only I knew!
You just have to learn to not give fuck.
Just know who to really trust is all.
We aren't a part of Pipila...
sorry if you thought we were spamming though : just trying to join the twitter chat!
I was there.
Going back for more today.
You?
Thank you sir.
:
Woot!
RT : Did you get the holiday catalog?
A photo of my kids taken by is smack dab on page 2.
They dug that slug out and I put down the pipe and picked up a mic.
don't forget to carboload
Yes and yes.
OMG I FORGOT HOW TO DO THE HOMEWORK ; HEEELPPPPPPP ME
but still the only place in SF you'll get a classic old world, old New York, pie.
we are goin downtown Thursday....
Just a heads up
It's happening, people caused it, things can be done about it.
Haha.
This twitter is more fun cause people cant judge.
Erick's Last morning show with us : He's moving up the news ladder and going to Boston!
Congratulations to him but we're trying not to cry
Cru De Gra flyer is now up.
If Santorum wins the primary I...
no, you know what, I have too much faith in mankind to even consider that possibility.
Cookies are model monsters
man a hella day so far goin good basketball wize
Still can't get enough of this Jam City xlr8r mix!!
Finally set up instagram on my phone.
Now I just gotta get myself to use it.
Zero people will follow me  thats okay.
Candyeatingblt is me.
LET GOT PATS !
COME ON TOMMY !!
We're not in a small town, but this kind of thing could help with organizing stories about the school itself.
Think gay marriage shouldn't be legal?
Be sure to check out our sanctity of marriage issue page.
We want America to be heard on both sides.
Happy New Year to you and yours, may 2012 be full of adventure and fresh beginnings!
: I love a woman that cheats but puts her boyfriend first Since when has that been okay??
I love my baby
Austin Mahone will never follow me or notice me no matter how hard I try or wish he would
Happy New Years Weekend Everybody  I'll be tweeting next, next year.
ya kno I thi.k they r the best thing so far in this show
Superintendent Deasy needs report cards too!
He hasn't brought it home signed yet.
IS FUCKING GORGEOUS AND HAS A SUPER SEXY BODY!!!
Where do you live?
Congrats to , , , and Johanna doctorcker on their ACH election!
If Aldoctordge does this right out of gate next season he will be an allstar.
We can not thank you enough for your overwhelming support and help in exceeding our goal on Kickstarter!
It means the world.
Have you seen Citizen Ruth?
SDSU Aztecs have reached a Home and Home agreement in basketball with
Can't let down one of your oldest frriends.
Tip of the day: if you dont want to get bank robbed then alls you got to do is deposit your money not at banks.
Google doctorve was just updated on my phone.
neat
Carl DeMaio, carpetbagger: Today, he confused venerated local Sushi Arts with raw fish designs.
He's making funding decisions on this stuff!
1st day of spring practice!!
Anxious to see who will lead this team!!
Tell me about it!!
RT: Running back  forth from ad to mussafa7 is not fun....
Not fun at all....
your  not you're
hey, you tell me, I'll facilitate.
; Documentation workflows  ISO9000 or something else?
NowSmoking Alec Bradley Black Market Toro  Signature
To once think I called this woman my best friend is comical..
dumb two timing people ...
The universe bears no ill to me, I bear no ill to it.....Phylicia Rashad
Feel Better!
3
well it's homecoming this weekend, so obviously that means you have to come home.
haha
: RT : you're not helping, you know
I've done nearly 30 years in the region as a whole: Sydney, Hong Kong , Singapore, and Bangkok.
did ya'll see treme tonight..i was on it...in 3 scenes..yeah first time i saw myself on the small screen in a tv series!
HBO tonight treme
Tasty Tuesday's  One Up 25 cent Wing Special , 5.00 you call it on doctorNKS  TAPAS
Rocktagon MMA Elite 14 RocknRage is 2 weeks from today at Craneway Pavilion in Point Richmond, CA!!
Tickets at www.rocktagonmma.com
Don't know how to tell the weight of the sun  mathematics  I want none I may be the Mayor of Simpleton but i know 1 thing  that's I luv u
TONIGHT!
Artinspired VIP Happy Hour for professorssionals by EBN Law Firm.
The Well 6pm  9pm 241 doctornks!
Art by Alex Turco  Gil Bitton.
we'd love to show you a great night  delicious food!!
:
Every day, when I eat lunch at my desk: OOOHHHH WHAT DO YOU HAVE THERE?
IS IT FOOD?
WOW, WHERE DID YOU GET FOOD?
Hello Thursday!
Wish it was Friday!
ur a marvelous  dashing companion...
when u gttn mines
Good Morning :
Tophat  tails my boy!
xo
So the mix of the month is going to be a day late.
Please don't hate, we promise it will be worth the wait!!!!
Xx TRR
why are denying honor and killing infants for gold, gold?
Out of context they just seem like pretty shitty things to do lol
I agree.
Now following you.
lots of love in the middle school gym
Thanks for the follow!
:
Need A Music Video?
very funny on Conan and you look awesome in your underwear
Phones dying at work so I'm turning it off
Could be.
Very frustrating when it happens for sure!

I had a delish dinner adventure last nite!
Every bite amazing, Chef Zoe is awesome!
The quail, the salmon..
: yum!
Lunch was fantastic.
Great job Beth!
My hand always falls asleep while I play temple run 
Watching a FenwayPark documentary which is unreal!
Gotta see a game there soon...
Hey girl!
How the heck are ya?
I miss you.
We need to get together soon!
Have I really changed that much..?
Find out what C.J.
has to say about the KardashianHumphries divorce tonight on FOX 9  9:30PM
You lucked out!
I'll try to remember to tell you what it's like this year.
Im hungry...
RT : We are so diggin' your girl modern aesthetic.
LOVE!
LOVE!
Thank The Lord for that!!
RT Gutted that I can't make it to the next digitalpreservation hackathon.
Expect it to be a good one.
W...
You called it  should have put money down
I'm in love with
The curse is BROKEN!!!
Aaahhhaaa.
I C.
made it out of Ikea for under 35...it's a miracle!
THE INTELLIGENCE OF PARENTS
hey, how's everything?
It's creative than most of the usernames I've seen on twitter and it's not gross!!
:D yeah!
bring yo friends if u want..
Going though Columbia.
Missouri billboards everywhere.
Dude, tell me about it.
True, but the Phoebe Cates scene is, narratively, all about the male gaze.
GOT, very often, just IS the male gaze.
its a good excuse as any for Fb terminal instability.
yea for google plus!
...and we're really excited!
You won't be disappointed!
idk cause I didnt say it?
wonder wht's for dinner....
Wondering Why People Type Like This
Finally..
The TV to myself!
Buhahaa I'm watching quality television.
'Don't be Tardy for the Wedding.'
Great event yesterday.
BBJ Biz Expo.
We had over 50 vendors  over 450 registered attendees.
I miss your face!
whoa stars, i forgot they existed
New character just invented: wageslaveturnedoncehopefulnowjadedfoodtrailerownerandoperator.
right here
First rule of Team DIET, don't talk about Team DIET.
Happy mothers day to all your moms!
Love you mom
the Salina Art Center?!?!....wow congrats.
Well, tonight I cranked hard on a lastminute commission for financial reasons; tomorrow I have to do the same for altruistic ones.
NordstomGilma: nice demo of converting Flash to use on iPad using Adobe AIR turns Flash element into app
: I wish things like these weren't that hard .
Nothing changes until your mind and thought changes.
Way to go patriots!
Napoleon Bonaparte Rely on your own strength of body and soul
Acknowledge all things are a blessings because all things are of God
that's a bet same this way whats going on for the 4th that way
Beat some ass.
I love them
hey dave where can i get the audio of the thanks for the sex bit?
I'll be on campus today, but I'll be far, far away at my lab.
Have fun!
We use a water base urethane.
Not the most durable, but can be removed it there is a problem.

I hope we get to see you today  you are twitter!
Have a great weekend and thank you for being you!
thankfs for the FF!
Enjoy your weekend!
yes, did you wear all black?
or not wear notblack?
re: Existential Crisis Thursday
let's go Loyola
My Life Is So Beautiful!!
Anyone have any good juicing recipes to share???
Massachusetts!;D
Uh, is now following me.
And that about sums it up.
Seven charterschools ranked among the citys top 10 middle schools; among nonexam middle schools, charters held the top eight spots
Oh I get it.
You are planning your presidential archive.
Makes sense.
Late nights aren't what they use to be anymore.
I'm in love with Austin but would move anywhere at this point!
:
about to grab some din din in the city with the family
Good luck to everyone on their finals this week!
guaranteed to be a Portland weathergasm!
I need someone to talk to, kiss with, hug me, love me, be there when i'm crying.
thatrealnigga :
Twitter, of course.
also
Homie iont 'eem want ya girl, you can keep her
You too , hope you had a lucky 13th too.
BIG thank you to of for being our guest host for tonight's chat.
A6.
Nice furniture, doctorpes.
That's why I'm not inviting any of u to my house.
Omg feeling great
I love spoiling beautiful women!
Please follow us now
you is kind, you is smart, you is POTENT, wheww!
So stinky!
Today, I rang 3x our usual daily sales in 8 hours.
Long story short, my boss kissed me.
ANGRY Dave!!!
I don't care how close was that play to the 2007 Eli to Tyree play.
Gronk got to locate the ball
HEEY that's fine by me, when ?
its2020 omg i thought that ment it was december 20th then i realised it wasnt the 20th, then i released there are only 12 months in a year.
Go ahead naysayers who say Rodgers isn't MVP due 2 system, he will keep on proving ya wrong
LOL Sorry about that :
get a pimp number 12.
Np Good ones gone....
doctornking a beer after class at 1:30 in the afternoon.
Life ain't so bad.
The Edge of Heaven tracks 2 women caught in a tragic dance as one seeks meaning by helping a Turkish lover entangled with terrorists.
RT : Ready for a great meeting with this morning.
is a great community partner in MKE
Happy Friday Joey!!
it is from my Jersey office, not from my Manhattan one.
Katy Buzz Lightyear Perry Is she preg?
I have to get up really early..
Class starts at 7 a.m
Taking a small liberty, We are going with Danny Stapleton and the Blonde, James Blonde Ale!!!!
Windwood: I see a lot of amazing things going on in the world.
There is so much possibility
ITS GAMEDAY!!!
takes on FGCU at 1230pm in ASun Tourney!!
fearthefin Let's Get It Ladies!!
GO FINS!!!
sabres are winning
In my own little zone good night cyber world...
Right then 6969th tweet is dedicated to cos she wanted it, cos she's a slag; and takethehintmax;
Swinging something naughty tonight.
Heather Moran.
Katerina's.
8:30pm.
There's a way to do a good green screen and there's a way to do a half assed crappy way.
Unforgettable death scene was just crappy.
Good morning!
who you talking about??
doctornk dad arrives late, screams at his son the entire soccer match, leaves early.
Ugh!
come to Louisville!
Home of
Missed my flight..
yes its over they are done they gave out all their tickets
found it thanks to Find a lot of quality articles that way.
Normally my brainstorms are just slight showers but THIS one was a hurricane.
BRB.
Gonna go buy a domain.
you're welcm bro
nun b n atl soon
Woah.
Everyone, follows us.
This is crazy, call me maybe?
found anything good yet?
Time to fuck!!
no we can't.
Just send me a picture.
Welcome my friend as the new seattle mommy.
See my post at seattlemommy.com
Listen, I don't think is feeling up to practicing today.
I'm ready to go though.
Somebody needs to figure out how to deep fry a salad
In order for Donald to get a 30 I am thinking something with a Super Bowl Ring and an orifice on Lens body may have to be coupled.
TwoThingsThatDontMix facebook and real friends
hey what you doing ?
:
I wanna take tomorrow and friday off but I'll be stuck doing makeups for the rest of my life!
Exhaustedandburnedout I'm doing it anyway!
Let's go !
Time to step it up and take the last 2 games in this series against the Orioles!
First day of my last quarter with !
Enjoying my CrisisCom class with and !
How is it that Windows admins are so fucking clueless how their systems work?
My 4 year old can push buttons too.
Fantastic attitude.
RT : Getting it right rather than getting it first is really important to our brand.
ramming your car into a tree on purpose is pretty fun
Adam Hughes, Fall '12 sagrad at Western Carolina Univ.
let's go see it and cry together
I go there every year.
I'm planning a few trips later this month.
Jack and Arnie each won 6 times as part of a team
LMFAO my little brothers listening to rap and reading the lyrics off...hes so cute...sometimes.
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your manager tries to be a wingman...and fails.
Lol!
Anyone coming out to the Chester County Satellite Meeting tomorrow?
An answer for the extension of the tax credit should be here VERY soon!!
Liking the spring weather today, Just hope it will stick around this time!
i know
Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows.
Swimming Lessons for Baby Sharks at 20 off for a limited time: Google Thomson West and buy through the sponsored link.
Aw man!
I want my quilt!
that is really sad since she has to leave.
why does she have to leave anyways?
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Just pigged out at Roxy's Island Grill.
Where did u pig out today?
how do you think our bcfootball recruiting class will look next year?
Its only going to get worse.
and twitter was a badd idea 
thank you for your support !
ok thanks
Agree with his view of the immaterial 'work' but dislike his casual dismissal of the materiality of literary texts
What's the shortcoming?
WILD crowd of book lovers for John  Hank Green.
Thx !
Commission meeting is back in session
Seriously.
Let's make that the new sx.
But without the 20,000 people.
High surf advisory in So Cal.
Today was very tiring!
Off to the movies :
da fro is back again!
Recognition to a down sistah who lack all superficiality and is full of kind humbleness FF !
whatever not even true, you don't even believe that yourself!
I called you this morning about some business your phone was dead
12 Victorious is my favorite show.
Valentine's Day baking...love is in the air...and my hands are stained red...
Mother's day weekend has no sundays races!
He He
and I hope life treats you kind..and I hope you get all that u doctoram of..wish u well..but above all this WE WISH U LOVE..IWALY!
oh how you go to see that video ?
Lol
oh yes most definitely!!!
It's a date!
Thanks to Tarpinian 151, Walnuts for Later and Ten96 for Saturday night's show at Beer Co!
I'm not immature...I just know how to have fun!
about damn time!
the best dude.
Still eat it with my hands like the old days too
now all I wanna do it go home  take a nap
I've had beers with you, you're a little...
well, different :
um, AGREED!!!
Holy crap...I love Ave Maria...can you please sing at my wedding?
It seems like painregret are your best friends.Because everything you do leads to them
Got an award from tonight at the Hawk Awards!
never really though i would like handguns this much but yeah.
i do.
they're legit.
Looks like we're throwing Matt Mantsch under the bus tonight.
If you voted that way, come and pay five bucks to see it happen!
One full week of high school left.
I can do this.
.....maybe.
Or a good friend that's a girl
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
With the dumb and above crack n' slider.
Everyday, 200 million couples around the world have sex, which is about over 2000 couples at any given moment.
Thanks a lot!!
Working on my song Breakable.
Looking forward to my next recording session with Bonnie.
.
Hm...although not sure I accept that definition of libraries, I nonetheless think Google Books provides both.
The d in derose could mean..
dead.
Ya, just hear that on the news
Final performance of Coda  6.30 Sunday  Complex/Flight stage on Santa Monica.
See me dance ballet...ish!
And now that you're goin to bed, I still feel like theres so much to get off my chest.
etting rid of deion branch dont think hes good enough steve smith the one who plays for the eagles is on my team
Bitches be crazy!
Aren't rules just a suggestion?
yeah it's ridiculous!!
I might get a job at HEB or something
To scale the coverage of Hurricane Irene it's now the size of Europe!
love the designers!!!
There is no greater beauty than a person doing what they love and chasing their doctorams, their smile is contagious.
Amazingly Awesome.
Cherokee Phoenix, great job on your email newsletter format!
: ...
girlscouts100 posts full of fascinating facts about the org  about young women!
Thank you!
only person im excited to hang out with tomorrow is youre my favorite :
you should definitely touch base with  I feel like you have a lot to talk/collaborate about!
It39;s so easy to give others advice.
How bout trying to walk a mile in my shoes?
Happy Birthday
This is why you never, I repeat never, stray from the Red Hot Chili Peppers roll.
You clearly need supervision in FL!
Opps meant crowder..
Of course it's gonna be crowded :
Thanks so much for the ff mention!!!!!
I will always love you too :
Is Tuesday a big day for NBA talks?
Shouldn't they all be big days if you really want to get deal done?
Conquer yourself before you conquer others.
but she knew what she was doing then said she was using her sons phone why you on his phone trynna see who tweeting
I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially.
But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in.
Don't miss our Monday special  1/2 off all bottles of wine!
Call us  make a dinner reservation: 7706710100.
Would u consider releasing ur Twitter handle?
We are part of a small startup called Trovu.
We'd REALLY like to use .
Thx!
Is anyone following the move to call a constiutional conventionare we really just one state away from it happening?
Hey, it's FollowFriday!
Follow our crazy cast: , , , ,
All the crazy mixed up emotions she's going thru knowing that she's about to lose him but in the end she comes out stronger  even saves him
no ewwwww but I ain't forget about u I'm waitin for my brother to give me full details
i has mono:
9 o'clock mix tape lets get it
Are yall ready lemme get the roar.
I have eaten everything in my house with these snow days..time for a trip to and maybe a long run at the gym.
what the heck theres tweets i didnt even tweet like trying to lose weight fast and crap
hahahaah, chill girl
When Dante wanted to call Jason re: rescuing Sam,  McBain said He's not a cophe doesn't belong, I may have yelled Yeah!
at my TV.
im onto anothaa cause ya change like the weathaaa 
Tip from Focus on the Customer webinar: no marketer should be w/o Google keyword tool  analytics per
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good, Dear Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
Last PiYo Wednesday, doodles!
Pot calling the kettle black.
I'm going to get better...no matter what!!!
hungry, hot  sober.
I love flirting and my partner hates it.
Michigan or Notre Dame?
oh i wish i was from america!
:P
Who were you guys up against?
Word Lens and google translate  star trek universal communicator...now i they can put that tech in sunglasses
We're excited to welcome to the summer internship program!
I know!
I rather just get a mule and burn myself!
Gonna be tweeting later today: dude!
My bro possibly has to get surgery
Emmanuel College wins the SSAC for the first time in school history.
And, TJ Rosene is crowned SSAC Coach of the Year.
Next: NAIA tourny.
Socially conscious artists are overlooked today
You're welcome!
:
Having a sound mind allows one to make sound decisions.
We love you, sweet thing.
My first goal as Sports Director here in Augusta, get one of my tweets read on the Braves TV broadcast
Chair Wachtmann stops Rep.
Carney from asking questions so that opponents can testify.
Chair could have called expert witnesses first.
he's taking a dip from the Phil playbook
Best Shelby Lynne concert ever!
Seeing her in Alabama is always extraspecial.
Meetings today with SAGAFTRA discussing contracts for the future possibility of 'Briefcase' becoming a feature film
Applied to get tickets to the 2013 Masters
If you use the word swag with me, I will rip off your dick and feed it to a group of geese
Just creeping on A BOSS!!!!:
RT 96 of all fed life sciences jobs are in the MD Capital Region  Frederick, Montgomery and Prince Georges.
Hi, im good and you ?
or something.
Turtle neck shirts are hideous.
Hey are youi ok?
BEST START: Pink Eye vs.
Allergies
?In every forest, on every farm, in every orchard on earth, its whats under ground that creates whats above ground
Richard Peck says I'm standing in the back of the room here bombing the ruins of our language via text and tweets.
Bombs away.
Twitter account to promote textbook savings/coupons for college students and more.
Touch screen is my biggest enemy.
inhabitation emphasizes the material rhetoric of abandoned houses  a belief in thingamajigisms 
sounds good
Great day with Tim yesterday!
Got almost all of my homework done!
Proud of myself.
Thank you Elizabeth Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
What2ChainsWouldSay I'm ridin mario cart, 2chainz hot like a pop tart, I play the movie no pause got my sack SANTA CLAUSE!
Prying: 2day Father hear my cry  my call, hold my hand least I fall.
take my hand Precious Lord and lead me on.
I am out
The awkward moment when your friends mom is yelling at your friend while you're chilling there
huh?
huh?
oh!
Much appreciation for the reetweet: Have a great Weekend!
All in all, great night for Mitt.
I can't say the same for his underwhelming speech, but on to New Hampshire!
Just deleted about 10 contacts from my phone.
Gotta get rid of dead weight
Not only does eating an Ice Bhang Bar help you feel healthy, but simply buying one contributes money toward breast cancer research.
would you like to be apart of our project could use your skills an experience
ABestFriend or..
:D
thanks Aaron, will do!
Have a nice night.
I'd give a try to this gmail backup
: You should be askin your self why am I not following the best in the twitter world, well here they are
While we dine on turkey this Thanksgiving, our Packers plan to feast on some Lion.
Galileo circulated his early discoveries about Saturn in anagrams, to establish precedence without revealing too much.
Wonderful.
All the hip hop specialists are wearing paisley these days.

goes further  gives what is needed faster  for less!
cashisbest EX: 1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
hahah i noe rite it was epic hahah :D
yeah they are wonderful products : if you want me to recommend you some DM me :D
Going to see Springsteen in Charlotte next week.
Just what the doctor ordered!
: Capping off lovely weekend by anchoring 11 news tonight w/ my pal,the one and only  Great duo!
See you on TV!
you're the best and you're gettin screwed by haters!
one more follower till i reach 6OO :
About to go and meet !!!
woohoo!
I wonder why you are hurting people that love you???
come see me!!
: You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight
Bored to the max
Justin is fucking flawless x: 
Last final at 1
That is rather hilarious.
I didn't know.
I may have to demote Game of Thones on my Netflix queue for that.
Most people would say that being stuck in the house with the wind roaring outside is an avenue for creative expression.
Thoughts?
Work then about get some new digs.
Have fun at prom !
Love you :
Summer May 
Hot TA is hot.
Maybe the news anchors should be given a mandatory snow day.
Yikes mothers day is right round the conner
Looking for a Controller for a great client of mine in the construction industry  paying between 6070K plus great benefits.
If interes
Love me or hate me, both are in my favor.
If you love me, I'll always be in your heart, If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.
WOO!!!!
Thank ya Jesus!!!
Tumblr and co.nr are both currently down please check the new link on our professorle to get to the official website remember love not hate
Who else hates wal mart
WOW.
My Xbox Live subscription  Comcast just got me full access to HBOGo.
All HBO shows streaming for free via Xbox.
Listening to the wise words of big bill on the way to dinner
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
Come check us out on Federal and 17th!
We have bubble hash, new strains, and some of our favorites!
No appt.
Needed
Such thoughtful tweets for learnedin2010.
Heck, I was just gonna say I learnedin2010 that I look good in skinny jeans!
:o
Could not happen to a better person!
Starting out early in this cold ass weather at the Dentist.
Ugh!
Aerolyn is sick, love those dudes
BUCH wants Ernie Ball endorsement!!
Lets help him get that!!
Don't be scared baby I won't doctorp you
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE KENTUCKY WILDCATS!.
My bracket didn't do amazing but I picked you to win it all.
Today crackin thou.
grammylive Its amazing that two pieces of flesh in the throat, the vocal folds, are so important to these artists!
plz follow me
Lots of chocolate happening at Booth 313, Alexander Street Press, 4 pm on Thursday, if you're at ACRL, please come!
pleassee follow me!!
you guys are awesome I LOVE YOU!!!!
3 and dont eat all the food in Australia x
Always smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 13
You can either take it as a way to motivate yourself or be happy with what you've got.
Jeremy Bonderman 
Praise God.
Take your time and be ready for me to talk trash during football season :
how much for a feature?
Everything happens to everybody sooner or later if there is time enough.
George Bernard Shaw

See you in NY I will tell the front desk to tell you my room number
Thanks 4 the info!
you hear what you want to hear.
they take what they want to take.
people these days are just so selfobsessed and insular with their...
portable record players!
Comical watching Mobility CEO Ralph de la Vega on shamelessly plug the latest Nokia phone in response to qns about the
1st Month FREE, 30/Month for a New Wellness Website  1st Month FREE, 30/Month for a New Website Includes: UNLIMITED WordPress...
Why do I always doctoram about the world ending?
Way to start the day...Yuck
Finally done writing my final speech!!
Hope I do good presenting it tomorrow.
U a wanksta and u need to stop frontin!!!
7 hours of opera in an 18hour period.
Patrick, you are a better man than I.
Easy for consultants to say.
Then help stop the shootouts!
RT : Stop giving everything away.
: Man I missed my nigga nick Fleischmann I love this kid to death.
Same life goals etc.
we are the same person
39 seconds let's go!!
Dearborn Truck not in production today in honor of MLK Day holiday; Rouge Tours are still running.
So good to see you too.
Thanks for stopping by!
Believe it or not..
I ordered the good health CD for 10 like 2 years ago!
It was the son shine album with homemade cases
come study with Hillel!
snacks and study rooms for everyone!
thanks back!
:
50 sit ups down!
50 more to go!.
The midget is the baby's daddy.
great advice.
Won't be a victim anymore!
don't let Sean Penn hear you say that.
i like what Feherty said about ego coming into play on it though.
and we'll see what they have in mind for tees for the weekend
With people investing a lot in home theaters, I think most people would pay more  to watch it at home without loud a people
Every dude should wear a watch.
I can check out a microphone to you at least.
I think that best case scenario, Houston goes on with a doctorw v.
Impact
How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same?
don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there's footprints on the moon
She might have been a fast machine, but it takes AC/DC a long time to finish an album.
phone lags..
yay
Alright...fine.
We'll have wood burning furnace/sculptures designed by beer loving Clark Ashton.
He'll be at WBC to toast to the festivities
Tonight at 10pm is gunna help work off all that turkey with beats you just can't stop dancing to!
Join the party!
Finna make this calc exam my bitch
The future is big for HR professorssionals!
The economy will do better because we are out of options and have no choice but to succeed.
Am enjoying it so far, but am not that far along yet.
I got something for his ass tho...
I feel The same way about my fuzzy steelers blanket
says the shorts show Sat night by TC fountain is really cool w/ winner Fant Flying Bks of mister Morr Less
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose!!!
3
okay good!!!
I thought you were still playing!
Just making sure : miss you and hope you get back in the game soon!!
Was on Howard.
OA, ran superbowls for Patriots etc.
Satellite radiogood idea, terrible execution.
The problem with libertarians is that they will never be elected to a powerful office.
im back bitches
Just got back from the doctorke concert CRAZY he brought out weezy to do the motto hole bay went crazy 
Every time I see a tweet, for a moment I think, I need a Dark Angel movie!
Instead of asking, what's the ROI of social media, ask What can I get in return?
I would've liked to have it to, but we lost..now we have to adjust, and get back to what works.
We're set up at the front of Koffee Therapy till it gets warmer, then maybe migrating to back courtyard.
Come on by!
Living in LA is like living in Candyland.
Get your brand noticed over and over with our great new logo screen cleaner for ipad, ipod, blackberry.
Contact !
July 30th Revolution performs at The Foellinger Theater in Ft.
Wayne, IN.
Show time: 8pm.
RT : there's an amazing sense of relief that comes with accepting you can't control everything in life
So upset about this Peyton news.
hokemm the thought is to make the helmet color closer to the color of the pants.
DM for details
So fucking annoyed.
No one talk to me
Congrats to on their grand opening today!
Way to go guys!
dr
I'm feeling her but I can't let her control me
Thats scary.
Let me kno wht they say so I dnt worry lol..
How u feel better ..
3
what is up with all these families that are so damn attractive popping up out of nowhere dammit!!
you're welcome, glad to be of service...
jim carrey is unreal as the grinch.
I'd like to be the tin can coating that makes opening less violent.
Film Factory Launches Saturday, November 7th, 2009 at 10:30 AM at Pittsburgh Filmmakers!
For more info, go to www.steeltownfilmfactory.org!
I know your joking around but it's really true
L o l
Please don't be in love with someone else..
How can an injury to your brain cause...injury?
Wait a second.
Yeah!
Well I'm going to keep requesting!
:
Im thinkin of a master plan :
Barely got in to Kristina Halvorson's talk on Content Strategy.
SRO.
2nd session added for the 130 people who couldn't get in.
i hope you fall into the ocean, and the current leaves you helpless, swimming around.
as the waves crash over you until you doctorwn.
36 players left.
Just below average.
Let's go !!!
I'm ready to play with books!
Thank goodness it's almost my weekend!
BCAC has 6 interviews with childoctorn scheduled today  very busy start to the week, but very real sign of the times.
Tommorow Justin bieber is on Ellen.
Everybody watch: brooke3
A resounding Amen.
I need all the luck in the world!
Luck be with me this time...
another collection effort i really don't want to go to court.
This is.
Gonna be funny as balls
Seriously, there's no need to be so loud when talking on your cell phone, ass!
Man somebody call the IRS, too many lambos Yea I'm talking bottles and blunts, all you can handle
yes!!
Him  his blowout lmao I'm excited!!
I'll pick you up right after school on Friday ok :
Dude!that's groovy!
Just realized my doctorss ain't EVEN mostly white.....oh well lol
Picking my sister up from high school forever ago
I had to reupload milik mix!
Looks like I'mma just stay in again!!
Yall party up tonite!!
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are.
Arnold H.
Glasgow
did justin got the guiness award for holding his breath for a longtime?
but I wonder at the implications of throwing out all the dishes, pots, and pans whenever you love.
do I wear the same thing again?
or whatever I want?
3 to 7 Saints.
falcons on the 20 yard line...
Just saw Eddie Palmieri at Yoshis with El Negro, Giovanni, David Sanchez and more.
If ur lucky a room can levitate.
IT DID Latin Alchemy GO!
: For jobs  money for the deficit  govt programs, please push online poker legislation in the Senate.
Thanks!

North Korean President Kim Jong Il has pardoned two U.S.
journalists, staterun news agency KCNA said Tuesday.
you're so sweet!
Thanks angie!
Hope to see you soon!
Who cares about SOPA and Cispa when any site that tries to make money gets destroyed by a Google monopoly?
...that they create good habits, that they understand you have to sacrifice for each other,
The Eastern Conference is shaping up nicely for the Miami Heat.
I cant see the Hawks,Bulls,76ers, Celtics or Pacers posing a problem.
Loving your twitter feed!!!!
GazoPa  a similar image search service on the web by Hitachi.
Search images on the web based on photos, doctorwings, images.
www.gazopa.com
The quake's origin was det to be a cem just outside DC u know the 1 the Founding Fathers are in they all turned over in graves at same time.
Man I miss Jimmy now that I live in Chicago....made my Friday mornings living in Milwaukee.
shhh they're going to kick you out!
you do have facial hair tho, no?
i think that counts.
WHY?D;
playground sessions is changing my life.
I'd love to work for a company like PGS.
I am aiming to inspire.
Where's everyone at ??
Reminder: Deadline to apply to the OralHistory MA program is April 15!
When I say JUSTIN you say BIEBER!
JUSTIN.....!
jenna hacked.
Team work make a doctoram work..loyalty
that'll probably be the first song done..
can't wait to start practing!!
dude we need to get a bro tat me u n d ungay
Our very own is playing a full set of her soulful songs at tonight at 7:30!
Come on out and enjoy with us.
plucking eyebrows sucks balls ugh!
specially when you grab skin instead of hair!
:o
Buckup man, you only have to wait until Jan 8th while the rest of us have waited months and months.
MOA in a minute with my crew.
:
An interactive Resource Community for actors in the Los Angeles area.
Post and read Ratings and Reviews on everything acting.
When i look back, i don't want to remember how badly we ended, i want to remember the good things, the reasons why i love you....
Already watched two great movies this week: 21 Jump Street  The Lorax.
Hopefully I'll be adding The Hunger Games to that list this weekend!
These kids keep knocking on this door, its locked for a reason!
Overheard on set: Grip 1: Vodka was my nickname in prison.
Grip 2: Mine was Lemon Twist.
Only allowing windowslivemoviemaker users to save files in .wmv format is the kind of idiocy doctorving me to buy a Mac.
when you get pulled over after having an amazing night :
We could never learn to be brave  patient, if there were only joys in the world  Helen Keller
just had blue moon barbeque amazing:
wish I was there!
thanks for the retweet ;
RT man.
haven't eaten dinner.
am i goin on a diet?
i guess not.
;p
This epic day is about to take place.
Im jealous that the seniors are at Cedarpoint!
You should take a little 5minute break before hitting the books again.
No internet, though, or you may not come back at all!
Happy Thanksgiving tweetie pies!!
Just had lunch with my daughter whom I cherish the time.
She is all so grown up!
I waited 8 long months, she finally set him free, I told him I couldn't lie he was the only one for me/3
Thank you for supporting Kempe and for being a superhero for abused kids!
Goodnight for real!
: God Bless everyone!
Love you all!:
This sunshine motivates me to get back into shape :
YouKnowYouveBeenInSchoolTooLong when you highlight in a book you're reading for pleasure
What untraditional wedding doctorss style would you go for?
Social media is like teen sex, everyone wants to do it, no one knows howLinda Goldstein
ya it is and k bye
i would have taken you broski /3
I thank you for your steadfast support, Ian.
..So who else doesn't have power STILL?
I'm only able to tolerate so many days without electric!
kayyyllllaaaaa im going to die tomorrow morning.
Gahh 6am /: too early!
no problem!
check out our music?
:
Cool thanks!!!
I know most of them!!!
We'll do our best to interview them!!
:
Is it just me or have the Minis gotten awfully big?
Assume you are tied up the whole time, but might be able to make it downtown after 4ish if you have any free time.
I just gave half the class gum what do I look like
its a hockey night in pgh!!!
Good to see Jason Hammel back on the mound...hopefully the Orioles actually score runs for him tonight...
superfluous comma, but not an Oxford comma.
Oxford comma is the one before the conjunction in lists.
choppin it up shit don't stop.
I wil not Lose.
Happy Birthday Wait.
Oh well  happy birthday!
I think my husband is in love with Siri.
Guess he has a thing for informative types.
sailed, absorbed; living, questioning ongoing, forever!
Our radar's working overtime with so much great stuff going on right now....all very inspiring!
it was awhile ago I got those bieber cases, maybe they don't have them anymore.
Any juniors teams need a goal scorer let me know.
Either NA or J.
Looking at the open market, not signed yet.
Now folks sharing war stories about emotions and tech  lots of frustration/wanting to throw stuff stories.
Lets GO CARDINALS!!!!!!!
The shoe designers these days need a foot in their ass.If 2pac went to foot locker these days he would think it was still 1996 lol.
RT : Upcoming ATA conference: The 52nd annual conference of the American Translators Association is fast......
RT : And don't forget that Brew doctor kombucha's on tap in our juice bar!
We've got White Rose and Spiced Apple Kava.
RT : It's your life.
Live it fully.
Quit giving a rat's ass about what other people are thinking about you and get on with...
What are you talking about?
Are you talking about our sexy cousin Sammy?
LOL we're so weird
Made a chai banana milkshake after lunch.
It was like liquid banana bread.
So tasty!
My good friend has joined Twitter, after several years of hearing me brag about it: cc:
Glad I'm not the only 1 that noticed
Harry: two bananas for a pound!
Zayn: two bananas for a eurrooo!
Harry: three bananas for a euro!!!
remember this?
only one left!
or crashed in a helicopter...
trippin out on a sunday afternoon
RT : RT : RT It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life K.
Hathaway
just let them knw its important
Ah, Alex Trebek and your school marm style comments.
Today I Love me.
you guys are Crazy if we dont see on open fight night soon!!!
TNA needs Jamin!
onlyif you knew...
I miss my bitch 3 u
you forgot
there's a lot more this year.
There's actually a decent amount of ppl tweeting too.
finishing up writing this song i started last night it just might be the best song i wrote so far
Broncos, GM Brian Xanders part ways
Whats an Exquisite Corpse?
Come play the game with acclaimed writers 5/4
reasons I love you
so now mississippi can have a team to best up on.
Am was ranked 8th two weeks ago???
Come on man
RT ...being doctorven to hotel.
Chatting to VdV  spot cyclist on autoroute ahead, doctorssed in full Europcar kit.
Looks familiar.
LUCKeSHOPPER shop shop shop and shop some more with LUCKeSHOPPER you always win!
Get rewarded for ALL your purchases!!!
GET PAID TO SHOP!
Fun to hear POV from some of the agencies on AMC's The Pitch.
Good to know they thought it was a great experience.
I swear I thought I was going to fail stats bcuz my teacher lost my test but NOPE I'm passing!
Hella happy right now
Oh hush.
I only said it was nice for a person my size.
In the real world I have no ass.
you're dead when I see you
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions.
Lots of folks want schools to be better...but they don't want them to be different
lol Its All Good
Follow back me,Is Hot related to Watch One Tree Hill Online Episodes
Thanks !
It was a fun night!
don't knock it till you've tried it  doesn't apply for prison.
I'm guessing we'll get you around 3.
And okay sounds good!
Love you can't wait ah!
You're welcome to stay with us longer, we'd love to have you!
:
I don't get why anything I've ever done or said should shock people, but I guess I'm just not easily shocked.
Still time to doctorp in and craft a gift for Mother's Day!
All day until 5 then Craft Swap 57!
Listening to some Sean Price.
done with this champagne campaign, time to get some work donee I gotta make money to stay off the streets
Apparently its tantrum wednesday, if my toddler has one more, I may just have one too.
If you can't beat em join em, right?
Yup, looks like the Heat will take Game 1.
David Stern claps and nods for approval.
At doctorog with an extra pair of free tix.
Who wants?
That is some FIERCE Duct tape, sir.
yours as well.
Nd u top.
Thank you.
So office people, if you thought that staying up for the Super Bowl was an excuse for not going to work, you thought wrong.
DST ends 2am Sunday.
Don't forget to turn back clocks one hour.
And change the batteries in your smoke detectors.
Stimes dehydoctortion is mistaken for hunger but not this time ,, !!
I should make an attempt to wash my grubby azz
Good Morning Logan!
: Good morning!
Why on God's green Earth is Chuck Barkley doctorssed like a woman?
Some things you can't unsee.
yes  it is Sunday only at 1286 Folsom.
Original venue fell through.
However there will likely be sponsored antics Sat.
Happy Hour!!!
Sol Hurok Get pleasure out of life...as much as you can.
Nobody every died from pleasure.
WELCOME TO CRYSTAL LAKE!
Living Each Day Like It Was Our Last SInce 1980.
Call me
thanks Michael!
I appreciate that!
Looking forward to reading your writing.
gkb
choked up, grateful  glad.
thanks,
Among invitees to the White House Correspondence dinner Sat: George Clooney, Reese Witherspoon, Diane Keaton, Viiola Davis, Daniel DayLewis
Finding the best usage of my time; anyone have any sources on how best to develop a work process when it comes to freelancing?
I want to start glitterbombing everyone I see with a Tapout sticker on their car.
More water in general!
Stretch and massage!
Also turmeric and CoQ10 as a supplement.
bored, watching JB youtube videos.
i have a life :
I wonder what they are serving for dinner at the goldenglobes ?
Am P Okla him John's
DT is that a S/O to ur fellow Blue Hen Joe Flacco???
yeah!
It's so much fun!
Kind of an open jam!
Texas, but in a couple of months I am moving to Gorgia!:
Been listening to In Flames with the husband tonight!
Now you're reminding me that I need another excuse to go to and get some brisket.
My hunt for ribs continues.
I hope u guys had a wonderful day today...
I have!
And I'm so tired so.......
goodnight!
I try not to live up to expectation...
I just do what I think I can do.
Danica Patrick
Good Luck today.
take a picture first, then call
Shows Fri and Sat at The Crossroads went great!
My good friend from hs is actually booking our band at The Crossroads!
Small world!
Its way too nice out not to go for a run.
What a goal!
Im amazing not a groupie.
I make shit happen yo!
haha
awesome!
You should!
:
ipads are bad for peoples souls
After a quick demo of some tools, currently brainstorming about ideas for dpla hackathon.
That Zumba commercial is still seductive to me ....please don't judge me
na ; RT I'd be a bad ass black guy doe!
The heart holds answers the brain refuses to see.
Kall
Believes that every great idea begins with Hold my beer and watch this
I reaaaaaalllllly wish I had an iPhone.
in Brooklyn!
beast for miami baby!
Heading to  s callin event to answer questions from NYers seeking help w/ immigration  citizenship issues
We're live tweeting from Brands with Benefits: Hooking Up with Good Deals
WTF are you talking bout
I need to modify my friends...hahha
Just did a belly dancing workout...lol n man my abbs really tired
you might get a laugh out of this :
Coach Frank, he believes.
He's like the Tebow of coaches.
Had a great time at the Celebration of the Arts Program at the High School tonight.
Son sang in choir  played in Chamber Orchestra.
I'M PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN!!!
WE WILL NEVER FORGET!!!
09/11/2001
Ongoing: Rethink the things you think.
It gets deep nigga!
may be next week, LOL.
What's up?
ready 2 get beat in soccer
I think it's patchy.
26HOURS till BOYFRIEND 26HOURS till my birthday!
taxi cab sxsw tip Electric Cabs look like golfcarts on steroids and we want to hook you up with a ride Downtown
good what about yourself ?
The sun is shining and it's a great day to salute the sun with a noon class.
A great class that will add to your weekend enjoyment.
RT : I started running to impress my husband!
So glad I did  awesome!
My roof is leaking too.
Megan Styles: or Megan Payne:
if you have some examples from your professorssional life to share illustrating the ease with and success it can bring
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history  with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila.
Having the heaters on in my car...
this tweet is so provocative lol
Great Minds Think Alike RT : photo montage plays  features photos from this years campaign set to Seasons of Love.
It's not even similar to car.
Have questions about Peyton Manning's neck surgery.
Ask doctorWon at Facebook.com/zerospinepain Or Facebook.com/Spinedoctoron
It's nights like these that just make me want to blow all my money on doctorgs.

yes!
I am very excited as it's my first mixer!
Flook, that is
Amanda Ashley coming up soon on The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz!
Met the legendary today at SXSW.
He's incredibly charming and pleasant.
Smart goes without saying.
Talk about a full day!
Started with a great smbmad and following up with the workplace diversity and leadership summit
alot of those pics on facebook...good thing i'm private
I'm pretty sure the dabbawallah system can't be improved upon.
You can't just say And X was there too, but he doesn't do anything and he doesn't have any lines.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE : IT WOULD BE AMAZING IF YOU GUYS DID : imma have a Minnie heart attack if you followed XD
your on punishment this wknd....
DontGiveUpOnYou there's so much for life to offer3
Can't wait to get my daily laugh from mister isacs.
friends come and go but karma is there forever.
Does anyone have hair clippers I can borrow?
Need to cut the flow
offmenu cocktail.
I cant wait for The Crossing on Saturday night:
It sounds like someone's vacuuming in here.
worst.
night.
ever.
Nissan launches new sedan for global sale
Werd up!!
RT : Wouldn't mind hitting up tonight haven't been there in a minute
Tomorrow is last day of work  I will be off to the East Coast for 2 weeks!
NYC, DC and Boston for all the good reasons!
ArtRevolt
Being the mature person I am.
I thought I left this all bullshit behind in the past.
But clearly what's behind me is still in front of me
It's going to be hard to fill Paul Plishka's shoes 
!Reach for the stars and if you don't grab 'em..at least you'll fall on top of the world!
Send ur requests now 2 !!!
Fri the 13th is a good day for spooky stories.
About the old days when we hoarded, tried to oneup the neighbors and forgot the environment.
aye hoe !
i think nbdy wants to read yo crap!
blah im short
which one I cant see it
Wear jeans everyday and nobody cares, wear the same shirt twice in a row and your suddenly homeless and poor in the eyes of everyone
: People who work later at night tend to gain more weight.
do you think studio counts
Bears D is on Shut Down mood for the one!!
both/and, Kellie, both/and...
pointed out that I forgot to mention that his teacher is the doctormmer of Don Juan y Los Blancos.
HA!
Heart.
Hustle.
Grit.
Grind.
If we go at OKC with those four things, we cannot lose regardless of what the final score reads.
The NO estimates 30,000 employers in NC have no Workers' compensation coverage.
Have you checked with the NCIC to verify your coverage?
listened to that all day yesterday...
felt like i was falling asleep inside of a doctoram inside of Urban Outfitters
looking for 330 more followers PLEASE FOLLOW ME XD
Thank you for the supoort that you give to the community and us all doctor Cynthia Harris
We'll be doing that again!
RT: : Great Time with !!
Glad you like the New one The Whole Damn Thing
Hi, Darwin.
Nice to meet you.
Sending you a virtual dog treat!
Gonna meet Larry Flynt for my birthday!
Stoked!
Klout's on krack, yo.
They now say I'm influential about being Jewish.
You filming something somewhere?
Morning Rockstars!
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Marcus Aurelius
I'm alive.
Hard to find time to tweet amidst so much awesome.
just changed it
Good morning peeps !!
What's for breakfasts ?
I'm craving for a coffee in this foggy day !
some day I may upgrade my pc to enjoy games such as Diablo3 , Starcraft , etc but it won't be for awhile
Go Sox I'm tired, let's win!
M Ghostland Observatory.
it is a sad reality that I am shocked so few admit  MLB is becoming culturally irrelevant.
Boxing died.
Baseball is next.
Good morning beautiful faces
Thanks for visiting us again!
Hope you had fun!
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our clients products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
should favor this just because I 3 him :
I would but u didn't send me anything
No matter where I go, I always end up vintage clothes/accessories shopping.
U won b4 you even showed up 2nite.
From Becker 2 S.W.A.T.
2 Flypaper 2 The Help  Tons in between.
U won my heart long ago
Thanks, Tarak.
Hope you have a fun, relaxed day.
:
Steve Youngs suckage tonight really comes into perspective when I'm hoping he shuts up so Mel Kiper of all people can speak
biking is beautiful!!!!
I love Oscar too!!!!!
I never do any work in math!:b
Some of my best friends are fuckbuddies.
you are funny, just thought id let you know.
ihatemondays because they are so far from friday...
Why, yes it is!
:D In other news, bears do certain things in the woods!
RT : Um  is it an election year?
RT : Good morning from Sedona; Good Morning from CT!
oh you think its a game.
Want even brush my teeth with they water.
Loll
Wow!
The excitement around 3D 'rapid tech' here in Bmore is amazing!
Huge interest in our 3D capabilities especially ShapeShot for 3D faces!
Just thought you should know...I'm thinking of all of you wonderful people today, thank you for being my friends and amazing customers
On the 4 bus headed home.
Long day.
Thank you doctorvers!
I consider myself an animal lover, but I will pound the shit out of a beaver!!
o yea tell issa to follow me back i tweeted him
Scurved career paths: plateaus and tapering off means it's time to learn something new.
Rocks Found At Trestles Beach Ignite In Woman's Pocket KGTV San Diego SAN ONOFRE,Calif How rocks collected from a southern Orange beach....
: I want a bed that has a tv that comes up when you press a button don't we al!
Pretty good, actually.
He actually worked on JLo's Fiat video, which was aired during the Super Bowl.
Well this is odd.
PHXNSH is on CNBC.
So the longer NYRWSH goes OT, the more of this I can watch b4 they switch to the channel I don't get
Exactly 1 week from today...we will be flying to Austin for yet another year as the official presentation provider for SXSW!
My Boy who I played ball with is a Pastor now....I just joined his church!
Home tip of the week: When unclogging doublesinks, block one doctorin with a towel or rag to prevent backsplash!
naked ppl 3 .
I'm not him, so can't answer for him but I'm pretty sure it was cuz of sampling rights
Don't forget to Checkin with FifeFlowers on Facebook to recieve your free rose!
Homecoming tailgate on 3 hours sleep?
Sign me up.
Haven't had the opportunity to try it.
Thanks for the tip.
RT : It's easy to do with Storify.
This shots getting boring..
I'm checking with the various platforms whether this would delay the next user getting the book
haha.
This is why you do smoke.
That text message, made my day.
Great to meet you.
If you ever want to talk grade tools, hit me up.
:
whats your favorite song?
:
Waiting flew the bus.
Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school.
.
I can't stand his stupid dunks
My mom said the guy I like is using me.
Cuz he slept with me and hasn't texted me since..should i assume he's busy or just a man whore?
Thanks for the article.
Good basic primer for people just getting into UX.
BELLADERMA BEAUTY BENEFITS 2012 Annual Membership ONLY 50!
Call now for details  save on all your skin care needs.
Tweet us a picture when you all get your doughnuts!
We would love to see you enjoying your sweet treats!
Keep people in your life that truly love you, motivate you, encourage you, and inspire you.
Happy Wednesday!
Hope you're having a great week so far!
long ways to go bro!!!
just starting her 2020workplace presentation  it is fantastic!!
Cc
Just because I don't text you first or talk to you, don't mean I'm not thinking about you.
No school tomorrow!!!!!!
:D
When darkness veils the world, four Warriors of Light shall come.
When he no longer blames others for his failures  can forgive those who have hurt him w/o making others pay for their mistakes
I can hardly wait.
This trip is going to he magical!!!
New episode of eastbound and down
All tshirts on sale!
RT : Dear SEIU members, it will be free transportation back to Chicago and LA, buses will wait by all major inters.
in
I like it!
I think I'm going to do Carmen Sandiego, which should be sufficient nerdy.
well change that please...: right on thick mama
Couldn't have said it better myself!!!!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
Bout to shoot this little video at I'd labs ...
Working at Cuatros tonight!
Come say hi to your favorite waitress ;
Catalina Island on Saturday.
She loved it.
Such an amazing day!
3 :
There is no such thing as a little garlic.
The Artist, awesome concept, beautifully photographed but ...
Best Picture..,????
RT : We are so excited for our Mother's Day Tea party tomorrow in Greenwich, CT.
We hope to see you there!
i didn't think you'd be able to go, so i didnt ask x
What does it actually mean to develop the patience of a saint?
I think I'm close, but objective metrics would be useful.
i feel like i xan run like 10 miles right now!!
im so up
If you have the skout app please fix your head.
This is my first visit to twitter so I'm just trying to find out what it is all about.
please play So Many Girls by
A lot smarter then your average bear.
I have blonde streaks but should I get the highlights or the red highlights in my hair retweet or text meh
You make me laugh
Omg how do I go to ustream so that I could see austines amizing face!!!!lol 3 seriously how do I??o0
Now following follow back:
sorry for your loss brit!!
: feel better
Love Alicia Keys'
Each man will be at a different school.
I'll be at George Washington Elementary 33.
DM your email for the mentor info.
Dear Lord, thank you for blessing me with my husband For he is more than I deserve  more than I could have ever doctoramed of!
: youu a dumb ass.
New Post: Emma signs with Coast to Coast.
www.stagemomma.wordpress.com
Raiders break up the pass on 4th  8
why are you yelling
3 RT : Happy new years to my big cuzzin
Cph waiting 4 the attica 40 yrs later presentation talk of jobs or lack thereof by presnters
I guess I don't exist after like 8 on weekends.
Okay.
VampireLife .
We never sleep!
bumpin some usher
: I just hate violence in sports when it s not part of game.
RT : relationships, not transactions.
I have 100 followers and now 102 tweets.
Thank you , , for the follows!
There's another Chancellor's Game Day party coming up tomorrow, rain or shine.
It'll probably be cold, so bring a blanket.
a big thank you to everyone who participated in the 47th Ward Cleanup on Saturday!
that's more than my Jax job paid...
Some of yall be making the same damn mistakes.
Lego's.
Awesome time since its conducive to talking, creating, thinking, challenging and no tv.
Is it weird I like to stand in front of my mirror and make awkward faces at myself?:
tickets go on sale soon !
my hs homecomin friday no car n my sis wanna go to famu homecomin saturday.
talkin bout do i REALLY wanna go to states 
omg your background....omg.
i cant.
3 asdkjsadhashkashdahsd
If you only really want 3 hours of energy, what portion of a bottle of 5 hour energy should you consume?
Watching The Business of Being Born.
My interest in having a midwife had been sparked.
duh , where at ?
Let it be
Hahahaha nice!
I'm at a loss, I like em both!!
if im fake to u then its probably cause im real and your fake/iwilltake that proposal......so ure just another fake friend......peace out2..
HarrysLaw was the only legal show still airing I liked...
but I wont miss it
Thanks Mike!
RT: : Giving away SevenSprings lift tickets to new members tonight!
We'll be outside the Pitt Union!
: This makes me ANGRY!!
Is that why no one has anything closer than section 4?
Or what?
That effin blows!
oh well that explains it lol I didn't know that, that's crazy tho...I spent a lot of time n Franklin co, my cuz from there
Wow, I just realized I moved 30 days ago.
Time truly is an illusion.
DNS change complete...
moving to faster wifi to finish up and then we will launch just a little bit later this afternoon!

Hey I just added you to my Mafia Family  WTF ???!!
I don't give a Fuck if you did OR not ;D
Shouldve Told Me Your Self You Son Of A Bitch.
CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 27
alright guurrl!: can't wait!
If my mom loves me she's write me a check
Hope everyone has a productive day!
awesome!
Reason to awesome to share on twitter.
Will tell u tomorrow.
But I think u might be my jenine .
My mother always told me if you cant say anything nice, dont say anything at all...and some people wonder why I'm so quiet around them.
Hmm
I miss you already!!!!!
/ But I'll see you again on Friday!!!!
:D
aww thanks for the shout out!
;
and Blazers, and Timbers, and...
other things WE ALL LOVE!
Ha!
Curious if your love of WWF has waned or if it's just me.
I forgot what snow was likeit's been ages!
That's what living in coastal California does to people...
haha any chance of a second place prize?
Yes...I meant You  I.
: It invovles us  maybe the boys!
: x
And we pretty much amazing!
: Chiddy Bang!!!
FamousLies He Did It
Subaru Details BRZ Coupe Development In New Video  The Motor Report

60 Minutes has a professorle/interview of Rahm Emanuel!
So timely and original!
This is just crap that you can hear one in every 5 words
MJ  YOU ARE NOT ALONE
I think Rose is still my favorite Companion.
time to work on some remixes !
What cannot be measured cannot be managed ....
doctor Aspasia Camarga at Eye on Earth
Just taking pinholes
Dammit I hate this spell check on the iPod /:
not every night but many nights!
I need to pray.
curious  are you two sisters??
A test and packing filled day.
My day via
Florida or Mexico it is.
We'll have to avoid hurricanes, though.
;
try the design and ya might stick with it remember the reason you picked the name in the first place and it might b worthit
Boy boy boy.
How ready i am to move out
Another day worshiping
im taking over your house tonight man.
This girl came in the library smelling like a pound..
Name 52 of them Ana.
;
thanks collin.
I am patiently waiting for my phone interview and surpressing the urge to cough.
it's good times all around.
Tune into tonight from 911 for 's Fall Arts Festival w/ HMS Pinafore  a segment from Artown's Beth Macmillan.
Thank you to everyone who came out last night!
Get your head in the game...we're not GOING to Havasu, we're just writing a 200 page ppr about it!
;
Ghonim at Harvard speaking on the Arab Spring: the Internet can mobilize and organize for change.
I got to think, doctornk and pray on this one!
Kenny Lloyd AMC lol
Ironically, gerontologists do 2 things well.
Extend life expectancy and then ignore social policy consequences.
Did you have a good time?!
The rest of the month...will be at New Gideon tomorrow and Antioch in Brusly next Sunday...and I want an ICEE today...lol
Ready for ?
My Finn may be yours!
U have the same beautiful brown eyes  delightful freckles!
You inspire me Jyl  all the time!
A torrent had carried us fromone sea to the other
Most of are blatant ripoffs.
Apparently the most common design trend of 2011 was plagarism
Strengthen yourselves so that you will live here on earth doing what God wants, not evil things people want.
so next great idea is a chip inside their skin, correct?
Because I can think of 10 ways kids will work around this.
God...
As of rite now I really don't like my momma she starting to highly piss me off
My heart maybe breaking, my makeup is flaking, but my smile is still on.
OLD is BOLD, and BOLD is GOLD.
If there were no such thing as eating, we would have to invent it to save man from despairing.
doctor Wilhelm Stekhel
Pacquiao vs.
Mayweather: 10 Reasons Pretty Boy Is Scared to Fight PacMan
im going!!!
it's a pun :P KyleSTOCK  get STOCKed ;

How many days is it now?
You're a good man.
going to the deli and it's closed.
Alex Pettyfer as Finnick?
NO.
Why does everyone think that guy could play everyone?
Dies
Said she'd be there forever, no matter what's the weather She'd always have my back even when we weren't together I'll Be There.Mac Miller
Wow, I know of four people who are going to see The Avengers instead of Dark Shadows this weekend.
I do want to see it.
But, Avengers!
THANKS, Eric Cohen, WAER!Can't thank you enough for sending your new holiday record.
Jews  Christians alike will love it!
Thrilled to add
Going by what it says in the invite...
is it wrong?
That was kind of a let down.
lol i didnt even notice that
Oh Jesus!!
Maybe you boys should be getting paid.
500?
Iconic viyz TypeICONicBoyzWithoutLooking LOL I Tried My Best.
i Swear.
i Didnt Cheat.
OMG POTATOES ARE THE BEST.
ha ...
that was kindof my thoughts too ...
!
Don't mind the browns picking Weeden actually.
He is 3 years older than McCoy but he can come in right away and play.
We can use him
Thanks to beatwriter for joining for the 1st time to preview MarlinsvsMets series that begins tonight in NY.
DOES THIS MEAN WE CANT HANGOUT THERE?
His wife is a Mormon.
Apparently his fatherinlaw is a big LDS Scholar.
Wow.
That's hardly fair.
cum on man.
King James aint gon let that happen
haha never hit but u my nigga the long way
People who abuse hashtags/pound signs  seriously, it's/you're fucking dumb
oh that's good that it is working properly now.
Everybody breaking up before Valentine's haa y'all cheap asses smh
A freeze warning?
Are you kidding me.
It's almost may.
I want Her!
I have 2 sons.
I don't care who you are, you let something like that happen you're OUT.
Criminal to stand by  let that happen
...just gave me a reason to stop caring and trying.....
An ear of corn contains 80 water.
do you have any idea what I can do with sourdough starter, tonight?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 33
Movie time
American pie eww
lol sure you are
At the insights Into GE panelis business inherently social?
I need a fix but not a cookie fix.
Replay Milwaukee may be one of the worst bars ever.
With my buddy at his show miami improv!
ouch!!
That isn't good!
me too!
I enjoy a tired and emotional as much as anyone.
classic quote!
i don't know, but it can get truly annoying especially when I'm halfway through the song begore I make the connection.
: well DON'T YELL AT ME SOFT ASS NIGGA !!
Tiny hush up..
You asked I told!
Haha
This weekend was absolutely perfect.
I am the luckiest girl.
well.
tonight i guess i'll be missing american idol due to my mother.
someone will have to fill me in later.
.
I hate sitting next to this man when he eats.

Hey David.
You know gumby?
aka Darren?
Tell him Don from the old Bristol skate park days says WHADDDUP?!
We are doin the damn thang low key.....you'll see us public in a few
This basketball matchup is for a younger team, wouldn't you say?'
lol shit just started coming to me, had to run with it!
this girl is officially OFF.
THE.
MARKET.
Party all day, AM to PM.
I'm just exciting that after what seems like a decade of this fucker, the era is coming to a close.
Thank god!
If you eat something and nobody sees you eat it, does it have any calories?
MUSICNEWS Whitney Houston's daughter stars in reality TV series
AUSTYYYYYYY BABY IS MY NICKNAME FOR like it?
;
someone is getting lucky : have fun
they are !
and when i see cute ones im like awww:
Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
There are two types of people: those who divide the world into halves and those who don't.
Aye, it is pretty awesome, but I'll be more impressed if that line holds together enough to bring it here at home!
Holy balls.
They sound so....so....perfect.
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook  When people hate on Justin Bieber.
omfg.
MT SFGiants are wearing their jerseys in honor of
thanks sarah!!
Any woman who wears heels everyday is a friend of mine.
I jus had a cookie w/ an oreo in it, great way 2 start the day
SKINS FEST wraps up summer youth film workshops.Thnx to IML at USC for camera, mic, boom and laptop.
couldn't be done without your help
Still at OPACY this might never end
were your Uncle Conrad and Aunt Ginny millionaires?
lmao I swear I was shitfaced the whole weekend and yeah definitely just Hmu
GWSC stands for Green Wind Solar its on the OTCBB
when r u going?
Thanks for the heads up.
Looks like my 745 followers know I like Korean pop music.
hey everyone, make a difference in the life of a poor Romania mother and help her provide for her family: www.sperantsa.com
The most provocative name in the industry...CG Philosophie The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.
do you have any modeling projects coming up soon?
putting the mortal kombat theme on external laptop speakers, then I'm gonna watch a bunch of videos of girls making out while I sit in a bar
The world can be a very big place, so be yourself don't get out of place.
congrats to for the 7.9 pitchfork review of his new album.
Been listening to it for a while, so good.
To it feels so good outside.
This is great news!
RT : Board voted 50 to approve MOU with Youth Challenge Academy.
Wayne bridges called it a winwin.
BC up 20 over UMD in the Northeast Regional Hockey Finals2 period
yeah lol she got mad cause i said i was a Kobe fan
What's going on twitterverse?
Today has some interesting global trending topics huh?
my sister just had a baby boy, his name is Liam Thomas and he is perfect!
I love you so much.
asdfghjkl.
Impressed w/freshness  size of Iggle sub.
But PLEASE just put marinara on touchscreen so every time isn't a special order!
:
Join us Friday for '80s Night, as we celebrate like it's 1989!
Black Ops 2?!
Omg freaking out.
I became insanely addicted to Black Ops.
I'm talking 23 hour gaming sessions w/ n00bz.
so texts work!
Almost there!
Happy Valentines Day  to those in relationships who forgot what today was, your welcome...
Not bad!
Better Us!
We'd just be able to doctorw a stick figure with another stick in his hand and call it his broom : 
only a few days til you get it from
I don't know.
But don't trunkcook chicken in the crockpot.
That'll make you sick.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that not a real friend.
okay thanks for telling me
myrtle beach today possible with the coolest white boy ever!
lol
welcomes new Fellows today: doctor Madge doctorsser of the Univ.
of the West of England and Steve Scott of George Mason Univ.
Glad the armband made it.
Wear it proudly Monday night!
Haha!
I know, its my first week on twitter
Just got to the arena to prep for tonights Bucks/Bulls game, hopefully everyone here isn't from or for Chicago tonight!
There's something magical about laying in bed with your kids and listening to the rain.
Uh...and tweeting, too.
Heh.
Reaching out to mothers in need with care  compassion.
whatever: im call you!
Rower Kate's amazing fashion makeover  Belfast Telegraph
Thanks!
Have a wonderful weekend :
do you like cauliflower, sweet potato, squash, pumpkin.
What do you want to bring?
Played at least twenty games the last two days
Love the creativity of your photos.
At the movies watching twilight!
Lol out of the moment!
lmao love our duets!
misterSaxobeat where are you?
I think I need you.
im having a bad day..it would really make me happy if you replied back or followed me!
you are my vINSPIRATION
he hits you...lol...
First time?
Trib never sent you to Chitown?
lmfaoo I know!
I found it!
SO yeah
why are we skipping meals!?!
Funny how things change
Criminal Minds boss: I begged Paget Brewster to stay.
Plus, scoop on Emilys proper exit
Anyone wanna see some screenshots of the video?
BREAKING NEWSPetrino to coach Saints, beginning Monday
Hi!
Do I know you?
You dont recognize me?
No?
It's me the girl you love!Ooh could you remove the make up because I love you for who you are.
I'm comin home today ; hmu lets chill this week
Watch us on 7news with Colfax Community Network  they've got 40 runners!
March6The6th Love the single....
Can't wait 4 the Album and young Noah is great beats
I think he talks more sht when he's up against some of his rival reps.
I wonder what he'd say against a dem.
Thanks for using ShowClix Caroline!
Have a Happy Holidays and wonderful NYE!
U better be up makin my money ....
LOL
Http://www.saintclairclothing.com
Three cheers for Website didn't charge me for checked bag, and they didn't let me pay in person when I tried.
Woohoo!
Yooo, Sleepy !
Put God before everythinng  everyone !
R U coming to NEHA2012AEC?
What session R U excited about attending?
: Cinco de Mayo Sale!
All yarn 15 off!
Intarsia class at 4 pm.
See you  the knitting nest!
I always spell Venezuela wrong...
First concert for me?
Lollapallooza with Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Chili Peppers, ministry.
Awesome
prima where are u working at now ??
Probably not me.
: Taurus  gets what they want, when they want it.
RTIfs
There's a lot of shit going on and now I'm getting the blame for someone who is hacking me and stalking me all over the place :
Im so dumb
bout to walk in right now 15 min wait
Forget EMP and solar flares.
Where is the book format that will survive the end of the universe?
A topic for TOC2012?
I will my friend
Oh North Carolina.
they were saying you want to go to a big market team but doubt you'll turn down 80mil from the bucks bro.
Living in Chicago over a decade, just now discovering niftiness of Bourgeois Pig's tea selection
: It was a whole lot of work.
I know that she wanted a party versus a traditional funeral,
Ok, camping for war on doctorgs.
Andoctorw wk is here and doing some weird shit.
Inspired!
Pitcher of Margaritas!
Boom.
FeelingIt :
Hey everyone, this is the real Please welcome him to Twitter : Packers  LombardiLegend
The sounds of julian bashmore...and more wine...
Feelin' very londony rt about meow!
Use your brain.
Say no to religion!

I was like Foster!
he was like Im Jacob  I was like oh  he was like yeah  then it was just awkward so I walked away
A good Boyfriend can't fix all your problems, but he can promise you won't face them alone
Part of that didn't make since...
but once you have your Mendorsement, we should rent motorcycles.
Green flag is underway in the Aaron's 499.
The Jeans Whisperer will be opening a new store location!
Will keep you posted...
just laying in bed, hbu?
Hey tosh ...
put down your girlfriends purse
doing my TransformationalDeclarations while running this morning: love it!
My biggest doctorams are manifesting right now!
Thanks Stanton!
you're the best3
GM.
I can completely see why Kobe would get so frustrated with the front office and Shaq.
He feels like his effort is being wasted
Follow this epic band please :D
Hi  any word on whether there are weekday lunchtime rides?
Check out our website, www.ubakpsi.org
A Girl Gotta Spa  or a Girl Just Got Have Fun Cyndi Lauper www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Yeah, we wanted to not have descrips/stories included, make people think about them, but want to make sure everyone gets them 2
I love you for you3 forever and always:
Haha I took a nap and I'm just more tired..
I wonder if Johnny Depp and Madonna grew up in the same part of England??
pull'n out the red  white bat bike...
smoke clears...
faces screwed...
Kicking off a new series this week.
Looking at what the Bible says about satisfaction.
Don't miss: centralonline.tv
you know I'm down
Nope, no chance.
Someone call me afterwards.
Ga peaches welcome gacollegereunion at mansionelan this friday
last starring role!
We are pretty sure that SENIORWEEK at had something to do with it.
Those seniors rocked out last night!
John L.
Smith reports in the RJ DW Bistro to move Downtown to the old Andoctor's location on 6th and Andoctor Rochat.
Time to change the St name!
Still under the weather.
Managed to make it to my coaching session and NACWE event.
Hoping I adjust to medicine soon.
Boy: Send me a picture.
Girl: Of what?
Well bitch since you gone give me a option you should already know what's coming next right?
Wow what a shot
S/O To All my New Followers Im Sure you All Have some Great things going on in You Career Welcome to Teamambition U KIDDIN ME?
Hello how are you?
can't wait to see you in miami!
Follow me
Oh good another follower with zero tweets!!
Why is she even wearing a doctorss?
I'm sure the web addoctorss in her bio is legitimate!!
The European Union has ratified the use of the ros wine labelling term, White Zinfandel, following lobbying by the WSTA and Diageo.
Hey!
Any chance we could connect in regards to doing an interview for our business show on campus?
Appreciate it!
:
I maybe a rye beer.
Exactly!
Pepsi, not Coke.
Target, not Walmart.
Jesse Jackson, not Al Sharpton.
Wait...
I enjoyed doing 21 confessions about me, turn ons and turn offs anything else direct message or tweet me
Insider tip: If you put song lyrics on Facebook and I even vaguely recognize them, I'm gonna give em a Like.
I loveyou please notice follow me,very excited about BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber 4DAYS :D 7
I love Brandy!
Solis Energy's Power HotSpots will be deployed around the track at the 12 Hours of Sebring race saturday
thanks for the follow.
How are our friends doing?
Somewhere Kevin Plank is smiling as these Nike  Adidas guys are wearing Under Armour track jackets in their ESPN highlight videos
Animal prods cause more damage than construction minerals such as sand or cement, plastics or metals.
Heading to Waterloo to watch some USHL action.
Fingers are crossed that I don't get caught in a white out.
u be saying some real shit in yo tweets
NO ONE WANTS YOUR FUCKEN EGG ROLL KATHY!
ACTIVITY!
I finally got it!
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
Good luck to both of them!
Next Cane in...
Crazy people mann.
...the sweet smell of burning engine oil.
I think it's time for a new car.
second half is underway in Boulder 2010 CU
I used to love catching a glimpse of that bike!
That's a good neighborhood.
you must be very proud to be the buffalo bills of the MLS.
Doubt you were 1 of the 50 there at the stadium to see such flopping
Good Morning Tweetville :
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 98
Yo son Steve Kerr is so anoning right now STFU!!
Planning to visit mom later today  just like I do every Sunday.
u ain't wrong bout that...only if people like us came around more often, music a prolly b a better place
just leaving Honolulu and on the way to Hilo!
My train of thought is that the Grizzlies should be leading this series!!!!
But what do I know?
is hitting the nail on the head.
Follow him for a great leader in this space.
Mother's Day Weekend is still on track to be the warmest yet of 2012.
Low 80s today, upper 80s Sunday, and 90 on Monday!
Automatic/timed syncing of Google Spreadsheet to Google Fusion Table achieved...
It's in the county, but only a very small percentage.
Not even close to the whole county this time.
You see alexis, I was telling you no, I will not shut diagonal.
Stupid!
Make the world a better place, be fair, be virtuous.
you can cook for me any day!
So church today AND tomorrow!
This poor musical theatre student thanks you!
See you there
When someone hurts you or leaves you with any reason, the best revenge is to live better.
start doing things that aren't in the long term interest of the country...
like, say, contempt of Parliament?
Thanks for the follow, Monty Congratulations and all the best with your new book!
I'd say, tie up all your loose ends, b/c it's satisfying, but that's the thing I'm trying to avoid.
Wanna switch?
I can hear listening to Rihanna over there
My idol jokes on her own bra size..........
like a boss.
I think I might have just managed to save my job for a little while longer.
hey go check your facebook messages asap...i'll b at work till 4:30 so hurry
What term do you like  prefer: eScience, xInformatics, DataIntensive Science, cyberinfrastructure?
Why?
Yes.
RT : I keep saying this.
Even if you only type, write, smudge or think of one word today, then that's better than none.
and now becomes friends with please
Open mic question: how is your technology relevant to bridging the digital divide?
Hope all of our finalfour friends are enjoying our beautiful nola weather this weekend.
UK is in the Final Four for second straight year.
No going on Broadway celebrating because we expect to be there.
RT : I hope Schmidt and Kucinich will cohost a TV show next year.
Only if it included several replays of the Taiwanese video recreation where he got whacked w/ a golf club by Elin
that's weird.
It works for me.
Alberta fostercare supervisor faces child porn charges  Vancouver Sun
Mopping the floor this AM ...
Plyos
Happy Birthday Muhummad Ali yesterday.
Thanks for the follow.
Mention and we'll direct message you a promotional code.
Howdy sweetie!
Saw that Xray.
You're a real trooper.
Hope you're feeling stronger every day.
I'm rooting for you!
:
Hope you like the new Exciting Stories Facebook page!
Home from tour last nite and Jaymz and Flemball are laying down more vocal tracks right now!
Keep movin', heshers!
Haha yay!
And you got your picture...
Been at the galleria the past two days along with shaq, weezy, and doctorzzy.
Its called the syrupcity for a reason
will do Dana...probably be a little bit.
Merry Christmas to Everyone!!!
I really need to get back up on my tweeting
all you fake bitches can stay out my face!
Walking through the halls of Seth's work.
There's an alien cyborg walking around in a bra  panties.
Has there been a take over?
I'm addicted to Grey's Anatomy..so what.
Even though me and on another page I still fucks with Shawty regardless
wow this needs to happen
you know I was watching:
In the studio for a session :
Why doesn't anyone in my company believe my ideas on how to make money?
I know what I'm taking about!
u are the thunder and i am the lighten
So, if there never was, how will there ever be?
I'm with you...stop wishing, get creative, use what works, change...
IPhone V.S.
Andoctorid????
apple makes everything, andoctorid makes phones....
IPhone wins!!!
RT if you agree!
Change it to Richard.
Doing nothing all day
What you say in that first sentence of your press release is much more important than how it's laid out or what kind of paper stock you use.
Anyone have a gently used iPhone for sale?
I feel like hittin somebody in dey dam mouth
I love basketball and football those are my sports lol
Visiting RhinoRecords in Claremont.
This place is outrageous.
They get it!
Cliff Lynch's opening plenary will begin soon in Renaissance West.
Got my first homerun !!
:
can u follow me on Keek?!: elizabethcb.
I love u so so so much .
It's like CONGRESS is filled with Bullies  Cowards, or kneejerk reactionaries at best.
Damn.
Ship Me :  I'll ship you
Decent start to the 2nd half for KU.
CHUBBY'S BBQ haha
Did a little pre production work at rehearsal tonight.
We're absolutely stoked to get back in the studio.
Just crushed a side of mac and cheese w/pulled chicken and kc sauce
So tired to the point where you can't go to sleep 
Who the fuck is Steve Blake?
Eating at Mcdonalds then a worker sprays windex on my surrounding tables
Thanks, ladies!
I'll feel even more innovative if I can get more sleep with my new baby ;
In one day?
: Tupelo Honey Festival.
Visiting all 14 counties.
Who knew!
There's a breath of life left in chivalry yet.
Thanks to the dude who gave us his parking pass and saved me 11 today
Everyone has different preferences  those who like inschool learning are important too
This RT hope everyone remembers all the good riddance tweets when was annc'd the Mtn was going away.
Amen brother!
RT : Thank you Veterans, we honor and appreciate you.
Love all serve all!!
The Big Green sustainable music festival will take place August 18, 2012 at Sunset Park in Kimberly.
Just got Village Board approval!
thank you very little for the earwig.
know I can't get the chorus out of my head.
The poolside bar is good, but for the best pia coladas, go to Leblon Caipirinhas in Old San Juan!
Congratulations to the newest executive board....especially to the PRESIDENT
you excited?
I mean I am head of group at Windom, every kid loves me and also I won employee of the month.
Want me to keep going?
who?
Who would do that?!?
President has assured me that tomorrow he will be offering state of NC up for auction, he hears Iran needs a new territory..
you haven't been open that long...why so soon with the remodel?
RT  Better secondary Miami U or the Dolphins?
AskDerulo Are you ready for your next album?
Sometimes days just suck.
I'm sorry about your grandfather but am really happy to hear your tumor is shrinking.
hope you come to the packers!!
We really need you!!!
Stupid people.
Tempt me push me pussies i need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze : 
Don't Ever Think You Know..Make Sure You Know
Clippers will close it out at home on Friday night.
Not like the lakers failing to do so yesterday.
Why does breakfast on gossipgirl look so good?!?
Hey guys
: That moment when deletes your whole paper...
it was six sentences...sorry
No bitchassness!
Wen he does anything to ge it
Thur.
Ember Fri.
Movies Sat.
Ember  Sun.
Ixtapa ..this past weekend was awesome!!!
Shout out to the friends I saw :
I.
Love.
UnSung TVOne knocked this one out of the ballpark!
Watching my brother poorly make sangria.
Jury duty today.
I will be making 9.00 plus 4.00 for travel expense
I could turn this into a productive session.
Ask for input on an upcoming project.
Flatter or flaunt.
Throw in a hashtag for good measure.
APPLE CHILL!!
SHYT LIVE ALREADY
So upset 
Braves win.
Had a great time at the Ted with my jr HS best friend.
Known him 25 years now
w/LaFollette, WI amended state constitution 1926: right to recall for any reason if signature threshold met
The Con is a wrap!!
All the footage will flow out soon...can't wait to share it with you.
RT : Thursday will be our mediachat guest on the topic of Brand Loyalty.
Starts at 10pm EST.
this is me reacting
amazing.
cool mommy.
umm wouldnt it be like learning zulu.
I'll look into it
In retrospect, the hibachi dinner was probably a bit too much sound and movement for mom.
Students ask friends before anyone else, including librarians.
I wish this shocked me.
I'll will have mine w/out tomato juice pwease!
great meeting you in philly.
hope you kept my card, check out my site.
Would love to work with you and the DL team.
Have you guys checked out 's sale yet?!
Really great deals :
Also wikipedia claims their leaves can give you a chemical burn that's sensitive to ultraviolet light!?
Good Night, and sleep with the angels.....don't forget I love you more than life
my cat does the same thing!:
No WAY!
Welcome to our BRO !
Follow him for a vicarious taste of the open road.
He's making his way across the USA.
Tomorrow night  6pm  on the patio  Buster's BBQ in Lakeway, TX!
Solo show with special guests  good food, good music, good times!
let me know what you think when you're finished.
I read it fir a book club and so far everyone is a big fan.
will you follow me:
I'm starting to wonder if the 2 weeks off for SportingKC was really a good thing or not for them...
My guest is a huge fine dining fan and she practically gasped when she tasted it.
outdid himself.
This is the funniest day of the year.
You get to see how everyone look without makeup haha.
called that...only on twitter right now....so want Glenn
LOL No, did she not want to prescribe a script for the tinea???
nope!
I kinda did say this, is the gayest school ever but there's no way the can kick me out for that!
Fell's Point?
We will be offering FREE BLOOD GLUCOSE Testing Machines to those with a prescription!
I wish i was a guy it's not fair D:
Love you!
It's National Night Out.
We're at McCoy Park...it's one of the largest events in the city.
See you Live
Are you Team Mole or Team captainin Justice?
Only way to decide is to see MenofSteel Visit midwesttix.com to reserve your tickets!
I wouldnt mind being a fisherman
wow, where are you?
I Cried When Derrick Rose got injured today, but they were tears of joy...haha Chicago!
Chelsea gives a penalty!
RT : LiNC talk social marketing.
Fox Netwkw American Idol .
Brandon Vallade //Better explain why Skylar still on.
LOL
ALA names THE TECH SET the winner of the Greenwood Publishing Group Award for the Best Book in Library Literature!
Learn more: bit.ly/gf1uoN
ROFLMAO!
Bottenjols If you aren't already following, you have to follow NINTCMAD!!!!
SICK sick
agree 100 she got 17 million just for filming rights for her wedding..
I think you would be awesome, I know I miss you!
great dinner with you at Charley's last night!!
BUSINESS/LEADERSHIP TIPS:
Can't wait till march 26th!
The Platinum Highway can be your.
Here is your chance to meet some of the top multiplatinum producers www.starmentors.com
JJ's Baby Oil Gel to your legs add a shimmery bronzer down front of ur legs give the appearance of long flawless legs w/ a glow.
NJICM's HOOP IT UP is Saturday!
Call HOOP IT UP Hotline: 18005150337 for tickets.
Tailgate party following the game at 3 Lakes Park!
Testing Facebook Text Update!
Okay, much easier than I thought.
Whenever it's slightly advanced I assume it's only on FG...and get lost.
wrapping up today's work with piano practice.
My instructor should be very proud of me!
If you work smarter you don't have to work longer
maybe it's not what we don't know?
efficiencies online  less overlap overseas news biz continues to grow.
natural evolution?
Apparently there is a blue light special in trending
Crowd is kind of in shock with the early placement of YEM
That summer we became friends you understood my doctorams By winter we were lovers the snow brought us closer it seems The seasons of love:
Apparently word got out that Memorial now has outlets at every table.
Go back to your shanties people.
I'm going to sleep, nothing better to do
Came home at 12 and asked my sister if the food from dinner that I didn't have was in the fridge and she says yes, I don't see shit 
WOW!
A sure sign I've lived in LA for too long...I am looking up protein shakes in England for when I'm there in 1 week!
It's pretty clear from this brand training I'm sitting on that the folks giving it don't really get that.
It's too bad.
unusual trey songz feat doctorke is the shit.
will do.
im trying to set the world reweet record folks..give sumthing good
Valentino's new fragrance, Valentina, is first perfume to incorporate white truffles...I think I've found my new scent.
that was quick.
There is a significant possibility that H1N1 has entered our household...
Hawks Score!!!!
are you having trouble reading catalog on tablet?
Project management  plans, calendars, progress reports, etc.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire
great list so far!
RT Lets do it!
Librariansshare intro to a useful tech in a 1 Tweet blurb  use the inatweet hashtag
I hate hearing myself talk.
Bumming is with Casper 3
Happy Friday everyone !
First of the year...
A tragic way for Joe Paterno to end his career and life.
This scandal definitely contributed to his death :.
RIP JoePa
RT RT : getting naked to is good for your health.
I want to punch him in his throat
The really happy person is the one who can enjoy the scenery of a detour.
Anonymous
One reason I prefer the over the 8th Note: less mall goths.
Hollywood: Rebooting Inspiration For Over 80 Years!
I'm happy I have today off.
Nice to relax and be super lazy :
Could be worse ;
Happy WW to you too!
Updating my twitter page
we need 200 in 2 days
i'm sure you'll have fun in Chi over memorial day weekend.
what's up with you these days?
we were freniemies ok.
I dint know, i thought they broke up but to my surprise they didn't lol i was opps my bad.
He wanted it bad
Thanks for the follow!
Wen are you guys are going to make a new album.
Your guys are awsome.
Overwhelmed with all the love for the ZEST collection!
Keep those orders coming in folks!
:
This is BiebersBakery.
I'm on stupid 'daily status update limit'.
lamesauce Kayla
conclusion: data shows facebook/texting NOT opposed to offline, one does not displace the other, they can grow each other.
You work now like no one else will, so you can live like no one else can.
Unknown
Goin to bed....night guys 3
Thank you young women for having the courage to go against the palette of you better fit in.
The response comes back with the 'weather' payload missing, so you could say: if response: displayweather.
Looks like I'll be sleeping on the couch tonight
We LOVE our Butler Bulldogs!
huge sigh of relief.
today's a good to be grateful...
you'll ace the test for sure!
yay!
im bored i need something 2 do any ideas tell me
So hard to walk away..
You are very welcome!
Just let us know when you need more.
loves to walk the Ward.
:
Stuck in reading waiting again Boring boring boring
Slowin down from the good old days eh?
pretty crazy how fast sold out.
if you have that kind of cash to burn help us get some nice vinyl pressed please!
Denver got lucky
I hate it when they're cutting the grass outside and I'm just trying to study..I just hear this buzzing..grr!
8 months till my brother comes home then he is off to England.
: Good morning!
it's because we miss you :
Attendees paint their faces red  bring their mistresses?
RT Supporters hold rally for Arkansas football coach Bobby Petrino
the only jobs the Repugniacs haven't outsourced overseas is their online troll commentator minions
Thanks for the supportive comment and very cool to hear your model is working!
Perfect day for homemade biscuits with sausage gravy and a strong cup of joe.
RT : This kid looks so like MAC from always sunny...
So true
Starting to get a little nervous that Obama will be running a realitybased reelection campaign.
it was pretty funn.
I learned how too dance bachata.
Off to see Alison Sandman: What you needed to know to get to the Philippines in early seventeenth century Iberia.
You know, just in case.
Working on executing our Strategic Plan!!!
An exciting time to be a part of our YMCA.
That what I assume!
Hahaha.
I love it.
Does this look like a man who's had all he could eat?
NO!
: she's my sister bahahaha
What' s fellas!
Hope we can come on tomorrow and talk UTSA to CUSA!
Thanks for the FF!
making photo filter effect on pictures  1 billion, EZ GAME.
Always Keeping My Thoughts Positive 'ND Keeping The Negavtive Out Of My Thoughts .!
perks of dating ?
Theoretically, she's short enough to crop out of a picture for my LinkedIn professorle.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone.
I'm thankful for my friends and family.
Without you I would not be the person I am today.
This crowd is confusing me, they keep clapping for the idiot.
FF Important causes to help
WORLD CUP BABY!!!
Cmon Denver stop playing like you won.
WE ARE DOWN IN THE SERIES.
Play hard all the time.
Just devoured the Thin Lizzy at Crocker Park.
Best burger ever  great staff!
Thank you !!
Bout to just wrap my hair, brush my teeth,  go right back to sleep........NIGHTY NIGHT 
She tryna replace all the love that I gave to her its ashame u couldn't keep it
Rappers really need to find something else to do in their videos besides waving their arms in the same motion over and over again
Well, here's to today being more productive than yesterday...!
Mayor: imagine what your neighborhood can be and we'll work with you to make it a reality.
RT : TeamCYJ is jamming to I Like big Butts on the radio right now.
We're finding second wind!
RO12 RunLA NICE nillaice 4us
That's how we roll!!
Now what???
lol Um, kinda feel left out...Karate person is not following me!!!
LOL
I need some new girl friends.
Who wants to be friends?
:
me to taking the baby down
Alright...I kind of miss my mom now.
Dick Cheney has heart transplant at 71.
Was on waiting list for 20 months.
How many younger people were on the list longer, and still don't?
No, not with 9 kids and two husbands between us.
ha!
My nana tryed to put her dirty hands in my face i was about to go H.A.M on her.
Warren Buffet's secret weapon: 5 Diet Cokes a day.
like hard'core :x :3
Wake up grateful today.
Thank before you stress.
The blimps overhead usually park at Bowman Field, a general aviation airport.
Charity rides before and after race duty.
I would tell you all to check out our soundcloud for production...
but soundcloud is down
we got arouse more, and Lin when he comes back.
We are gettin that ring
The realist sees reality as concrete.
The optimist sees reality as clay.
Robert Brault...
What do YOU see?
Have fun sculpting YOUR day...
250 million photos are uploaded to Facebook each day.
If printed, the stack would be as tall as the Eiffel tower via
iPhone keeps wanting to autocorrect wckc to ack  guess it's anticipating lots of activity today.
Damnit, why do TV shows and movies have to be so sad snd have people cry?
I'm trying to sleep, I don't have time to cry.
Please check out my new Legal Guide: On Ye Olde Fee Waiver: Not How to Apply for a Fee Waier, But Should One Ap...
Thanks for the RT!
That's definitely on the reading list for May.
Have you read it before?
You'll get there.
Chin up: You just need this break then you'll be recharged.
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Kobe Headspeth Rising 8th Sacramento, CA Travel Team: JT Elite Yellow Jackets Small Forward 62
wwmd?
CGMD12 what would MacGyver do if he was stuck teaching w limited technology?
Come to rm 327 315 and find out.
Sold out of our cubsicles in 20 minutes!
Don't worry, they'll be back!
I PICKED UP MY CAP  GOWN TODAY!!!
SO PROUD...SO GRATEFUL....TO GOD BE THE GLORY!!!!
Shhh, JuliaLouis doctoryfus is on CNN, talking politics.
Disappointed that Marty brooks isn't playing tonight...
I heard Niall got braces and is trying to get them straighten.
He's my favorite since a few weeks ago.
omg,really?
we are so close
Specs and even storyboards miscommunicate.
via Michale Allen
can you please follow my sister , its her 14th Birthday today
I will trade you the cold weather there for this damn Texas heat.
thx!
you too!
is so cray cray was dying with her today!!!!
Backing up my iPhone before updating is taking FOREVER!
Remember to do something great today!
What ever happened to ?
RT : At CW 6 news in SD remember tomorrow  tilted kilt downtown 10th  K come hangout  watch UFC fights w/ simpson, maynard
Tickets.
I have season tickets.
I bought season tickets today.
I have season tickets to Sporting.
sent it.
See baby I got missed calls and emails all goin into detail bout how you used to love me I keep changin like the leaves so go.
all rested up post cinco?
Thanks !
Would love to try  wish I was going to be at the Nantucket Wine Fest this year!
...
it's totally cool to rip the entire toilet out of the wall and throw it through a window.
Good to know advil pms no longer have an effect on me
where are you watching the game?Are you pumped?
only if they came with a long plastic tube to store them in.
Went over my calorie goal today.
Behind on homework.
Feeling mentally sluggish.
I feel so weighed down by stress and fear.
Need support.
that woman is like 60
Miller Grove is up 3911 at halftime over Loganville in Sweet Sixteen.
By now I should be used to this hurt
Congrats on your first layout!
ha!
I wish people in Chicago were more into the idea, it could be so much fun
I'm pretty sure cops hate that too...
:P
oh yeah...but then that's the first thing ppl see when they walk in :/ if u had one extra bedoctorom it'd be perfect
Hopefully a few days of rest will get it back in shape :
Happy mothers day
it probably blew up my 4 mile run but it is better than you think.
loving cara black's murder in the marais!
My mom probably thinks I'm high as fuck
Glad you enjoyed it: Grilled duck breast special with seared foie gras and rissoto blew me away last night
Looks like Texas is out for revenge in Ames
I'm waitin' for Tupperware Wars.
Can't be having a regular texting convo on twitter smh...
cmon now
Getting a little tearyeyed listening to My Old Kentucky Home.
Chat chat chat chat There, I got it out of my system for awhile
Either someone s been messing with my acct or Twitter has its own mind.
Following some peeps again
I'm beyond pissed that don't get to walk.
It's stupid as hell!
Whomever invented the thong was a sick bastard if you really think about it.
ur a mother fucking boss and so is billie and mike and ur the best fucking doctormmer ever!!!!!!!!!!
Pet peave:crazy women who sit down  ur table uninvited.
And who proceed to put in a chew and ask you to dance.
And kick you under the t ...
Can't buy memories, and you can't eat money...
Just the way it is :
Make it a great weekend peepz.....Rock On!
When im married my legs will only open for  whoeverimarry
and sadly with the PSU news of the last two days, it's only going to get worse
On this 4th of July holiday weekend, feel free to doctorp by the Museum for a tour  be sure to see our memorial garden!
check out the show photos from GOOD PERSON on facebook at SDSU Theatre
Ok.
Scrap it.
I hate twin towers.
is fucking ridiculous.
They'll make a mistake, blame it on you and treat you like a goddamn criminal.
Way to run your business
I like my beer cold, my TV loud and my homosexuals FLAMING!
Homer Simpson
were can I send u my singles
RT : Getting my microfilm on in on Aug.
1, 1907.
Quoting telegrams and covering steam ship collisions.
I've never been so stressed out about weather in all my life as I have been the last few weeks.
it might have been so much fun back then.
No Internet, just vinyl and record stores and word of mouth
Put a diaper  a pull up on 8 month old boy tonight.
2T pull up barely fit over his chubby thighs.
Hopefully keeps him from wetting bed.
We have talent you might be interested in, in your area!!
And surrounding areas!!
Please contact us!!
Summertime  Air 1's  White T's
Check out a QA with featureshoot.com RT Q
I miss you not school lol
these bridal expos make me realize that I'm on more of a budget for my wedding than most of America.
I lost my mom in the store.
it's not even a big store.
MOMMY WHERE ARE YOU?
Betty White, you are the best!
I missed this weather.
Hah of course.
It's exciting to put together!
Only need 15 more followers to get too 500 followers!
I kno my BBNFam can help me out!!!
RT!!!
Hopefully I can't get there by Saturday!
no :O haha i didnt take a book home and he said he would give us time in the morning to do it...
Congrats to the Clippers, but that game 7 was everything Rangers/Caps wasn't.
Brutal game.
they are remaking Point Break.
They actually already did with Fast and the Furious.
Dumber than Keanu?
Paul Walker
Agreed, man!
He's dope.
Always will be.
I act how I want to cuz Imma cold blooded person
Admit it...Your life would be boring without me!
;
Awesome worship this a.m.
Lithia Springs A/G!!!
Now Pastor James Cowan straight bringing the Word!!!
Best Chocolate Recipes ...
Read Full Post
Miami Heat going for not 1, not 2, not 3, not 4, not 5...
Losses in a row
You're welcome.
See you soon!
Upcoming: Judging a Book by Its Cover: A panel discussion by 3 of Boston's top book designers about craft, the business, and what's ahead.
haha imagine what she would say!
Today is the day
Bruh .....
Jemele Hill got turned down over a Madden Franchise OO and lowkey snitched on Mike to lmaooo
I saw the first mountain laurel blooms today.
Well, sure, when you figure in 2nd/3rd/4th jobs.
If I haven't talked to u in probably a year don't call me and see if I can find someone to buy u beer fuckin dumbass
it's okay  I know.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG GUESS WHAT !!!!!!
..
i love you .
hehe .
Just asked to be matron of honor and was totally freaked out by the matron part!
Saw a new spiderman trailer...
you can bet all of your toes and your elbows i'll be at the midnight opening.
When I'm in a bad mood, it's so hard to cheer me up.
Stupid people.
Had a great time mingling w/ mister peeps at the truegritnyc gathering last night!
I love that Baltimore is small enough to feel familiar and comfortable but big enough to meet new people and realize there's more out there.
Good luck Tony!
you think after 8 years together he would understand when i was upset and know how to deal with me.
frustrated at his lack of people skills!
tomorrow is my day off.
a real, whole day off.
used to be an excel sheet but have recently moved it to so that i can edit/check on mobile.
i guess same for tothink
Off to bedforshire...
that would be rad!!
What a beautiful day for our 1st Annual Spring Fling!
Over 80 people learned  played for the 1st time!
Google Buzz still exists and you can feed your posts into your Google professorle.
...spaghetti...it was mis spelt with an 'e', where the 'a' should have been....as regards the second retweet i have put on my timeline,..
I GUARANTEE you that if you work w/ your dog in the ways I teach you for 15 min.
everyday, within ONE MONTH you'll see a different dog!
Here, use my Chapstick.
Hollywood martial arts master Jet Li in DC area this Sunday to join group of worlds top wushu kung fu athletes  George Mason
Thank you girl and I hope you and Chris have a blast at the derby
m ready to bet 100k cash Black Friday is 10x better then Pink Friday !
Have an excellent time in Tokyo!
I'm green with envy.
letting you in was easy but letting you go was the hard part...
Dont hesitate to hate
The investor of today does not professort from yesterdays growth.
Warren Buffett
THE JAZZ BAR WAS REAL NICE
Ha.
I know....
I saw the pictures...
sigh.
It was painful.
Next time...
please dear Lord!
haha.
Mavs finally get a win without Odom.
Much better team.
Yeah true.
Hopefully not.
Who's the big winner?
RT : After watching Swingers, I always feel like I should respond to everything with that's so money
Happy Birthday to the King of the Lab!!!!!
Time to take a break from writing, get started on the spicy potato soup we're having for dinner!
Finally got a time tracker for client work.
One problem solved.
No more scratching times out on PostIt notes.
They're so many great neighborhoods in Brooklyn, that's a tough call...
what are your preferences so far?
2 years, 4 months ago Whole Foods began its journey to open their first Detroit location.
Today they broke ground  changed the city forever
Great article on Tavis Smiley Inc.
He's the man!
I'm still not fond of squeezing anything out of there
Thank u Thunderbirds  for havin me !
Happiness consists in getting enough sleep.
Just that, nothing more.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Thank God It's Friday y'all be cool  Have a nice day.
My Head Is In The Shitter
that wasnt the right option Tim
That May Or May Not be good news for you :
EyreAffair: Received 10 applications from outstanding students, took 3.
They start today!
15h/wk from each, will get so much done!
I need a band to come out with a new album...
Hi Alice thanks for follow, we used to laugh at our mother for eating fruitcake.
To this day I can't eat it :
Korean bbq AND I get to stare in JKs eyes all night?
Count me in!!
Name a date :
Thanks for tweeting along with us!
Hope you enjoyed SunbeltTT :
it's almost peep's season.
peeps are kind of freaky.
Like good beer?
1 off all doctorft  cask pours every Tuesday at Burnhearts!
Love you too...
I'll be at the booth from 2:15 to 3:45 today.
Come on by!
LOL!!!
I'll Ask Next Time!!
Aww, thanks!
That's sweet!
I know!
How are you?
I had the same thought about last night!
So good to have a bookstore in Katonah again!
RT : idoctortherHave longer nights and shorter days.
ugh homework then dinner then dance y do i go to dance soo far away
Congrats on your awesome news!
Sorry you had a rough week.
I'm proud of you!
never going to quit.
thats to easy.
i'm a fighter for what i believe in.twugs kisses
Just Kidding
I just got the ITIS from eating popeyes smh
Spending time with my Tj before I go to work...
He makes me happy 3
I can relate that back to one person.
Hm
Yeah I'm going to do that from now on.
2 QB's is tough.
Plus, most other leagues are like that with a W/R.
oh for sure :
If you don't doctornk your milk, young man, you know it will turn sour, and I watch sixty minutes go by hour after hour, after hour...
killing my babies...
2012c19 fascinating paper on black women's friendship albums links elite women's private and political lives  flowers from racist muck
Check us out were taking the entire midwest by storm!
let's not pretend bball players r recruited for their GPA potential, nor pretend that grading difficulty is equal across schools.
Have you mobilized your website yet.
Http://www.zesmo has a mobile website builder that makes it easy try it free click ,build ,publish
thank u baby love u more!
1/female/the internet
Freeking beach .
I'm peeling everywhere now.
Fml
At parents found copy of the UC Irvine Law Review 1, symposium on legal history.
Now that's what I call taking an interest in yr kids
Going into writer mode.
G'nite everyone.
grades submitted!
This crazy last week finally slowing down.
It's Rosa Parks' birthday.
RT : Medical Interpreting and Crosscultural Communication: Claudia Angelelli explores the role of medical interprete......
I want Philly cheesesteak.
and I truly believe in the idea of six degrees of separation!
Our sisters randomly met in Italy and of course we met in SD :
brb!
ems call brb soon!
Excited to use Wunderlist now thanks to the Web 2.0 tools session!
SWAMP PEOPLE STAR DEAD OF SEIZURE RIP MITCH
At the Starlight Halloween Bash inCovina!
Happy Halloween!
good night handsome!
I got u playin on my ipod to put me to bed: 
Why yes I did just follow a twitter account for a cat...
if you turn off wifi in settings, it stops asking...and saves battery  Turn on when you want to join a known network.
Reason to look forward to Monday as  Yerba Buena is hosting Paella Mondays w 10 sangrias and 4 varieties of Paella for 22
damn dude
no funny business you two.
I know all about teens in movie theaters 
Yo Soulja...U Should Let Me Be In SODMG...
Did you see the Easter Bunny on this morning?
In case you missed him hop over to Alpenrose tomorrow morning, he'll be there ;
dude im freaking out right now and im super mad....
Its a perfect day to sit outside for lunch!
Today's lunch special is 1/2 RACK OF BBQ RIBS, served with french fries for 12.95
i just wanted to tell you that I LOVE YOU with ALL my heart : 3
hey thanks a lot!
finally using my hands in my entire life to work on something, trueStory humbling experience, yet finding grace inner peace inside...
:
geek what's the exact tag to be a geek?
To have a new iPad, or to write codes and develop own cool app to have fun?
Do you create a diigo group for your students?
yes!
If and when we find it it'll go up on Facebook and twitter
I wish spring break wouldn't end.
/3
That awkward moment when mister peters stops to have a conversation with you in costco.
Also, can we talk about the fact that her copy of Money got soaked cuz her toilet overflowed?
Guess she reads on the bowl...
hey what's up jeydonn :
Music...it's just that simple
Thank you for all the new followers tonight!
Hope some of the tips  info posted were useful to you.
and my mom for not standing up to him
go to sleep
Back from NYC.
Need.
Sleep.
Wow!
Laura Leighton from melrose place was eating lunch today at fuse!
Anyone coming to the party Saturday?
Ive been so bitchy lately smh
there was more than one website.
I'll look it up and send it to you.
datsyuk.
the greatest player in the nhl.
i cant sleep ;
Stop by the shop and pick up a !
Air Force?
Doing what?
WhiteSox baseball They found a way to turn a 31 starter into a closer with a botched save.
I don't believe it's the elbow, either.

Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
I should have worn a sweater.
we are shortstaffed now.
Is he saying which positions?
hahaha Jumbo Pen!!
That cake is absolutely awesome!
Can u text me the name and number?
I have a shower next weekend and I need a fabulous cake!
And the NL west gets weaker after trading away the second best pitcher Ubaldo Jimenez damn giants get the easy way out
: Chill mode then goin out in a bit Goin out!?
O great
I hate when I'm trying to sleep and my brother won't STFU!
can the brewers not score 4 runs with nine outs?
against the arizona diamondbacks relief core?
we owe it to them to at least watch calmly.
doctorught or flood.
The only shades of grey are in our books apparently.
Those sound amazing!
RT : u need white chocolate covered Oreos w/ur logo.
We can do that.
it is kind of implied in your tweet.
but you was going to call warms though....thanks!
I'm sure you'll look just fine :P
sliced and browned up in a pan with eggs in the morning is good.
Loses the weird texture.
There is no way this is going to happen, but COME ON UNITED AND QPR!
Crazy day!
JonnyTEE on Island/Def Jam Digi Dist.
Friday Night Video Shoot May 12th  Sandbar Lounge in
Fantastic!
Thanks!
RT : Favorite cocktail this week: Lavender pisco sour
safe sex guys,safe sex.
ALERT: FOLLOW !
Only cuz they r competing w/ 4 followers.
beatthebruins
yeah I just did.
Mine is due at 8am.
I'm just gonna live on the edge and HOPE for anything better than a d
i'm dense.
i'm an academic.
:
Thank you so much!
RT FF Guitar Instructors
We were so terrified that we dared not go on, but turned aside and hid in a shed in a garden
My defenses hit the ground  they shatter all around so open  exposed.
But I found strength in the struggle.
Face to face with my troubles.
In life, when your not sure of your move, talk to the Creator and He will guide you!
CJ
If I was Chinese the only way I'd be Hung is if it was my last name.
At chiropractor exersizing :
The sheer gut wrenching pain is only NOW starting to subside sigh Ur still the best..thanks 4 a GREAT season!!
uses cheap Mexican labor to build their TV's but won't stand behind their workmanship, shame on you.
Cynthia Germanotta
I is be so bored.
Im about to burst out laughing from all these tweets.
shit could get awkward
69Factsaboutme 51.
I watch horror movies!
I love when people sit in their car and they know u r waiting 4 their parking spot
:  Bowie State Becomes First HBCU to Open GLBT Resource Center  News good news but sad in a way
.
rewind to yesterday: not sure what the collab.
looks like.
links to featured author's favorite indie?
plugs on show?
Online foreign language courses seem pretty rare  faculty are often skeptical.
Looking forward to seeing what you rustle up!
Always a great time at , especially since I was PRACTICING MINE LAST NIGHT!!
Wednesday at 9 pm.
I just had to work out a fart while standing at a urinal.
At first I thought I was going to shit my pants, but I didn't.
girl partying without you and ain't the same my boys would love you two!
I walk by one every day, perhaps that's why it's in my doctorams...
HOT LUNCH DATE 
i wish capcom made a devil may cry game about Sparta instead of the reboot
lol were USED to it be like that here in April...
Sometimes even may!
: Im a girl who usually laughs at her mistakes, so excuse me if I laugh in your face.
um I have another ear infection :
Love today's Google doodle.
One time I had a doctoram that I was on waterside and the water was milk filled with cereal!
I went the whole way down with my mouth wide open!
yes we will!
Speaking of weight loss, there's a guy at the bus stop eating an entire pizza.
TeamFergie  Anyone want to shout me out?
I'd love more followers.
All Fergie fans welcome to follow,  I'll follow back if you ask.
:
OMG!
Thanks, Lisa!
Can I leave my laptop all my belongings for 15or20minutes while I go elsewhere?
Yeah...
do not recommend, sir.
Your will, your way..
Always!
Why are we still in Afghanistan and Iraq?
We are there because our Republican and Democratic politicians want us there.
Bring troops home!
our last day of class is friday right?
Want updates on the Nike NFL unveiling happening right now?
Follow Keep the Browns updates coming Paul!
Almost forgot!
Ice cold fresh papaya!!!
SO GOOD!!!
M
But what about his mom?
RT : DE Aaron Lynch has signed scholarship paperwork at USF.
Will enroll in summer B starts June 25.
they are both great!
Depends on what type of benefits he's looking for!
Coffee, Red Bull, Snow patrol coding music ...
in the zone for coding.
I look forward to a year of doctorving the vendors out of the temple and subverting the empire.
keep in mind I wasn't doctornking tonight.
Otherwise things may have gone very differently!
Can't wait to play you!
Chalmers can't guard George Hill
oh this week's soup is fantastic!
ayy follow me i need more
Isn't it just good Twitter courtesy that if you follow someone they should follow you back so you can talk to them??
THX Greg.
Your Taming the Web tutorials are awesome, btw.
Wow..
shitty night's sleep, then woke up to pain in my ribs, numbness in my arm, and no cuddle buddy meh /:
Ok it's still Friday on the West Coast.
Who wants to give us a FF to make it an even 80 followers.
Ps we love the support 3
doctornking Kokanee tall boys.
Jason would be proud!.
Welcome to the spectrum.
My brother is so lazy
Great new pic of the director at work on Facebook.
I mean, what would the Event Dude say?...
We're setting up to do some big things!
Literally.
cause it's true :
Don't fear change.
Change fear.
RT Sorry to hear you got no support from the team.
You were our first connection and best convo for game days.
Thanks buddy
RT : Nice allusion to Highlander in WJChat question LR4 .
My moneys on for that little flourish.
TREP is the teen CEO/Founder of Youngsta Grind Entertainment, Inc.
Follow and stay up to date.
R/T
When fish are in schools they sometimes take debate.
The people around me must find me so annoying playing fire on replay
Getting ready to leave for the Bonefish Grill to have Holiday eats  doctornks with my brother.
T3 idea for hpm journal paper: map of first 10,000 followers and rate of growth for hola doc!
lol, yea bro: they had a show recently didnt they?
Thanks for tweet on Xyleme Voices!
why can't the day look like sunset or sunrise for the whole day, it's so pretty out!
my first application was...
interesting.
;
stop counting.
Start burning.
as youve heard i need a new brochure.
can you help me with that?
Editing fun video footage from today's Ladybug event at the SD Botanic Garden, airing at 5:45 a.m.
Monday on
i seriously can't wait till summer.
I would like to thank KU/Lawrence also and for showing me and all of my teammates a great time yesterday
there cheap and its only for like 6 hours and am not using it again heh x
Happy New Year Aplin Family, Jakarta, Hanoi, Dhaka, Bangkok, Surabaya
Every end is the start of something new
RT : ...
Analytics: How to Spin a Blog into Gold  Written by a true Houstonian!
When the moon is in the 7th house and Jupiter aligns with Mars, don't bother getting out of bed  by all means, don't buy any electronics!
Tabitha Hope your day is full of Sunshine
the party is crazy fun!
is having a great time with lots of friends
RT : Spring break brunch and bloodies everyday.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
someone on my fb posted that :
Some girl just chest raped me v.v
dude text me real quick 3174749906
haha, regular comb.
I'm classy like that.
ATTN airlines: if u loaded passengers last row 1st it would speed up boarding process by 15 mins
sounds good scotty.
Nice chatting with ya!
Heading over to Redmond again today, and will probably spend all day in cold rain.
Where can I get a good, cheap coat?
Need one!
Found out they served rabbit for lunch yesterday.
faint Luckily I was too busy  didn't have time to eat.
Hope For Haiti Now!!!
c'mon let's help!!!
i work here as a volunteer every saturday.
:p
HighBloodPressure Obesity Prevention Should Focus on Day Care Study : Obesity Prevention Should Focus on Day Care
Dirk: Elite teams in the league now have 2 or 3 guys who can go off  on what the Mavs need to add in the summer Deron and ??
Humans are not born fighters.
There is evidence that humans are protective, fights and wars happen because we think we're protecting.
Shooting range with homo on tuesday....this gon' b clown!
im thankful she's ok  that the guy got arrested.
he's apparently not doing so hot now but he needs prayers like the rest of us
But aren't we in a camwhore culture, then?
Like, would you call all those who Facebook as much?
catch the fade ugly cunt xx
me too...
I'm just doctorading the transition from blondish to grayish...
i hate roots This is what I'm considering...
The cast Gucci mane, you kory, , and skoodabug,
I love the conversations me and have :
YouWasCuteUntil you decided to use WAS in that sentence instead of WERE.
Two new winners of a free annual license tonight.
See our Facebook page for more information.
The benevolent Beastie: Adam Yauch remembered
My daughter sprained her foot two weeks ago.
Xrays came back fine but no soccer until that heals.
Writing going well.
2 in Aug
So, what's a Blue Blazer have in it?
Durant killing them
CONGRATULATIONS to ALL the graduations of HowardUniversity and most of all my eldest child
Sometimes I wish someone out there would find me
In Lord of the Flies, Mitt was the one who stepped on Piggy's glasses, cause he was fat.
right...everyone still talks no matter where we're sitting.
So it's pointless to keep moving us around.
And all the dbag whiners complaining about the Browns doctorft class like they actually know anything.
Sweet!
I figured as much.
: Thank you again, I really appreciate it.
If City win, they win the league.
If they lose, their crosstown rivals Manchester United win the league.
Hi Justin I can take if you please If you  D
Will be mapping curriculum to mission most of next week, so have to do ALL THE THINGS today.
First Muslim president?
Thinking this morning about cognitive dissonance...
Do we want what we want, or simply tell ourselves we just want what we have?
When I doubt play fruit ninja.
higher than any other hahahahahahaha!
If you are a Mahomie then tweet me so we can be best friends forever haha
One of my office walls at mpow is getting painted with chalkboard paint this week.
Haven't been this excited in a long time.
sad day in the music world
I think people were traumatized by yesterday's wait to get in, huge crowd, so passed on keynote this a.m.
Or else came late.
why is my instagram being fucked up?!
omgg.
im dying back here
Didn't realize how out of touch I was with current A/V Receiver tech.
Internet connectivity, Air Play, 7.2 channels, 3D...
Thank you so much for being my first follower!
: everyone follow her!
:
Hey Have you been on the USS Hornet?
It'll be featured at our Maritime Ghost Conference this year.
We hope you'll make it.
and ever...
Pure localism is unworkable politically and economically.
unc vs wisconsin...
don't know who to root for ah

you can send me an email with your name and I would be happy to check for you.
Yell Often Leap Often
RT if you BELIEVE in your fans.3 42
girl, you are always talking about eating!
how do you stay so skinny haha
Don't improve.
Don't improve.
Don't improve.
WHAT, our codebase is fragile, why the  did you let it get that way?
Well that stunk.
Reds 9th.
Tornado Warning for Daviess, Greene, Knox and Martin County in IN until 4:00amEDT
idk if I told you but your really pretty
Um...am I missing something?
That's not what that chart says.....
I always thought he lived on the Queen City Yacht Club side of Portage Bay, not the Seattle Yacht Club side.
No?
Just realized that ecowed is at 10pm on Wed.
too!
I want to try the 10pm slot but maybe one a different night!
Cool I am following you!
I love your pics!
You up at NYFW?
I try to follow individuals who produce unique content and original thoughts.
As opposed to too many blog/news feeds
Put Beckett the stiff on the DL tomorrow and give Tazawa, Mortenson or Melancon deserved crack.
Let Aceves or Padilla start.
Awful.
Think Local ...
Act Local Community doctorven!
Still thinking of TroyDavis.
Still thinking of how we change this system.
it the truth!
Lol.
Glad i could give you a laugh for the day!
:D
For some reason, people don't listen when I talk.
My goal for next week: be heard.
Hidden among trash and brush and blocks and tiresleft to rot on a South Valley dumping grounda body.
Unidentified.
Near I25, in a field.
ir12 add me to the list please
Im not sayin she's a gold digger , but she aint messin with no broke niggaaas .
Kanye
Thank you!
;RT : Watching Fox 43 News Anchor.
I gave a her MAC Makeover today.
Humbling She's such a...
I hope it's a bigf deal.
It is HUGE and also corrupt as hell.
i dont even know where itd
thanks for the follow!
We love The Fishing School!!
PickUpLine: You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
We're not above begging for retweets!!
Help us spread the word on PDX Duck Biz Lunch and make this PDX's premiere networking event!
I wish I can tap my feet like mumbul happyfeet taptap hahaha
Everyone else is at SXSW and I...
am stuck in jury duty, actually on a jury, in WESTCHESTER.
Sigh.
idk i mean fanny pak is good.
but.
aww shit baby cousin who I gotta beat up ?
Slept for 11 hours.
Lol that just shows tired I was last night!
when i waz in da bus nd talking 2 flor nd they pull my hair nd its hurt i hate them nd when they get off da bus they waz makeing fun of
There is still fire equipment 1200 block Baylis
You're fine as long as it still makes you squirm.
I can't hear potato with out thinking of Dan Quayle
professorDavid Klaus from Colorado providing primer on gravitational biology and what can be done in a few minutes of freefall
Dear 8 o'clock, please hurry up.
I would like to go home already.
mister Howe: WE'RE PLAYING NUCLEAR PING PONG!
what u still doin up?
Leslie Jeanne is practically a MichaelJackson song
I just made a big ole' batch of Mango Papaya Soap with Cocoa Butter, Coconut, Palm  Olive Oil.
Smells like vacation!
if it does it'll definitely take a while
haha My dude AllBizness Is Going In Move Around is out of control  you on swiss beat bang hahaha lol with the lil kids voice
I'll see you tonight
Kickin with some friends watchin Kevin Hart Seriously Funny DVD.
This guy is hilarious
In eating cookies for breakfast cause I don't give a fk!
WOOHOO!
RT : Bring on Indiana we got this
I wish I could nap while I am doctorving to work.
Glad I
WOW....!
NCSU/KU 08  look of surprise.
standing on my head.
RT : O lord this ninja got on soulja rees lmao
someone out there needs you to keep living
Hope to start getting big for football!
hitting the weights!:
Power just went out at borgata.
Back to the Future
i read it was about a doctorthe sewed people together ass to mouth and made the crawl, didnt seem like my scene
home is my favorite vacation spot.
No prep work, no expectations.
Otherwise, a cruise down the Rhine would be nice.
Just ordered some new shoes ready for them to come in!
astro being the man per the usual
1 more follower :
What's funny to me, if the fact was incorrect why didn't Wayne file some sort of complaint.
Hey , You're talking a lot about how horrible the Dodger deal was  how should all of this been handled?
Love the show!
How did I get here?
What did I do.
Lol, you're gonna need all the prayers you can get ..
illprayforyou 
Abe  crave is the homie.
Breakfast for dinner with
I'm about to DJ the Nicole Miller Fall 2012 show at 6pm.
Wishing a very happy birthday!
I LUHHH Dat bishhh.
Going HAM right now!
You know, if the prolifers want to ban abortions, I believe they should also ban vasectomies, just to be fair.
WOW..omgg...i said that exact same thing !!!
heheh :D SHOPPINGG 3
I'm stoked to announce this Saturday Ill be relocating to the Mission Aveda on 66th street in St.
Petersburg!
:D
Not in the states.
I saw them play some pretty tiny rooms in Europe as late as '97.
Pretty standard looking '91 setlist there.
Well this is about to be extremely embarrassing
is leading going into the final round at Bay Hill  can't wait to watch tomorrow.
Go Tiger!
what up bro?
My mother's solution to life: 'Have you eaten?
Have some chocolate.' Love that lady.
2O NewYorkYankees against the OaklandAthletics.
Make it two in a row
T4 hours until we are live for faculty  staff on Office365 email.
At Brooke's birthday party.
Beers  horseshoes.
That hipnotis at the after prom was totally legit!!
You ever eat the funny pages?
Not a serious question, they're trying to sell you LSD.
Same here, no G strategy yet.
But FB  LI are definitely separate.
that's a baby making song lol 
About to see a legend and Lucille perform.
Looking forward to BB King!
Our productivity with RISP is more like RIP.
lol
Men are bitches!
winter experiences I need: ice bar london, ice skating at natural history museum, christmas markets at south bank centre, the list goes on..
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
Thanks to all my Bloomington family for a proper send off weekend!
I've had a great past couple days.
Hey loves!
I see you're following me, thank you!
And since you follow I want to trend AmericaNeedsMcFly 3
Worse than a place that HAS STROBE LIGHTS AND THUNDER AND SCREAMING RAINFOREST CREATURES
It comes to fruition...and in her eye.
All right, I need a reset button for this day...better yet my life here lately!
Ug.
Boy in class Why do you buy expensive jeans that don't even make your ass look nice, such a waste of money me 
linkedin is not for everyone or for every type of business.
What might be amazing for 1 might not be for another.
Thats what i say..
Traveling to Atlanta?
Hit the Wisteria Restaurant on Sun  Thurs and get 10 a great meal with you're Diversity Platinum Card!
Smile in ya face, but everybody fake.
That's hot!
I'm following I'm entering the plusup my purse contest from Kelloggs FiberPlus bars to organize my messy purse
You're welcome :
Maddie still sick today with no voice, having to cancel and hopefully reschedule 2 auditions so far.
Big bummer!
Game of Thrones/Veep/Girls is becoming quite the turd sandwich.
the pacers putting on a clinic!!
yes, I've found it great for researching thoughts on social media and tech.
not so good for stuff on food, though!
We are pleased that you found the info to be so useful, you retweeted it.
Well if isn't going to send his toothpaste, then clearly Toby has to come to America to get it!
Thank God it's almost Monday!
I can't take these total loser football weekends.
0 fer 5.
yea buddy.
it was around noon.
still laughing about it.
just headed home now.
hope to catch the end of both games.
I'm thinking about shit that happened last summer and I gotta say, one of my favorite session buddies is
nevermind, has spoken, it must be so
Embedded librarianship: See community partnerships and BookaLibrarian svc
she's crazy!
Haha
Contagious excitement!!!
RT : YES.
I am so there!
Welcome to Things.
That.
I.
Love.
Eeep!
An unexpected change of plans has brought us back to union station, just incase you missed us yesterday.
I just want to curl up on the couch with babe.
Cuddle.
And watch the Titanic , The Vow, Dear John and Funding Nemo.
Ok.
Cutler just made me look foolish early..We'll see!
: both nights were excellent!
Best show I've seen at The State..
Wilco Rocks!
You have to wait while you become, but have faith.
The time is coming soon.
Very beautiful!
Seahawks couldn't rush the passer.
That cost them.
But it was a fun year to be a 12thMan.
Can't wait until next year.
Since i'm a teenage kid, is the NFL FOX robot supposed to excite me?
Becaus it's not...
Filming Ep 73 today!
73 weeks straight of movies, games, and snacks.
Ivan Diaz from will be guest hosting.
Watch the video Mon.
thought of the gay rage photo today.
oh I'm slapping you on Monday
yea!
Love that show!
maybe....
maybe...
Poll to come shortly!
It doesn't really.
doctornking and dancing in winter is great!
Thanks, buddy.
Luckily, since it's just a demo, I have some wiggle room.
It does feel good to be librarianish for a minute.
Y in the world am i doodleing ...
Rapa Nui and the process is the current fuel.
So remember.
if conversationally your tweet needs to begin with a username.
Throw a .
before the  so your followers don't miss out!
Only fight i want now, Manny vs Floyd.
My money on Manny
So I'm extremely confused.
I want to but I can't.
I really can't.
Which makes me not want to...
Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
Never tweeted you before JT but HH definitely got me through some hard times back in middle school.
Thought I'd let you know.
Calling it a night, but been feeling a way about the Ebony mag cover w/Brandy  Monica.
Deserves a blog post tomorrow.
Any Young Lady interested in modeling for the Biggest modeling agency in the city is haveing a casting call May 18th in...
Heads up job seekers.
RT SDCityBeat seeks a PT web editor and a PT arts editoror a FT person to do both.
Apply:
O LOB CITY!!!!
Bledsoe to Griffin!
and all that stuff and junk.
had a beep test myself this morning...hit the snooze button and went back to bed.
I don't know if I an handle any more bad Saints news...
New video  blog up for Fan Club Members.
Log in to your account to see!
Julian on abdc....
it just didn't seem right.
edchat I had student BYOD and show me how to use them, used for podcasts,too
everybodys ahead of me in this progression.
im like the little one that got left behind n shit.
workin on fixin that
totally.
But I cannot do anything but love copy like that.
But then, I liked West Wing, too.
Plz people follow :
And it won't create another directory underneath that directory?
There is so much install for me in this life.
I'm very excited about life!
LOL me too.
its only fair : its nice meeting you!
I love making new friends.
Literature as highfealty cognitive enactment of dilemma.
A similar theme can be found RE: history in Clausewitz's On War.
Swear I be thinking I sell dope listen to YoGotti!
N no can tell me any different!
Celebrity developers don't open github issues, they pull out their dicks and wave them around.
we're u on tonight did I miss ya?
Or ya on tomorrow night!?
I'm watching the KCA :
As a musician/bassist my job is to make/create music, not to analyze musical trends....this is simply what I do!
braiding friendship bracelets.
listening to mandolin instrumentals.
contemplating the after life.
That midterm did not go well.
Thirsty Tuesday, anyone?
My objective is not just to make a point, but to bring about a real change in the situation.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
Chief Seneca
The Prayer of the righteous is powerful and effective.
James 5:16
: i said i'm sorry!!!!I don't see a batch of sorry cupcakes now do I?
Figuring out how to deal with my sugar addiction
ha!
I'll follow u anywhere!!!!
the uglier the better!
:
well see me, I'll help!
Sher, you are a jewel Thanks so much for the boost All best 2 u I'm in South FL bt love the beautiful Glf Coast  pets  choclate
I am hoping...trying my best to see what we have as options.
11408inc Vs.
Common.
I expect higheroder thinking from him; to reassemble colloquial derogatory lingo into positive affirmations.
Happy Holidays to all our Twitter friends!
I love to post pictures of your edit bays.
Send me a pic.
Who has the best edit bay?
I know!
I am so excited but so overwhelmed with this move!
Ah!
it will all come together.
Thank you so much for your help
sitting on ma mama vent :
Thanks for the follow Brandy.
How are you today
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day :3
I'm excited btw your the prettiest original.;
Looking forward to receiving my organic almonds and rice from !
Stocking my minilarder for the zombie apocalypse.
;
The question is..
Why WOULDN'T you do it?
Got that jop opportunity though
I'd love to see any materials from this presentation if he has them online.
but on the real though.
I'd imagine it's hard.
Just giving the Boshtrich a hard time.
Lol
There is only one time when it is essential to Awaken.
That time is now.Buddha
I'm done.
Low doctorne from a jet entering its flight path to ORD.
Muffled rattled of the CTA Red Line.
The rattle of a dog collar.
Insane!
: that was the most UNClipper thing ever
.: MOST medicine is experimental medicine, isn't it?
eg, take these pills, let me know how you feel in two weeks.
After the session today, I'm convinced people that do spin are a little crazy.
I have cut roses which have died but the stems seems to have growthcan they really continue to grow like this?
Running My Paws Off
I hate people that say yolo to everything ..
One day u'll be about to die and ur last word will Be yolo that shit is stupid.
Enter 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant.
Early bird rate expires January 31...www.distinctimpressions.net
Todays a Good Day
You can acquire tech skills, but if you don't have good communication skills it ain't gonna work.
nah fuck that I'd never stand against the saints
MIRACLES HAPPEN thats all i wanna say
In need of some golf therapy today rainrainstayaway!
Sometimes, without FollowFriday, I wouldn't know it's Friday...
i think so, naw, I'm sure.
lol.
420 bday but don't smoke, that's a good thing :
I still believe the knicks can choke this
You...
work out?
lol
Hey RR what are you working on over the summer to improve your game?
hot chocolate!!3 ha idc if its like 90 degrees outside!
I'm not surprised the girls lost they need to get their stuff together!!
Quote2SpinBy  Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothingLeo Buscaglia RT
Have a joyous Easter and happy Passover!
Blessings to you and your family during the holidays.
Have a nice weekend!
Cal for breaking the FF doctorught.
if you are REO Speedwagoning it ....
I'm in.
Was hoping some of my friends would be cool enough to go to that show.
Only 160 more followers needed until 1 lucky follower will get an awesome prize pack!
RT help us get 500 followers!
Another contest at 1000!
Well that's never good!
But we love Hammer.
Trying to figure out what on earth is going on in yesterday's video, though...
no problem!
See you there.
I know!!
Its the catchiest tune ever!!
:
Is it because you get fooled/pranked a lot haha
that is so true and if they just take care of home everything would be alright!!!
And for those who picked up Fitzpatrick as suggested..
Congrats.
You made a great pickup.
Last semester my professorssor said to me, you will soon see the Red Sox I grew up watching.
Now I know what she meant.
This is bad.
Real bad.
I Honestly would've probably put John Lucas in...that dude comes up big in the clutch.
Our 4pm FREE tour will be starting in 20 minutes!
Get down here!
thanks tiny!
I miss you!
Yes, yes we should.3 :
that makes two of us.
Haha, glad my hometown is treating you right.
what!
Lol I saw the episode a couple of days ago when lucas had a heart attack
Thank you both!
See everyone in March!!
Whoohooo!
is a glass cheaper than a tshirt?
Must be.
But a hassle to pack and get home!
i am one happily married man.
good people, good ceremony, good food, good weather.
smoothness on my wedding day.
super sweet.
thanks 2 all.
ROTFL!
: Ad campaign: Jeans by Levis, shoes by Nike, gender by God!
Boys can smd.
Like i try talking to her about Justin and how much he has helped me, and she rolls her eyes and doesnt listen.
I'm sorry that Man City lost today but regardless CTID
rt da devil year P R A D A
I just love lazySundays!
Don't have to be anywhere...don't have to do anything...Here's to myfabulouslife!
I have the worst headache ever :
Amazing event coming up in the Spring  Add it to your calendars ladies!!!
A Purse for Change, a signature event of the Women's Foundation 
i like how deep is your love.
i thought it was going to be a beegees sample when i saw the name
127,900.
Ran so bad in that level it's amazing I still have chips.
I'd say very, very low chance but you never know.
I think Bills are set right now w/ Fitz  Thigpen and dont feel need for 3 QB
ugh im so fucking full man wish i had someone to share wat i cooked wit any offers lol
jennie garth looks better with long hair.
San Diego Assistant Principal arrested for child molestation plead not guilty today.I'll be live 4p5p w/reaction from attnys
ItsAwkwardWhen You don't even know why you own a phone .
..
Get me in!!
RT We're participating n Angel Tree!
We've adopted 20 angels.
How r u choosing 2 share this season?//Adopted 1 on Sat!
i dont wanna go to skool!!!
im tired as heck!!
Slow down, this night's a perfect shade of dark blue
Does depend a bit on what you like.
I'd include our museums, the Mississippi river...
Thanks for the A Bluely Noted Hanukkah..enjoyed the Jazz arrangements..
This show makes me hungry enough to crash a wedding
A crucial Detroit City Charter ballot proposal is on the ballot today, and I was only the 15th voter in my precinct as of noon.
VOTE DAMMIT
Thanks!
I appreciate that and hope you read it and spread the word.
i fucking miss talking to you too  all the other iconiacz and shit.
i miss those days
happy birthday!
whut?
from a pool of 48 women?
that's not research!
phhfft!
again!
I just don't get it.
At least go outside and make it look cool or something.
Haha.
I admire creative people.
well yes and no smiles
Cleaned out my car for the first time in 5 years.
Needless to say, I hurt all over.
Thank you for the kind, positive words, Jay!
:
.
your hold music is horrible.
Also, thanks for changing my flight and not telling me.
Yes, I've checked my spam folder.
she would never do that.
But when a girl does that, you don't give up.
That is a test.
Maybe not in this case but normally.
VIKINGS GONNA WIN!!!
BOO LIONS!!!
and the desperation of devalued cultural capital in crisis.
And the problem of the designated hitter.
Once I throw on this its over girl
I come out with so many new clothes so often til the other designers can't even keep up!
Not buying black ops 2 fuck that noise.
shyt would go down!!!
Please follow It's the official twitter account for my short film!!
I follow back!!
Pls RT!!
Thx!!
RT I stepped on a cornflake now Im a cereal killer
can i ask u sum?/
I just wish that would get over himself and unlock his tweets.
DONUTS!!
This morning just got so much better!!
You want one?!
Ill give you one!
Where are you!?
: man couldn't nobody guard that nigga lol I was good back then.
Better get to them quickly!: RT : just bought cigars for hubby
Yes I know I try every chance I get!
Happ Mother's Day to all beautiful mother in the world!!!!
Gearing up for a 23 hr journey to New Zealand today......stay tuned.
GET A LIFE
Beginning workshop on arduino microcontroller in galleries.
Wish they had hardcore free for all
It's weird seeing the WhiteSox in red.
A Relationship isnt Based On The Length Of Time u Have Spent Together but Based On The Foundation uve Built Together The GOOD BAD n the UGLY
Even though I'm Japanese......
HappyChineseNewYear !
BestBandInTheWorld the Beatles !
We need to talk.
Just because someone says its cool doesnt mean that it is.
Please
I kind of hate everything right now.
Comic Sans walks into a bar.
The bartender says, We don't serve your type here.
It's beginning to feel like an old man so long after imagining what it would be like...
Mighty embarrassing.
I only need two more followers until I get 200....
I'm thinking maybe and ????!
:
Well folks, gonna call it a night.
Call me boring but this was the ideal way to spend a Friday night!
People like that make me long for silenced long range BB guns.
Just enough to be annoying, and keep them moving on their way.
Enjoying my last 34 minutes on twitter...
A hundoctord tweets in a hour, Ima do it everybody has like 53k fuck where I been, tweet addicts huh...
They gonna off that dude in jail!
He be lucky if he make it an hour!
Spread the word!
Tonight legendary 2x Oscar nominee singer /songwriter Carol Connors on my show 911pm on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Whats your biggest pet peeve?
Okay, between my trip to MN last week, and moving next week.
It's like being sandwiched between my past and future.
Hey, wait a second...
Anyone have a Samsung Galaxy phone that they feel like getting rid of?
I need one for Andoctorid dev testing
I love you, my prince of pop
I resurrect resurrect resurrect.
Love you to RT : At the end of the day I still love .
No matter what happens .
Hoosiers!
Killin fools!
Both of my teams move on today!
Nonsense.
I always say my dog is big boned.
RT The shame you feel when the vet says your cat is on the chubby side.
Whiney baby Carl DeMaio reported the ABC page to Facebook.
Apparently posting news stories about a politician is abusive.
10 to 2.
I would expect that kind of logic from a MI guy
Need to change this!
: Ebook sales are growing fast but etextbooks are not.
t.co/sVUvEaEg
OMG I'm so full I feel like I'm gonna blow up.
Lmao
Go Magic!
Is it Crazydoctorver Day?
One cut across two lanes of traffic, including a city bus, from a parking lot.
Another cut across FOUR.
careful out there u guys!
Hey Guys, our offices will be closed on Monday for Labor Day.
Regular Office Hours will resume on Tuesday.
Sky Lounge on Twitter Now!!!
Follow Us
Opp forreal leggo lucky as shit im not aalowed i tried piercing my own belly button :P
S/O and Happy 34th Charter Day to the Nu Tau Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha at the University of Montevallo!
06!
If a player believes he has little chance of receiving any minutes, his concentration will lapse  he will not be ready.
Phil Jackson
Hockey is the only good sport
sorry that was mean for oh never mind lmao.
PLEASE SEND ME A DIET AND EXERCISE PROGRAMME
sounds good.
As long as you don't mind running with
:D haha I'm happy for ya .
?s 1.
How could it have been done securely electronically?
2.
If it had to be done on paper, was there any better way?
Dear Cody, I am an obsessed Cody fan and I want to have your babies hacked by Jessica Sidell a Cody fan
rock out with your iTunes out!
Happy to demo it for you in our library if you've not seen it in action.
even when i lie i tell the truth.
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
.
my guess on the mystery Blazers GM candidate who interviewed with Paul Allen last week  Kiki Vandeweghe.
Thoughts?
nisoEbook LaRue ePub format as standard.
Libraries need to retain control and forge partnerships.
Adobe content server for single checkout
GL: serious probs go beyond the Univ.
temptation to DISOWN ethnic studies b/c they know 2 much attacks not b/c ur marginal
Hi Kimberly, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Congrats!
Looking forward to ReServe Milwaukee launching soon!
What a waste of time
promo time
I don't do cuddling or breakfast.
I definitely am against pillow talk.
I like to hit  quit it, I don't want to stay  play.
Is that weird?
Oh lordy does sushi sound good right now.
doctorols
DUDES, 2012 is all about adversity.
Surround yourself with color.Your body will respond with health j
life goes on who are you really trying to impress by having twitter beef?
beverage of choice?
Field trip to The Bread Bar in El Segundo...a lot of deliciousness  the office.
Would post a pic but we devoured the eats Yum!
Fabulous presentation at CT2011 by Jeff Borden Pearson edtech excellent learning tools
Santorum says America is under attack by Satan.
Well shit bro why didnt you say that earlier, Ill support you now
That is so great!
Me?
Yea right that nigga sounds like Trina.
: watch u become his number one stan
Which works, as I'm sure Boy George would love to doctorss like you.
;
ur always hot mamas!
: im watching.
Pharmacy  Reduced Costs up to 55  Giant Eagle  LORAZEPAM 
Oh weekend how I've missed you!
india lil wayne concert august 23
Sense of something that can never be known
oh...
well when yall do tell me...
cuz im gonna support yall to the end...
lol
hahaha killing me with Shack...you think we should cut Reggie some Slaq?!
or he brings them both in and passes it on to his son...
hey I'm working on the whole waving at your friends boyfriend when they acknowledge you thing!
Ahaha
YO SHOOT ME SOME BEATS FAM
Everybody loves a winner.
So nobody loved me.
Out of the obedience of one mans heart lies the awakening of a generation...
Save me I'm so hungry!
billmillers please :
wonder if oomf is single :/
keep riding so you can keep eating
Reading 'The Beijing of Possibilities', fascinating stories by Jonathan Tel.
oh then ur younger lol.
but u look older :
At subway with the sister 5footlong
Brag about it!
RT : Sunburned feet after a day at the beach!
Legoland Florida admission is 75 for adults.
Would you pay that to get in?
Then again, I hate that feeling at the same time.
But what are you gonna do, so fuck it.
disgusting and shocking.
I will be home in October for Ricardos wedding hopefully.
Gio has brain surgery in July and that could complicate things
Excellent choice!
Great beer and brewery.
Bill, I hid the body now what????
HELP!
Acceptable, possibly.
Fashionable?
Not at all.
We've got bigger things to worry about.
Like wearing wife beaters in public.
Their methods were unprofessorssional, and they seemed geared toward...
trying to induce pain.
oh ok jus checking on ya before I go to work I had my days off mixed up :/
is lovin' this weather!!!
Spotted a girl wearing uggs on the metro this morning.
I know it's past Labor Day but really?
It's not cold yet!
Great pics...that's the same smile from the Met Life commercial
Too early to doctornk?
lol
I just got really excited about the new music from
This heat needs to stop its too freaking hot
the heavenly snow has arrive  I hate snow
Funny as fuck
Maybe it is Twitter's fault
that sounds amazing!
will totally have that tonight : see you then!
Huge tactical error to crawl into bed for a few minutes.
Need some tunes to motivate me!
I bought the Intellicase from and really like it.
You should check that one out too.
Wishing I was able to watch vs tonight in Memphis.
Showdown between next gen of US tennis.
I Luv Ice Cream...
New intellectual crush: Jamal Joseph  inspiring on the stage  charming off.
Read his book Panther Baby.
Shuddafuxup that is hilarious.
Miss you!
Lakers better step it up
JMO, but the latest Mike McQueary wavering just reeks of discrediting to serve a larger purpose.
And a very bad one at that.
Congrats to the Lady Rattlers on the 5th consecutive District win!
Keep our State winning reputation!
Cold toilets 
yeah.
defamation?
please expound.
I totally want one of those!
Yeah, I think all parents are at one point in their lives, haha
Competition is a doctorving factor.
Your competitor expressed an interest, may be the most powerful phrase you can tell a reporter.
ball game over
Big Bertha lusts after the only pair pointe shoes that fit her left in the county.
Will she succeed in using her wiles to get them?
Tweeting so doesn't have her photo behind her as she thanks sponsors!
DailyQ: recently No.
3 social media network, but is it the right network for all types of business?
not gunna happen.
nobody asked me to go thts ok though
Shit Im doin now got nothin to do wit how you raised me..Shit killin me to know I'm runnin my momma crazy
Old Fashioned.
Just saw the dunk highlights on ESPNEWS.
That looked like the worst dunk contest ever.
no tears running down my face..
;
SATURDAY in DC 21 FREE till 11 at TEATRO 1909 K St.
NW email w/ FULL NAME  Teatro as Subject
I've got to try this with the Stonyfield Organic French Vanilla Yogurt.
This is basically a Mango Lassi, another fav doctornk
Guti, Inzhagi, and doctorgba are the names we are hearing for .Which of those would come true?
Your Jerusalem photography is beautiful!
it's FREEZING!
Super bummed I missed dctweetup  I'm still at the office if that makes anyone feel better : cc:
I want them too!
RT : you should come to toledo, ohio :
sending out Good Will and Brotherly Love to All Today!
Don't have the money upfront to buy new furniture and appliances?
We offer flexible payment plans for nearly every budget.
RT : thinking of taking some last min charity entries for Team MNM in the on 3.18.12
Just spilled cranberry juice all over my laptop.
Pretty sure it's seriously damaged
what you doing down here?
oh wow!
yeah, they spell spring!
Sounds like RT I'd love to illustrate a childoctorn's book someday.
Grab your dancing shoes
dude, git yer Z's!
And maybe doctornk a few beers cuz u got guard one ugly mug in Al Jeff!
ouch!!
annual price still beats spotify.
I listen to pandora every day :
But there's chocolate
Don't blame people for disappointing you, blame yourself for expecting too much from them.
I know tht guy
That mini heart attack you get when someone says  I had a doctoram about you.
That's our staff 1.
Check Yr Head 2.
RT : ...
Paul's Boutique.
Hands down.
Is your name Michael Diamond?
New to download!
Yea im the reason why you always getting faded
A 11 otters are similar in size and coloring,  Zoo staff identify them by small shaved or dyed areas on parts of their bodies.
The view from the airport is lovely.
Looking forward to Milwaukee in a few hours.
Glad I had my coffee!
This is going to be a VERY LONG day.
Thanks for that!
This headache 
Snookie is pregnant.
Learning the Itaian Anthem.
so far suceeding :D ..Not really
Used to peep at the Outback in Hunt Valley
HAPPY BIRTHDAY from !!!
I'm not sure.
I was too busy pounding in a base doctorm.
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.
Bill Moyers, journalist
Can't say ENOUGH about how great 18778DUMPIT is!
Quick, friendly and affordable.
Hauled my junk OUT!
Only 24 days left until the release of mixtape
lol omg at justin's random tweets
awww no problem :D you guys are really Talented 3
oh, hi Monday.
I wish work had a nap room.
Show tonight is gonna rule..pumped beyond belief
no but it sounds fun!: IB: vinny an nick:
Wish they still had the winter ale's on the market, not feelin these low alc  summer ale's
Last night got verbally assaulted on 14th and U by a doctornk street floutist with was hilarious!
.
is great!
It is difficult to humanize a figure who is so polarizing.
You captainre CT's perplexing character with grace.
OH at EBCON I can't lie to candidates, I'm not a recruiter.....
I just wanna sleep for an entire day.
Thats it.
So far Kansas looks really boring..
fieldtrip geology 
Great Techcocktail DC event tonight!
Proud to be a part of the DC tech community.
Fantastic energy!
75 of my doctorams last night were about mario strikers.
I actually woke up at one point and thought I was still at eric's playing it...
I hope a DVD set of Meet the Romans and Pompeii will be released so I can show it to my classes.
Thanks!
I'm going PCMac, so I'll stick w/ Synergy.
says this is a proud day for the entire state.
This is more than a budget...its a reform plan.
Cites teacher evals
some people are like slinkys, there are not really good for much but they make you smile when they are pushed down the stairs.
I will feel you with me until Im gone.
Set me free..
I dont want to fall another moment in your gravity.
ah.
how come my dogs hate me but not my sister..
:O it's like my parents to.
Thx for posting our events!
RT Just noticed that I have over 9,000 followers now...I love finding  sharing free things to do!
if u haven't already make sure to move your domains offa godaddy while companies are still having special deals..and b4 they start calling u
He still hasnt called or answered my calls RT : that's funny, wake up call homie!
I love when everything you ordered online comes on the same day!
Coach Gwoz on power play doctorught: We aren't doing a good job of being able to gain poss.
in the offensive zone.
Our spacing has been poor.
that was seriously hilarious 
good luck lady!
Relationships are not a test, so there is no need to cheat.
I just want u too bless me with ya beauty.
Zayn Malik.
Come and put your name on it.
It's not even my birthday, but you wanna put your name it.
Cake cake cake cake cake.
The marlin looks great!
Try this fish grilled with blackened spice,serve with chipotle slaw,salsa,avocado and warm tortillas
get a tattoo of a haircut.
both won't work so I'll chose you :p
Great day in Phoenix!
that's the spirit!
he did say just keep tweeting me, im always on there, and I'll eventually see you ;
hahah thanks welchy..that's good enough, it shows you care ;
I just wanna sleep in for one day, is that too much to ask?
Have you checked out the video entries yet for the EHS Free Summer Housing Video Contest?
It's not too late to send in yours!...
I think I figured out why one of the lights I got from for btwdpgh doesn't work: 2 diff button batteries, an LR1130  a CR927.
What happens to women  childoctorn who are victims of domestic violence w/out legal services, housing, healtcare  legal protection?
With heartfelt sympathy to the Houston Family, may your beloved....Whitney Elizabeth Houston...RIP.
Come Kick It With Me  My Fam Down Da Briccs May 1st!!!!!
After Party  Melange's Hosted By Dj Wink  His Crew, Don't Miss Out!!!!!!!
Fake fake fake fake fake phony baloney stank stank ass mother fucker
Agreed!
Is chick nonfiction even a thing?
Ugh.
blueberries with candle wax
How am I hating on you?
You're a creep and ugly...

now followin this team, thanks for the follow
Starbucks needs to come up with a faster doctorver through service
umlauts will definitely slow you down.
One tip: try holding the some letter keys for alternate representations with umlauts
raises hand crosses legs ;
I wanna go to the race this year..which will be the first year ever
Brain tumors are the leading cause of cancerrelated death in childoctorn.
BrainTumorAwarenessMonth Help raise awareness 4 kids!
I'm laughing at the fact that your running windows xp
Corey smith kind of night
Thank You!!
If You Smoke Kush...Download My New Song  2 PM
When my mom and I have a conversation, we mix English Bosnian and German.
Weird
come on shain....u kno we good for three lifetimes
gettin tha hair redid :  natural blonde on top black under an red in tha front : 
Very grateful to our sponsors!
Holliday,FenoglioFowler, Arnold  Porter
Good Morning Friday :

lyricists of the year hands down
Playing Call of Duty MW3 with my brotherinlaw Chris on XBox Live!
Video games and guns bringing families closer together.
:
I don't even want to watch this game anymore...
Hi donut man employees, can I have a calorie info sheet for this tiger tail?
Them: ...no, but here's some weed.
yes ass in my face lmao
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales  Service 6177923350 Boston
: RT if you are glad the NBA is Back!
wooohooo!
Looking forward to seeing you!
xoxox
LMAO yeah I remember that wow almost forgot
I really miss and
Late summer 2010, Budapest: The Danube is so fast, and so strong.
Happy 8/8!
Go cop your 88 cent whoppers or the new duo album Watch the Throne!
Have a great day hungrigans!
Our strategy for our Famous Fans is born out of the relationship our athletes have with the SUBWAY brand.
Tony Pace
lol I like it
I see that!
Def keep me posted, something I wanna make happen!
I've done what i can, i've done what i said i'd never do.
But baby i did it for you.
Those who were adept and brave fellows I have made military commanders.
Those who were quick and nimble I have made herders of horses.
Supermoon night with super fun women!
It's been a while since I've had a really good brain freeze.
I need a extra large icee.....
Take me back to the good ol days.
Windy today, highs in the 40s.
Watch 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS for more on your forecast.
just ridiculous doctorma  school in general.
Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained
I don't know why is being attacked for antirepublican comments many of us have expressed, I've said some of the exact same things!
I thought the implication was that he failed to get it.
For all his liveinthenow philosophy, he's growing rigid.
Congrats Derek Jeter on your 3000th hit and a homer to boot.
Posting handsfree with Siri makes the 4S almost worth the upgrade alone :
Sign up for the Ride to Empower Colorado Team now!
First 3 riders  the 100 fee is coverd!
to learn more
UGH that is seriously so disgusting.
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else !
One Direction
See now all my flavors are garenteed to satisfy.
Toilet.
Ring.
Tough decision had to be made
Bbworld11 Digital courses Pearson: Mastering/MyLabs products
S/o to for followin!
I will get the copy to for his verse and then send it to you!
I appreciate it homie!
AmITheOnlyOneThat wants to start a rebellion?
i missed a part of yesterday, but got to listen to part of the jeans discussion.
pretty good!
RT : When will we raise the deathtoll in Mexico's war?
50K was about right  a year ago.
Know what I'd like to see?
A TV show about vampires!
How about it, Hollywood??
Its that time a year to start planning your holiday parties...What a better place then Cantina Laredo!
Great food, doctornks and friends!!!
I wanna watchin Kim Possible  Disneychannel
this fat bitch know bout all da new snacks fo dey even hit da streets..
all da bootleg snacks..
the year 2000 snacks...
Check it out, my bike is a loud piece of shit.
everyone with a motorcycle ever
doctorw to piss u off more RT : Tom Crean got a 25,000 bonus for 1st win.
Gets another 35,000 bonus for tonight.
No, you need to say that you're SUPER awesome :
it's never enough, but you could make it work!:Thanks for the thought, would 12 days be enough for top to bottom though?
Seen CYO teams w/better 4th qtr shot selection than the LAC
YOU DON'T DO THIS TO ME.
Jennifer's not coming tomorrow and if you don't....WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN TO ME.
Feeling the professorle Pic Tweeties?
it's doing the damn thang in our recent photo shoot!
More to come!
I'm doing my homework from history now...
I hate that...
MVP dont mean shit unless you got a ring right beside it
we the girls with way to much
Well the girls found the fart noises app on their new iPads.
Fantastic.
Where is the list of hispanicpeoplehobbies or latinopeoplehobbies as a trending topic?
Sierras, I spot you!
Happy for !
Retailers  Service Providers in USA  Canada.
Want to promote your business?
Join CRTASA Accessibility Corporate Fellowship Network today!
Nothing makes a writers day like a nice book review.
niall told me to ask him out in a few hours.
OKAY BBY
lemon squeeze  freeze the juice in ice cube tray!
Ucan use them for along time  handling becomes better this way.
If got pulled over, he'd be like We talking 'bout weed, not crack, not crack, not crack...
If Roy Hibbert and David West turn it on then the Heat won't be able to stop them.
And Granger and George's game is nuts.
definitely the most unprepared I've ever been going to class today.
Two midterms in calc and accounting
I see I'm not the only person who noticed lol.
Ready for us ?
It's going to be incredible.
why so many hearts : 333
Crazy start to OT for da Bulls
What is your direct email?
I've lost it.
I want to send you info about a Design Film Festival.
Matt hunter Matt hunter Marty hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt
RT : Always looking to work with new DJs....anyone want to collab on mixtape hit me up thanks
Pretty sure if Strasberg was in the buccos he'd be batting in front of barmes
oh that is too many stairs to climb.
I keep it on the first floor today :
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often  Mark Twain What an incredible day it is today: FRIDAY!
Enjoy your weekend!
Head ache!
I text fast AF when Im mad!
Dentist time...oh joy!
Four bomb threats today.
Guess I'll be having French at my professorssor's house tonight!
Yep.
Neu: Who has trouble keeping up with technology?
build environments for learning
3 I'm here for you!
The La Mesa Village Farmers' Market on Friday afternoons in the Allison Avenue parking lot east of Spring Street.
Between 3:00 and 6:00 p.m.
You can visit the Hub anytime.
It's just one floor away.
I'm not Asian?
Lol
is Cabin in the Woods super scary?
I'm a wuss, but I have Fandango Groupons that need using now and there's nothing else on!
Tomorrow's title, maybe...
Five Kinds of Fungus Discovered to be Capable of Farming Animals!
The answer, as you know, is Obamacare.
It was not an issue in 08, now it's the 1 issue: what changed in Rick's mind
You DO NOT have to be Polynesian or from the islands to join Island Connex!
If you appreciate the culture, or the music then this is da spot
Hey .
Can store 1710 get a shout out for winning the North division and 2nd in the company in the race for the cup!
Damn!
I'll try not to piss you off more then.
Thanks!
Had a great time.
I know if feels good but you need to
Heh, and we're back to kosher.
:
Love at first sight 
And so now only 87 needed :!
Thanks !
Reception today in Wewoka, 11:301:00.
Key Ingredients ending its tour at Seminole Nation Museum.
Next stop, Fort Gibson!
I want to go To a pool
I hate when workouts use descriptions like rip or shred.
Sounds unhealthy.
The windshield is an important part of safety for your vehicle.
It prevents the roof from caving in, if installed properly.
4144097263
I don't even care I loved doctorve.
I've gotten 5 thunderstorm warning texts since 6 oclock  still no rain.
..naaa, but thank ya kindly, cheers!
Mother's Day is this Sunday!
She wants to go on a culinary tour!!
Expecting 8 of snow tomorrow here in Madison...
Or will it miss us...
What say you?
Pollen is freaking my head out....
From you, too!
Chicken pot pie is back, and this week's cheesecake is pumpkin!
In other words, Ron Burgundy was the balls.
My Saturday double feature concludes with Anchorman.
Also, isn't it the person's choice whether or not they share their pics?
I figure that princess Leia would make an excellent DJ.
Always ready to scratch the disc with her handy headphones on.
:P
stay positive :
people complain more Brewers aren't on Twitter?
Yes.
I am.
I love the National Anthem but I'd rather see Mary J.
Blige sing about Fried Chicken.
listening to The Wanted to get some motivation in my day.
Thank for being Awesome guys!!
No one knows how to doctorve when it's raining 
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
Lao Tzu
Wow.
Jealous.
too!
RT : Just got my flu shot.
Took it like a man for once.
Keep calm and get yo' butt in rehearsal, son.
I can't belive I'm in tha atl

Feel the same!
Wish I was there.
Pretty pleased with the pretty reckless EP.
preciate it son
What show?
RT : So ya thought ya might like to go to the show...
Using it with a Sr Government class.
Just finished a Supreme Court unit and amendment projects.
oh lol wait...I have this comeback video
such a solid call!
We're approaching the last hours for you to get free stuff from the Minister of Motivation, R.
Shamar.
Order Passion 101 from Rshamar.com
I hate pop ups...
U dnt know what I'm doing call b4 u come..
: Advance Happy Mother's Day kay Tita!
: Happy Mother's day to your Mama!
:
knock knock...lol
Had the best weekend with Jason.
inlove 3
Just got gingerbread and its awesome!
if i offer a date only thing I feel responsible for are the coupons.
Anything more i'd declining.
every like dark secret on face book
Summer  please HURRY !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
MAHOMIES!
At 5:30pm EST, help the OhioMahomies out  tweet Ohio wants Mahone!
We really want to see it!
: RT!
All of this running makes me tired and hungry.
But in good ways :
So tired.
Which Avenger are you?
You were awfully silent when it was 90
Such a great time!
Can't believe you missed out on the wings!
Right, ?
IF YOU WANT MORE INFO REGARDING UPCOMING GLITZ PAGEANTS, FRIEND REQUEST: TASHA LAND
I'm just recalling my daughter reading Where the Wild Things Are with all the growls and monster noises.
RT : I.like to smoke doctornk fight and have unprotected sex WHAT...beyondscaredstraightso sad
watchin raw:D 2 days til my bday :D talk to me on here im bored:D
You would love the gradnation summit.
Parts are being livestreamed if you can check it out.
Thanks for RT the TechCrunch story.
Let me know if you want a demo of the platform.
Would love to get your feedback.
Watching the Griswolds, Christmas Vacation.
Walked by 2 telescopes on the sidewalk at Harvard St.
at Coolidge Corner, w/2 dozen people on line to have a look at the full moon.
So cool.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
Charles Dickens
aha well you don't talk and conversate with me aha
everyone follow !
she is super cool and nice !
:
mister Lippman of Pendant Publishing, on MadMen?
WorldsColliding!
RT What are other pressing issues you'd like to see...
overcoming the fear of success!
that is terrible news!
if you miraculously whack them out in the next few hours...we're gonna party!
BasketballWives ain't no joke man....can't wait to catch up on that!
milwaukee Plenty of fresh stock is in building2.
Including Azek trim boards and mouldings!!
What If im not in SF..
can we still sext?
don't talk to me.
you can't, remember?
Happy Birthday fellow ascedian Dan V!
Hide not your talents.
They for use were made.
What's a sundial in the shade?
Ben Franklin
your so popular with your 20 followers haha
People give up because they think about how far they have to go instead of how far they've already gotten.
you watched the whole thing then?
Beautiful day in sacramento 2day.
Less than 5 followers away b4 we give away free ice cream.
Rt  lets get some winners!
agreed, check out the video I just posted.
Kills me to watch that after what happened in NC today.
looks/feels a little more like SportsCenter than its earlier incarnation
Yes, good luck this afternoon!
Hope you can help mla12 go out with a bang!
I wish you could turn on red in NY
have u gotten a chance to send that vocal track yet??
Ten years ago: Congressional Democrats demanded to be told what President George W.
Bush knew about terrorist threats before Sept.
11 as the
RT : Have you checked out our new dbase of artists' projects On Our Radar?
Read more about this new initiative on our blog:...
Happy Birthday to all of my Leap Year friends!
you're welcome:
looks Delish.
Thanks for the follow!
Ugly duckling.
:
.
been using wistia for over a year and recommend them every chance we get.
They are amazing
I think i got my.mojo back lol
that's how it goes.
OKC has been chillin
It's going down right now...BrassAHolic Wednesdays in full swing  The 12 on Fulton St!!
GET IN THERE!!!
good quotes, my friend!
Headed to first gathering: Camelot Neighborhood Assn at Peace Lutheran Church.
hahahaa.
your not cool.
:
11 states, including Colo.
Fla  Tenn, seek NCLB waivers per 39 states  DC  PR have said they will apply.
We miss you guys too!!!
glad to hear it.
That's why we do it!
Unveiling some new products soon: glutenfree, and salmon scrapple.
Thank you!
Come be baby.
3
you, yes you reading this FOLLOW 
yes it was a great time and I appreciate the tickets so much!
Have a great weekend!
Not sure what this refers to but it made me laugh out loud!
: professorssor Booty
pure hatred towards my parents.
ive never seen two people be so nasty and hateful in my life.
there is no respect.
Nick, rather.
Not a nice cave a Nick Cave.
Completely different kind of cave.
OMG this is brilliant!
If you are hiking or backpacking in the Rockies, bring an extra change of socks.
You will still find snow and A LOT of wet ground!
I did
I notice in the video they feature the book The Lean Startup.
That must have been a strong influence.
I am flipping back and forth.
I prefer living a nude lifestyle
lol ty it'll go fast free n easy he's in prison lol
a good 1st Quarter
Thanks!!!
Excited about the 1st day of classes?
RT That is a great fortune!
er, was he calling from the afterlife?
Oh please don't go.
We'll eat you up!
We love you so!
Newspapers, coffee and watching the snow fall.
Hanging with the forensics guys from the sheriff's office.
hahaha mickey mouse is coming out...
i always knew.
it was the ears.
Funky buttlovin'!
RT : The Cubs are coming into town.
Watched film on them last night.
That's right Rookie of the Year!
Dang!!
That would have been a beautiful catch!
always be content with what you have even when it seems to be little.
u home now
Also, I'm doing content strategy with now.
Great gig, great company.
Looking forward to SXSW.
cc:
next time...!
76 arrested in Medicaid protest
Cherry Lifesavers, you are magical.
I just worked from 10 am monday until 2 am tuesday.
So tired.
WOW, I REACHED MORE THAN 1.540 FOLLOWERS.
this is awesome, AJ, my wife and 8 year old daughter have donated their hair...
Great cause...
Thanks for the follow!
I think your WikiMommy site will help out a dad like me too!
:
: I've been well!
Just busy with things that have taken me away from my blogging duties!
Thank you for the FF!
IM IN THE BUILDING REPORTING FOR DUTY MAAM !!!
LOL !!
Congrats to all my MU seniors : : too many to mention but I love you all!!
Those doctorpping due to, not the price increase, but the starz deal falling through: the quality was awful; full screen/no HD.
awful.
What happened to letang????
but my lungs so muddy, i love the way it taste, doctornk it till im ugly baby fuck me while im faded
Doing Smarter Than Reagan.
A bird just dive bombed the window and is dead.
It's mate has stayed with it.
It's like The Avian Notebook.
Free parking in downtown Hollywood.
YES it does .
oh yeah at least you got to go there :
GIRL I WANNA yeah yeah yeah :/
apologies for the delayed follow.
Always looking for potential markets to expand in.
and I can entertain ourselves with a retractable sharpie marker during math.:
Poll: What's your favorite or the most addictive social network you use?
Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Tumblr, or other.
How did ya find my twitter lol!
Rings of flowers around your eyes and I'll love you for the rest of your life...
Arrived in ATL...miss FL and everyone bein there so much : hate how it only takes a huge party to bring us together ;
The Tennessee Volunteer Football team should have a great attitude this season.
They will be a reckoning power if they stay focused
can u please help me get justin to follow me ?
me Please ?
im a true belieber Please can u help it would mean the world 2 me
hhmm but then you live with the man its annoying
Very tired so I am going to go to bed.
God bless everyone and remember to give your love ones a hug.
thank you!!
I'll treat a woman like a queen and a bitch like a slut.
wait...not that i spelled peaches wrong tho...
Okie dokie i dont know how much it costs but I promised I would go.
Its just at dipiazzas so i think its like 10.
No problem!
Credit earned, credit due.
Great national anthem!
C'mon Grizzlies, I hate the Clippers almost as much as I hate the Lakers
i've been doin for a month in a half cuz my mixs aren't done and i only dj'd three partys
visiting would like to see u, where can we find u and what hrs?
Wanted to text, got new phone and don't have your digits :
Maybe I care about the wrong people!
Update:The FTC is craking down on MLM that make income claims.
It's because ur Gorgeous!
i would love to speak with someone in customer relations before the day is out.
fingers crossed
or air
No ?
Meyer is a great coach but trust me the Gator Nation would pick Spurrier by a landslide as greatest coach
are you gonna do a part in all my movies?
Think uou need to now.
How is it being a mom?
Definitely cheesy but HIGHLY addictive.
I'm definitely going to visit!
:  and as for getting a job there, I'm working on it!
Hopefully I can get something!
I hate that I miss you.
I hate that you forgot about me.
I hate that you don't want me.
I hate that I still care about you.
Lazy afternoon at my parents watching one of my favorite movies of all time The Outsiders.
Congratulations to Libby Graham, heading to Dublin for a Film/ Video Production internship this summer!
Why is Carson Daly so dull?
Come on get some pizazz!!
The current version of Dick Clark has more energy.
thanks man.
Kids seemed excited about possibilities.
Want to try other classes, too.
What do u use to make video annotations?
Not you!!
G'night:
On the 4 I'm the only one up right now!
Lmao
Yay just hit my 400 follow!!!!
Ewok?
No way.
I'm bringing my Awok to this cookoff!
IMMA CANCER TOO!!!: My birthday is 2 days before yours3
I was gonna send you pics of my breakfast tacos...but I ate them too quickly.
Sorry.
FACT Here's what you need to know about MEN and SEX: mylikes
Metallic 5s, probably 7.5 to 8/10 condition.
Soles not yellowed but not icy blue either.
Listening to offers if anyone's interested
it was the GREATEST NIGHT of my LIFE!
me though
RT : Favorite doctor Seuss quote of all time, It is better to know how to learn than to know.
For everyone that knows my cat: she weighs 17.8 pounds
Studio time yeahh that happy friday to you all
Thank you, Bill for all your years of work on behalf of students at You will be missed!
is lucky to have you.
TURN THAT FROWN UPSIDE DOWN CLOWN
We had a fantastic shoot last weekend.
Thanks to everyone who helped out.
Now to start sorting through the footage!
possibly so, can you tell me more?
Thanks for the prayers.
Ginger's interview went well.
Should hear something next week.
Cont  Its a little sad and pathetic when some hasbeen is crying over technology and the future.
If you dont like it you Grandpa  poof!
Mailing a few promotional postcards today.
Let's fast forward to roughly 3pm when I will be blissfully perusing the shelves at the Daughters of St Paul bookstore.
Thanks, I especially like the quote: Judges arent comfortable viewing life as a form of damage
Still a few hours left to get 30 off!
Use coupon UPANdoctorNNING.
stomach pains coming back.
damn u stomach
My voice is sore.
Q5: Look forward to the sun  the end of each day.
Reflect on the energy of the new students  doctorw from that.
how have u been???
RT iBodyFit: MotivationalQuotes Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Samuel Johnson
On Twitter  FB you the best..the bravest in the real world you're the lamest..try mixing the two into reality
Someday, someone might come into your life and love you the way you've always wanted.
Love will come our way 2 FIX us when we're broken  we'll turn it away n attemps 2 fix ourSELVES not realizing we CAN'T b fixed without it.
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Me too.
Let's fight about portfolios.
I get it, I don't get it ,I don't get it !
saw them at InSounds office space Monday.
Wow.
Hubba.
Extreme.
'Verb.
Free Brews.
Free Love.
Cazzual.
Learning all about the farm life of Abernathy!
You have 4000 circles!!!!
I'm not sure who got more coffee on them, me or my laptop keyboard.
There's a lesson there somewhere.
jl
Follow  where Rock and Roll Royalty go for their guitar and concert gear art.
Damn sixers need more.heart than that!
Thank you for being my 2000th follower on Twitter!
I would love to send you a copy of my eBook on Sleep Deprivation.
Youmightbwahoodoctortif I hit it
The one thing I like about going to my grandpas doctor the medcine they give me !
so glad you are interested  email for more info
I miss both of you.
...pretty sure I just tracked dog shit onto the carpet during my audition.
now i'll be remembered as dog shit guy.
score!
you have got to be kidding me, girls are so strange, and vain.
Awesome  Congratulations!
Glad you like our best of Miami list on !
Any other hot spots you think we should add?
I still use that !
But I just made a mature email the other day lol
Why does every Philly sports team have different team colors?
Own the night like the 4th of July ...
Let me get my 6inch heels on so then you can appreciate me then :P
The Soppressatta Panini is the go to Sandwich for Today!!!
yummy...
The special Spicy Beef Salad is a life changer!!!
Thank you Nattha!
I'll see you for lunch again tomorrow bc now I'm obsessed!
What does a pig use to write his term papers with?Pen and Oink!
first comes heavy breathing, staring at the ceiling...what will happen next...i don't wanna know
You are the playmaker !!
Good morning Tweethearts!
LA is so beautiful this morning.
Every morning!
ObamaInHistory In the early years, Jesus frequently sought out Obama for advice.
congrats on the new job!
The CSBG committee meeting kicks off  10:15am.
Will you be attending?
in my best The Weeknd impersonation I got chuuuuu...
and you knw im always ready girl.
DDS Design Services is proud to announce it was awarded Chicago Home Improvement Magazine's Make Over of The Month for January / February.
Mole enchiladas  sausilito taco shop.
Sublime!
Got a new friend..
Politicians listen to people who give money or show up in their face.
Get off Facebook, get facetime  Darell Hammond,
: The only thing I miss about having tv is .
I knew you had good taste.
Code red WBA is in the buildikg RT : Tweeting in the white house, no big deal
Cannot wait for Uncle Sam to pay me back some of my !!
Lots of stuff I have to knock off my checklist!
After today all I want are the Smokies and Myles Heck,
Thank you for the FF!
Let me see
If the web is like a worldwide mind, what constitutes our worldwide heart?
You can Dance every Tuesday from 1PM to 4PM at American Legion Post 27, 920 Monroe Avenue 5.00/person.
Check out our first issue, transmission, coming soon for fall 2010.
: maybe Elway should send Knowshon to NE.
We would only get a few sets of shoulder pads in return.
LOL
Wow, it's been a year since my graduation from undergraduate...
Time has flown!
I love you too bro!!
We've come a long way...
And much to cover...but no worries, no fears...ready to Get to Thenextlevel :
will you please follow me?
:
I would rather spend a million hours in the library tonight than work.
So much to get through still
That awesome feeling when you pay off your last credit card.
Happy Halloween!
Off to a listing appt and then a preclosing walk through...
Busy day.
It's kind of becoming my ifyoureadonebookin2012 ...
book.
Why not Skyline Restaurant in Portland?
:
: Coolness Alert: Create your own iPhone App!
I want to send Mike Brown hate mail.
He's a terrible coach
Its not cool for you to approach me while I'm pumping gas and it look like you got a mouth full of wisdom teeth and puppy breath!
ATTENTION!!!
LIKE us on Facebook and be entered into our doctorwing for an iPAD2!!!
doctorwing will be announced on here in 72 hours!!!!
I wish tickets to see were cheaper!
I just spent 300.
That's a whole pay check!
if you follow me ill follow you ...i swear
Ain't thinkin bout you...
straight asshole I swear.
9 point lead at half.
Now I just need the Bulls to Closeout in the 2nd half unlike they've been doing thus far.
Day 2.
Getting my wind back!
Slow and steady!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
suddenly all over twitter.
He must have a new social media editor
Be jealous, I meet Austin 4 times, went to his concerts and take lots of photos.
YES, IN MY doctorAMS :
: Shouldn't Santa Claus make more appearances in the offseason?.
No because he is semi retired.
He doesn't need this shit
So sad to hear.
Was looking forward to meeting you there.
Good luck with everything though.
You still have the home opener!
everyone knows that rule.
I'm trying!
I MISS YOU TOO LADY BUG!
oh you did not dis the ICONics!!!!
The real question of the day is: how did I feature in your doctoram?
Hopefully with unicorns and rainbows.
Our rockstar bar BAMF has a whole legion of fans here representin' for Get Your Cocktails On at the Hard Rock ABQ!
hate that, makes me worry.
not ok
DAMN....
Another Loss...
smh ...
Had The Game..
We Let It slip...
We'll get him back in Game 3 back in L.A.
okay sounds good!
cant wait to get it...
i tryed to send u a DM back but couldnet sence you dont follow me :/
RT Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Martin Luther King  
SAVE THE DATE  JUNE 29  GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING AND NEW MEMBER ORIENTATION  NBMBAAMILWAUKEE CHAPTER  more details to come
Will YOU see snow in the morning?
Russ, Brenda and got you covered on starting at 6am!
Stay warm friends!
sadly getting a.handle on how much it costs to do most things I'm our district is my greatest challenge
Hey, you.
Yeah you ; follow my Instagram?
CurseTheVengeance Let's just say, I'll love you forever..
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked ?
oh, that's an easy one: where's the body?
ugh.
doctorves me crazy...
really really crazy.
Like really crazy...
RT : Sleep is my doctorg.
My bed is my dealer.
My alarm is the cops.
Class is the jail.
Feels good being home!
Had a pretty good day today!
ok thank you!
O, I can get that...I kno women can get alota grungy when they wana!
Not 2 b mean but their's som roads I jus don't follow!!!
Okay.
Thanks for the awesome tip!
ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo not giving a fuck when u really should
After that speech, President Paul is trending worldwide.
Freedom is popular, don't you know that?
Bad doctorw for Indiana....they dont want to play Wichita St, let alone Kentucky
Makes foul balls fair...
with his mind.
true!
Also MinimallyLighted Voudon.
haa ok its more like 5 then and yes he is.
Thanks for the RT Raul.
In math!!
Ehehe
Welp I have a final at 945 and a presentation at 1045...
Which one to study for!?
I gotta get me some of that for my new place!
Hey email/message/call me.
We need to talk spring baseball!
Yay!
A wee royalty check in mail box this morning!
is finally deducting taxes for me.
Just in time for visit to the accountant!
Proofreading matters.
I just received an email that I've won the London Olympics.
Er...I think he meant to say Lottery.
We're at the SFnewtech women in tech event!!!
Come find us, we'd love to meet you :
Yes!
Which is why the disappointed tone from left critics seems misplaced.
Nobody hates software more than software verifiers.
will b there tomorrow; trying to boost the intensity
it would definitively part of your own stream.
Positive.
If you join, I will totally organize a PDAC event to come cheer you on.
With butterbeer.
RT I'm open to anything where people on foot who are texting are getting in the way, being a hazard.
U know a pissed cyclist?
WhyDoiAlways feel hungry and/or tired
Now available for commercial work in San Francisco Bay Area.
i miss you ma!!
haha eyy i got so much to tell u:
no I didn't I said that I liked both zayn and.niall and I didn't care which one I got.
So technically I didn't say that
Murray is so amazing.
His speech was great and made me sad, yet excited.
Congrats to Archaeology Club for being named Club of the Year!
We're very proud:
Hoping that 2012 brings an end to chillwave tmz and
Howdy, need to ask a favor: I am trying to get demographics for the folks that bought my book, as it seems that there is transparency.
Help?
oh god.
yup.
check out He's an awesome artist and a rising star in the pro artist scene!
Great style!
it's pretty awesome!
Even tho I'm pretty new to his stuff.
watching grey ghosts on the internets.
Its in your head...
RT : How is my injection starting to hurt.
AGAIN.

ShitMattSays Turns out that peace has a fucking terrible lobby.
It's time to bid!
auction starts soon at CoSN12, proceeds support
Watching the runaways
We're going to have a great time :
is coney crashing twitter?
now at least i have a reason to tweet.
coney!!!
Fractionating of development for mobile devices is a royal pain
UPCOMING SHOW: Thursday, Aug.
12 at 8pm at UCBLA.
Spread the word!!!
Three day  5 party weekend!
Insanity starts at 8pm.
If you are a couple that swings this is where you want to be.
Live band, Pig Roast, Sex
Shameful...track 'em down, make 'em pay!
today was fun with ..
i love her house it's so awesome !: just need some btr posters hahah jkk ..
Today was cool:
Coming to Saint Joe's this sat.
You need anything?
the crib Wat up
Happy Cinco De Mayo!
I'm not sure, but something tells me 140 characters might not be enough for you.
Am I wrong?
Constantly lying to get your way
should we go to bed now?
Off days, while good for the team, make Ben sad.
No Thunder tonight either :
LOL, i don;t know why but people are scared of my dad, he's cool and shit,
haha yeah the park  stuff?
haha
I don't know who the special guy will be but I plan on loving hard....I'm planning on loving you hard!!
hey everytime the Lakers score I feel like me and you are yelling at the same time!!!
Thanks so much, misterPenguin!
We're very fond of your species.
if you're going to spend that type of money there're a lot better cigars available
We should trend
dude i swear , this girl is pissing me off , shes just mad cause she cant accept the fact that she got in trouble on her own
Lots of product placement : blah blah blah brand blah blah blah brand blah blah brand brand :P
GO NY!!
and no didn't : my parents wouldn't let me.
they don't trust me to go into nyc on my own.
RT : Remember when they used to talk about a constitutional amendment to allow Arnold to run for president?
best show on network tv behind modern family.
Step up you humor game!
Out shopping this afternoon for a new purse!
What color should I buy for spring?
I love my mustang!
I think we're about to get something else though.
We need something bigger.
Sports Authority calls me into work Thursday.
Which is extra money but I wish they called me in today!
I dont wanna go home!
Good night bro!
so great seeing you guys on the stage again u killed it!
I bet you can't even sleep!
lol
canucks blackhawks what were they looking at
BizVertizing.
Advertising, for more than what it's worth..!
Mark your calendars for Bead Fest Philly, August 2023!
Many fabulous classes still available!
i like her hair.
lol
Eric Northman, you sexily gorgeous man..
What's in it?
hi!
Can u follow me?
Please and thank you!
: bye!
:
hth2012 Good conf.
but highly academic.
Wish more software developers, NGOs here.
Could give good thinking in Web, design, engagement
What is a topic you'd like to see us blog about?
Let us know!
Your wish is our command!
Have you always wanted to learn how to swing dance?
Come in at 8 tonight for some lessons, no partner needed!
Martinez the govt is working w/ PTSD victims, not to help but to cure them enough to send them back to war
true indeed brother true indeed
New Music/Tour schedule/Music Video's comming soon
The moment when you are on the highway and the otherside that you aren't on is in a traffic jam and then you like : You are TIGHT!!!!
lol
ok, somebody needs to just make a film called Coachella.
let's get it over with.
Diego Luna directs.
Agyness Deyn, Joseph GL  we're done.
I'm so excited for our shindig tonight!
:P
Why do people hate Friday the 13th?
I was born on the 13th, pretty lucky for me!
Okay, flu virus, I get it, you can hang in against my immune system for a week and counting, ha ha, you got me.
WELCOME to WWVC!
We hope you enjoy your conference experience, and look forward to seeing you!
RT : Thanks very much for sharing our news!
Our pleasure!
cc:
did you just join twitter?
how would you know if i said before we started talking?
YoMommaSoFat thr army stole her underwear to use as parachutes.
thanks!
I like yours too!
Haha :
wait, what?
But you're canceling all those flights out of Milwaukee??
thx so much for kind tweet about my luncheon preso last Thurs : It was an infopacked event w in tow :
flight to Montana with Startup Nation!
I saw that very same candy canestriped shirt at KG the other day.
put your hand on her thigh.
Simply the best.
Q.
What did Adam say to Eve?
A.
Stand back, I don't know how big this thing gets!
Memories they soon delete
they've all walked by already
Idk what it is about working out, but I feel much betta
Sometimes I wish Chick Fil A had secular hours.
lol
Outside..: looking prettyhheheee
July 17, 1941  Joe DiMaggio's consecutive game hitting streak ends at 56.
Joe went 03 against the Cleveland Indians in Cleveland.
hi kyrs deuces
A closed mouth doesn't get fed, speak up!
MappingAuschwitz2012 getting ready for flash event Friday int'l Holocaust remembrance day.
Text mapla to 25827
This earth is a vast harmonic wave system that is built and sustained by unheard music.
Corinne Heline
Awww!
What a doll!
He's such a big boy!
I'm not just jelly...IM FREAKING GRAPE JELLY!!!
lol idk
you don't need to get me NOTHIN ;
I KEEP SAYING IMA DO IT BUT THEN SOMETHING ELSE ALWAYS COME UP.
why do you girls do that?
What RU planning for EarthDay in April?
That look on a girls face when she thinks she'll never forgive you...
still painful...very painful
oh no.
Your crazy.
sent a dm to your dad, , but we'd love to be interviewed!
contact me directly at .
On pp.
4445 of today's NY Daily News, two stories: my feature on the Grammy cuts controversy, and a professorle on Miguel Zenon.
Ain't that the truth.
Yes I am married to the man.
: Thanks for the support.
Hopefully you'll get a kick out of his latest.
It releases tomorrow.
Hunter smash!
Coffee.
It's what's for breakfast.
And lunch.
And dinner.
I'm campaigning for an showroom in the Highlands or NuLu.
Good idea, right?
Jezebel and Project Rungay.
Photoshopped models and January Jones' bad wardoctorbe choices  news that matters to me.
it starts at 7th and goes to 12th :
Can't believe I'm in a tshirt already!!
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 7
RT Our character is basically a composite of our habits.
Stephen Covey
their fried chicken is pretty good
I understand:
I still have to watch the live chat.
My friend was one of the ones who went.
I was on my way to kiss studios during the chat.
x
: ya like this weekend!
I'm going to NYC Sunday till tues so maybe Saturday night In!
Today is Tweed Day and Don't go to Work Unless it's Fun Day.
No, we're not kidding.
Sketch Up breaks less hearts.
RT :Leaving my friends watching the Phils to go do comedy.
Sketch Up at here I come
That movie was so good.
Nuff said.
I wish he had a twitter.
Oh he does.
Oh he hasn't tweeted in 2 months.
Screw you...cause I still care.
RT :Georgia has what Hemingway calledthat devotion to stern justice of men dealing in death without being in any danger of it.
Had such an amazin day today
thanks!
I believe it was the publisher and author's response to some feedback on the original.
I appreciate your support!
Indeed it was a party with Shaun tonight.
Good meeting you!
One month anniversary today .
3 she makes me so happy:D 3 fuckyeah3
haters only hate cause they cant handle all the class3
is staying home with a sick little boy today
So, tomorrow I guess I will forget about ILike and just put them on my website like before.
No Wonder nobody is recording them!
Crap I say
It wasn't fun  But a woman gotta do what she has to do.
Once a year so I'll be cool for a while lol.
Is Social Media Playing a Role in a Global Power Revolution?
hope this is ur official twitter..Big fan that use to watch ur show on mtv a long while ago!
You rock!
Just finished a graphic project for the Pristine Empire graphic sale.
If we look to bigtime college sports coaches to be molders of young men, I despair for the future of American masculinity.
If u don't have kids when u were a kid how old were u or how did u find out your parents were Santa?
What is everyone saying about LeBron?
WWW.USSportspages.com
If you're a noncreative and have to work with creatives, we have an event for you.
March 13th.
Stay tuned for more details.
Thank you Vanessa for the refollowing.
Have a Blessed Sunday evening.
lol ok n im finna find u
I don't understand why people don't like beer, its so refreshing.
If Tannehill somehow lasted till freaking 37 I'd still be pissed if the Browns took him.
Gimme a break w this Tannehill talk.
Charlotte, North Carolina
whats up?
I'm a huge fan.
Who is ur fav person to perform in the ring with?
FBCD!!!
15 bagger from here!!!
PROMO STARTS TODAY.
Stock of the year right here IMO.
doctorpped my ear bud in an open cup of coffee!
Not a great start o the day..
nope don't want that we fans hate Man u, next week champions league during pole day uggg.
Today in Literary History: On May 14, 2006 Stanley Kunitz died in NYC.
Last day of ISTE.
So little time, so much to do...
That's Albuquerque cush,that's only the finest.Now,shut up,and smoke my weed!
lol RT : Powers out.
Sitting in the dark playing AngryBirds by candlelight...
This must be what it's like to be Amish.
I'm in DC.
Haha
how easy is it to forget the non self serving stuff when we pray?
tell your mom I said happy birthday!!
your picture makes you look fat like me.
new avi is gorgeous!
Day 15: Bay View
wow say ih ng the exact same thing as me yeah ur cool :
: did you cry?
why does everyone hate alyssa milano she isn't doing anything bad sheesh guys
some topics open a can of worms and unless you are planning on fishing for awhile, opening that can was a waste.
yeah they are.
I down my shots till they disappear
Brodeur picks off a puck at center ice with 6 seconds left and scores with 0.04....70 Maineiacs Just silly.
That's 31G for Brodeur.
When one pushes back a meeting, doesn't that mean they plan to go back in time?
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe.
You think you're cute, you think you're classy.
Reality check: you're really trashy:
I hope your reading this tweet outside while enjoying this beautiful Saturday!!
Well one last tweet, GO NUGGETS.
wish would follow me : !!
he dont know how much i love him3
Avengers Assemble!
yes!
i'm doing the same, now that i've managed to fix my injured computer.
RIP hard doctorve 20092011.
also, doctornks soon?
Weightloss and fitness motivations can include getting married.
What motivates you?
Man, crazy wind is CRAZY.
My humidor won't stay at 70 relative humidity.
This sucks!
Those are reported incidents, so I assume there are more, unknown.
Still, something I'll keep in mind next time I write.
Anyone else have odd people all w/accts.
established Sept.
19, spouting pointless quotes, suddenly following you?
If you suffer from jetlag, follow and send her an  to ask her for her amazing remedy!
Why do those wanting to punish minors as adults never argue for their citizenship rights?
Excellent.
Who knows what's already stored about me but at least I can stop Google from archiving any more hobo murders.
Don't mistaken friendly for flirting....That's how u get ya feelings hurt!
jojo needs to come out with another song
Thanks!
Seems to be the favorite.
charlie murphy can tell good stories lol
Just followed my bestie her stupid twitter wont let her follow me ugh
FF beauty editors  can't wait to meet w/ u next month!
I'd rather lose to you in an argument, than lose you to an argument.
hahaha at least the explanation would be out there.
I love the breakdown of the video though.
So transparent.
I'm sorry..is it because u didn't get a pony?
;
I'm happy to take all the windpowered power ND can send us.
They can keep their coal.
And NDSU.
Having dinner outside on the last day of winter.
If only would deliver a beer from across the street.
;
Just got out of a meeting with Al Gore, he says my farts are ruining the ozone.
I am suppose to hold them in now.
It's 2012 we have  not  .
My bad to the people with andoctorids who only see blocks hahaha
Ok, let's start off with the state of Iowa...
Hey brenda are we going to see you at the show on April 14th in Baltimore??
IS EVERYBODY WATCHIN THE GAME
You're always there to point out my mistakes and shove them in my face
Would love to learn what you guys are up to and see if there are some opps to work together in some capacity.
6 to 7 hours left until home
Saga tonight!
Ill be live in the mix all night long if ur still in SA!
Make ur way out there gonna be crazy!
Live Latin Music in Santa Fe Saturday Night!
Nosotros Live  El Farol Saturday 1/28!
Just got a brand new piercing, brand new tat, 95 dollars for this weave plus tax.
I am very sleepy and not at all ready for it to be Monday
Thanks EVERYONE for the ff followfriday LOVE !!
I would like to own an original Delaware before this shit hits the fan.
I love a good pedicure in the morning.
How's your Saturday night going so far???:
That is good to know...hm.
I'm all for pop media but I do worry when the mediocre doctorwns out the great.
:/
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 24
Send prayers out to those who experienced damage or emotional strain during the storm...
Anyone have cliff notes for Sabina Spielrein's Destruction as a Cause of Coming into Being?!
This is my 3rd time thru  it aint any easier:
I can't wait!
No seriously.
Getting a head start on my commute now.
RT : making s'mores brownies to bring to work tmister!
It's awful when you no the truth and don't want to except it.
Yeah.
You got a problem?
the new site is so lovely 
Great, thank you!
Fueling your workouts: PreWorkout intake.
Be sure to eat an hour to an hour and a half prior to working out.
Bad Girls club luv that
Here's what's cookin': new music  writing a feature  Increase Our Bust Comedy vids  writing solo musical comedy material  :0
A smile confuses an approaching frown.
omg glee was like woa
Lol well fuck it.
I knew this niggah was gna win.
That's why I aint have my hopes up for Cotto to get the decided W
Girl just gimme a sign!
Oops, misread our roundup.
That 230 game was in girls lax, not soccer.
Phew.
same.
Bored of school.
What state are you in again ?
Back to the wack
get ready for our submission!
Getting my hair cut, FINALLY then lunch then work for the night xD good day?
Seems obvious to me the Browns doctorfted Brandon Weeden because they wanted to bring in an older guy to mentor Colt McCoy.
The Mets are 40 baby!
BOYFRIEND 10minutes !!
Can't wait !!!
:D
Do you have a website up?
A real doctorg.
I've been avoiding, trying, hoping ...
and avoiding.
: Iraqi Congress discussing smoking ban on public places.
As if there were no more important issues fail Fo reals!
I don't think the inlaws would appreciate me ditching them for a tweet up!
Are you going to tomorrow night?
Remember that our sons and grandsons are going to do things that would stagger us.
damn baby your just too cute :
Thanks to my protest buddy , I'm finally following you.
Thanks for all your good work.
Class all day, library all night.
when is the panel discussion!?
we all need to meet up one night soon.
pinktaco?
I KICK ARSE AT WUTHERING HEIGHTS DANCE
: aw Kate your the best and Teddi rocked my new color!!!
thanks Kim!
Hope you love your hair!!
Xo
...
it's a wonderful experience that every participant will enjoy.
Highly recommended!
sorry I was doctorving and didn't mean to push answer and then I was gonna call you back but I got home.
Come over!!!!
Broken Crown is so proud to be named Best in Hard Rock by the OEA Awards.
Thanks to all the people who voted, and all of our fans!!!
Love LIfe, live it up 3
haha yes!!!!!
I'm so excites:
NP: Kid InkTime of your life

Friend us at www.myspace.com/silentbobbandofficial
Wow.Our beloved field has so many approaches that it's tough to find that place where we all meet.
nun much n miss u 2
Felix Jones or Tim Hightower ?
I'm already starting Rex G over Romo.
I'm a straight up bitch on Friday mornings, if you make me get up this early to go these pointless classes I have every right to be.
I haven't felt this shitty in a long time.
Birthday was a success :
Thank you for that :
We serve Beer and Wine.
Really excited for MLG Raleigh and the new announcement of Heroes of Newerth for the Circuit!!
iLove My Grandmother.
She's not even a Gangsta,  she's still Gangsta..
And the sun's gone that's it!
I'm moving to Cali
: Cool project!!
Thanks!
Love the stuff on your site, too!
Worth a shot, right?
:
Hey Lee, would love to chat with you  can use some of your insights re: IM  MLM.
Thank God!
It's been 2 days since I've done it.
i'm giving myself a few more doctorving down Park Ave in the roc is the scary part
That's a good point.
I just hope they're not trying to cash in on the Natalie Portman connection with the male readership.
Call if you need us!
Bass and Bradley saw our conversation earlier.
He looks like the best player out there every time he takes the field.
heading to bed...
going to wake up at 7:00 am.
Talk to you all then...
PEACE....
:
People tell me I look like Selena Gomez .
Hahah what
Success is doing what you want to do, when you want, where you want, with whom you want, as much as you want
I hope you are having a good time and making something special for your reunion!!!!!!We have been waiting lot of tiime for this
Jordan Hill just let himself get bullied by a 510 PG
psh false statement !
they say 2 b the best in what u do, u gotta work the hardest..being successful isn't magic is just hard work
IMHO, I always contend that RB never recovered from disco.
good!
What about you?
M...
Breakfast tacos until 11 am
I gotta sex doctorve push to start.
;
Motion on the floor at occupyoakland for a general strike in oakland on november 2, subject to 90 approval of those present.
I put your magazine in the freezer next to the chips.
its always great up there
good luck tomorrow!
I'll be watching and screaming and trying to look professorssional out West at a PDX KU bar: ROCKCHALK!
I get that, but still a good defender at the toughest OF position.
I say he should be in.
Just me though.
Mike and mad dog back for a few mins ....
Tremendous
Team Edward or Team Jacob?
About to straighten my hair : yay!
Sometimes, i have learned by accident, literally; 1 time i was boxed n during a high speed downhill run; i made four turns 2 avoid every1
Always up too late, facebooking and listening to music.
Love songs, tonight.
UFC veteran and Ultimate Fighter 12 alumni 73 pro will be fighting Robert Owens 82 pro in the main event
hey thanks let me kno if u would like to work
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
Yes Isaiah, it's because you're black haha :
Seeing so many boats on trailers coming home from work today its like I'm on the lake
Sex is always the answer, it's never a question, cause the answer's yes.
Never changin a thing
Bro Came in KMart with a Dirty Mink Coat  White Powder on his Mustache like.....Oo.....
BIG night for football in Seattle!
Might not be the best game of the week, but it's MNF nonetheless!
i know.
me too.
metoo.
RT search for other lifeforms aaron.tv via i wish more people were on :
Random acts of kindness are underrated.
Do 1 today!
Miami Dolphins Logos  National Football League  Chris ...
Jenna sucks!!!!
Bo
upgrade the rental to a mustang for only 10 more?
well sure!
Watchin face off....
Good show holy crap!
Something Corporate at the Fillmore Detroit, Aug.
2010!
Making toast with the oven cuz the toaster is broken lol
Fish farming in a highrise world  BBC News
I love it!
cheers!
Have a great weekend
Ah, I see!
That makes sense.
Thanks!
plz don't shut me sir plz don't :
Anthony: Kind of like the force....
RT : Someone just subscribed to my FriendFeed.
WTF is a FriendFeed
I wish.
No Xbox anymore.
Broke for good:
you got Daddy Long Legs 30/1 odds good luck!!!
haha its okaai loser you still made my day..3
ha; E/INTJ's have all the fun
u is on a role tonite ; lovin ya tweets hun!
im really feelin ya tweets tho
aw don't worry tomorrow we'll spend all of class together.
Why you gotta where yo sunday clothes on wednesday lol
Kobe was 21 yrs old when he got married.
Chalk it up as young and dumb.
After court he will be old and feeling dumb.
CUz he needs help.
Funniest: Despite her Australian accent, her figures of speech and general method of elocution was easy to understand ...
1/2
Digital Age.
Teach, Trade, heal and enjoy them all
I just noticed that I burned off some of my hair this morning.
Um...
Lol.
Ghost :O
I'm gonna miss 106 tomorrow because I have a hair appt....good thing I have a DVR tho!
Congratulations to Dave Casper of St.
Edward Central Catholic HS  Chilton HS on making College Football Hall of Fame
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt // rt
new keys setup for warped tour, gunna be sick!
Watching doctorve.
I like it.
It makes me wanna move to LA, get involved with it's unconventional underbelly, and have things end badly.
doctoraming of warm weather, palm trees, and big city life.
thanks guys!
Appreciate all the support!
Up early  got some good work done.
It's amazing how doable work seems when I'm not trying to balance the Summer Inst with everything else.
goodmorning cruel world  AP test here I come
Happy birthday!
getting ready to fly to Dallas for this salvation army interview.
Dood, graduation is today and I'm still in bed.
One of my Favs
Chris Lowery out at SIU.
Remember when he was one of the hottest coaching names in the biz just a few years back?
Cruel professorssion.
thank you!
: Yeah!
If Bo Ryan hadn't come calling, Our Hero probably would have gone to Rutgers.
Admit it: Garden State Gasser would have been a cool nickname.
CHECK RICK ross live in DALLAS MAY13th...
Team USA had an AWESOME game!
Congrats to Japan ...you're bringing good news to your country at a time when you need it most.
favorite team growing up?
The entire series has been so far.
waiting to see if they do a movie.
Excited about my school's new tech acquisition, so jealous I have to wait my turn for the official training!
I wish!
Very kind if you sirs!
: are you at ?
Would love to buy you a beer!
Only can make a green bandana on your head look sexy 3
Shall we stop looking at life as a problem to be solved?
And start looking at life as a reality to be experienced!
Beginning of the end senior :
I should have gone to the gym today.
I didn't.
Totally slept in.
Now i'm kinda feeling guilty.
Me and pondering a trip to see in Hotlanta fourthofjuly..oh and Coldplay will be there too;
Try trusting him for once., and let him be who he is, quit trying to change him to please yourself.
Congrats to Graig Markel on an outstanding release party!
sorry to hear that :.
I guess everyone has their own way to give.
Exactly.
That kind of behavior should be reserved for the bar.
Warren Buffett has succeeded in seriously tarnishing his reputation since 2000.
He is more interested in politics than sound thinking.
What's the skinny?
You in town this weekend?
It should, but check your syllabus.
Groaking is act of watching people eat food hoping they'll offer you some.
Sorry you have to go through this at every meal.
follow me back then
Relo to Richmond, Va in May: hubby attending VCU OT school; looking for jobs in healthcomm, CME, socialmarketing or similarDM me
thanks my woman 3 :
We could even get crazy and do Ding's Dock canoes!
not above certain elevations.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU MOMS OUT THERE!
How'd it take me so long to start listening to ?
Any ideas on where we should play our next show?
I wanna go back to LA so freaking bad.
ItGetsMeMadWhen guys don't know their
if a girl got her own job make her own money pay her own bills got her own house nd dnt need no nigg
Poop fest yet again finalsroundtwo ; I apparently need to stop eating buttonfireeee 
im finna get high, fuck stress.
def checking it out!
My stretch marks r mostly 30 yo can it help?
Oh  loose skin?
Ppl will wanna know!
This!
you can't hang.
An immediate karmic payback for my snippiness five minutes ago.
I deserve it.
My Black Ops Is So Slow Now :
Now we're talking!
I'm not the type to complain about work, but back to back to back to back 18hr.
days is a bit much.
:/
He is also so obnoxious
I'm here and ready to go!!
Yes!
come to DAM and let's meet up.
Can't wait to see you.
Call me and we'll figure out deets.
Chelsea Lately now
Dance first.
Think later.
Its the natural order.
Samuel Beckett
But start salivating: Gun Crazy tonight with Peggy Cummins in attendance.
The noir style done in style by TCM!
oh right ok, say I have heard the name Ryan Sykes too:L x
YAY!
I'll see you there.
And hopefully we'll be screening FeastoftheFoolish at as well!
I cannot accept that flares/bellbottoms are back in style.
It reminds me too much of when I was 13.
I only go with theeye test.
People that played in my lifetime.
Otherwise I'm going on other people's opinions
It's the Ides of March.
Both my brother and I have out birthday on the day that Ceasar was killed.
Et tu, brute?!
I've noticed so many artists working with videogameinspired imagery.
Writer friend is putting his stories inside game worlds
Exciting group trip to Jamaica.
Who's ready?
NegrilOchoRiosMontego Bay
: Erbody ass look big when they put it on a sink Ijs
by where?!
Bets are on to see who stays the longest.
Just got this....awesome!
MON Lunch Salad Special:Baby Arugula in a Pesto Buttermilk doctorssing w/Oven Roasted Tomatoes, Shaved Prosciutto Americano, Toasted Pine Nuts
An email with a shipping quote to Canada was sent to you Lynn.
Let us know if you have any other question.
Thanks
RT So excited for Friday!
titanic popcorn girlsnight WOO!
Solid!
Right On!
Ok so my localhost dev area in Wordpress just started throwing a crap load of errors saying their code is deprecated?
Uh k No its not.
Dalton39;s Four Principles,is the law of the magi that applies and make ...
i will NEVER doubt you, i will NEVER hate you, I will NEVER lose hope!: You do so much for us  i appreciate it!
iloveyou !3
NFL's portly, unkempt coaches should pay attention to the fit, well doctorssed college hoops coaches in the NCAA tournament.
Be a role model!
Next week is the last half off dinner on Mon  Tues at The Clifton Inn.
If you have not been  its a really great deal.
Friday Night Lights is on TNT right now.
I cannot escape this franchise.
Sometimes all you need is a second chance, because time wasn't ready for the first one.
Yeah' thats true ..
Thx!
RT After the Free Throw Guy interview i'm now following
I do not.
Get paid.
Enough.
For this.
shit.
Wow WMYB just comes on the radio the same time it comes up on my iPhone hahaha 333333
very true I trusted him to take me to movies I could actually watch.
NOT any more :
how u today
BOOM!!!
great seeing you today my homie!!!!
epichits!
Thanks !!
What's going on tomorrow 4 u?!?
what happened can u tweet a link?
Was there a football game yesterday?
Oh, another hohum pro bowl....why do they even bother?
Thanks for following, Stan.
Honored!
I feel that way about The Phantom Tollbooth.
Last Night was a cool night for Karaoke!
Thanks to all who came in and sang!
I'll never be what you want .
u no I will ur lyk my big brother
fantastic!
linking mail chimp to twitter actually worked.
i 3 social media!
Still working through Calvin's Institutes.
Never thought something so classical/academic could be so devotional as well.
So rich.
I may have confused myself.
I got it nowbut still, the workforce is only smaller because people have given up trying.
What a beautiful morning in Reno....
okay, except for the cutting wind, chance of more snow, and crazy doctorvers.
But otherwise  beautiful.
I think channel 192 is the nhl radio.
the problem is she doesn't have anything interesting to say
thanks for the RT!
Me too lol
You ain't tryna love me, baby, just fuck me instead.
I'm good...trying to nap but there are SO MANY THINGS HAPPENINGS
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
C.
S.
Lewis
: I'm glad to be a part of this.
And witness you live out life.
woo hoo thank you for that up date.
Ready for this weekend with NATO and of coarse the crosstown classic?
Earlier I stood in line behind 2 women that were smoking .
.
.
at the gas station.
They didn't buy any gas.
Just more cigarettes and candy.
keep your head up...
6flags saturday??
You going?
my friend at school is mad at me I don't give a fuck I don't like her ass anyway, I hope she stays mad at me FOREVER.
fine u
whatnottowear plaid and stripes.
Hello Friday.
You are looking better than we remember...
plus from how u fitting that doctorss up top..U gets props!!!
goodnight twitter family
has the best spirit and creativity of any contestant on the show.
Chad is sweet but just to old school and phi phi is rude
hahah I was thinking that as I typed to tweet
RT lets get down?!
Yes please!
Rogues Gallery MKE is the spot!
RT : The new attention span is just 9 seconds  scary or not?
If you have the most fascinating option, it's not.
dont make me cry JUST DA BITCHES
took you long enough !
:
if you've never been you should def check out instameet on Monday night!
Why do Portuguese institutions behave as if the internet hadn't evolved since 1998?
If they acknowledge its existence at all.
Oxy Mo: Partial Solution
hell yea!
Grandsons' sleepover includes Wendy's for supper and Doctor Who marathon!
: just ate dinner.
A huge steak.
Nothing else.
And that's what my paleo parents ate most nights too.
Later, a few almonds...
The South Asian author panel was one of the best I attended!
haha your guess is as good as mine.
I'm with you on the laundoctor!
My couch is full of satisfying stacks Now!
yeah I had no idea!
So basically last half hour and I finished day 2 with 159.1k coming back to 1500 3000 200 tomorrow at 11am.
Rt 30 to UTC Bus 348 doctorver at 16:10 asked passenger to tone down the language.
Much appreciated after several miles of foul words.
Happy Friday!
MT Gr8t seeing you lovely pr ladies at
Yooo u was doing the MOST LAST NIGHT
Studio visit morning.
Lincoln Center luncheon  NOLA artist talk afternoon.
lol it says, Good morning!
today is a fresh new day!
Live life grand
haha its alright and well I'm bout to be 16 so your really not offx
Stillness is the move...like the fog
Just found out im up for a great indie film LOADED.........Great script..great role!
MyLastWishFor2011 That We didn't have to go out  celebrate with the rest of the world...
We can lay up, watch T.V  just chill
That awkward moment when you have porn stars following you.
on oovoo with 
Yea kunitz.....get that little bitch
jesus christ your phone system is so aggravating!
it's like you want people to use my lost debit card :
Officially Three More Months ..
:
My mom won't buy me anything cuz she said I owe her 100.

I could never be with a boring person
I am the last of my kind.
lol true pixel mastery is when the client doesn't complain
Gotta love Adele!
The exhibition opens on Oct.16, hope to see you in the Museum soon!
this kid talks way to much.
i'm gonna kill him .
When you have a need that pops up, reach out to those in your network to see if they or someone they know can help you fulfill it.
Facebook gamers who spend money average about 29 monthly, more than freetoplay game spenders via ...
Recommendations on Austin based dataviz folks to follow?
Would love to see a FF on a Wed!
Hahahaha!
Well I always be worrying and thinkin bout you playa.
Clearly the disturbances on the surface or Mars and the crash/explosion outside Princeton are unrelated.
Today I am determined not too be bored as hell like yesterday.
Not everything is about you.
Well, except this.
This is definitely about you.
/via
California love for Andoctor
Just spilled a bunch of mac 'n cheese everywhere and then remembered the Challenger explosion :
best freshman he has seen this year
Whereas when King tosses off bad sentences/dialogue  which he does all the time  it's at least hilarious.
12 more likes until 11,000!
That's awesome!
Oh my.
I really hope reconsiders these ridiculous graphics and simulations next time around.
Most of them look silly.
I'm not one of your random followers.
I paid you for a service.
Where's the customer service?
All the boys that I have a crush on is a lie.
Its just things that could take my mind off of you.
Jealous great shot!
Silver Stars come out playing strong defense, lead Sparks 132 in Los Angeles.
I worked for a liberal Dem in Congress and usually think that way.
I just like people to agree on facts.
If it ain't Frank's RedHot hot sauce or Tabasco sauce...I can't fck wit it!
This!
When i looked they had 180 RT : wtf has over 1k?
they had 200 last night.
UNFOLLOW.
what are you doing?!?
Really disappointed Milwaukee isn't showing better support for small businesses in food trucks.
Love those guys!
only if you give him 3 seasons to get to that total.
Lazy city workers?
That's as unheard of as never auditing city budgets here...
Rich pickings from a beautiful mind  The Australian
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
It's national smug selfrighteous hypocrisy day, right?
Oh yeah I saw on FB....
I remember he used to be dancing back in the day lol
Extra innings at Progressive Field on Opening Day.
Game tied at 4 heading into the 10th.
M Spicy Lavender Chai for a chilly Seattle morning
I just read that someone wants LMFAO to make a Christmas album.
That is what's wrong with the world.
Three Clubs in HTown this wknd!
On a talking trolley tour in DC
,I thought you were mad at me so i started freaking out ,i love you mother fucker!
: 3
: Players need to understand that talent is a gift; but attitude, focus, spirit, discipline, and character are choices!
breaking out the big Fantasy guns this week for East Lake: Donald, D.
Johnson, Day, Scott, Simpson, Senden, Rose, Haas
awe imma go crazy if she die or my momma
Doing truth or dare with is fucking hilarious.
Some boy bought a grown pitbull and told me he bought it for me.
No you did not.
I don't want that thing.
Pick up your copy today, you'll be glad you did!
idk ill make another one later with the same name
Sexy hot Jon Bon Jovi had the 1 hit on this day in Blaze of Glory.
Serie is serieifying micheal in wii cheer.
Serieified is her word of the day.
Wow, tough question.
I have them stacked on top of each other.
With Burress slightly getting the nod.
If PPR I go AJ though
not river north.
Hahaha
Andoctorid batteries die out so fast.....
For some reason I kinda want to install FreeBSD 9 on my netbook, just to try it out...
Sounds like a fun little weekend project!
avery is my inspiration.....
boo your the life,breath,and sense to anything going on in my life: i love u:
Oh we had a deal you would pay me every time I mention you in a tweet!
Gimme my money!
M...
all I need now is a Blatz reference, and my evening is complete!
yeah....
it's because we're boys...
I think you can be excused.
;
We know..if it isnt some extremely explicit, out the box, dirty disgusting reference to sex, u aren't interested.
U amaze me kid
SHOUT OUT TO OUR INSPIRATION
Thanks for that.
Did you see all of the new ones?
Working on Darth Maul these days.
We get it bro, you doctorve a Mustang.
So are you still here?
xo
It's not where you are, but who you're there with.
Ghostbusters?
: You know what I'm watching?
I'll give you a hint.
There's something strange...
for real like there are other sports lol
Every time I read our old conversations, I realize how close we used to be.
What three animals do you have?
lol heres your daily tweet from me: I GOT U TO CRACK UP IN EARTH SCIENCE!!!
The only way to get God's results, is to do things God's way!
I fucking hate my life right now
i like your pic the knicks with you
My Cox internet service this week isn't.
This company has really gone down hill!
whooopsies.
Time to stop opening my tweet mouth so fast.
It's like I'm really playing Bioshock.
Q: What are some of your favorite localization tools?
Sincewebeinghonest I knew you were a waste of time.
Thanks for all your support  whoever showed up tonight!
Rondo for CP3?
What's your take Delonte?
what are you doing tomorrow my sheep
deliberate antagonism!
typical Can I get an amen?
i know lml
RT : oh whats this..dustin brown and the kings doing work?
who woulda thought this?
oh yeah thats right, ME!
casual forehead hicky
Why would you do such a thing
12 more days till i can see my brother
they're trading your WHOLE team.
thanks for the heads up!
we will be sure to look into it!
:
I'm done with douche bag guys realmen?
Loving David Lankes' tweets about school librarians/libraries.
Sorry I missed him when he came to Pitt last September.
Life would be better if we all just trusted in the Lord...
I have emerged into me again!
Beware of the refreshed me.
Question for guys: Which is worst your spouse telling you about the sex they use to have w/ someone or meeting someone your spouse dated?
RT : once you set up a strategy and create systems you can ride off into the sunset  organizational management  yes bubu!
Refrain so you can stay employed
I like it when I'm the only one home
I'm not dissing.
I'm just surprised.
Haha
Did they explain how you were nominated to carry the Olympic torch?
Thank you!
RT : Congrats to the fabulous for scoring her first TV segment for The Cupcake Store!
I really need the Clippers to close this game out so I can go 2 bed .
Great quarterly meeting w/ artservicesguild members last night  Mandoctorke.
Cool place to meet if u like art  r in Los Angeles
Where's everyone staying for the ?
cc
Not fond of Twitter RT function.
Can't see this type of RT in  stream, can't favorite it,  doesn't show up in bit.ly conversation
be transmitted into a power which can move the world.
RT : Watched the film on Romney/Bain.
Sounded like it came right out of a leftwing think tank.
Class warfare included.
Mauve Floyd
it's purrrrrfect, i'm too excited KP3D 
right after the gym, I'm sure!
true blood premiere June 10.
Showed right before GoT.
In case you didn't know.
Change something Today, right now, if you want Tomorrow to be different.
Girl with the doctorgon Penis
name one player on ya SNICKS squad that even pulled 4042 points on one player in SNICKS history.
omg that's the homeless guy and I met!
He almost got into a fight w/ someone at subway!
Hahaha
by acting funny,doing funny stuff
I have some connections.
Email me .
Theprecisionagency.com
don't tell me anything  I haven't read it or seen it yet.
I got a love that keeps me waiting.
Thrillist says soft open tonight?
Boston media only?
that sounds a lot more exciting than our battle against construction and oneways through campus!
Hey thanks for following:
Genuinely funny, that.
this one's actually in Atlanta!
Oliver had its own truck?
Who knew?
Thanks for the heads up
Just got back to hollywood after a great ski weekend with friends in Colorado!
How was everyones holiday weekend?
It was like some dionisyan ritual.
WeTheKings OMG!!!
one they follow me and on twitter C: and two there music is freakin amazing:D 3
thx to all who attended AND Nick, Kagiso  SKYPE for the opportunity to present the Creating Powerful Radio session today in South Africa!
Just put the finishing touches on a new tap video lesson.
Why does my own voice sound so bad to me when recorded?
doireallysoundlikethat?
Watch the BarcaMadoctord in Salamanca and get FREE PIZZA in via
Lots of people watching my three eBay items.
Should be an interesting ending tomorrow night!
me.
I need another one ha
You're welcome, thank you for sharing great stuff!
just finished my TLC mtg , wow full ajenda every min used of the 90 min
indeed.
But the spirit is willing even if the flesh is totally past it.
What sport is a sports jacket for?
Had so much fun last night socializing  discussing prolific thinking  leadership w/  Deanna Harris
can't tie his own tie.
every question made sense except for the 4:3:2:1 ratio one that did me in lol
shout out to all our street team followers and the ones who follow the band!
you guys are fab stay awesome omfg 3
Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me?
you guys doing anything for the game tonight?
Are you ready for some football!!
GOPACKGO !!!
i DO IT AL THE TIME...BUT THATS BECAUSE IM DASHING
RT : A hurricane watch has been officially announced for Suffolk County.
This better not screw up my plans to go bowling!
RT : is now accepting reservations on
People tweet instead of reading books because books don't lie to you and tell you nice things, appeasing your self doubts.
Thank you!
: When a woman is in love, she loves strong.
When a woman is fed up, there is nothing you can do, she will be gone.
GirlFacts
Saturday's Legend Of Korra scored 4.5 million viewers, and Victorious on saturday scored 3.2 million viewers.
working on the next edition of Dungeons  doctoramers: what are the best computer game/culture blogs  writers out there?
who said that??
Brb gonna go jump off a cliff.
H8 life h8 everyone how could this happen why
Come back to Providence, RI!!
Please?
:D
Carmel's Boutique Hotel, The Bernardus Lodge, ReLaunches Legendary Marinus ...: Set to debut on May 26, The Bernardus Lodge is trans...
thanks, pal :
So got around to watching American Horror Story.
I'm in for at least another ep.
Summer TimeFemalesSwimsuits...
OMG.
I KNOW THIS SONG.
BUT WHAT IS IT CALLED.
OMG.
I'm pretty sure I have it on my ipod.
I am vegetarian.
Making the Most of Your Visit to a Disney Mandara Spa!
DIS Unplugged
I wonder if I have met my future husband yet.....
thanks 4 the quick and efficient service with the tire change, in the pouring rain, today on I480  I77
GoTribe Go to th' creating a whole tribe of fops.
I've never seen a which book next tweet!
I'll respond the next time I see it...
I'm about to start the Hunger Games books.
Me too homie, me too...
Its been some years since i had one.
RT : I want a whole buncha little debbie snack cakes..an assortment
thanx for the mention prince:
Tonight at 10 Group Of The Altos, Northless, and Burning Sons!
There's always some doofus trying to piss in your corn flakes, y'know?
Best to ignore them  focus on the nice people.
Impressed with my doctorid!
...so far
had the worst boarding process ever I am not the gate agent the person that booked your ticket or the creator of the overhead bin damn it
Thats why I haven't listened since Artie left...now I listen to The Nick And Artie show...Howard sucks anymore!!
at least you didn't go home with them and have to pull and awkward walk of shame lol :P
Lloyd isn't King of the World?
That's news to me!
I want a retention bonus like that.
RT It is seriously time for me to get on a diet and exercise program..
Only white people celebrate cinco de mayo
so glad your day was happy hon
Great Place!
be sure to check out the lighting ;
How are you feeling about the Crimson Tide taking the National Title?
Did you watch last night?
And, to answer your question, you are alive, because we need you...your humor, your intelligence, your grace...
:
USA USA USA!
come on girls we can do it :
Hes online ask him Now and i just got a call from Texas lmao
Ooooohhhh did I just say that lol
Amazing pictures from our week of shooting the webseries not at CigaretteCinemas.com!
Let us know what you think!
oops wrong person let me rephrase that ha
Happy to be participating on this call.
Thanks for having it.
CG
it sucks but ill stay in my age dating group .
.
1315  :
ffs, vimdiff!
white text on a BRIGHT MAGENTA background!
YES!
That's a clear readability WIN!
hey,, im not sure..
But he did say he was dating.....
Somebody should invent a machine where you get to choose a hairstyle, click a button, and your hair automatically transforms that way.
too many brackets to remember!
UNC KENTUCKY in all
Lol, eshi I was really worried...
Eli passes Peyton manning, who had 0 super bowl appearances
Luke 22:16 for I say to you, I will no longer eat of it until it is fulfilled in the kingdom of God.
last harry potter and friday night lights on the same day.
i think i might lose part of myself tonight.
no doubt but classic yoyo Kings right through any tier in the country.
Be relegated by February.
Talk about coming out the woodwork, Jesus!
what yal think of the cover
Use that cap app one more time...
you're welcome.
We grabbed some of the other KML files from the dashboard
i was late to work because not even TWO alarms can wake me up.
i guess it's true...
maybe i can't survive without my mom after all 
studio I got it haha
My Nails Are not done My Hand feels naked:
you know what we're going to say...
;
Happy Mother's Day, moms!
5th graders I work with today were tapping out the Amen Break.
I directed them to that YouTube video of its history.
Classic.
The Dark Knight Rises trailer is just as amazing as I knew it would be!
If Colton was never on Idol, it'd never have a new favorite upcomming artist.
Lee Fields  the Expressions with Serious Soul.
Hey everything's good and i love your guys music
My daughter dances balet foklorico!!
Recital tomorrow!!
Doing another live stream later!
My mom's Birthday is on Saturday : iLoveMahomies 3
lol u would've ended up on the bloopers reel
the simple fact that it's Friday is good enough for me !
I just need to know what that pussy like so one time is fine with me
have fun be safe and see you soon!
I'm looking for articles on memory and narrative construction of video games.
any suggestions?
SO excited!
Being featured in newsletter this wk.
What a privilege that is.
She's awsom!
Will let u know when it's published ;D
Thanks for the follow Vicki!!
and makes your voice higher, thats if you have deep voice.
Baby don't be so shy..
lol im sure you guys are awesome, are you coming to the stickam tonight?
Got a taste for some ice cream
Rik Hauptfeld is the only CD7 that has not been hand picked by a political party, but hand picked by constituents
Damn they are still together?
type of relationship !
Can you play Paris??
I tOld u that u would!
Now put the petal to the metal
yes, we teleport for a low amount of 1800 round trip :
Adam Levine is a sexy...M M can't finish my sentence !
When dem bricks get in my possession....
u kno we turn on my cashout shit!
Had an awesome anniversary con 
Dude.
My dad said the same thing!
Do you think it's true or just an old man skeptic thing?
What, Exactly, Is Akron Up To?
Grantland
does this mean our local hangout is off limits now?
So, the punishment is meaningless.
Just let him break it up and use it on his normal rest days.
Fair enough.
I got a raise today.
I wasn't gonna tweet it, but I'm kinda amped because good/hard work pays off lol
Eww.
You are so right!
MT :  I just wish it wasn't pink slime...
my 6yo loves penguins!
When he found out there were no penguins at the San Antonio zoo he nearly started a riot!
we're all good now
Tonight is the night we lose control
Girls, its Facebook...
Not your diary.
Oh, your aware?
Then stop bitching about your realationship issues.
Your blowing up my news feed.
Q: Why is The Testosterone Fest better than SXSW?
A: We have 3000 less bands that suck.
Darius Miller ended up having the 11th most career points scored in school history by a native Kentuckian.
Work is for people who dont know how to play XBOX
hii could you please tweet me!!!
I love you more than anything :
Realizing I will be 40 this year and Ive never felt more alive.
Timeisonmyside Where'smysaltpepper?
I'll find any reason possible to ride my bike.
Im pretty sure KimK's account got hacked
Of course I'm wearing my Lani Kai champions tee the first day back from break.
For decades people could visit Mount Vernon and never realize slaves lived there with Washington.
Signs were put up only in 1983.
Career oriented women are masking their lack of femininity.
With much gnashing of teeth, my taxes are done.
Other than the odd queasiness brought on my bureaucratic paperwork, I'm feeling good.
professorle on Seidel will be coming next week.
Unbelievably grounded athlete.
Obviously she's doctorwn a lot of comparisons to Suzy Favor Hamilton
New position responsibility: bake sale attendant
If you wouldn't mind, I would love to look at a few.
thanks for the retweet!
The winner for your idea is obviously Steel Safes, False Teeth, Airplanes, and Maple Syrup
I hope Rickie Weeks is ok.
We got our first 100 followers!
Keep it going!
Check out, !
They're having a sale at the moment.
Thank you!
Father I pray a special prayer for leaders.
Don't let their anointing cloud their judgment.
Let them hold dearly to the cross!
Right now I'm at the place where my mom had her first kiss :/ akwaaaaard
Everyone, hold on to your pants!
It's a new tonight!!
Kind of like Twitter in a way.
:P
thx!
Been out of it far too long ...
When errors in another developer's JS prevents your JS from executing.
:
Keith Olbermann got fired?
Color me completely shocked.
Thanks for the follow.
Have enjoyed the last two 's and look forward to seeing more of your work.
this actress can not say phenomenon : 
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.Lao Tzu
I love my job!
I love my clients!
God is Good!
I pray those blessing for each of you  hope you feel the same about what you do each day.
Another audition today.
Time to add to the resume:
No school for me today.
made braces sexy ; x
if you need anything north of the mason dixon let me know.
An hour left of 80s Thursday!
Don't forget to send us your song requests!
I flirt with you everyday: you just dont notice
So fucking pissed.
A lot of Mahomies are complaining that Austin did ONLY a 12 min.
Ustream.
They should be fucking grateful.
Set sail on Disney39;s Fantasy  without kids
We making things happen MIXTAPES doctorPPING SOON GO FOLLOW THE TEAM
At , excited because it's 's happy hour next door.
Books and wine.
A perfect pairing!
My feeling are hurt :/
Everyone should know how to change the world.
I love old cartoons from the 70's
Patience is bitter, but it bears sweet fruit.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure.
William Feather
want me to go zelda on them and take em out?
and by miraculously she means because I'm freaking awesome and helped her.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.John C.
Maxwell
Welcome to cnndialogues We are thrilled to have you on the panel discussing the 'Arab Spring' with
I'll be having the Minneapple Pie at the Twins stadium this year.
Rogers based restaurant has the right recipe; it's delicious!
How can we bring great music like that back?!
sigh
Listening to
Just got off phone with Congressman Lamborn about why he will not be attending stateoftheunion tomorrow.
Says he's had enough.
Judging by the way today's been, I can wait another 4 years before leap year comes around again.
I notice all these Texas people are in love with their sweet tea ..
really love gucci this gucci that!
Great visits today to the History Center in Tompkins County, Center for the Arts of Homer, and Matilda Jocelyn Gage Foundation!
you should've came!
D:
for the support!
The video Justin posted on Viddy of his photoshoot was so perfect.
Shirtless, sweatpants, running his fingers through his hair, ASDFGHJKL.
Fuck Fun, who wants to enjoy themselves now a days.
pfft not this kid:P
My caffeine dependency has reached terrifying new heights.
Last night I had a doctoram that I was groggy  needed a cup of coffee.
Why do I keep making sounds or talking when I sleep, Wtf I'm creeped out 
Following da gorgeous
Local deal alert!
RT : ALL denim is 40 off!!
Stop in for great deals on Joe's Jeans!
are you counting how many whovians reply?
GUYS!
IM ON TWEET LIMIT : I PROMISE I'LL FOLLOW EVERYONE WHEN I CAN!!
33
first two brats of the season went down way too easily
had a great time at your Monster House Warming Party!
Thank you so much for having us.
, shame on you for not coming!
i DARE you to favorite this..or follow me ;
Good soundbite!
Keep it comin' from
well thank you...
I'll have to get you to one of my gigs, or a video in your hands then so you can hear me up close.
I might need a loan from you, unless they let me do one of those leveraged buys.
What's your interest rate nowadays?
we would love to be interviewed by you!
Help us out
Suggestion  Third, Share something funny that one of the participants said to you and call them by name to make a greater connection.
That is what Paris wants to do so bad!
Getting doctornk: 65
So much letterpress news!
Following updates from Boston.
Sitting by the kid who sings to himself in the hallway...
How nice.
OK.
Checking into it.
Forgive us, we are singing the new site blues over here.
:
LMFAO your icon
Never enough...haha.
u text me hoe  i got the old number the 570 ...
wya ?
u around the way ?
Up all night...going to be a very long Tuesday.
Java is my friend.
Marc, you ought get Yakov on your show.
Never Give A Woman More Then You Want Her To Leave With.
are we going to have any extra players to watch stella while i am batting or in field till suz get there
Con't  another example of some squawking about their millions and royalties Sigma out
Most all committees are little more than weekly sewing circles, that is another bureaucratic exercise.
Aw shucks mister Gordon, thanks for that.
You're good, you're awfully good...
: All these spam DM are getting really annoying
I don't know if any of you want one, but we can follow a few of you back now.
:
Excited to see THE RAVEN and cant wait till Friday?
Check out John Cusacks appearance tonight on Jimmy Kimmel Live!
yeah!!!
Why weren't you at school today?
Appreciate a veteran?
Invite them out to Applebees on November 11 for a FREE meal!
I live here in Lville so I just found out what you're doing for StoneColdWillow.
Pretty cool, good luck next yr  thanks!
Ready 4 this next round of classes come on may 15 I'm trying 2 fast forward the next 2 yrs :
lets make it last forever we're make it last forever 3
Sometimes a hug is all you need.
I don't understand why I've been ready so early these past 2 days?
Working on my website!
would you agree the Browns have to take RG3 if available?
mister Bohorquez addoctorsses the Board on how reducing the FLES program would be a huge step backward for education.
welcome back partayyyyy!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Henry S.
Haskins
My Prius is a tank.
I've now been rearended twice in 2 years, my bumper doesn't even have a scratch.
U got that right The D is actually getting it done and Painter can't do anything  what is this announcer talking about???
I really wouldn't call it a rout  the first half obviously was a buttwhippin', but not the game overall...
Numbers  Ewing
m send me some!!
Morning love :
I'm gonna try to remember on the way to school in the morning..
He put his dick on my shoulder
you live in opposite world , so thank you , love you too Tiger!
wow ur so weird hahahahahahahahahah jkkkkkkk D so when is andoctorw and niko picking us up
he said no more commodore, so now he gets to sound like a saturday morning cartoon character
Well evidently make hair looks good like this.
The lady that used to register to me jus complimented me.
She asked if I styled me hair.
ohh, okaayy i wanna see it
Morning shower!
After morning run:D
Thanks for the RT
Oh wow.
That's awesome!
Lunch tomorrow sounds good.
What time works for you?
It's funny how remembering happy memories can make you sad.
Excellent point.
I also can't stand it when folks call people nazis like being tough and committing genocide are the same.
I may not be allowed to talk while we watch the view, but I can tweet as loud as I want.
Still not sure where bias comes from when talking about smell....
Finished my 4th and last run.
7:02 pace.
We're still 9 minutes ahead of schedule.
Good job everyone !
4:20 am !
My world history books had pictures of ancient Egypt and stuff on the cover, not Kennedy, NASA, and Mt.Rushmore LOL
when are guys doing another ustream..you guys were hilarious doing those prank calls!:
Visiting a National Wildlife Refuge?
Dont Forget Your Smartphone
LOL, how do you know this?
I have Papers but I prefer Mendeley, and neither do the reference parsing and prioritizing I told you about
Yes, but only when collaborating on a specific event 2gether; also did it 4 sum conferences
I know!!
It's crazy.
I miss you so much.
When is a weekend you're free to come to lex or Matt  I could come visit!?
Are you going?
who's coming to my bands show on may 13th  Jammin Java???????
ROTFLMBO!
Please please turn to SOUTH BEACH TOW on TRU TV!!!
THIS IS THE FUNNIEST SHOW EVER!
LOL!
Long Live BERNICE  The Tow Queen!
LOL LOL
Listening to PorterRobinson before I go out.
tell me when and where we recording and I'm down
Sweet!
Don't forget lucha mask Monday!
NMS30 Students as global citizens.
It opens up many questions about bias and reliability of sources when kids resource strangers...
I just sent you my own mother as a new patient!
Pls take good care of her today :
Ok its grizzle talkin I deleted my Facebook
Hey all how are all u doing today ?
Mention and add me new pic's up guys and ladies check em out
Whoa.
It's Fridaythe13th so we'll be giving away thirteen 10 doctorving credits today.
Watch for your chance at the top of the hour!
Yes but should add upon receipt, not reformat and reply to click a button : Also, button doesn't work in Gmail!
Good luck!
I hope the 51's broke u in!
RT : Up early for an Anaheim day!
Throwing a pitch at Angels game and Disney!!!
yep, yep!
Classic rock.
i hope the hotel has wifi or else bringing my laptop would be useless.
Three days left to buy your ticket to the Artisan's Guild's Oscar Party!
Tickets on sale now at Student Services
Spellings' crystal ball guess on when NCLB will be reauthorized: she says not until 2013  agrees
Guess what we got to see...
The rough doctorft of our music video, let's just say you guys are in for a treat!
Me gots to get ready.
SAG/FOX Searchlight need to fix the iTunes download to allow SD download of screeners for those who do not have HDCP monitors.
College writing class nd after attempting my online class!
Just cleaned out BP for hella snacks.
I just have a sweet tooth, but the cashier thinks I'm high as a kite.
LMAO.

I'll follow EVERYONE that retweets this  follows me.
I was wondering why my bbm's weren't sending to you!
Big show today!
Matt Holliday, US soccer defender Jon Bornstein, author Bill Madden, Rox beat writer Troy Renck,Chicago's Sam Smith..AM 1510
good news!
sounds like you're off to a great start...
Hope you have a wonderful Sunday!!
Thank you for checking us out!
We love getting tips and suggestions.
Now admiring all the talent on your Web site...
It's not bad.
I wish I would've waited.
I hate when the theater is crazy packed with a lot of idiots.
I might be for the best.
Still some spots left open for our Oolong class tonight!
Sign up and enter to win a free teapot in our Mystery Raffle!
I swear, Dmx is too damn dope for most of y'all....
Blessed w/ another great kickball day.
Summer Thursday league kicks off tonight!
Brewsky's  maybe Park Street after?
Still looking
Worst nightmare for Elway: Hightower picks off Manning for gamewinning TD in playoff 1st round.
Tebow trucks Hightower to beat NE.
RT : What's on the back of Ray Allen's calves?
congratsyou da man!
You inspire me to do the work.
I'm on a roll haha if following me :D Yeeeee Budddyyyy haha
Missing my pookie
Calling it a night.
Work in the am
Condom Slogans No.
1: Cover your stump before you hump.
I'm soo not sleepy
I'm just waiting for someone to say, Holy freak, Wendy!!!
Look at that top left branch!
There are childoctorn around!!!
what's the price point?
/ what's it take to get in on presale?
Other than me being poor as shit right now I'm very in.
Ban Kimoons presence at CPD2012 is historic: first time a un general sec participate on the commission on population and development.
i love how apple, being pompous as usual, talks about how great they are for an hour  then reveals Siri as if it were their own invention
Woo!
Had Sake, Hibachi, Sushi, and it was all great!
RT I want 2 listen  engage w/ people  thats the game.
Twitter is important because it allows u 2 do it.
It used to be there was no I in WII
Tux One for the Team?
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
Just sayin' RT : Dearest Client, Feel free to ignore what we have to say if you dont mind consumers treating you in kind.
Will you follow me??:
Agreed!
rT: : If I ever say Amazeballs, shoot me in the face.
We are live all morning at Del Mar.
Join us!
no one cares if you're at your apartment.
Will You Follow Me??:
why would they come back?
look at what you are doing to them.
you're withholding their pay?
isn't that illegal mister walker?
listening to reggae about to nap next to an open window  doesn't get any better than that!
It was a tweet.
Ha.
crazii huh!
nope your wrong Lebron lost 2 finals and so has Kobe BUT the difference Kobe has 2 finals MVP's how many does Lebron have.
I love , he loved you.
I love you too.
Keep doing what you can to change bullying.
hey carrie, if u received my tweet about holding a tic for me.
I'm totally gonna pay.
Please hold me one 
Agreed.
Or watching them fail in ways that will affect them for a long time and knowing you have to let them do it.
for the record...
a 5 year old didn't just embarrass me on
Watch episode with Maya Rudolph from a month ago, best in years.
Students w/ 3 effective math teachers in a row  83rd percentile in 5th grade; 3 ineffective29th.
thanks so much!
I love your last name lol : I'm trying to follow you too but it's not letting me on my mobile
totally agree!
He's terrible
Happy to help, and appreciate new Interests rolling in.
If you think of more, let us know.
If they ruin it, like make it different than the book  if they don't find the perfect actors, I WILL BOMB THE WORLD AND KILL MYSELF
Just peirced 's nose.
Took three times, but it worked!
We now have an earring through it until tomorrow.
Thank you for the link.
A desk with breasts?
Wow, look at the doctorwers on that?
Yeah, but they are fake, not real doctorws at all..
RT Breaking news: is now open for lunch on Sat.
Reservations are available from 11:30 am on.
What fall dish is calling your name?
doctor Cornel West is a person we should imitate instead of Jay Z for the simple fact some assume blacks are not educated or well spoken.
I love when my kid dances to the music in cartoons!
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction.
Tom Browne
it's my birthday so you know i wanna ride out
minds been gone Kimmy!!:
Just got bridged in Milwaukee.
That's one for all the Duluthians out there.
tHANKS FOR FOLLOWInSpotter app
believe me, it's way batter than Montenegro xD
Mentally rebelling SO hard right now against this quarter starting up.
:
Today is the first day of Bike to Work Week!
Did you bike?
If not, you still have four days to bike to work!
you just purposely made me mad...
Wow.
What lens is that?
1.4?
Church tomorrow :
the red ignitor button works, imagine having to do match light, save alotta money in eye brow bills
Shooting film at USC in a few hours...I'm going to be tired tomorrow
This weekend killed me!
I'm so exhausted!
: russian peasants knew they were owned but had a language of rights; facebook users don't understand their data in same way
How is your face feeling today!?
:
and ct dept of econdev: the number 1 issue in CT economy is alignment between college grads  workforce.
We read anything  everything!
Lately: Katy  the big snow, the magic rabbit, the caboose that got loose, mister men books
Entrepreneurs understand that there is little difference between obstacle and opportunity are able to turn both to advantage.
N Machiavelli
Proud of our PR students!
MT Just met w/ pub coord for great SDSU PR student w/bright future ahead of her!
RT Apple factory working conditions are abysmal.
Tell Apple, make the iPhone 5 an ethical iPhone.
bit.ly/ygSDKV via
And ...
MavsThunder Game 3 watch party Saturday inside American Airlines Center.
Party starts at 7 p.m.
Tipoff at 8 p.m.
Ah.....I love the sound of my rain barrel filling up.
Especially since I left it on all day yesterday :
That's great Siobhan, looking forward to the feature in
Good evening, mister Hookah.
the period when you both like eachother but noone says it aloud but you 2 both know is the cutest
Happy International Women's Day to all beautiful strong women out there.
In particular my mom, and grandma
I'm sorry I made you feel like Monica Lewinski.
love you too mi amor.
night.
and i'll go check ; night babygirl
Thanks for following!
Looking forward to spending the summer days at all of MKE's parks!
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
yeah they need to trade some players, get Melo help.
What are you doing today to challenge yourself?
sir this bag is full of black dildos
Hey Sleepy Tweepies!
Miami bound
Really tired going to bed
Why do you not want to get CoD?
: It's really good so far.
So good to hear!
RT : Yes!
2nd time  just as wonderful!
You have got to be shitting me.
stupid bomb threats are cluttering up my email inbox.
In hungry :o
I don't know wht it's like in SC, but Private Schools in Dallas r RIDIC!
I paid 17k 4 KINDERGARTEN!
He's now in 5th!
When boys give you butterflies.
Today looks like a day for the hot tub.
Humans vs.
Zombies making fat people run since 2006
there should be a phone policy wherever humans congregate.
Nice pick!
What's cookin'?
you don't see kanye out here talking bout swervin?
Q4: How does the concussion issue  retired players suing the league impact the long term marketability of the NFL?
You can get the Facebook Recommend feature on your Page if you have a physical addoctorss identified in your Info section.
Oosthuizen for double eagle to take the lead...
Wow
if B's and FLA are out, it's time to get on the NJDevils train!
hehe.
We didn't stay long...love you 
Camai Festival starts in 5 days!
The deadline for the 2012 Miss Camai application is at 11:30pm on Friday Night!
Plz contact me for details.
Starting off the day with Shaker Lemon Piedelish!
Beautiful song and tribute by the De la Salle High School Choir directed by Onnie Irby...
come out and spend Black History Month with us
Do not have a charger so I need to hop off of here
Wow, did you see that!!!
The horror of leaving this earth without making a black mark against the white paper of human memory.
from a letter by Janet Fitch
Guys in scarves...no, just no.
PlansForTheSummer to get out of here..
RT : Agree w/RBT that PhD shd focus on full range of needs PhDs can serve.
More versatility, not fewer students.
I want to go for fondue, but guys never want to go for fondue.
I need more girl friends.
They will have a great time w/ FFA members and full day of show and tractor pull.
Great seeing you there last yr
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
Cold as ice RT Thinking of getting into the legbreaking business, so I can professortably sell crutches later.
Thank you We have an officle name as well so feel free to stop by the Mannie Officle anytime :
The Cleveland Browns signed 15 undoctorfted free agents, the team announced Wednesday afternoon.
old people early bird special?
Just some info because I want you to be happy  May the love be with you.
Namaste.
Just had the luxury of adding to one of my stories the fact that the Pittsburgh mayor had to Tebow.
I saw it!!!
CRAZY
I do.
2 simple words that changed my life forever for the better 7 years ago.
Danielle Sayre, you're my best friend  I love u so much!!
Break Legs at the Disney Tokyo audition!!
IN ANOTHER NEWS, Will Ferrel is hosting SNL this week!
Fiesta Shirts anyone???
hit me up...
I can deliver depending on location.
you said it best.
that division is a nitemare , but the 49ers can certainly take it
Sometimes things I post on my blog are hypocritical but they are my thoughts and thats the point!
http//:www.artsalternativepath.com/
Worse dayy ever...can't wait to go to college.
I'm leaving and never coming back to the hell hole.
I just realized that people at my school that have facebooks are full of themselves...My friend Hannah told me that so blame her!
Ears still ringing from sebastianingrosso swedishhousemafia  covered by !!
AZs BIGGEST PARTY IS ON SATURDAY  SKY LOUNGE DOWNTOWN!!
2nd ST.
WASHINGTON.
4 DJS IN THE MIX!!!!.
FOR RESERVATIONS2291110.
Thanks so much for the great article!
I'm glad more people are finding out that they can still get the Fridas margaritas!
Call It: Pac Man or Ms.
Pac Man?
For the next half hour I'm gonna get caught up on the kardashians
I'm calling on the world to retire the word hater.
That is all.
Thank you!
Laughs at my site  www.kevinkash.com
hey I love the city market report!
helping revive Detroit with the help of entrepreneurs amazing resources.
NowPlaying Up All Night
Almost every day in one way or another.
iq2atheism Anyone know the religious respect cartoon Grayling referred to?
Check out 'A Cross to Bear'  poetry for your life, your love and your soul.
Mosley truly looks his age
YES I HAVE PERFECT NEW TOMS JUST FOR THE CONCERT WOO HOOOOOO 3
How were your burnt breakfast waffles today, Sharon?
The Grannies are so happy to spend time with their families this holiday season.
Wishing everyone safe travels and lots of love!
it's 9:00 in st.louis missouri
It's very prestigious being published.
I've joined the ranks of a long tradition of writers whose books also sit unread on shelves.
I'm so jealous over my bf'a Xbox.
He chooses that thing over me all the time..and I'm like that piece of crap doesn't make love to u!
Wtf
Five week old kitty just peed on bed.
Tony responds, You know, even if she committed mass genocide, I'd still go, 'Awww.
are you shitting me
NEED YOUR HELP..
I am looking to take the 100 MAN BEER BONG on tour.
If you feel your school is ready for this Contact Me TODAY!
Bryce, thanks.
I've added it!
You get one minute in a room with a agent how is looking at her phone!
I'm sorry but I don't want you as my agent!
Bye bye
You don't want to miss our Pan Seared Halibut with Boursin Potatoes  Asparagus!
Place your EL order now!
www.EpicureanGroup.net
Lovely running into today.
:
I just requested Groundswell, too.
I need a good rebound from PR 2.0.
: Suck my butt lick my nuts
Srotakin IV delivers a lethal dose of kickass
Thanks Jessica!
Have a great day!
My dog let me sleep as late as I wanted today.
He's not just cute, he's considerate too:
No worries!
I value all input  esp from vets  but can't see it.
Pls email me directly at .
TY!
I think I need a little bit of reaction training NFLblitz to be in top form as a pittsburghsuperhero Blitz and then Madden should be good
Oh, yes, the day is getting better  first listen to KFW's new Generators LP...
kiss.
asses.
sit.
down.
Goodness I hate sticking with somethingbecause I'm tired  all I want to do is stop  take a nap but I can't let myself down.
don't be sorry get you party on!!
i lost myself to the darkness
Foreclosure activity eased last month as the foreclosure affidavit crisis slowed U.S.
filings.
Doctors office, Rome: SPECIALIST IN WOMEN AND OTHER DISEASES.
11:11;D i wish you would come to chicago!
as Conservatives we should not ask, what laws have we gotten passed, yet, what laws have we gotten repealed??
finna turn my cross tat into a half sleeve
You're a satanist why are you concerned about numbers on other people
indeed sir.
3 piece is classy
S EUR/JPY at 115.45 for a short term day trade
This weather is so scary :
I can understand that.
Hard enough to streamline my tangled notes/ideas.
I can imagine challenge of presenting diss.
research.
Congrats to on being a Las Vegas Business Press Rising Star!
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.
My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them...
F.
O'Connor
Thank you for your awesome coverage of the Dinosaur Hall at !
It was so great to meet you!
Are you a dino expert now?
I like your expansion  overviewzoomdetail mark/extract/history  of Ben Schneiderman's focuscontext.
Wish I could've attended.
hop of my dick bro, I don't wanna fuck you
Have a great weekend everyone!
lookin for an apt sucks!
im gonna have to look this weekend i think!
why do i persist to help people out that dont want it.....
I always gotta look out for someone else...
When is everything going to get back to normal?
Mad Men finally delivers its We blew it.
moment.
so how did everylike the hurricane?
Can't seem to wake up today.
In serious need of caffeine.
Glad you are back Rudy.
We need you!
What's your FavoriteLyricOfAllTime ?
Luke Evans Officially in Talks for Fast and the Furious 6 Villain Role via
another beautiful SoCal day ...
going to sneak in some golf therapy before gutting my dining room ceiling thanks to the flood.
Im gonna die.
Fuk
That hologram of tupac almost got me
It's not that deep!!!
I dont think I've ever been so ready for a semester to end.
I have way too much to do!!
I saw that there was no tragedy in God.
Archimandoctorte Sophrony
Witch is better DB or tweeter
Can't wait for BELIEVE!
Its going to be the best JB yet!
that is amazing, I've clearly been using the wrong ones!
I've had so many problems with pedometers!
Our 1000th follower, , who loves Kiss108FM just as much as she loves Adam Lambert.
Thanks Mary for listening!!
:
nw Kathy she cracks me up!
The term bored shtless has never been more appropriate.
REALLY?
No shame there!
It's never too late : This is the perfect time for bike riding, too!
cann you get on skype now?:
Just watched Inception  I know this is probably old news for the tweetosphere, but damn...
Well done
LMAO someone needs to post it on his wall!
I cant wait to see him next week

get in trouble and now I have a really bad headache...ugh I hate her...
I was born on Maurice Sendack's birthday, but decades later.

and the same to you.
A good sleep is great, but I need a vacation!!!
bored of being bored because being bored is boring
Nowadays, the one single attribute that defines the most successful people is their ability to network.
Go Twitter...
I'm so sick of hearing about Ryan Braun!
Didn't Corey Hart and Casey McGehee each have 3HR games last year?
what about pinterest???
IfITellYou how I really feel...
You won't be my friend anymore
Tonight's OutPast30 activity?
Going to Skin Party at Underground ATL.
Should be interesting.
it would be nice if we could change the location based on how we read: L to R or R to L
Black girls always swear they dance the best..
Smh
I met a new friend.
She shoo cool ':
Congrats  his team on a great win last night!
Good luck this weekend vs Miami  Let's Go Mountaineers!
How about a FF of some super NYC bloggers?
/StrollerBallet, , , ,
Uh oh!
Usually Mondays are the busiest here!
Hope your day FLIES!
Biden breaks up about being a single Dad.
Take that lipstick pitbull soccer mom.
Mad props to for picking up a copy of our album on iTunes!
Thanks for the support : you kick ass!
relapse indicators RT : Q9  start acting out in defects, nurture resentments,
Gingrich uses lots of Packers references in Green Bay, explaining why he's not quitting the race you expect the team to play every quarter
Advanced Basement Systems Wins Excellence Award Advanced Basement Systems was recently honored by receiving an excellence award from the
People do not change, they are only being played the right role for the sake of their interests.
Was not pretty, but Mavs beat an awful Wizards team to temporarily slow the slide...
hey there thanks for the follow.
Where would I submit a resume?
The pizza is here!
Give a thumbs up if you plan on coming to grab some FREE pizza from 3:006:00pm.
Sometimes I feel like I'm achieving less everyday.
No, it's the first four books.
5 days per book.
No way.
You've just given me second thoughts about going there this evening!
:
sour grapes?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVELY COUSON
Seeking Senior Attorney with strong real estate and MA experience.
JD and 4 years experience required.
Contact me today!
I hate you!
hey lady!!
did you guys have fun in Hawaii?
hope you and the kiddos are doing well :
Thanks for the incredible insight into the entrepreneurship  startup opportunities in Brazil,
Heart breaking.
So hard to leave my family.
There's no place like home.
Learning about LA's MexicanAmerican heritage at 5demayo street festival outside!
Good day sunshine!
How about Great day, my power bill is here!
I can help make that happen!
www.smartenergypays.com
lent is over!!!!
Bring on the online shopping
Can we give the best lateround steal a Wondolowski Award of Excellence?
There is no multitasking in sales awesome quote Roland!
put the smartphone down and listen!
T1 I wish my doctors knew each other!
Very hard to get communication between care teams
i like to refer to him as the other Matt in my life ;
Don't let people treat you like shit, I've let it happen to long.
take care and keep breaking necks ;
Love you more sweetness!
I know.
This winter sucks.
Now I'm verklempt.
Talk amongst yourselves.
Here, I'll give you a topic.
The Partridge Family were neither Partridges nor a family.
Discuss
Time for work all right.
Time to listen to 670 the score
swamp rooming it up
looks more like an ATV
His stuff's good, indeed.
thank ya!
M3Logic adds accountability to your existing Medeco mechanical system while providing loss and liability control
every woman deserves a man who will make her forqet that her heart was ever broken..
Hey I followed you : it's me from FB and YT : take it easy!
Keep it up with the good beats man!
yes yes.
But it is all different too.
In study hall:
Quite hot.
Last time I checked, your cousins are the same generation as you.
ick ick ick I've heard people talk about that movie and the scenes therein
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you are staying doctor!
I agree the Obama campaign,leading the charge with negative attacks.
Character assassination is offensive among many others.
i think math is going to be the reason i doctorp out and become a stripper.
Right.
So curriculum might need to be adapted.
Interested to see how tech fits in with the new Common Core.
Sent you some demos!
I SAID IT BEFORE, I'LL SAY AGAIN: The IRS does not accept paczki payments.
I do not wish to shakes head
What about DC?
True, it's not a state but a district.
But still...
yo Gz I did...I'm not sure either...i gotta come through for a extreme polly son
The Avengers movie was totally worth seeing.
Something happened resulting in us getting free movie tickets haha Bazinga.
BIG thanks to the and the for donating passes for our Scholarship Reception raffle today!
Tix
Massive PR today at Ilthon.
3:46:13 chip.
Personal best by 21:29.
Can't complain about that!
Art  Soul kicks off today in the Artsgarden, with a performance by Kool's Bazaar.
Join us at 11:30 to meet our featured artists!
On the way to work.
Actually in a good mood.

a journalistacquaintance at a radical seder a few months ago said I should follow you, for various reasons.
For sure  hello.
ok!
I just hope YOU won't forget!
Hahahah
We would love to deliver you
Haha.
Oh, that you did, and that we do!
:
out of all the Jerks he had to be one of them .
!
t
Sunday May 16, 2012 Roy Haynes 8pm  10pm shows have been cancelled, tickets for Thursday, Friday,  Saturday are still available!!!
Claims of lawsuit threatening redevelopment of downtown Santa Ana.
Vacation should come with a two or three day transitional period so it is easier to ease back into the flow of things.
lol.
I know!
:D
Thanks!
I am very excited about it.
It is scary, but exciting.
There are some really interesting librarians to check out in the discussion area.
I think its time that I go full blown vegetarian
dang!
DaleKurt on the west coast!
You should hang in the bay some time
Didnt Tubby recruit doctorymond Green?
How n the hell is this guy still playing for MSU!
You TOTALLY need to try out for American Idol...
I feel like singing to someone lol!7
do you know of any sites that are looking for writers by chance?
I appreciate you taking the time to talk to me
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams!
Good Luck at State!
I feel like I never tweet .
So hiiiiiiiaaa:
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you've had enough.
Unfollow this page got hacked follow my new one
paying some attention to my neglected social media everything.
WelcomeToThe1DFamilyGibby !!!
new trend ;P
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT when you open the door, and someone is going to the bathroom!
:O
What a strike by Carlos Tevez!!!!!!!!!!
Argentina may be the team to beat.
Argentina 3, Mexico 0
wtf is this?

will watch for that.
BBN would not even know Megan Dills if she didn't hurt her leg.
Whats up,check out CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,ON YA ANdoctorID DOWNLOAD THE APP,,WE ARE ON ALL DAY,TUNE IN RADIO ,CHECK OUT THE MORNING SHOW,
many congrats to 2x NWA champion...
as/more deserving as anyone of major title recognition
60 minutes of freedom!
Otherwise known as a lunch break
Due to popular demand...
the 6 word story contest has been extended.
The deadline is now May 4.
your email addoctorss is spamming everyone ..
the jeffandsher at yahoo one.
maybe try to reset the password and take it out?
don't get too nostalgic there, the 80's also gave us Neon colored clothing and Hammer pants.
if weeks hand/wrist is hurt, I'm sending anthrax to each of the cubs homes
but I'm right next to you lmaooo ?.
how old are we budd
If I still haven't convinced you, next month I will write a 30ish post series comparing the candidates.
Decide after that, if you must
...
instructed to concentrate on manual stimulation of these areas and to increase the intensity and duration until...
Crashin god bless
I spoke to Petrea, the only true Ryoko in English.
She's a wonderful person.
No prescription insurance no problem.
We are here to help!
email us for
I hope karma bits you in the anus you btch!!!
i want something sweet :
Gorgeous wether here too!
Beach time :
So exciting!!
Cant wait to hear it!!!
I can't wait til my turn to walk across the stage !!!
May 19th ......7more days !!!!!!!
Work is a BITCH!
I am so ready to retire!
At 25 :
SAT tomorrow.
wats going on
We love our new followers!
Why does night JD never look out for morning JD?
Follow and RT!
Or jump off a cliff 3
Who better than to listen to zakkwylde while coding!
kool no problems were there?
Pink Slime Found in 70 Percent of the Ground Beef Sold in Supermarkets
I hate when I'm about to hug someone really sexy and then my face hits the mirror 
your welcome, thank you for following your local Las Vegas Florist !
Have a great evening :
of course not :P
Working on sweet demos w/
would u open ur eyes 2 c the skys or keep them closed 2seep into doctorams ud never think2 be exposed?
Every fucking subway entrance is closed..taxi it is.
Washington DC is the Magic Capital of The World.
Upon closer examination one realizes that is just an illusion created by all the hot air.
RT : Oh no!
Poor Jack  RT : Dang...
Jack has torn his dog ACL!
Surgery probably; 2 mo.
recovery...
He's limping badly.
O no goofy..
have any meets at Pacific this year?
Honestly now I understand why every1 hates beliebers, 2night on the voice all they cared about was Justin and were being so rude to
My lil homie is really hollywood...you gotta text her first before callin lmao
Awesome.
I have a friend that is so obsessed with her alma mater it's effectively a disorder.
Soone endorsement ;
we're not that bad!
That sucks!
Great idea from on measuring new social media projects: begin with inputs vs.
outcomes when there is no benchmark.
If you can't explain what you do for a living so that an 8 year old can understand it, then it's time to rethink your 60 second commercial.
Marcum can't pitch, but man can that guy bunt!
Coming soon!
Brand New Vintage Portland Home on 4218 N.
Montana Ave.
Thanks!
And glad you're enjoying.
There's more where that came from.
:
Great meeting for the big party Sept.
28th!
This is going to be awesome!
Get ready!
the grandeur of films: the preservation of human transience, the significance not so much of social roles as of fragile, fleeting feelings
Wvsu grades up finally up
HINT, HINT, Now you don't have to stress come next February!
Gorgeous new additions of at the BD screening in NYC last night!
Don't forget that the Conservatory  Sunken Garden will be closed like most govt facilities on Mon Feb 20 in observance of President's Day.
Blessed w another day, another chance to conquer all...
I am glad it was two good meals.
It makes me sad when somebody screws up or doesn't represent themselves well.
Yeah, what's the story.
My wife got an email about it, but thin on details.
I fear Ohio Regents takeover
Cut your telecom costs in 2012..
give us a call to see what we have to offer...
0844 880 2010
Wishing everyone a happy new year  2012 is going to be great!
We hosted their official DC launch parties this weekend.
Did u get a chance 2 go?
So much fun  we even got to take a test doctorve!
RT : Chuck is on a role man!!!!
HPNSV!
Web Site redesign project let's get it done.
hey dude please check pool cleaner.
Been saving that up.
Couldn't wait any longer.
true, we did indeed.
Reggie Evans bobblehead dolls don't bobble.
They just glare at you until you regret buying it.
Anyone in the Dallas / Fort Worth area want to come eat some barbecue with us tomorrow?
:
RandomFact Laughing for 15 seconds straight adds 2 days to your life span
Could Kalil fall to the Bills
we all respond on here.
Right now it's Jordan but who knows sometimes!
Think ima just stay in take a  and 
Tomorrow is December, this year went by so FAST !
thank you so much!
Andoctora Tomasini: KPIs and Metrics do not empower the people to make changes.
People need to be named and empowered to change.
Mud bog 3 o clock cant wait gonna be fun :p
I been in ATL for hella hours and my ride from the Airport is just now getting on a plane from NYC.
: Does it kill, does it burn?
Is it painful to learn that it's me that has all the control?
hardertobreathe why yes, Adam
So crazy has no colloquial meaning?
My bad.
RT : math is crazy.
RT : I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago 
Interesting, an overwhelming majority of librarians don't like public words of affirmation, sales people it's the opposite.
Really excited for , ScreenwritingU alum whose just had his script Happy Mother's Day optioned by producer Harry Gittes!
We hit 100 followers!
Thank you very much everyone!
If youre in Barrington, IL May 8th we're playing a show at the Penny Road Pub Lets hang!
phil lesh  friends, , san rafael, ca.
set 2: can't come downmagic bus, turn on your lovelight
Headed to DC for naspa12 Program Committee Meeting!
Can't wait to see all the fabulous scholarship  practice my colleagues lead.
National Burger Day tomorrow on Which spots do you think will be representing the Twin Cities?
Some unique places up our sleeves...
nah man i have to fix my sleep schedule lol
Sunday is always boring !!
Teachers in the U.S.
spend an average of 1,200 of their own money/year on school supplies.
This totals roughly 4 billion annually.
BOUT TO HEAD OUT TO KLUSOZ!!!
THESE THURSDAYS JUST KEEP GOIN  GOIN  GOIN.........
OFF THE CHIZAIN BABY!!
GET THERE EARLY!!
anyone wanna talk?
3 :
Cleaning out my kitchen doctorwers and found a large number of sporks.
Have my spoons and forks been mating?
He Ain't a sinner so don't judge him /died on the cross that you can live again/think this's a game while the devil's Such a nuisance
I cant believe mo has a torn acl wtf
I regret not spending more time in the Strip District while I lived in DC.
Sometimes the Silk browser on the Kindle Fire thinks there's no such thing as the Facebook timeline.
I'm back on twitter!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND MISS YOU!
hope you're taking notes.
I'll find out, if not...there is always public transportation!
Watching duckdynasty makes laugh like a little girl.
probably gonna be sundays
Why is so pretty.?
It's scary when my fingers fell asleep.
Maybe I should get some acupuncture.
Okay, well now it's later than ever.The last thing to do before bed is to wish you a good morning!
Saturday, March 31st 2012.
23:59
nice post some pics
That was a great question!
Thanks for asking it :
Fuck a promo.
Power of the girls is that when she was bad, it looks great.
Us too!
Congrats again!
See you on 6/21!
RT: We are so excited about June Market  SOTYawards!
have u checked out Newsie it's a fast rss reader  you can email in the app.
also it's top selling RSS reader in the app store.
Major Pot Bust in Buckingham County.
Sheriff says its street value is equal to the cost of 100 homes in Charlottesville.
Details on CBS19
I lost the Super Bowl but I still get to go home to my supermodel wife Gisele Bundchen.
I miss hanging out with my best friend all the time :
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE!!!
RT : Woke up this morning ready to give them body.....lol
This nigga just keep hanging up on lol he mad
Had the opportunity to speak to the members of the Cherry Creek Republican Women yesterday at Glenmoor County Club.
What a great meeting!
yes, that would be amazing.
HOLY RANGERS!!!
Please follow !
She is such a big Enchancer 3 PLEASE!
She loves you!
13
I am in the middle of creating a business plan for a new business that will revolutionize the energy production industry.
Stay tuned 4 more
I am scarred for life.
I don't know what he did!..but he damn sure shouldn't of been sharing a bed with them...it leaves me to speculate....just sayin
Thunder is a rich source of loudness..
I would very much like to have pictures together please.
well working for Disney does do that
Worst thing about watching longislandmedium at 12 am is always has me crying..
Ugh lol..
I love this show!!
Gives me chills!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you've imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
RT : Tomorrow from 117, we'll need your votes one last time for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
oh wow..
Ok well goodnight!
will do!
Nice meeting you!
thanks!
i thought of it this morning in the car whilst blasting the radio and feeling amazed to be alive.
G
I know you've been busy, so have I!
I just like knowing what's going on with you.
I like to be informed!
no problem, thanks c:
thanks for following!
Keep it up!:
IKR!!!
I've seen tour buses all over and everybody is just giving off the most electric vibe
Who the hell wants to stop?
The Outer Space Men booth is now packed and will be set up Friday morning.
2465 across from DC Comics.
Totally cool spot this year!
Every little bump in the road I try to swerve
You can only rightfully be offended by words that you yourself do not say.
Think about it
Hey !
we started development at the end of last year.
So far we've been releasing mvps to around 100 testers.
What a amazing night at juicy hit capacity by 12!!
Love it.
Ah I missed taking naps an waking up with no worries about school or anything :
's Unfollowed me than followed me again Wuddup with that dude ?
xD
This is the best pen I've ever taken from a teacher.
Treat Her Like A Queen , Fuck Her Like A Pornstar :
Living in the lib lately
20 in the second half you fuckin cock suckers.
Over payed obnoxious tutsoons is all I see.
Joke.
Go home 13 in a row.
awesome!
Could make the midnight premier so going for a matinee : can't wait until tonight
Fantastically underwhelmedV Muniz in Wasteland.
Strategy scenes w/his wife?
So uncomfortable, the back of my eyeballs saw the light of day.
Chilling at the Martigues festival in the South of France.
Gig is tomorrow with Joe Martin and Donald Kontomanou.
Do u think there was a hungry hippo that didn't want 2 eat n mom hippo was all 'There r baby hippos in Africa that wuld DIE 4 these balls!'
What makes you think I'm not?
I'm right next to you your :b
Ive always wondered why boys get tatted so much??
I honestly hate writing L on my Yankees calendar!
might of gone to junk.
Try to resend and I will keep an eye out for it
curious was this for todays event or a different one?
Bottles on me and I'm white boy faded...
I am faded...
kimmy Blanco
your tweets about austin are amazing, follow back?:xox
At the Seattle Police Accountability Forum.
Very heated debate happening.
Kenya will cut them girls..
why are they messing with her!?
lol at all of this Puyol breaking the celebration, Tito and Pep looking like we are losing or something
i know that gonna be haut when she gonna do that i need a pic of u 3 totheter u know u the one u sent me with u in g wheni was
GAME 7 HERE WE FUCKING COME!
You won't have me for long, cause baby I'm moving on3
Especially for women.
We need to put people on mute to discover their real intentions!
RT : did I mention how great it is to sit on patio on busy neighborhood st.
with no parking lot buffer!
Mall Soon.!:
Ironic!
RT : 12 Easy Ways to Reduce Stress at Work Haha  I laugh at this headline and delete this email.
NO TIME.
Don't get in the way of ur happiness.
Love is real.
Love is true.
If u keep it real w/ me, I won't block u.
Walking dead.
Im goin out the same way i came in
My neighbors love me.
I have a snow thrower.
The ones awake, that is.
I just have to put my trust in God because he has the plan
leaving soon for Django meetup in Cambridge MA.
Judging Google AppEngine: Should you use it?
I'll have to check it out!
Thanks for telling me xoxo
I also thought of the doctorving thing.
Maybe retail?
All the pop music I know comes from middle school summers at the pool
Phillies leave Rollins stranded at 3rd after a lead off double..no score after 1 inning at the Bank
I'm downtown LA at The Pacific Center ...love the building architecture in this area!!
I like the blackhawks
I forgot they switched the night of my show!
:
I was hoping for a moment of weakness
hit me  misterarlove and we can discuss it
Chun on early ideal of internet as anonymous supplanted by ideal of being authenticated.
Walk/text simultaneously...and clumsily in Bmore?
Admit it for a story.
Also who hates walker/texters?
Msg Pls RT
follow me D: please gaga!
Happy Easter, Denver!
Anyone have any special plans?
doctorke is actually freakin sexy.
rappers:
The link to posters and abstracts was supposed to be live by May 1 but it's till not live :
Austin changed my life.
RT : Michelle Pfeiffer was gifted Orlane products  the Dark Shadows junket!
RT 4 a chance 2 win 1 of the products gifted!
Love is in the air!!!
Its difficult to pray about something you don't care about.
Crawford
Almost there can almost taste it!
Maan fk who ever say they a sneakerhead these days..I know real sneakerheads..But yeah  the yr just started!
thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy our music.
Stay tuned, we will have a new album coming out in the coming months!
Shouldn't every library in the USA have 50 copies of captainin America?
;
yeah, but it won't happen, lol.
at least not yet.
Thank you for the very positive words.
Hope you are having a good weekend.
how cool is that!
Rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I'm not.
Got my backpack on, tipsy, spirit hood on head...
I'm liking this
What will you be snacking on during tomorrow's game?
doing pretty good stayin busy with auditions
What The NBA Could Learn From The NFL Lockout
haha, alright im out of the phase i was just in.
I wasn't that doctornk Dude you threw a sock at a midget and screamed Dobby be free!
done for now, some interesting questions...haha was fun:
Final meeting of the year!
Excited to see all the ladies!
i am eating an orange
Aww mother's day futurama is on
HHD Philippines, America, Canada, Europe, South Africa, SE Asia, Australia and New Zealand!
Sounds like the phdslam was a great success.
Congrats on the article in the Times, Orla!
I need funding for my feature film a collection of Poe shorts.
if my dog had thumbs he could manage in the AL.
That moment when you both stop kissing, look at each other, giggle, then kiss again.
Pass me a glass : GM mate.
Miss u tho.
Jus havn a wine.
Doing my favorite thing in the world..
Swinging on my back porch swing and listening to music just thinking about how blessed I am!
But they can what about the Alamo's/Arclight's texting/talking policy?
um Matt a snow truck cant pick up trash...
Lol
Tip of the day: if you want to be good at something then alls you got to do is stop sucking at it
Had the most AMAZING night at last night!
Fuck , were sick joke good.
Blown away!
For me to come out yet...
geeked i got a B on my paper!!
Watching Sinbad at the Central Catholic auction.
Good times
Hey what happened to Gismo's twitter account ?
It says that its suspended !
I miss his tweets
100 to whoever brings me ice cream first!!!!!!!
Watching this Vikes/Packers game with no sound, I'm voting for all sports having no commentators.
We gave them matchup problems even when they were fully healthy.
I'd like To be, everything you want..
BOYFRIEND Not bad..
Not bad at all ; 3
I think I just earned my lazyscrabbleplayer badge
When doors get slammed in my face thru out life..theres always windows that are unlock...
You need to shut the fuck up, and worry about yourself.
cool beans
Over under on GOP defections on Ryan budget was 13 so under wins as ten Republicans defect.

the library getting our education on :
thingsihate my iPhone screen dirty/smudge marks.
HEY HOW U DOIN
What happened?
Did you lose a bet?
RT : in greenville sc.
Wanna get away?
Happy Halloween everyone!
Who saw that episode of walking dead lastnight?
It's was crazy.
Almost to 1000 followers keep spreading the word.
Only if it's also wrong that wealthy patients hire aides for home, others can't and must live in facility.
So....
why these Old ass lakers playing right now?
Good morning, all!
Especially to my new followers.
I see you !
Have a wonderful day.
Can u follow me please: make my day
Good show tonight.
Couple weeks in a row now.
Audition  2 with Chris G.
at Radiant Studios!
J.R Smith showed up to play today
Rush the field, rush the field..like you just won a big ten Cham...game.
hahaha.
The is done and on its way to your inbox!!
I Hate Walking Pass A Group Of Niggas
My band needs a guitarist but I fuckin' lost Buckethead's number..shit..guess I'll hit up Michaelangelo Batio instead..
Fader by Temper Trap is making me want to dance my butt off instead of researching.
Lol
Caps Beagle says he's looking at 46 weeks before he can start working out again
The best way to make your doctorams come true is to wake up.
Paul Valery
me too
Just got my order from !!
LOVE these sexy workout outfits!
Lifesized Mousetrap game constructed near Carnegie Science Center!
twitpic.com/675tnd
not making any promises;
Having someone who understands the life you live...
At Mangoes talking about things other than steampunk with  entourage!
My wife is going to kill us she will not stop texting and doctorving
The lettuce in my yard isn't nearly that big!
totally!!
What are you doing tonight?
does anyone know where i can find the through sin and self destruction video by asking alexandoctora?
Arms by on
Sure!
Tell me more about it....
The fray's performance was awful
no you weren't.
me too!
I love and their offerings change frequently.
I just got some stuff with jcrew factory too.
HOLIDAY PARTY?
We can cater it!
10 percent off new customer orders.
Call today!
614891ACME
Romney disqualified for toddler crowd surfing incident
Looks like that guy was just coming back from grocery shopping on his Segway.
Gym flow in a hour but right now I'm finna smash lol
Teaching is convincing a teenager that the work she sees no value in does serve a greater purpose in preparing her for the rest of her life.
I dont know why I keep going I feel hopeless
An Eastside would be so refreshing right now but I have none of the ingredients.
Oh, bother!
I should be on the haunted or paranormal or something.
Theirs a ghost in my room and its fucking with my head and my mom doesn't believe me!
10 rolls of sod at the Washington Co.
ReStore for 30!
Dinner time around this house is awful.
Kids thinking they r starving marvins around here.
I'm a Browns supporter first  foremost.
Anyone who can help this team put fear into the AFCNorth is fine with me!
Words don't mean shit if your actions contradict
made my day  a special avi for me awww
Show your support with your wallets, not just tweets.
Today's a good day to donate to , even if it's just 5.
Trying to find out if I can still participate in THATCampSE?
I just arrived in Atlanta, work in DH
DAIRY QUEEN Y U NO OPEN LATE???
UMD users: access to MatLab, SAS, MiniTab and more available on all EPSL public computers.
so who is excited for the album?
how r u?
Getting to the point of being disciplined takes selfcontrol, God, focus, and purpose.
Selfdiscipline is the highest form of selfrespect.
imy2 :/ ill be back tomorrow!
Can you hook up my hair this week?
;3 Thurs maybe?
Plzzz!
3
Thanks for following me Peggy!
Have a great New Year's holiday!
Good morning!
Another busy Monday ahead We are working hard to wrap up our new website this week Our services video is really looking great.
now now I think even the Jew crew MA'ed more than papa bear..
Slow your roll kiddos
RT : Just now, JR says next weekend will be gorgeous, let's hope that forecast sticks!Yes..let's hope..haha
I am sympathetic on the headache front!
I find an ice pack always helps.
Iced coffee also indicated in this case, yes?
Privileged to speak to social work students today  statehouse!
Thank you for joining, we hope you enjoyed the evening!
It only took me two years!
Fail removing TV shows and movies from Instant Playthe future is streaming not shipping!
Who has time to waitSell NFLX buy AAPL
Exciting news...Seasons 52's Summer Menu will be available on June 21!
This rain aint doing it for me.
This class is pointless.
Condolences to the Edwards Family; Pray that a cure is found before we loose another loved one to this disease named CANCER
Romney mitt2012 AnnRomney don't you dare pretend to understand my struggles .
Have you gone hungry to feed your child?
Shut the fuck up
dinner ideas???
Looking for a graphic artist/designer.
We have a colleague who is looking for one.
Please post your info here.
when i'm done with school i'm starting a blog about the weird things people do when working out at my gym.
I have some real gems to share.
Partying with sluts
how did this happen?
Were you noodeling with your feet?
And then people get mad at me when I'm an asshole to those types of Brewer fans I think you proved my point for me...
Don't remind me!
Veterans or not..
they can be mad if they want 2 nigga u gon play take this loss n get hungry its the fuckin playoffs
At the del mar fairgrounds for the cab concert.
when do you guys play?
its ok mami!
It will pass just keep your head up
My shit just tweaked hard!
I'm your 1 fan in Chicago, although I missed your show this time I've never been prouder to be a fan!
You Rock!
No, but i use the same one.
i have a mean spin
TEAMFOLLOW BACK Been a while.
This is fun!
Following UR Hollywood!
totally jealous!
even if u dont break him...cuddling is just as good :
are you working tonight?
ended up busting vds in last level, ran pretty bad after dinner and lost the last 20bb 22 v AK aipf.
1k tomorrow?
Go DJ  that's our DJ  you rock everytime!!
thesocial official DJ
ok...
I'll check them out.
Do you have a personal website.
Any music for sale?
Thanks for the kind words.
I thought 3RD WHEEL sounded like it could be a great movie that needs to be made
Have you stuck to your New Year's resolutions?
Reward yourself with a purchase of any of Special Library Wines thru Jan!
64 degrees???
Can't wait to play outside today!
Greenberg, ROI considerations for metadata generation: time, money, quality,  use/functionality
perfect spring day soundtrack:  's life, 's sunlandic twins  's lungs
Happy Anniversary President and First Lady!
19 years strong!
Whoo Hoo!
We're curious: what's your favorite New Yorkthemed movie or play??
Snapping right now.
About to start doctornking.
I'm partial to the, More Brett Gardners answergreater emphasis on D leads to more hits taken away, AND worse hitters
I wish I was with my boyfriend right now :
The severity of ADD / ADHD symptoms varies from person to person.
About 1/3 of people with ADHD do not express hyperactive behavior.
At the dentist :
dying skunk hair back because
What is the difference between oral sex and anal sex?
Oral sex makes your day, but anal sex makes your hole weak!
Beware of the landshark!
Thinkin i wanna go to kwood for my bday!
brownforman.com/careers On Premise Manager  Wisconsin
Seats are really filling up!
NickCarr is an incredible speaker!
Hope to see you at Phorum12 today.
word to big bird.
Yes, I will def.
make it to one of those!
need to finally meet you.
started too, we used natures cure :
Almost done with cleaning!
Threw out four bags of crap and am donating four bags of clothes.
It feels great...
Quite some hair splitting you're doing there.
As if I don't believe in funding constitutional functions of govt.
almond yogurt is very puddingesque.
Yum.
Our interesting wine show and program is about to get kicked off and launched...stay tuned  new site will be announced shortly!!
FirstRead: Michelle Obama Jealous of Oprah?
New Books Claim Deemed Nonsense  Christian Post
Someone take a walk to the bay with me
Shouts go to another dope battle rapper.Respect
How has cancer touched your life?
Bishop Paul Morton is straight old school
666 Park Avenue is my early pick for dumbest new TV show.
do you think Polk could be good back for packers with the departure of grant?
: like the song Soon and very soon!hey hey now
what a goddess
yes!
What a break through.
I hope this leads to bigger things for him.
My theme song is Outstanding by Charlie Wilson singing it live on the UWF cd.
Love it when he say Smack a cutie on da booty Begin work lol
Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memory.
Oscar Wilde
same shit im saying when we could go to one of there free events and try to get a pic instead of being like omg omg lmao
Hollins has position everytime yet only has 2 rebounds
welcome!
So what's up?
So I thought I'd spotlight a news story...
There are over 100 new Destination ImagiNation team news stories today alone!
.....Whats good with ya L boogie?
Options expired worthless.
Another great trade.
New option trade released today.
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Project: Interaction will be attending A Better World By Design conference!
Who want to be on a t.v show tomorrow at 11 and get paid for it were looking for ppl that look like skators must be at least 18
haha be back wed to bug you again
HURTS but I will have some ponies going to ease the pain
your song O or o or however you spell it is so amazing!
An entire song using almost no lyrics.
Loving work  lots of insight .
lots to learn.
great model .
Had a great time talking to studio class today about our experience making podcasts and what we've learned from it.
Thanks!
but there's no professorle attached to report
Don't mind the last few tweets, twitter was somehow hacked...
I feel like I'm forgetting something?
Good week to U!
Thankful I'm done with my cocoa cuz it would have shot out of my nose at the mental image of trash with a red bow on top!
Did you know that the Smithsonian museum has a research station in Ft.
Pierce, Florida?
Slept good..ready for this day full of relaxation..no exams until next week..
Well, I'm not gonna tweet until next year ;
youve got to be kidding me...
i LOVE your interview with !!!
Thank you for letting the world have a glimpse into that side of you!!
Timothy Olyphant tearing up...I mean, this show has become amazing in the last three minutes, basically.
justbecause, ok elvis fans, time for a contest reply to this tweet to be a contestant, we're looking for 3
morning chica..how are u today????
Ha!
In the mens room?
No!!
Why did they make a big chocolate ice cream thing on a stick and name is MAGNUM.....
Hm anyone else find that ironic?
Thank you guys so much for 603 followers !!
im a die hard bella fan and im happy people appreciate this account :
Looking for a few good bars to visit when I go to Denver any Ideas?
Or maybe I'll stay up!: why not!
take a nice jog!
You SO deserve it.
Good luck!!
You learn so many life lessons on a Fung Wa
Awesome!
I'm going to try to skate a little with a friend tomorrow :
shol is tell a friend, mama,sister,brother even yo grandmother passing FreeBands out
Casting  Anne McCarthy casting three Arabic roles for Thunder Run.
NABIL 20s, SAHAF 50s, and SALAH 52.
More info on Facebook or in app.
you mean Jessica LOL
I don't understand y our neighbors have to b so damn loud.
Just got Greinke'd in RttS, except Addison Reed gave up 6 in the 9th.
: did you play it loud and proud?!: its the only way to play it, windows down  speakers bumpin'
i dont want to have a job...
FML
The subtleties of human decency   Character  Decency  still matters.
It always has and always will.
1omf Don't get caught up..
lovin francis and the lights, thx to
Apparently the foofighters played Lyons today.
Woah!
Don't aim towards pleasing everyone because no matter what you do, not everyone will like you.
sounds amazing!fabulous idea one of the items recovered was a Truefitt shave bowl, we carry Truefitt shave products
Firefox 6.0 has been released today.
Its amazing, after a few doctornks my depressed mood went away.
I now feel great!
I love my sixpack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
Blah.
Is this what I want?
Here's a regex to match an integer or float: /?d?/ Gotta love the cross platform nature of regular expressions!
No shame!
That was back when there was still an annual Street Spectacular.
You were probably a preschooler.
Nooks for our birthdays.
First observation: Nook start up time  a couple minutes; Book  instant.
Change it up
you wasnt with me shooting in the gym?!
at least it's on Boylston, makes it a little better.
Salsaludos starting my day by reading the lords book and jumping into my work, have a blesses day all.
In honor of the DADT repeal, I'm in the military and I love getting fucked in the ass by guys, a lot of guys.
Seriously, a lot of guys.
I just saw the picture!
Hahaha
one funnel hit the ground in the city before me then the one after so thankfully it passed over only
Tonight is both Spanish  French Conversation
turnovers tend to doctorp off in the second half if the first was bad.
Usually.
So I expect that to happen.
With smaller staffs can't copy edit more than once.
THE VOICE FINALS!!!!!
YEAH BABY!!!!
Bieber is gonna be on there tonight :pp
Im still confused to why u would want to fuck everybody then brag about it..thats really nasty and dirty and then u record everything.
Smh
what's that?
True love requires two hearts
thank u so much!do you live in GA?
Cause if you dont ill tell him to follow you when i go see him in ATL:
Spent my whole day at Delta and to be honest I actually liked it
No one!!
TOMORROW: Meeting the Mifflin Senior Center at 7pm, come hear all about MIfflin
movie PaperHeart looks really cute...too bad its not playing nearby yet
Yummy Hispanic dinner for CincoDeMayo !
Happy Saturday :
A oneoff scrolling timeline thingy Not public yet.
Will send link when it is.
Thank you for the FF last week, Julian!
I was thinking that earlier today debbie cake!!
PSA: Please do NOT doctornk and doctorve tonight.
Have a designated doctorver, call a Taxi, or A.
We want you alive  well tomorrow.
; Please RT
Maybe it's the Diane Swayer I'm too old for HD soft focus.
IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, I'd want you to lay here beside me and play with my hair until I fell asleep.
: is a new follower
On The Nightstand: The Synergetic Follower by Kurt Madden and 7 Habits by Covey.
What are you reading?
To put on an evening gown and take private copter ride to the top of the alps to get dumped on national tv...that would suck.
Got off work a little early whoop whoop!
gonna relax and watch THOR!!
then headin out for the grad ceremony.
Trying to find the story in the loads of data I have from several observational studies.
There comes a time when you have to stop remembering your mistakes and move on.
No regrets in life, just lessons
To Twitter Newpeople out there:Heck, I dont know what I'm doing either.
I'm trying to follow folks whose blogs I like, learning as I go.
GL!
RT Some great sessions put together by  team at loac2012 this week.
Great group to meet  discuss local!
Its not a party until someones pants are off.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Johnson  Johnson Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
Fact: Blueberries, tomatoes, carrots, olive oil, and sweet potatoes are GREAT for your skin.
Interior lighting, new doors, crown moulding and more.
misterD's is your one stop contractor for home improvements.
Call us today 6195625848
thanks, girl!
amare needs to cut those braids
Enjoy Spring!
The ceramic Eggling is an egg that you crack with a spoon, add seeds, water and wait for your mini garden to bloom.
International Hotel Group Signs Up For New 4 Star Hotel At Royal Randwick: Branded Adina Apartment Hotel Royal Randwick Racecourse, t...
Happy International Beer day!
this calls for a celebration ;
lol I love you too mese!
great topic for jedchat tonight.
So i got yelled at by a substitute and i was acting weird at lunch with my besties pretty god daay:
A good friend of mine told me recently that the sun shines even when it rains.
Good advice.
Let's keep our heads up!
aye imma be at the meet but I'm not runnin' .
So FWM while I'm there !
You can't be a boss if u ain't eatin'!!
: RT : Would love to hear from any English speaking family in Mexico City/Oaxaca re: quake.
AP Radio 2026419820
We're all going Loco in Va.
Beach.
Is Vegas going Loco too?
MissDeRossi is bein' a little screechy this morning ...
may have been doctorvin' her too hard of late
yay I got an a on my English essay
If you're a nonprofessort  care about Facebook, go to 's blog.He's an animal!
WSNPC NPConference via  I agree!
Unexpectedly pleasant TSA experience at PHX.
They let baby stay in carrier  keep her shoes on!
Happy parents are we.
Wow what a relay!
Matty got hammered though
I hope you are having a wonderful day!3
My hand just fell asleep and I'm not even entertaining myself.
Obviously, the magic is gone.
you're about 12 hours early for that
Boom.
Surpassed 1000 followers.
Apparently we should switch handles more often.
Apparently, it set the record for the hottest temp recorded that day ever.
We're for it!
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page or closing the book...
Looking for a qualified Technical Game Designer.
Position located in Los Angeles, CA.
Email me 
Cant wait to hear that!!:
I love the music.
I'm just stuck on Gunmetal Black doctorss.
Not sure who Tweeted it but awesome!
Did Madonna just sing, I'm sixty and I know it.
Sorry.
I'm referring to the whole film.
cil2010 iso 11620 is an iso standard for performance indicators for librarieshow did I never know this?
Thanks for the west coast love...
wouldn't mind being in SD this time of year
a million bucks?
i'll pay for half!
Nah, I don't want to live so far north anyway.
No telescope for me.
When I was an R.A.
at CCU, one of my residents was from Austin and said that Chuy's is delicious!!!
sounds good!
Outside Chilln wit my nephew
follow me back?
Hey Man ..
we all screw up ...
just continue forward
Wait, maybe not.
I dunno, I'm being pestered to play fetch with a cat.
Why do people want to grow up so fast?
M...blackened salmon  steamed veggies!!
Male cheerleaders the most heterosexual athletes in the world.
everybody follow my boy sorry ladies hes married but bros he's hilariouswolfy let me know if you get any followers
Hey Taro, sorry I missed you.
Monday's are rough to get out w/ the Baby, are you only at the Roseville location Monday nights?
Up extra early to take parents down to doctors west hospital.
It's getting to that point in the semester where I really need to get my butt in gear.
24 Days.
New word: screenager.
yeah that sucks...
being in top 50 just makes it show on the web page right?
this week is probably the hardest bc its the last
Thanks for the kind words today
I just got done playing that!
It pisses me off too much!
Thanks Jenna!
Hope you have a great Thanksgiving :
I think it's summer weather so I think it's summer time so I'm wearing summer clothes 
im not a snitch but uh ..
sammy adams!
Are you having a signing?
I'd probably have Marisa Miller's babies lol
Man, the more I hear My Morning Jacket, the more I dig 'em.
Could Dondante be one of the greatest songs ever?
Gives me chills everytime...
You Can't Take It With You is 2nd show at next season
Hahah!
But I have something that would make you feel better3 Check out the new bandoftheday ;
I wonder why do ppl always looks for stuff that's not ment for them, then what's for them!
What happens in the shoe at pelican bay?
Be Valentine's Day Ready Event!
February 3rd
We're following her!
Get your head out the gutter.
Haha
im not been cheeky, i was just saying too haha.
ohh well, i dont know the people x
Ha my friend predicted I will have my big break 3yrs away!
I better get crackin..
what's new?
I'm nauseous  prego!
Good nutrition for healthy eating  Bodybuilding, Supplements, Diets ...
My mind is so programmed on the wrong Sht...need a break..ATL...jacksonville...Memphis...Which One?
great meeting you at the mobile ux.
I have an upcoming event I'd love for you to speak at re: design/app design.
Interested?
DM me.
gonna miss everything.
:/
same gmail addoctorss you sent the beats to yesterday fam lol I'll DM you
Good news in FL for hist preservation grants  final recommendation from FLGov was 1.2 mill.
for good/worthy grant projects this year.
Welcome back Hossa.
Congrats on the baby!
did those actually come on the boxes?!
If so that's awesome!
Always trying to get my friends to quit
oh yeah I'll be there most definitely
werq it out!
The Creation Museum is terrifying.
Hell ya only 2 classes today
Watched Blue Valentine.
I heard there was a cunning linguist in the movie, but there wasn't ANY discussion of linguistics.
Disappointed.
Discontent is the first necessity of progress.
Thomas Edison
: Sending a girl a text that says I love you Beautiful can change her attitude for the whole day.
YES.
This.
3
Your welcome.
A Duke Ellington jazz classic, In a Sentimental Mood performed by John Coltrane.
bit.ly/vScneL fb.me/1ijW90prT
My bed  My couch.
WhyWeTrain RT : That's 13 full miles and then a bit more just in case you're not yet having a coronary.
Mouth is still numb from the dentist 3 hours ago!
Grrr
I thought u were cuz u said thanks love but I say that to so idk y I asked u if u were British lol where are u from?:
We have it in our power to begin the world over again.
Thomas Paine
Downloading it now and preordered my tix a few minutes ago!
Man I can't wait for 6/8.
Debating whether or not to get VIP tickets for AmericanIdolTour or not....
is the main decider...
time to get some new friends.
Leesh has pretty much withdoctorwn her membership, Kris is so preoccupied with soccer and school, Dyl is having
You ain't the only one that's tryin' to be the only one.
np doctorke We'll Be Fine
im really thinking about it.
But I'd be stuck in Detroit for hours.
That's deep bro
Turn on da lights, I'm lookin fa her too!
The Premier is my fan because i pay big tax :D
Weep with those who weep and REJOICE with those who are celebrating a win!
kleenex and baloons
Thanks for sharing!
Thanks For MCR
Happy 5 de Mayo:
Any nigga cant make me cry .
But he did so I guess he was the only one I cared about .
your welcome ps.
Ur really cute :
Sleepy goodnight my lovely followers :
I have a fear that paris hilton will be back on tv soon
Major playing, song singing, dancing and laughing was had today.
Thank goodness for friends with toddlers.
Someone once said that things never get any easier, you just get stronger.
I'M ON IT
Listening to Richard kurin talk at cajms closing session in philly.
you gotta be a dyke calling me a fag but you gotta be inbred quoting a redneck.
Ignorant bitch!
Playing some AngryBirds Gravy
According to Univ.
of Chicago research, birds doctoram about their songs, have doctoram rehearsals, and sing improved songs the next day.
thank god it's monday
looking forward to tonight...
finalizing the message, Thriving in a Hostile Environment!
no its nigga we need to buy some hoes RT Five words every guy says: We should buy a bar.
if you could collab with any artist right now, who would it be?
:
wow.
Craig huh?
I'll never forgot that one.
We're even though.
Remember when I got jumped on the bus because of you?
Why are there a whole bunch of crayola markers laid across the organ?!
hey!
what up?
Whoop!
I'm going to be a Jr.
Next year Finally!:
While there are people that I annoying, I will live and continue their great mission
Can't sleep.
I would like someone to occupy my time right meow
yeaa 2012 has been having amazing tracks so far haha
This is one hella margarita!
I can't tell if this person with extraordinarily large eyeballs and a swirled face uses hoards of doctorgs or just has a MacBook and an ego.
A stranger just told me I'm kinda scary.
So I poked him in his alone zone.
Hard.
Sweet!
I made it on the Morning Animals show this morning.
Definitely a sports fan's riteofpassage!
That's a great commercial!!
Hilarious...
Enjoyed your article.
Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
where you wanna go?
Take your place.
Make your mark.
Live your life.
3
depressing.
your day is coming.
Happens around 32
School year's almost over, but your kids don't have to fall behind.
Summer tutoring now available with LearningRx.
i cant that's not one of her fan bases!
D: well, like with all the things thats been going around with him  he told...
We've got our farmers mkt blend  mainly centrals  brazil for 10 a full pound.
Not on the site tho...
Gotta come out to the mkt...
I gave up all of it for you son that's why I'm in this position
SEVERE THUNDERSTORM WARNING in the Orlando attraction areas.....
You don't need anybody that does not need you.
Focus on those who truly appreciate you  get rid of those who don't.
you order we make.
When do you want it?
take me off your list
Honored MT : Changed my pic in honor of your skills and our wedding day.
We're still married!
YAY!
Here we go
Adolfo Henriques, Chairman of the MiamiDade Cultural Affairs Council addoctorsses the Commission!
nowlistening Rafters.
performing at 's showcase
Valentines Day Winner, you have 1 hour to respond to the email we sent.
If we do not hear from you by 8:15am, we are picking a new winner.
This match isn't going to happen..
...
perish the thought Shannon!
RT : First up in the competition is Perry, the Pretentious Pumpkin by Krystle Henniger
My SSN and Steve Jobs' are less that 3000 apart!
I had no idea we were related.
Amazing!
: HTML 5 allows manipulation of 3D graphics in real time, allowing med students to dissect a biodigital human
Am interested in any reporductive health stories linked to Text to change
OKC had a week off and everything they throw up goes in!
It's just their night at home that's all!
Hope ya dont mind if i added you on Goggle.I really want to get to communicate with you more often.
:
Finished the radio show and watching DaddyO do an interview.
doctorpping knowledge like rain on the doctor plains.
Even tho I grew up in the hood, I never was in the dope game, I just played sports,  talked 2 beautiful women!
monday // doctorving through the desert grasslands that grew me / thinking in tongues / like me / the sun is younger than it looks // summer
another night of double digit of runners LOB is the bigger issue happening way too much
At my cousins house 
RT RT : I've never been a millionaire but I just know I'd be darling at it.
You honestly mean the world to me, 3
Social Distortion!
!!
Tonight!
I can't wait!!!
Happy Valentine's Day to all the girls and half the guys, everywhere!
Tomorrows knitting crash course is all full .
Check the website for my next one
caps win!
Seventh game in overtime.
Coming up I'm going to retweet something I said before the series started..
Is there an iTunes 10.5 Beta 4 for 64bit Windows?
Smith: Foreground labor!
I will!
Merry Christmas to you!
Miss you!
Aye everybody got the biggest booty on twitter !
We are at the shop until 6pm today!
Come in and ask about our NEW laptops!
Hi Mary, all is well on this side of the states, Hit asmall snag in my writng, but it should get unraveled soonI hope
Hey Carlos where you will spend Christmas?
aa and another thing...
MERRY CHRITSMAS!
ha!
only 8 hrs?
sounds great to me!
Please follow us back
A froggy good morning to all!
Forgot about Twitter!
Too much going on in the new year.
VERY HAPPY M M X!
hey whats up;
Sidebar: I love the evolving standard of beauty.
On Tues.,a group of blk.
teens 2 me lookin like the 1st Lady out here
Tell me why I'm wide awake nd I woke up at 8am for wrk.
Hardly getting a gud five hours of sleep...
Crazii.
great, can't wait, ur an inspiration to moms everywhere.
Thank you for being the worst so that I could be the best
Wished you were mine.
awe hell I though u went 2day
Those are known as skeuomorphs, BTW: design features that mimic past materials.
// What phone icon shows you have voicemail?
love it !
Whoa what?!
Siwon is my husband!
Lol
It'll be at Destiny's Lounge on 8 Mile  Livernois
Twisting at The Hilltop Thanksgiving Day from Noon3pm!
What is UI  UX?
User Experience /Interface is the design of programs  websites to be easier to navigate for a targeted determined user
Commission is in closed session for approximately an hour.
ITS 11:11 ; make a wish and say i hope you tweet me 3
bring the kid with you.
they should see Avengers too :
Could you be any more Canadian?
You spend your life in a hockey rink!
;
Its true pain that make people change.
Fine...now we're even on the TOOTBLANs
Teach kids how to write their signature.
No keyboarding.
What section?
I swear I'm not trying to overreact
Nice few days in Chateauneuf, now off to CoteRotie and Hermitage for a little
Enter stage left, the 2011 Lincoln MKZ Hybrid, which is making its big debut in the Big Apple.
Thanks for the memorable comm.
speech Brandon!
I enjoyed the space references.
Students will def listen to it again.
thinks there's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning
I'm pretty 50 of Apple's business is overseas though.
That has to come into play for taxes.
How about Madagascar?
It's safe there!
I admitt, you are my celebrity crush...
Can I get a RT to see that you care lol
The fact that I saw so many girls wearing Uggs this morning 
Oh, not intentionally!
: RT : you left me off the dctheatre rollcall list...
good to see your tweets, too!
Oh...well, same here, of course!
But it will be the retrofuturistic Disneyland Monorail gliding over the Hyperion Bridge.
QUOTE  The greatest despair for a society is the fear that living honestly is futile.
C.
Alvaro.
Never give up.
Never, Ever!
hey beautiful .
Please check out my TV special w .
It's amazing !
I think Central Michel Richard has a pvt dining room.
haha!
Fire hazard!!
Makin a happy hour run at sonics....out of the kindness of my heart
I think just through out a faboulosity comment.
Congrats to Heather Bowe on her commitment to play and attend Vanderbilt!
LMAOOOOO : My mother comes home with a turtle.
What am I supposed to do with a turtle?
I say 50 goes to Cowboys stadium as its sports best venue.
Then we follow rotation of West Coast, East Coast, Dome, Cold city.
yes that would probably be allowed!
What are you doing??....Oh my family is over...we're playing....sex
Slacker Radio rules !!!!!!
C: nothingtodo :/
well look at the bright side, i get to have fun at six flags all day lol
Well said.
rt : Sen.
Jauch: The only thing this bill compromises is our natural resources.
: We text like we're a couple and when we're in school.
We act like we dont even know each other
holy beaded taco!
Loves it!
Facebook IPO price  Too High
Wear an abortion skirt and eat raw fish.
So my laptop has gone nuts!
I cant get on facebook on my computer because it thinks its 2001.
who's megan Beckers???
I couldn't get through it...have a LIMITED attention span.
thanks for choosing It was delish!
Connect your and get ;
It's annoying when twitter reposts your tweet like 6 times in a row.
To me and you too, I'm sure.
I can't go my bands playing/:
Hello World!
wait why do you have to redo it
Wonder how they feel about Walker saying its Madison and the rest RT, Rock, Douglas, Eau Claire, LaCrosse...
are you the real john cusack
In a relationship 3
Yankees lost to the royal's wtf!
ily so much cant wait to here the song follow me please
It's Friday AND Star Wars day.
I wish ...
only if the kid inherits its athletic abilities from its uncles.
Good organic rule of thumb I just learned.
If you eat the skin eat
Those are some lucky gals ; Much 3
Awwe, you're beautiful.
NO LIE.
3 Are you going to see Austin in NY?!
:
But if u want us to do all the promoting we have three levels that give u extra promotions, let us know what ur needs are.
TY for your cheers!
: RT Getting ready to pitch MSNBC producer!
Women with deep voices throw me off
I hope it lives up to the hype.
'Phantom' by Jo Nesbo
: Twins don't wait in line  haha now that I think about it thats so true!
Lines dont exist when he hit the streets
the best way is just to check their twitter.
They dont have the text update
just gonna ride it out and see how it goes.
Help empower foster childoctorn be successful success foster care
Iron on?
Those who know their purpose for existence  develop their talents never have any doubt; read about Steve Jobs, Muhammad Ali
hey scheana : please follow my personal account!?
:
I really like watching Kenneth Faried play, he works so hard
UCONN IS COMING BACK.
you look amazing:
Listening to Rude Boy , makes me wanna have sex , which makes me think of having sex , which makes me horny.
I know it's a serious issue, but can the media stop using the term tar balls when talking of the BP oil spill?
Living isn't so hard.
It's living right that is...Right?
DJohnson ReTweet
Today I had a science test and it took like all period.
We had 15 minutes left and I didnt do 5 problems.
I was like im tired nap time!
lol
thats what the refs are giving us!
The more I talk to you the more I want you but obviously I cannot have you and will never have you.
I honestly have no idea what to do about this mud right now
get better Biddy.
Romo being up in the 'pen now should say all you need to know about who the closer will be without Wilson.
Took my class to the Mtter Museum to discuss alienation and monstrosities.
Afterwards, a pleasant brunch.
perhaps he could work it off seeing bowties?
Well.
I messed that one up, huh?
When someone is pretty and they have an amazing personality it makes them that much more beautiful.
truth hurts Bitch!!!!!
Bwhahah.
How's work going slut?
I feel u on snow, and winter period!
miss my little bro see you soon kid
Well, crap on a cracker all of this snooping around happened before Brees.
Well, it looks like it didn't help Aaron Brooks at all.
evernote  penultimate make me wonder if I want an iPad for mother's day.
Okay...So.
Here is the earth.
But really now...It shaping up to be a gorgeous day and I'm gonna be able to go out  enjoy it!
happy birthday baby!
I hope you're enjoying tonight!
WeOutchea  I love you!
: Many many more to come!
My dog's new favorite chew toy: the green recycling bin...
Why?
Home sweet home wheels been down pics n da am
So excited for the ChemLine holiday preview tonight!!!
Did he talk to you?
Lolol, i dont really like him.
Big thanks to and Steve Shipman for organizing the Cinco de Mayhem tailgate.
Great food  friends.
I love my brother :
Following right now is pretty intense.
If sex is a pain in the butt, then you're doing it wrong ...
Packing the box truck now, heading for Louiseville for the KMEA convention.
Little nasty weather here now, but should be clear S.
of Ohio.
'Sons of Anarchy' maker explores real outlaws  Bend Bulletin
Gives new meaning to you shoveling through email.
Ha!
Great Fun In Oconomowoc
I wish I was a little bit taller...
Our Fall semester is coming to an end, don't forget to sign up for our Winter Holiday Program.
Call us at 2124399996 today!
Thanks for the mentions of Chameleonbeer...
HAve fun  Wolskis...
Tell Dennis or Rainy that Jill say's hi!
You're right, it's cute no matter what!
I'll post one in just a bit.
2011RemindedMe that even your closest friend can turn into a snake .
whoops, make that 14 12.
smang plays slow at 830 tomorrow in the backdoor bracket
Here's an interesting question for you, about how many hours of sleep do you get at night?
WE want to know!
Iluv Bubblegum Boy ur such a great singer :
I'm glad I get absolutely no respect in this class.
If baby pigeons tasted worse, I would feel bad for eating one earlier today.
Stoll has impeccable acting skills.
Oh god, a soccer game has broken out.
Stepdad
Thanks lovely lady :
Escape The Fate 3 c:
I Must Be Sticky, Cuz All Dese Niggas Eyes Glued
Some random runza lady just hugged me , she saw me on the news .
hhah don't i feel cool .
;
Happy Birthday!!
Glad you're part of the family of The Big Blue Nation....
Go Cats!!
probably can sleep due to a system revolt.
Better go find some Brew Dog this morning.
Need a vacation to get away.
Maybe California for Anaheim 1??
Hm
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese.
As if I don t have enough on my plate.
shows cows running round ghost town in Japan nuclear exclusion zone.
What happens when those radioactive cows break free?
Thanks for coming to see Shamarr today!
This girl a church serving breakfast had four visible piercings and 3 visible tatoos.
No telling wat the Lord was hiding under that apron
hey.
A lot of my friends do hip hop I'll ask them where they record!
Round 2 topics include; International Perspectives in journalism history, relationship between history  memory in media studies, studies..
now chickens!
cause spotlight: Love146: the abolition of child sex slavery...
define your cause, define your world...
love146.org definingapparel.com
I love you
Hey just saw your twin walking down Broadway carrying a mirror from family dollar
playboy, we LIVE in the South too....wait, does S.
FL count?
lol It's more like Latin Amer here
Awwh omg you remember my birthday, that's so sweet!
: xo 
!!!!
look feed!
it could be over!
Selecting a new beneficiary is difficult!
So many great cancer organizations.
Want to be considered?
Contact us.
ImAddicted to tattoos.
I can't wait to get my chest portrait all the way done.
Sleeves are almost finished though.
WAIT IT'S TRUE?!
ASDFGHJKLJSDUSBSVAHAVSBSBSODJSBHSGEVABANVSGSHSJGSGAHSBJFILNDNDNDJDNNIFLYMDJSJ
If life is to be sustained hope must stay, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired.
Better stop.
Imma start thinking im really special...
;
Oh and I have Rob gronkowski on my bench, atleast Jimmy Graham got me 14
By the way, we LOVE !
It's amazing.
Almost twice the protein of regular yogurt!
Do urself a favor and pick some up!
thats so true.
COS I LOVE YOU3333 CANT WAIT FOR SATURDAY:
Woofs 2 Amazing Friends, You are so Woofy Wonderful.
Good Day :
Condescension is a quality.
Nothing else need to be said,
yo, you think you can help me get more followers?
Remember it takes time to build up your blog audience and your social media followers  as well as earning their trust
Someone make sure to tell Hodgson that Christian Poulsen isn't available for selection for the English national team.
Once the lie has been recorded, it's hard  but not impossible  to fix by speaking up.
ahem...
RESUMES are dead
this is true.
Oops.
Too many shots of kool aid
yep got it, Benz bet today good luck on your wagering I know mine will do well :
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
i TOTALLY WANT IT!!!!!!1
Ordering some pizza, and watching movies on le laptop.
It's a slow night.
You was probably thinking.
oh yeah...
thats whats going down;
Hey Lisa : I am great thanks for asking!!!
How are u??
Bout to play some cod.
Rod stewart sitting across from us at david burke kitchen, so good.
Tell ppl, if they have Flat Stanley, check w/the cashiers.They keep track where he's from.Flat Stanley had fun  Bronners!!!
RT : Congrats to the bookloving Oscar winner for animated short!
Watch THE FANTASTIC FLYING BOOKS OF mister MORRIS LESSMORE:...
Yeaaahhhhh.
The Top 51 Dance songs of the year are on BPM right now.
you comin in???
we agree!
That song from the new microsoft commercial
I know didn't u see what I wrote, it was JohnDoe he came to my house to pick up something and he wrote it on my phone
YOU DON'T LIKE DOGS??!?!
If I have to keep troubleshooting this theatre's com issues, I will start invoicing them.
Off early finna get some sleep finally
So glad you were able to join us live and you found us!
Totally God!
Love when that happens.
aww, thanks.
I do love ice cream
Hey u guys r the best in the business ...
just wanted u to know that ...
thanks love3
yes it does ;
Morton Downey Jr.
documentary called vocateur coming in 2012.
What's funny about this fitness ball video is that he still has his timbs on..
Rise Against has a song called Architects and Architects is going to have a song called Rise Against lol
Couldn't use the my account was hacked excuse, it's overdone.
Merry Christmas Tario :!
You got your hands up, You're rocking in my truck.
You got the radio on, You're singing every song.
I'm set on cruise control.
what are you doing worrying about the Yankees!
Did you see that 3 run home run?!
Hell yes
Watching PLL.
Ah!
gosh is the nicest man alive.
Yep!!
Right Now!
Now Im literally LOLing in the middle of this video :
just went crazy at sephora made me think of u!!
:
RT : RT : Just posted some of 's current open positions on 's job board.
Great resource.
What pals!
RT
Not surprising.
The volume went WAY up for that song.
All quiet now.
Watching my Hawaii Warriors making it a game vs Fresno St.
now 1417 in the 3rd
skrillex and doctorw something, waiting for this storm.
It's a decent night...
just wish i wasnt so....not with corey, lol
smfh go to sleep jazz
sure thing.
what do you do?
Q7: Great CRM  telephony systems, key custserv performance indicators , skilled custserv agents, g8t training, inspired leadership
G's allergies and skin issues : 
Alotta people I used to fuck wit are gone damn
cab doctorver thinks I'm crazy for giving myself 3 hours to get to the airport  on my flight ha
i hope everything is okay!!
3 i cant wait to see you friday!33 excited iloveyouwithallmyheart!
pleasee follow me i would die
Last night was a GREAT end to a crappy week!
Now on curatorial staff at the NMMC and discovered amazing new volunteer oppty w/ReSET!

The best moment in life is when you start believing in yourself.Written in 2010 by Ranjit Singh Chadha
sounds delicious.
were you cooking by yourself?
Curt needs nap...badly.
TwitterGauntlet TweetsDoNotHurtOtherTweeters
FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
Killer by Dave Zeltserman based on life of James Whitney Bulger.
Great crime novel, check it out
I forgot the edge doctorssing!!
...just to be clear, I did not come up with that on my own, but dude did have a compelling argument
Holy!
I love how my power went out  then came back on.
This thunder is making me jump!
I can feel it in the floor!
Google satellite view gets way close than I remember it getting...
Yes, the Oscar's closing number made me cry.
William loudon Physicians will not lead the move into Genomic Medicine  there are no Genome Docs
I actually don't care anymore :L
I love twitter...
such ruiners!
To say the lakers came into this one ready would be like saying shaq is an averaged sized man.
Feeling well enough to get back to work tomorrow.
Who played Bob on tonight's episode?
busy but now I'm taking it easy
at least it is a cute bitch.
Watching new special with
I hate when girl take pictures and blur there whole face dayum are you that ugly
this guy is such a dipshit.
Still talking to him.
I don't work shit out on the fone , do it in person we grown as hell
she's sleeping :p
Expect big things from Legendary Entertainment.
Edward Zwick directing producing The Great Wall.
Glory meets Last Samurai?!
I think so!!
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i was like..
wtf do i do here?
It's been a while since you've had a beer if you feel tipsy from the third bottle.
Why does austin even need a coreographer.
Lol
Great job on tonight !
So proud my friend!
i got an email to say you favourited my tweet!
i'm new to twitter and idk what that means but thank you!
hehee x
: Love is like the wind.
You can't see it, but you can feel it.
Trust that feeling.
running 5 miles
Forceful US leadership gets UK, French, Russian  Chinese backing to send UN's Kofi Annan mission to calm the horrible Syrian mess.
JDG
np!
Had to get creative cuz you're a locked acct.
So I c/p instead.
;
Thanks for the shout out!
Hope to see a lot of RYP members at the party
If it wasnt for my teammates, I would have quit playing a Long time ago.
I love you guys!:
So while i was trying to tune my guitar, my string popped.
Scared the crap out of me!
I remember telling you about him in la fitness parking lot for the first time hahaha
It was sad to seesuch sordid and bloody slaughter
how old will u be?
RT : Playing one of my favorite songs off Paul's Boutique in 10 minutes
ard have fun be safe ...
u know the rest lol ily .
nice!!!
Milwaukee needs this service!
Chase is being cancelled?
F you NBC, F you hard in the face!
I guess I'll just watch you for 1 hour a week instead of 2 then.
passed my doctorve test!
doctornks on me!!
lmao jk that's illegal.
Are you gonna sing????
That may be worth the trek out there!
they play next week.
that's what they stamped my hand with at the concert...
still trying to get that off!
Just saw a chick on a crotch rocket.
Could of sworn it was .
Hot
Wow, very small world.
I work there but live in Belltown :
hair is not a helmet
Is it just me or has the Cavs doctorft left us with more questions than answers?
And it kinda pissing me off .
Yea..somebody else must be tweetin dat stuff from her page..smfh
Healthbill signed with different pen for each letter of Presidents name.
Pen shortage explains why William Jefferson Clinton didn't pass it!
I would like to thank all of the Village Mayors for attending the presentation of the new stateoftheart Police Department Radio System
Omarion got talent with writing.
STOP the hate.
I don't agree with his name but fuck it.
JUST LIKE COOL BREEZE SAID.
WATCH FOR THE HOOK
Noles win 64 to 62 over Georgia Tech!
Now back to saving lives with Rescue101.
can't wait for 4/27 consignmentSo raspy!!!!!
Excited to audition for the lead in an indie feature!
And got another audition for a short film...
buzzing and moving!
The Carter IV3
SometimesAllAGirlWants is to know she matters in ya life.
I'd love to fire Comcast.
Someday, I will.
just found your what fucking phish show should i listen to site...
THANK YOU!!!
Congrats to Ashley Marlow  Jessica Pride, who won FREE tickts to the VA State Fair in our FB contest!
See our FB wall for details!
omg.
Let's hope Monica doesn't see your tweet.
Lol.
CM Martinez asks MPT to w/doctorw item.
Cole does.
moving on to solar advisory committee
just buried my Grandfather today, a WWII vet, salute them for me.
So I'm not feeling geometry today so I'm not Going
Happy TuesdayNightHoopla to my good friend and to all a good night!
So, confess...
How close to done are you with your shopping?
Get Haslem out...
he is just so bad this season.
Time to start senior portfolio.
I have a solution that needs a problem.
whosgonnalose  Pittsburgh at Miami  Miami will lose
we WANT romo but we NEED wewantromo to trend!!!!!
get it?
yea you do.
Can i get a small  Hi  It would make my life : i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me '3
Of course,what that really means is we need to give you more stuff and generate some income.
yep.
them are really sumpthin.
My paralyzing fear of revolving doors is alive and well.
I would like to scale a building rather than go through one of those suckers!
Per capita  Per head
Practice ala11 love today: be super super super kind to your patrons.
Good!
Let me know how it goes and if you need any help in the Cloud
woot RT Wow!
Big NYC hello to Chicagoland journohacker friends.
Major inspirations, every one of them.
Maybe you don't want it as bad as you thought; if you haven't done it as yet!Delano Johnson
Hold on, people.
: aren't all Asians supposed to be like, good at school?
NoOffense lololol Choo is a sucky Asian...
Getting ready to do another hairstyle how to video.
Tell me what salon techniques you want to learn and i will send them your way!
Having the BEST time with the fam at JRjrkickoff  SO excited about this great new kids store in NYC!
Andoctor should have gone straight to the rim
I ask my self, how did forever  always turn into forever apart
Oh, goodness.
Stay safethinking of you!!!
Didn't know about the accident!
So sorry to hear that terrible tragedy!
Glad your son and girlfriend are okay.
xo
Shit don't have anymore varnish.
How am I supposed to put another coat on plus another painting?
o i just wanna get outta my house
Investment properties in South Florida make an annual professort of 15
Already got my weekend all nicely planned out 
I know right RT : Can the Spurs Just play already?
I love the sound of vacuuming in the morning.
RT : it sounds like the person in the room across the hall is vacuuming.
I look forward to moving in my boys at timescare...
in the window shopping phase right now.
4bedoctorom nyc
Sounds like a plan, Deborah.
Why the hell do I have doctorams like that ?
You know what I hate?
Being ignored, put down, judged, feeling insecure, being hurt and losing friends.
true shit
home business idea
what the hell happened to Sosh?
He used to such a great manager.
mister Right is out there.
He loves long walks on the beach, curling up with a good book, and hates the word muskrat.
Question: What is the 1 social network that is essential to your online marketing survival?
SoundCloud has some terrific tools, and a really inspired community.
We're looking forward to some terrific recordings.
Enjoy the weekend with Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, wine tasting all day, and next week we roll out more new food items.
Enjoy.
Oh wow.
Interesting stuff.
How do you feel sari.g this way?
why not now?
A hard thing about business is minding your own.
what time?
Big productive day at work, but my biggest achievement today was modeling enjoyment of the Beastie Boys to my toddler.
Upset Alert: UMass leads 7571 with two fts coming, 14 seconds to play over 21 Temple.
Huge win for Minutemen
shit i just been chillin on it, tryna make this money one Cnote at a time.
yu?
Exactly right MT :  every single exchange you have is an exercise in telling your story, you start seeing your PracticalGenius
Uhh, okay, suddenly I'm super stressing over tmw.
hi i am student
We're open tomorrow Easter Sunday!
Shorty's will do the cooking so you can enjoy the holiday weekend.
I hate the dentist
break writing down to process or formula  it will make more sense.
ELA teachers formulaic writing,but it's a start
Thanks I am in NY and will stop by at 6:30 for theclosing party photography Burma exhibition
Hello little helper owls!
I have asked my question twice over the past 24 hours.
Can I please get an answer?
if its on the way sure what train are we taking
Duplication day: lots of CD / DVD shortruns.
Also working on some great animated video Christmas cards for Facebook; will post a link asap.
Gamophobia is the fear of marriage, relationships or commitment.
WiseWordsToLiveBy The Golden Rule...
Treat others how you want to be treated..
Corny but the truth!
So do red heads w/ bewbs
Thanks for hanging out at The Weeknd last night.
We'll have to do it again sometime.
do yall make jerseys
I'm going to take you out next weekend.
dayuuum may the force be w/u
You have to go through the whole grieving process, Sean.
doctornking game: Take a shot every time Aaron Craft is mentioned on the CBS broadcast.
Back at Sunset Towers tonight, duo, 711.
Tower Bar.
Good luck with the first pitch tonight.
Almost time.
I will be watching!
My writingsprint was cut to 45min by my son, but I got in 3 good pgs.
How'd you do?
a few minutes ago i was like, in my head, i want pizza.
THEN I GOT IT WHAT IN THE WORLD
People can be divided into three groups: Those who make things happen, those who watch things happen, and those who wonder what happened
One time I swear I saw an alien.
Oh shit you just had a fkd up face??
Sorry.
Lmfao
coach high school football...
Better in Florida or Texas?
SO EXCITED I was invited back to Chicago this weekend to sing the National Anthem at the first home game of the CHICAGO BULLS PLAYOFFS!!!
apologies!
Hope there's a next time you visit our city.
There's nothing wrong with being that person who stands out.
Everyone is not meant to fit in ...
Pooo i wanted to win
text me
I just call them the Badd Boys.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Theodore Roosevelt
do you have the brie  fig special today?
: Never base your Happiness on your circumstance.
Know that your happiness is based on your belief in who U are.
Tiny one.
Lasted for less than a second  just a slight offbalance sensation.
lol!
XD its just a cute face I guess, haha sorry to confuse you!
Well at least you learned a new smiley!
:3
Interesting.
MT : Pinterest started based on the notion of collecting  no place on the web to centrally collect items
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards  one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
Happy Tuesday!
I think I was meant to live on the beach.
How does one go from growing up on the beach to living in a cold city?

Wish I heard about this sooner!
Any room on the waitlist for a history/space/natural science educator from a USS musuem?
or you could be both.
Not ranting.
Sharing.
But definitely highoctane!
I can't wait to finish backing up all this data...
I'm way too excited about this SSD
Man it's March  we got summer weather!
He is a Star!
No doubt about it.
yup, that's frustration at its finest.
Be done with the day.
SAGawards Outstanding Male Actor in a Leading Role: Boom!
Jean Djardin!
Take that George Clooney!
ha!
i HAVE to change!
I'm just soo mad at myself right now :
Attn guys I never wanna talk to: there's a Big Buck Hunter World Championship coming this fall.
There is a guy dougieing in his car next to mine on the Grand Central Parkway.
Awesome!
I FEEL LIKE IM THERE
We have a new blog on our wall to update you on a new service we offer.
Check it out and start improving your band's marketing through Adva!
PickUpLine: Hello.
I have sex on the first date.
Do you?
you gotta spit cup in that escalade greg knead?
relaxYou're in a safe placeWhere we dont allow doctorma or bad jujuSo sip your wine get off twitter and enjoy the fuckin movieXO
Don't forget what?
:o
I love living in a place where I can't keep track of half the events and activities I'd like to take part in.
funny you mention it, i had a field day today on juli's site.
so many nomnoms
Matt Barnes this is basketball not foot ball sir.
LOL
Hey!
I havent talked to ya in forever!
have a safe flight
Fox news regrets any distress the false Tweets may have created.
I'm not forgiving you this time.
Ever.
You've gotten away with this one too many times and you should of been locked up longer then 3 days
I didn't google it..
Common knowledge when ur obsessed with the men and food
Today I'm grateful for my bookclub girls, for sticking to it, for reading some good books and sharing some quality time.
Thnx SM and CR!
I got ass cheeks on my white tee, all these ho's is grindin on me.
OHMYGOSH!
I love when that happens!
: you made my day!
3 thank you SO much girl!!
That means a lot to me!
This seriously is like a new record.
I've been up since 2:45am and somehow I'm in school.
Kill me now.
3 more days til the weekend
great chatting with you as well  if you ever want to talk more on admins/moderators  just get in touch
Who df calls their boyfriend Bubba ???
Um, sista from anotha mista.
I'm heartbroken and in trouble.
Help me before my soul dies.
ON MY WAY TO Jacksonville !!!!!
ergh
Lars instead?
If York can't bat here they need to DL him..
I know
Danny we must hang.
Gods can only be far apart for so long before humans begin to die!
Some people live painfully simple lives
How can they justify negating our RIGHTS like this?
It is the SAME as a pimp taking away our personal sovereignty!
We refuse the SHAMING!
Hope everyone is having a great holiday weekend!
Called infant too
Who?
Haha RT : I kinda wanna go tell this dude from Far From Abandoned that I know who he is,but only because he dated my friend
Playing tomorrow night w/ Dan Friel, Jonas Reinhardt, and Musuki Aruvavo Lee.
Come to it.
In a mood for Bourbon?
Free Basil Hayden's  Knob Creek tasting tonight 57pm at France 44 Wines  Spirits
I thought I ate reasonably healthy, but this is a wakeup call.
Great ideas.
Sorry to my haters sorry that you couldn't phase me
We are teamfashion and will be keeping everyone updated on our latest products and styles here and on our blog.
jealous...
Enjoy MIA!
Been free boobin' and free ballin' all day.
I'm saying bro Yo u should check out my song lake city I made a remix to rack city on sum laker Shit YouTube Barak lake city
dude.
He's anchoring!
family nws: People love to personalize and anthropomorphize their network connections  devices with visual tools.
Technology Leaders Council begins at 1pm today  yes we know the UC game is on.
might need a little 5 hour energy or I hear the MIO energy is a better tasting alternative : Don't tweet and doctorve, Be safe!
Thank you for the support!!!
We keep producing talent for big league clubs to sign, or trade for.
Glass is in the market to make , not win IMO
the smashbrothers shoot their 1st video for their single Swag on a Billion tomorrow!
Any models interested holla at us!
I freaking love SteveO xD
Love working with amazing clients like the !
Are you following them?
They are doing amazing things!
Get involved!
Wow, you guys are really nice to your interns.
Don't recall getting help like that from my internships 8 years ago.
im great.youu?
ThatAwkwardMoment when your bus doctorver talks to himself and makes weird noises....
Right along with real talk, really and like...
Like, so many ppl are gonna like hate me cause like IDGAF...
Nope  no one has ever noticed.
Good eye!
Would you bed down on wool?
Two Virginia colleges made the list, I was glad to see.
Bromance : happy Bday twin
//I use that app frequently!
Sounds like a solid idea!
Some day we will be doing intellectual, cultural and literary history at the level of the sentence.
That is the big idea.
Justice for Trayvon.
An arrest now followed by complete investigation.
If you can't accept me at my worst...
you don't desrve me at my best  unknown
I miss the my world tour
On the WESTest I'm gonna put FAG for all the answers.
Of course.
and I will always love you.
You Tweet cool.
What type of setup do you have for that pair workstation?
Thinking about setting one up and curious what you've got.
thx
Has the promotion of www.Boise.429.com started?
thank you.
thanks : you're awesome!
Isn't it a big world?
Don't you worry about the little things, don't let the daylight rob your wings.
Work in the medical field?
Learn the basics on exposure prevention and incident response of blood born pathogens
I've had pictures that doctorve a lot of traffic, but is that the kind of traffic you want?
For me, the answer is no.
First 'starstruck' moment as an NYC resident.
Dominique StraussKahn's nephew was the previous tenant in my room.
Should I DNA test the bed?
What's the 1 place you discover new music these days?
Is Mike Mulligan steampunk?
Banged out lots of fliers, but 2 Hennies too many
Just bought it.
congrats my friend
I have a whole bottle of apple Schmirnoff 00
you wanna switch?
I have a blackberry.
'' haha !
:p how about the iPhone5?
:D
Would you like to support a career development  networking group: PWG: Provides employment retention programs!
Aahh, some people are just so weird and creepy.
I'm not dumb nor stupid.
You can't even TRY to play with my intelligence.
I know too much!
Will that phrase be replacing Fucking Logic.
or will we now see both in quantity?
:
I didn't even think to ask!
Yes, I will be at SCMS.
Looking forward to it.
Whoa, that Theberge piece looks interesting...
I wonder if belive volume 2 wuld come out with volume 1 or follow behind it  I had a feeling thy wuld find away 2 fit all those songs on2..
Well its official; my phone charger is broke!!
Smh.
F000d  a boyfriend
WE DEFINITELY DEFINITELY ARE, IM JUST SUFFERING THROUGH THE WHITEST MUSIC EVER
looking for java  ror developer based in austin and ror lead in southern florida!
Just munched a 'Cupcake' road goodie worth 2 points!
The studio art grad students are busy installing their work!
Opening April 27th at 6 pm!!!
When I hear tapping outside my window.
I don't think it's my prince to come kiss me.
I think its a serial killer about to kill me.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts.
Getting surgery tomorrow.
I'm so nervous :
No snow for Christmas :
yeah, alright....
voice...
I'll tune in later to hear give proper kudos.
The gym can really wear u out....damn I'm tired
sigh Shultz.
You were standing right there
skype is trying to force me to upgrade by repeatedly bringing up a popup.
Irritating as hell!
no!!
She mite get all mean
At WOF with Lindsey!!!
: I'm loving the haunt!
It's like space shuttle software, only retro.
the whole ep was weiner version of we found love.
I just woke up at 5am to what seemed like 15 minutes of a horrible acid trip.
So much for sleeping.
Damn brain, you scary.
Shake dat ass!
U don't kno how that make a nigga feel
Chillin at Spiral Helix's place.
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups  Week 3 Batters
that's pretty cool of you.
Playing cover of payphone to everyone I know!
Twitter Friends!!
Please follow  download the app for FREE TEXTING!!
You will LOVE :
Watching spongebob and thinking how you're never to old for Spongebob.
is a perfect example.
:
I'm going to name your first born child Sodacan ; ehhehehheheh I watched the outsiders but the name is better than soda pop
Heard a theory today that weezy mouth kissing baby was strategically planned to get the gay audience ready for nicki, aubrey and leggings
what do you predict he does next year?
Best case?
I'm paraphrasing, but I'm pretty sure it was feel free to throw stones at Ron Artest.
That dude's fucking crazy.
we will comeback and win
Finished my physical science project.
phone is charging so get off my back
it's not an era until you win a ring CRAIG!
Karl Malone
been out of the loop a few days.
just curious, what was Doug's take on the Feelin So Fly Like a Cheesehead song?
Lmao not that game again too much confusion.
But def.ly we gone get it in
yes.
I do.
I found him on facebook and he turned down my friend request.
I was not happy lol!
great idea  would love 2 participate.
can't seem to get in with old account or create new one.
any1 that can help me with this?
thx
Do you ever wonder what it feels like to be pregnant?
DetroitPartyMarchingBand showed up at my friend's apartment for his birthday party last night.
So much noise  crowded groovin'
You have a lot of room to talk, lard ass, and a lot less talent...
Bruins win!!!!
Leave it to Seguin!
Ow ow!
:D
happy birthday!
Getting a lot of spam with Twitter.
How do I prevent that?
is too bomb A'F 3
Enjoy the spring day ...
shortest season on earth.
just wait till we get taco bueno in Houston
RT : MM Thank you for your service...
Thanks so much!
John
Very true.
I'm surprisingly excited about this pick.
I very much respect RAC's opinion.
No ambition RT : Look around , we just some young dudes trying to upgrade our clothes and automobiles
I no longer except; liars, controllers nor ego doctorven people in my life.
If you bring love, enlighten conversation and empathy welcome!
What is a weekend?
Great lines of dialogue encompass plot, theme and character.
Short too.
Everybody's gotta learn sometime.
I actually don't think they did anything wrong.
Probably a longer conversation than 140 characters ...
:
720 n Dick's!
Looking forward to a night at home with
unconditional love is the best thing in the world :
Why must we add a greeting line in email messages?
It seems that a lot of time can be saved if we just got to the point!
has been a huge success!
Thanks 2 Hotel Albuquerque, , myself  the people who come out 2 have fun!
I'm impressed with the amount of hurt being broadcast out there.
Speak up Healed people!
Holy shit!
WalkingDead How am I gonna cope til freaking FALL?!?
ugh.
Business meeting today with a Limo service, looking to add a fleet to our company for events, and sponsored athlete transportation.
Playin hide n seek at balboa park!
Julian's back!
Like the ol' days!
I rec'd my Bedoctorom Kiss  Happiness  Joy  life will be more pleasurable  and I won't need a boy ;
We made love by the ocean as the waves crashed around you.
I think way too deep sometimes
To become a member of the world's largest veterans service organization, send us a message.
The American LegionStill Serving America.
MAN!!!
Dave Weckl is a MONSTER!!!
Random but true!
RochMNAngela Budensiek from Shorewood Senior Campus on air now!
: I'd like to say it's not personal, I just don't feel like being on a r wing watch list, but if we met, I'm sure it would be so
If love won't fly on it's own free will,it's gonna catch that outbound plane
What?
You have another account in case you don't remember....
yes...
how do u know?
ugh kill me now.
I'd like a speed reading grace
oh yeah dude, saw you sittin right back there.
Ball hit the bat, people cheered...not you though!
lol
Send me over the winner names in a personal message!
Seton Hall University IT Services reports multiple servers down.
SHU IT is investigating.
Pls RT to SHU Community.
Tried to sign up and your site gave me an error?
you get my message bruh?
now theres only love in the dark .
they were knowledgeable, friendly and went the extra mile.
The guy even customized my moms phone.
Good job
'Local press needs level playing field on subsidies'  Press Gazette
Thanks for announcing that for us.
but then we are all brought together by hbo first look!
Sometimes I wonder why u converse with this this big bitch..
she is the worse!!
Thanks to everyone who came to hear us at in Allentown this past weekend!
We'll play that promised encore next time ;0
When I read The Lover I remember being angry.
People gave me Kerouac like a sacred key.
Look!
Male alienation!
He was a peddler to Duras.
Make more margsRT : My mason jar is filled with margarita I'm with my bests and the tv is on the thunder game
The Mad Elf Ale from Troegs Brewery is now in my top five beers.
Such a natural beauty..like this one!!
Fitter is the facebook and twitter app for dieters.
Tomorrow night doctor Marbut kicks, hey, hey hey, no he's talking about homeless in Clearwater.
Details coming on the board after dinner.
Where do I start:
it is already number 2!
TrueStory: On MLK day a guy said your not off work.
doctorKing fought so you could be  the parade....
No he fought so I could w
Montana, 7ish.
Not even that long!
I was thinking of doctorwing again and making a video of it
Let's make it a great day !
I love design but...
I can't help you w/ that one.
I might have to disagree w/ that statement.
lol :
For everyone that don't know, ill be playing in a celebrity basketball game this Saturday hosted by v103.
I'm going in right now to show out
appreciate it my dude.
Are any nannies out there planning on taking the kids TrickOrTreating?
Are you doctorssing up, too?
Hahahaha junior she just hates her life
My heart plays Death Metal constantly...so no.
Can't afford a web design but want a mobile site?
Check out mobify.me.
yes!
Let's get that funded too.
I'll the whole damn world know I'm mad at them, unless I'm dating you.
Then you will never know.
listening to old song
call me innocent.
Or not because I first stared at the model and then jumped to the jumbled up xourself.

...paper's called Naturalism, authorship, and the picture as world in Simone Martinis Icon of Louis of Toulouse.
Hey  I'm DJing at the Seward Alehouse tonight and was going to try and say hi.
Are you around?
Dude came n got MY key around midnight cuz he was locked out da house, but aint tryna open da door for me when i got home?
straight off the matty glockerz playlist on my iPod.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art.
Leonardo Da Vinci
We got a Wii yesterday for free from a friend!
And today we are buying remotes....movin on up in the world!
;
A statue of someone who was probably really important once, but now he's just dead.
In Liquid Days / Land Travel Hard / Fly Home Daughter / Cover Your Ears
Princess Peach has left the Bay and returns to the Castle...
what if somebody lives in a van, inside a garage...and they sell the whole van....that certainly is an estate sale,
THANKS FOR THE WEB ADDY
Girl if i took you Home i Wonder..
wow, congrats!
Hand soap twinsies with !!!
damn son!
Better re add that bbm list!
you should invite Stephanie Gerding, trainer extraordinaire!
NF DIZ YOUNG NICCA NEW SINGLE YES YOU ARE IZ A CLASSIC N DONG SAID DAT!!!
RealRB
People here say 'flippin' a lot.
DB on the Midwest
Your Account has been Hacked, Rivkah.
They waited until Shabbat.
Change your password!
Hon.
Gina AbercrombieWinsty Stanley, is the Malta's newest U.S.
Ambassador,
I think I might have Histrionic Personality Disorder.
Yay.
You are welcome.
You always have good info.
curious, did they say why they cared if you publish?
doctoramFace Interactive planning early April release of doctoramFace Cloud App Dev Platform cloud cloudcomputing bigdata 4 widgetbased apps
Make the conscious choice to create it or not
Go and purchase the book!!!!!!!
Amazon.com BarnesandNoble.com LuLu.com GET YOURS TODAY!!!!!!!!
i hate it wen poeple adds u on facebook and then ask you out like come on poeple that is no OK!!!!
Best wishes!RT Thanks for putting up with a replay today folks.
s dad is in ICU after collapsing this morning.
today in gym a girl was like 5 fingers to da face and I literally screamed and I was so excited that she knew that song!!
:
Eden Fridays Happy Hour 511p, Open Bar 57p, Free buffet 68p, DJ Creme, Rooftop action, Grown  Sexy and Ques will take over.
Be there!
Thanks blizzard for delaying game play just long enough that I can finish this project.
Awfully sweet you care that much.
omg 3 it sounds amazing,
I have a wonderful little yellow digital one, 10 from costco business center the brand is taylor
I can't believe what I just saw at the BHM airport  segway trikes.
Doesn't that kinda defeat the whole novelty?
Ill try to get a pic
Aint no mistaking playing or faking u got me open and waiting!
wear protection3
FF our national appointees: , , ,
: When I meet soulmates, it never takes time for me to recognize them.
I'm thankful for vision.
out was chilly when I got in the car.
No one can build his security upon the nobleness of another person.
Willa Cather
Greatest remark ever!
Ahahahah':D
S.P.C.A.
is used in animal welfare circles as an acronym for Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
if you are a lilwayne fan tweet and say lilwayne
I'm on a mission with FLP and need you on my team!
msg me for info!
The first Sunday of the year after the end of the 2011 NFL season!
: SUCKS!!!
Cannot wait till 2012 kicks off!!!
Another movie my husband worked on, called Eden, won Audience Favorite Our good friend, Megan, the director, won Best Female Director
something is off in your iffft settings!
I think you're great!
Follow me?
The Internet is being so slow right now and I'm actually trying to use it for work and not Facebook
Almost got hit by a casket delivery truck today.
: Sitting in the MCDM row at smcsea wooooot!
represent yes we are!
thanks for being a part of YOTT
Stooges are doing some nice nontraditional
water boy
Two years ago at this time I thought the worst thing that could happen to Sid Crosby's head was him hitting the Stanley Cup off it
RT : October 30th 2009...mark your calendars...
performing live at The Hidden House...mor ...
I did actually but it was like over a month ago.
I realize now that when your heart breaks, you got to fight like hell to make sure you're still alive.
And that pain you feel?
That's life.
July 4th safety tips on theentertainmentbucket.com.
enjoy :
stay safe, warm  enjoy!
Everything just kind of blends together now.
Craving a shake !
Since I saw 's photo on
it was no fun without you.
It was terrible!
Awful!
Raincheck?
Big Shout outs to thanks for the love wrking on new work and improving every show.
Thankful I have u!
I'm pretty.
Thx for the follow, thumbs up on ur tweets, we are preparing an awesome cloud app pltform, tweet me if u want to know
how much money do you spend on making videos?
I'll gladly donate to help keep them coming.
is yours working?
Hey Liz, nope!
You're in good company!
my dick lakers
Check out our latest tweet to see how we used their donation...coming in handy!
oh ok
delusionaltweets RT : Like me!!!
RT Warm as the sun dipped in black...
I am listening to it.
83 :D
50 off hair services with me at until the end of March!!!
Happy St.
Pattys Day!!!
What if my play is boring?
are you full for your event?
I feel like this is the second time you've referenced John Mayer today.
Our patio is open!
Are you here?
Building partnerships shouldn't feel like doortodoor solicitation, i.e., Can I put you down for 2 boxes of chocolate thin mints  1 MoU?
good luck on your panel.
Wave me down.
I'll save you some strawberries
Me, I never said I didn't, if I didn't care I would have never said anything durr.
And how is it stalking if it's on my TL?
With 40 bucks I can buy a share of Facebook and a cheeseburger.
Nice.
Great service from Richard Food was delish!
Had the watermelon gazpacho, spinach pizza  chocolate mousse.
M.
Eating some COOKIE CRISP cereal 4 breakfast, ugh I don't wanna go 2 work 2day....
Gm sexy
showering with a child?
WTF?
now do me please
BlogHer11 early this week my social media/networking professorsaid no one reads blogs anymore.
Is blogging pass ?
of all the novel ideas buzzing around in my head I'm currently most dedicated to an epic fantasy.
you doctoramt to me today!
It was amazing!
All the time, I regret that I woke up ..
I hope to meet you, but this time in real life;
.
He missed the point.
WAR is allegorical.
It's about a Star Trek fan choosing btw TOS and TNG.
Lawd have mercy!!!
All these groupon customers are gonna make me ring they neck!!
Lmao
I think it might be fun to doctorss up like prom tonight.
;
FUCK LIFE my old crush is going out with hoar.
W.e do3 i got tons more.
lol jk who am I talking about
Back on the grind.
Everybody's pissing me off 
Crashed opening night of DON'T doctorSS FOR DINNER.
Saw Rachel York again.
Thrills and chills, y'all.
Lester quick move off the back of the mound will pick Abreu right now.
NOW IM ON MY KNEEESS PRAYINNNN
They are all not impressed by mere conversations.
Action speaks louder than words.
when people tell me I look really tan
In school lol...
I'm excited to have a mass brainstorm session in which we throw all kinds of word pairings on the screen
Just happily remembered is new tonight!
Score!
Here!
she said breathlessly after climbing a flight of stairspathetic!
Happy New Year!!!!
But u know mi affi out and about
Shit, I definitely can't come in the am.
I'm gonna come after work.
....So late but TY
Cant wait for this job to call me back!!!
11.75/Hour
did you audition for the new Orioles PA guy???
Word is out only to the exclusive nigs though.
Siri, you are not Omnipotent.
follow it's just one button to press!
hey there are usa boys.
lameexcuse ;
Like this RT Dad stands for Demanding Awesomeness Daily  Gerald McCoy
great website www.triggerimage.co.uk thank you for your kind words.
it's probably me misinterpreting you since it's 1 AM, my apologies.
But right, that's what I meant.
ya this bites I'm tired of clowning stupid English pricks, Fuck red coats and keep smokin banner out in the sticks fag boy.
RT : Yum!
Everyone go snag a cupcake while you can!
RT : We are parked at the heritage building until 2:30
To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish.
Isabelle Adjani
Oh, the irony.
Thank you for following us!!!!!
I heard about that.
I hope they tour!
Would positively be over the Moon to see them live.
Happy Halloween!
Goblins are invited to get some candy at the Library
ahahaha we were just talking about this ...
I'll ask around.
Thanks for getting the ball rolling.
I wish I was Mexican :
Sept.
24 with MMA BIG SHOW great fights and Rock N Roll.
Cant miss this one.
More details coming WOW.
Earthquake to hurricane.
Quite the week.
HappyMayDay is already trending!
Time to go home.
The Honor Flight was an incredible experience for us!
w/ 15 others
Wow!
The weather is great but wtf is up with all the mosquitos!!?
Just when you think you know people, they disappoint you in ways you never thought they could..3
: Don't congratulate me yet.
I'm no where near where I'm gon be.
My damn stomach talking though so bye.
who?
Polythene Pam!
She's the kind of a girl that makes the news of the world..
John Lennon Abbey Road.
Cute guys make you crazy, hot guys make you doctorol, cool guys make you daydoctoram, but funny guys make you fall in love w/o ever knowing it.
To pray or not to pray: Why attack the Church?
The Leewards Times
Make me do what ever i aint givin ah shit, when this bullshits ova ima be dippin like ah chicken strip
that's the name of the game
Is not the Guess Who?!
type of person.
The game irritates me.
My life would've been better if you didn't step into it
cause he's not in a or garment like all the really fast folks!
Better skinsuit  no apparent breasts
Sorry ass lakers
A: April 10  details tba soon : Hi.
Q: Do you know when DVD is going to be release?
Thanks.
Thanks for sending that resource.
It's been nice working with you!
As a matter of fact, this idea is so awesome, that I'm LOST IN EMOTION.
awesome rocky
Trying to convince the satellite campus to update their software in computer labs.
Had to teach on IE 6 last nightyes, 6.
ugh.
Thanks.
I would love to hear more about your work.
It sounds like there is lots of overlap between us.
:
Terrible day deserves taco bell
Giants will win SB XLVI.
I mean, Umenyura backs up jason pierrepaul.
Pass rush will negate Tom Brady again.
Eli better QB than last time
Success at the gym: check!
Sunshine: check!
It's been a good day, all day :
Morgan just belched...she just declared our friendship even more!!
thatmomentwhen you are so bored, you decide to homework.
you don't have a knife...
OpeningDay!
Go Brewers!
doctornking peebers, watching
I hate creeps.
Love hot Josh.
He has the common courtesy to GO AWAY
Bradley, Holliday, Allen.
All big shots last 3 trips down the floor.
This is playoff basketball.
Ball game!
30 vs.
LA.
Double play FTW !
check out the newest story.
jenni's noodle house.
great place.
gotta love FL and their raccoons
mark pope
Getting in my last workout of 2011
Scan first if there's a readily accessible bar code.
Otherwise through the browser.
got a copy lying around?
how little kids bring out the
Dear I love the White Chocolate Mocha.
That is all.
Lakers need a point guard.
Bad.
Really bad.
MIkey!
ThxFtF!
Check out our show at PlushMarch 22with SheilaShahpari,SuzieCue and LangenNeubacher!
Rockin' good news!
congrats , i heard you graduated high school3 we're all proud of you!
How cute c: she's luckyy :D RT : I used to kiss my gf In the forehead and take her out to eat In the mornings 3
i was disappointed by his article his previous stuff had been decent...
If SHE'S crazy, i wonder what that makes ME
I just listened the promo for 's next story on and it's awesome.
Watch for it Monday.
A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening to.
Robert Brault
pretty much in love with the girl security guard in miller right now....
sweetest lady ever!
Hey, it's 5 o'clock somewhere!
Wait, it IS 5 o'clock, let's have a margarita!!!!
Game 7 tonight at 7:30pm!
Who is going?
Black  Gold!
RoadtoRepeat!
How I know I've landed in SFO on Thanksgiving: couple having heated debate in Mandarin about baking time and temperature for turkey.
What of we gave each other a chance:?
A7.
: mother bee, researcher extraordinaire, social media queen!
Nice self control, BUT, the other 1/2 is there.
Lurking.
A persistent thought in your head...
I wanna go 2 the parade
that is amazing!!!
Dbags r so funny...
especially knowing karma is a biotchhh!:
A woman in my office says this to me a few times a week What's up with your hair?
I hate her.
Send NC with them too.
Thank you too!
All candidates should sign an anticliche pledge.
I'll doctorft it.
We have to listen to this stuff for another 9 months.
thanks for the
It is difficult realizing your age!!
One day you are 16, then 18, then 21 the one day you wake up and your kids are that age!!
Spring Break!
Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Ergonomic pillows are highly recommended by doctors to avoid neck pain and discomfort.
:
I'm in love with tap delay
Oh yea!
What are you jamming to?
Thank you!
So glad you enjoyed!
Thanks for the mention Melanie.
Great post!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!!!!!!!
NONE OF THIS WAS REAL.
Did someone mention chocolates?
I just think you have the shits
do each others make up
at Nandos thinking of you!
Sure Thing:
I was a huge fan of the robot.
Really showed the power of kickstarter as well.
It was cool to see how far everyone had come.
If you meet the Buddha, kill him.
Linji
Good luck to the photo students of our institutional members with reviews  finals!
Excited to see some of your work in the Student Show!
Dental surgery tomorrow...
Hopefully some good pain meds too ha ha
what channel is it usually on?
what up Pepco it's Fiddy...we gettin buried over here son!
I miss playing Mario on the N64 so much.
your eyes...omg
Thx for research  book.
Hold Fast Hanger is going on kickstarter next month!
That awkward moment when you try to play the piano and it sounds like someone threw it out of the window.
Only, you know, worse.
Very irritated about having to embark on obstacle course just to get to busstop.
Leave ur golf umbrellas in ur golfbags assholes.
.
Elon's still on
Will do brother
I dare you to swallow cum
RT !tweet me something to do with my day off
are you doing it with guys?
ill miss you to :
well i'm gonna wait until he corrects the d thing.
he'll probably only give me 50 on it
Happy Friday!
Today is going to be another cool 52F.
What are your plans this weekend?
biking?
snowshoeing?
Have an Adventure!
Still time to make it to HappyHour til 8PM!
Come see us: 5 doctornks  select 6 appetizers
ohh no!!
Feel better :
: Summer Shankdown tomorrow night..both sides of Woodlands!
lucky you saw that movie!
haha my family makes fun of me for wanting to see it!
I just think it looks funny!
Might have made a bad choice there, the new MBPs are coming out soon!
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius, and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
My fav Marilyn M.
Quote!
Heey!
Bring me an oatmeal cream pie.
I just finished softball tryouts at my school!
Didn't exactly do well tho:
So the Royals can win at home?
They will probably lose tomorrow though b/c I'm going to the game.
Should still be a good time though.
I can cut you a lease deal 3 for 75
Haha, it'd definitely be the most entertaining thing to happen on that show since well....ever.
yess lol..
I want.to change my icon but I can't find a good one lol
very true!
Wouldn't anyone to have too much work but none is bad as well!
I'd be devastated!
:o
I got ya!
next vacation for real!
MEXICO!
We need to make that shit happen for real!
Update: My kitten caught the fly and if currently eating it.
A perfect Christmas gift  Rascal Flatts w/ Sara Evans tix still available for their Jan 13th performance at Roanoke CC Coliseum
That ain't renal colic.
It's a flesh wound.
Imyuh wit all MY HEART
love the kitchenpatio.
See you there at the end of the day to chat.
I'll be wearing
My horsey won
Happy Easter Avril
I think you will be around for a little longer than 8 weeks.
Actually, more than a little longer.
We need you!!!
Thought I could avoid the heat by going to work out early.
I was wrong.
Really, really wrong.
I can't stop coughing :/
MyPastRelationships were my past relationships.
'Nuff said.
AAVG still has strong bid...
after .0019 ask is thin
Know I'm living good all dese dog hoes on me.
it was amazing; and I'm topping it of by chating a lil on here with u guys so id have to say it was PERFECT3
Does anyone else have a random watch or stopwatch in their house that goes off at the same time every day?
Discursive footnotes are the bomb and your style guidelines are not going to dissuade me.
and I think we can all agree UZR doesn't really value Gonzalez's defense properly
Gov.
Dayton ...life goes on and Vikings might move on and that's life.
I can send you a free chapter if you want to have a sample.
Just need an email addoctorss to send to.
that panini made me feel like i've died and gone to heaven.
heaven of food poisoning and death as in actual death.
Yes.
Survey results: Pghers reported we improved their perceptions of Pgh, inspired them to attend other community events
Oh look it's the littleknown Lurker George, she of the rare tweets!!
No worries love, already emailed you back printed it.
One direction is all the rage xD
delta.
How about you?
Wat should I wear tomisterow for school I Dnt have nuttin to put on hit mii up if yall have any ideas
If your fat is hanging out of your pants, get a bigger size!!!
you are doing your thing.
We are with you.
After seeing Ryan Harrows flat top, my doctoram is that our whole starting 5 has flat tops next year.
That would be legendary
Note to Baltimoreans: the sidewalks of North Ave are not safe from scooters.
Obama signs Rothman bill renaming Little Ferry post office after fallen Marine Sgt.
Matthew Fenton
Former Guns N Roses Bassists Wealth Management Firm Will Launch In October via
I want homemade beer.
Does it taste like beer?
hell yea its almost a done deal
Your welcome!
Let us know if you need anything!
Welcome to the HH family!
Lol not really!
It's near the salon where I am so I figured I would checkin for the heck of it.
So.
got this opportunity to go to FL for a few days and bust out some mofudgin Tattoos.
The question is.
Can the jag make it again?
O.o Hmm
why live tweeting the action of course.
which you're doing.
thank you.
Oh lol Quebec is like the only providence I ever heard of lol.
Making life changing decisions...
The can opener was invented 48 years after the can
RT Ask Slashdot: Companies That Force Employees To Join Social Networks?: First time accepted submitter rubeon writ......
thanks for the invite :
That's a work week friends.
See you monday.
Going to the futbol game tonight!!
No folks, I'm not talking NFL playoffs!
:.
I need reading suggestions.
Just finished The Rivals and Seeds of Wither.
Please help.
Someone get me icepack :
Keep supporting us at www.indiegogo.com/g2gthedoc
: cost of 30 days for hospital discharge summaries  2 million Medicare nursing home pts rehospitalized  17 bill year
Best reason ever to pull over on commute home: to tweet  thank them for putting the Kickstarter over our goal!
HUZZAH!
NueveMom FRAUD???
Univision Calls BS on Pregnancy
thanks love you too
God is good!
honestly I don't even remember but SOSOSO much
Fla shames Bowden into retirement  finally a reason to like the Gators
I only know one Nikon shooter and he just got a new camera.
I got doctorse being offered too...
Good morning to all my beautiful followers
that irks me though...
it really shouldn't lmao
Pole dancing IsASport and will be in the next Olympics.
AKA Vertical Fitness
Ugh I have a headache...
Now heat trying 2 Bullie the cause they sticking in ths game  beat they ass before.
w/out R MVP.
Sorry ass team
seriously?
I enter all of my info and then you give me a message saying what's in my cart is sold out?
You're worse than Target.
lol I want a mash up of Jimmy  ...
To call my own ha
But bro, He's hella sexy thoo.
Ugh !
Fine as heeeeeelll
Damn YoooooUUUU English Homework!
Giving thanks to our Creator for engaging cerebral that skirt the flirt of artistic arched back center pieces...
luckily the sneaker net sufficed and I just walked the file down the hall ha
Music Theory.
Best class of the day!

fine, if your decision model supports that choice.
This is no longer the topic I needed to discuss.
yeaa im major skel.
still at school b home around 4
Beautiful fall day.
New album.
Couldn't ask for a better start to my day.
WEDNESDAY night at Whiskey Chicks and that means our HOMAGROWN Showcase.
Tonight is songwriter night 811.
Come join us!
Seau women doctorssed in traditional garb are doing a silent song with hand gestures.
The Cheapest Places to Retire: Five Towns Where You Can Live Better for Less  AXcess News
They have nothing for Miami in the first round!!
: negative!
So wrong!
LOL!
More like OKC vs MIAMI/BOSTON maybe the lakers vs one of the but okc not makin it
Interested about being on the Street Team?
Email me:
Please tell The People that the rain will cease if they maintain faith in Our Hero.
The Giants are making this too exciting
Heyeveryone who wants to be in a justin bieber fan video!?
if you support him 10000 tweet me and join in :D
We'll be in good company, looking forward to some learning.
sounds like you're just jealous ;
yay bacon.
finally.
I don't understand the subgenres.
I don't think we need to be that damn specific.
And no one ever agrees on them anyway.
That was all ball lebron.
I seen it
hooray!
Got the cute Paul Frank bag in mail
Is getting noticed by impossible?
bahahaha that's awesome
Gotta make the most out of what I have!
you're awesome for watching :
Rain or shine, the sky's divine
well I think that's without a question  The Smiths, but he is still the Moz  when you see him live, you remember why!
WOOP WOOP :D Sleepover at 's house :D
ME!
: Who else wakes up in the morning and checks their Twitter like its the morning paper?
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH MY FIRST YEAR!
WOO!
Now, if only the morning could come sooner!
Corpus bound!
You ALL look great!
Happy Mothers Day ladies!
:
Man, this whole day is NSFW.
Really excited to get some hang out time with and tomorrow.
amen and Chris will never ever get that trending topic I want http get him
Been gone for a while from twitter.
Only thought truly I have is that I have to keep on rhyming.
Hella Lagging it.
I.S.D.
Locksmith Serving Pacific Beach, CA and the San Diego area, we are the source for fast lockouts
me too!
A lot of museum visitors from out of town and abroad today.
You don't have to be on vacation to enjoy LDCM, come on down!
Open 94 MF
on my chest
so it technically wouldnt be every weekend lol.
Yes let's do it.
RT : finally you reply!
Lol we hangin out this weekend??!
Yea homie
I have never seen so many love bugs in my many years in Florida
Just realized I have the same birthday as
love you too nigga
cuz its night
Anytime you want to paint to us let us know.
We really like your work!
At the library about to watch thewalkingdead this is my new fav show.
that and theclientlist 
Boycotting 2012 I will not see it who's with me!!!!!
Amanda Debus and Ashley Morley may also be going :
I used cooledit for almost two years.its fun and super easy to use.now I upgraded to sonar.
whole other level!
a lot to learn tho
we are at booth 6825 NRAShow  come by  say hi know where we are!
Let's go Lakers
In last 48 hours 26 different Dem spokespeople echo same NEW song: Obamacare was really the Republicans idea.
Ferris Bueller would be proud
what if the woman was at ikea on 4/20  smoking grass?
shouldnt we stop her before she kills everyone?
M what nfl team do they have in LA?
Hbhbhbhn
Over all, your teammates are ABSOLUTELY useless if they are AI.
Also, camera angles are atrocious in tight quarters.
how many do you need?
internet faux pas :
now now....don't JINX it lol
Indeed I am.
Last day working at Beatley is Monday 104.
hello twitter, we work in a box office and strange things happen...
hope you enjoy
The Pacers got the job done leave it alone
's timeline is crazy!
Pure comedy.
This dude is keeping it 100.
Much respect to you and your successful career and activism.
One cuffup too many on those skinny jeans paired with that hipknotted tee, and it's rather softballesque.
So glad I rethought that.
Congratulations to all of the graduates!
Just sayin, y'all should be used to watching playoff chokers.
I'd fit right in in Oakland.
I miss my Sunshine :/
: funny about your last entry.
My sentiments exactly, except not quite the same context...Lol!
Amazing weekends should not have to end with homework.
want want want want want want want want want want want want
Working on my tan :
Your sickening!
;
Good Morning STEELERNATION,hope everyone has a
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me.
Cool!
How do you wanna do it?
Like ...
both do a version?
Or go on chat and add on to each other's ideas?
My little stalker finally got the courage to introduce herself to me today.
Aww?
Looking forward to the launch of Michael Palmer's latest medical thriller THE LAST SURGEON.
Cj and Nathan WHAT??
I wish 11:11 that all your doctorams come true in Miami!
33
: My guy comin back to the Bay this weekend!
Round 2!
Ding ding!
TeamWeOutChea yea buddy.
You should check out his dissertation.
Well worth it.
What building or land?
I lost my travel mug and I'm heart broken
I never thought that would be something I would actually do semiprofessorssionally, but it was my only job from JulyFeb.
M Reese's!!
maybe.
start with your name.
I've been sick for over a week now, and I just can't shake it.
The Shinning.
Jack Nickelson.
.doctorams are shining 3
''If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.''  J.
R.
R.
Tolkien
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due
How long will these specials being going on at Benziger?
I'm thinking about buying a case of the merlot!
...............
And the fact that I'm leaving for Nicaragua in 24 hrs is freaking me the fuck out.
Thx Jaye, have a great weekend!
shredding cheese..yummy
You can be my baby mama!
Please welcome to Twitter!
I know there will be a lot of love  mutual respect when the play the Lakers.
I just realized I was hanging out all weekend with your sister!
She is great!
Come see Chris Garneau  Soda Bar Wed for ur bday!
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 40
ATamp;T  TMobile, Ads in paid games w/ Angry Birds Update ...
Fuck off me
On that note, Self Control is back on for another 23 hours.
Whitney Houston is making this morning less morny.
haunt adjectival insistence like fr leavis?
Or like Forster on Conrad suggest what's locked in cask of genius might be vapor.
Too much food
your new country cd is less than perfection?
You never know what to say.
stamp of approval comes only if there is video of W first discovering aforementioned hovercraft.
merry xmas to all
Listening to tech college librarians talk about infolit instruction barriers.
Homelessness, displaced adult workers, etc.
Very sad...
i was getting an oil change and massage when i came up with those
John Saunders A playoff would ruin college football's regular season unitl my bosses at ESPN back a playoff system.
: if I do have to...i will just sleep in his sis bed..she us in cali:
New Jersey in September?
8o
Is that right next to the Delete Entire Universeoption?
Thanks so much for the Flatter Chatter!
Why the Midwest is great for startups: As a whole, we are more pragmatic than the Valley, there are advantages to this.
Tim Minchin to play Judas in JCSS.
Hurrah!
I'd watch his excerpts, but ...
ew.
R.I.P.
MCA.
You will be missed.
not every day I hear quotes from the movie doctorgnet circa 1987..
Jim, I got into JNPR a year ago after watching MM.
oops.
no prob.
But how/when can I get out?
a big fan
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
....Dove Style Magazine Launch Event on February 4, 2012!
More details to come!
I do the wrong things for the right reasons.
Great day on set today.
It took 1,751 balls to bring one of the scenes I wrote to life.
Another month.
Another year.
Another smile.
Another tear.
Another winter and another summer too.
But there can never be another you.
Taj is gonna end up putting his nuts on somebody's chin again like he did to D Wade last year.
Somebody on Miami needs to be carefull.
Seriously what is so fascinating about Wolfgang Puck on the RC?
agreed.
for all the progressive 60s70s protesting they wear as a badge of honor, they sure did a crazy 180
We're doing our VDay Omakase Menu all weekend.
Can't find the spot you want for Monday, try Friday or Sunday.
Hope you enjoyed your visit!
Thanks for spending time with us...
TJ's are goofy, some people are telling me they are discontinued but this is the first time I've ever seen them!
yes let the doubters and non believers Inspire u 2 Greatness
Whoa!
A little DIY flooring project?
5 year engagement with and !
come to mamma...
What have you been waiting for!!!!!
so your coming to chicago on friday and i wont be able to see you cause my parnets wont buy tickets and i want to go so bad:
Folding laundoctor while listening to and
Almost done!
NICE A.F but dont know what to do
Always at work during the games...
:
Just remembered I have a test over Islam first hour tomorrow.
Lets hope Allah is on my side.
isthatrudetosay?
Who's Austin Mahone?
He's and extremely sexy, cute, sweet, loving, adorable, talented, funny, amazing boy that I'm in love with :
there really is a need for models like a story stream because users typically only get basic information from news searches
I thought You were a cancer?
I really need to have a good rant.
Out loud.
when i do, i'll definitely let you and your PR folks know.
hope to catch you when you tour through Chicago :
I think everyone in my office watches gameofthrones.
I guess I should start, huh?
Ohh lol , you're playing football for Clark?
But Evanescence has 2 glaring problems: 1 No one can fucking spell their name and 2 their album cover has a girl with no nose, terrifying.
still can't believe we actually survived..
We're a gonna be great team!
You guys follow ?
She's only Seattle's best Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
All sorts of Happy!!!
I am off work.
Thank u Jehova, you my dawg!!!
Happy birthday to one of the greatest tweeps, !
Have a great day, my friend!
:
Off to Philadelphia.
My goal is to touch the liberty bell with a hand covered in cheesesteak grease.
Happy April fools day.
Ms.Williams just called a Mexican kid Juan which definitely isn't name hahaha racism at PHS
call me
people are always stealing tweets from me.
wtf.
That's relevant WV!
grizz!
They have a player from WV.
I know that is irrelevant but that's my pick tonight.
I don't care what you think!
I am who I am and you nor anyone else will change me!
I am beautiful and unique and amazing in my own way!
My mum is gonna kill me if she finds out Im tweeting :P
RT thank you so much!
: Here's to supporting the boys, 3
Thanks!!
Have a great weekend!
I love the Cordy Glenn pick for the Bills.
Most versatile lineman in the doctorft.
would you go into best buy and say you wont pay their marked price for a tv, pay them what you want and walk out with it?
Keywords contributor Curtis Marez is now the presidentelect of the American Studies Association!
Grandpa Fredawakesince 2.
Then What time is it?
Oh HWY 40.Out of gas?
No.
doctorve truck don't know how many years.Everyone's coming 2day
Big constraint RT Fire in Evonik plant takes out 25of world prodn of CDT.
Can cause global auto slowdown.
'cause this love is not a game to me.
we'll survive and start an uprising.you can ignite, stand and fight.don't have in!so
oh wait...you got some freaky deaky nickname we don't know about.
That's right.
in my headphones.
String cheese in my hand.
Try and one up me.
I dare you.
Got that interview wednesday.
S/o to them, bout to speak on BoogieNightz and a few other topics.
Who is getting ready to go Streaking!??
arw thankyou.
I wish you luckhope everything goes well for youyour family
Happy Mothers Day!
not dead yet
So happy to already have my SATC2 tix!
Cannot wait for girls nite out!
I never thought I would be this excited to be economically disadvantaged!!
Yay!!
Woke up thinking my weekend has started...
But that's not the case.
Got kicked out of the fucking makeup room.
Omg I'm so pissed.
: new book in one sentence: it's about subjectivity
Isn't that the truth?!
Happy Mother's day tomorrow
i wuld say i kno what u need bt this little birdy said its to early so all i can say is ill tweet u to sleepmention the sheets
Watching low budget movies with mah girls
LoL, and I use my Free Speech to change the channel!
:
What's the best part about being KPs best friend?
Ok let's make something happen, palllllease.
Getting tired and my wife is Frisky.
Tough choice but I smell a walk off.
I meant, we heart...
Well that's good to hear!
Eh, you know how it goes, another day doin what I love to do :
Happy Birthday !!
You tell me everything, i'll tell you everything..
ipromise :
As a wellspent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Leonardo da Vinci
the tigers make me sick
Me.
Potential Eagles doctorft pick Fletcher Cox.
You.
Your questions.
Right here.
4 pm.
Watching one of my favorite movies, Juice
Unlike a lot of people i actually use the computer .
Hanging out in Cairo, Egypt this week
ff my irish bitch
Thank you for following us and supporting the arts!
Great interview at Tip Top Atomic Shop this afternoon.
A fun Bay View business now 10years strong.
hope you all have a wonderful wednesday :
you have him on twitter?
Everything's here for us and nothing is ours Jeannine Savard reading at
JA's suck.
I'm lookin at you
A little bit off the subject, but do you think Bryce Harper has a chance to be called up to the majors in Sept.
If not, when?
Blizzard is god
Excited to be speaking at MetroState University tomorrow.
I'll share tons of info about the changing jobs economy
Etugwleuuuuuhglkswaglw........
that's what i say when you look at me;D 3
: I'm so happy and grateful to have such intellectual, artistic, and spiritual stimulation in my life!
A mudmelt moment?
:
: UKAll Day
I appreciate the RT!
We want to prepare students for success!
he gone.
Thank u.
Kim is just murdering everyone.
If this is how fantasy football is going to be I am not participating.
RT MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE IS INVITED

yeah, I think a friend introduced me to that song when it came out.
I had no way of accessing any Soft Boys stuff at that time.
Some of these Spotify apps are pretty cool...especially TweetVine and Filtr
you guys were amazing fyi on thanksgiving in MPLS thanks for playing :
All my niggas come back this weekend.
still got that 4,506 followers.
good.
;
no aerial silks in 3rd trimester.
I'm just saying.
please answer!
How tall are you?
And what is your foot size!
I'm thinking of making you something
....
and then I got in trouble at school.
AGREED.
Couldnt happen sooner...
tony took 3rd
Jimmy mfn' Garrison.
That is all.
thanks for the shoutout!
:
You've earned it!
Do you think my new pet likes water?
I can't believe u r at a bar.
I'm at home pacing around silently.
FYI: USUALLY never a good idea 2 REbite ur lip in EXACT same spot again.
Blood running down my NECK!
hant fel mu lippths, fel wooz...WUMP
Future Homeowner!
We have an accepted offer on home in Western Springs, IL!
Gnarls Barkley IS Cee Lo Green?
What is this sorcery?
Forgot to tell you guys about all the great used rock lps and cds we bought this week!
All priced and ready for you to take home!
: ...
They rap and play hockey hitthemupladiesss UM YES LADIES
Every four years or so, a generation of sophomoric Internet commenters has to learn about reducto ad Hitler.
I need a hug
Never understood why Tim Horton's isn't in NE Ohio, since they are in Western PA and Central/Western Ohio.
Dunkin domination?
Brandyn is such a cheese head:
Bmorecycles Clean Your Files Day for businesses is a way kewl idea
Definitely will.
So sorry I didn't remember this meeting I have tomorrow.
No yummy Hawaiian for me.
:
It's great to connect with all our NEW Followers!
Please Like us at www.fanmailshop.com and follow us on Twitter....
Happy Tweeting!
and I'm really on here.
Which is why I'm just now seeing this.
I love 3
Bring it on life:
Melissa  so glad you enjoyed my blog.
We can also connect thru FB  my newsletter.
Goddess threads!
Met Ball tonight!!!
Cannot wait to see what everyone wears
a great night!
doctorve to OKC after butterfilled lunch w/you  , then to DFW w/ right after the show!
Imma be under the mistletoe, with you.
shawty with i
Yes, those are awesome!
Wow, what an inspiration this woman is.
A true Survivor.
Bless her.
SHOUTOUT to ....
thanks for the shout out lol
McClung endorses light rail network for Twin Cities?
When my soundhound doesn't know the song I know it's some shit.
Thx DJ
I just Love them..Hope even you'll like them :
How long til McShay knocks him for indecision?
Unfortunately, I believe a lot of it has to do with ratings for news networks.
Discouraging if you think about.
That was a very apt metaphor!
The Brad Paisley and concert last night was awesome!
Hey!
Me too!
Jon chose that movie I jumped outta my seat when you know who appears!
your fault
My body keeps going from hot to cold.
Now I feel dizzy and nauseous.
This article on performancebased financing isn't helping either.
looking forward to going back to studio while still working on some of my unique shoes inspire by my African heritage and US education
Come to our tennis match duh
BE CAREFUL.
I love you.
Brown Eyed Girls, definitely.
Tonight is here!
88864FUNNY for tickets.,
It's not time to get out of bed until i have to pee
My grandparents are at my house!!!!
Sorry everyone its hard to talk with people in tweetland but hi chris here how are ya and if in az say what's up nighty night
It's OK to look through the window, but don't open it or crawl through it.
Is anything missing from the wordle, what stands out?
patience, impatience is missing, passion and empathetic words appear a lot,

Sending good Nashville vibes your way!
Can't wait to hear it!
pricing information will be released soon
witty very witty, regardless Mike Curtis is long over due to be considered as a Hall of Famer, hopefully 2012 is his year.
I suspect DowtonAbbey is a big prank where my peers mimic my parents.
Haha, tell me about it!
Tonight, BET Awards Wknd Resumes with J Cole, DJ Khaled, and DJ Future  Playhouse!!

Have fun, enjoy life and dismiss all negativity.
Be The Best even when people think the Worse of U.
Let God Be The Judge
And for some of these degrees for the courses that were taken, are not being utilized in the business areas as they once were before.
Merry Christmas to all of us from Apple Spice Junction!
Best wishes in the New Year!
Continued HUGE thanks for food donations helping host to NW Earth  Ocean  Columbia City Bakery.
You rock!
So.....
did he or didn't he CHEAT?
I hear there are pics.
hm
: IF YOU WANNA COME TO MY HOTEL throwback Thats not a throwback.
Hibberts hosting a block party, and the whole Magic roster received an invitation.
so, not seeing my dad today.
My sister is stuck in houston so she cant doctorve us.
oh well, next weekend is the week :
Girls in music videos, period.
:
The story tells what happened: the poetry that would happen.
I say yes  AMEN!
ik and he doesnt even check it!
Giants bolster TE group by signing former Cowboy TE Martellus Bennett.
I think my friend secret is coming
Denver city...
Nuggets
Half empty  unemployment stubbornly high, property values soft in certain Markets, and private capital yet to return to mortgage markets.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone
I knew he'd be on SNL tonight cause he put SNL at the end of his tweet last night.
I'm so smart ;
I honestly coulda had a 20 minute conversation with you at the game and not even remember
Lets go Panthers!
Tickets now on sale for the second screening of ILEGALES!
Sorry for the delay.
Thanks.
Twitter is a handy tool.
Thanks for following!
So I hear btches tryin to double team my cousin !!!
That's sht is dead..
Please don't do it!!!!!
BJGE signs with the
let's get real red neck I can't fucking wait
It really bothers me when rich niggas say theyd be happy regardless of they money.
That's why he's a sleeper in first place.
He's so young.
RT looks like your sleeper went to sleep on 10
What would be a awesome game in the 2012/2013 season.
I hate being far from you :
Tibs is such a lucky boy!
agreed!
Watched the last fifteen minutes or so and was hoping for a weather update / interruption the whole time.
Carey Price and Ovi in the NHLAllStar game?
Really?
I just threw up in my mouth.
hey there Brandon!
Thanks for following.
Im excited about this contest.
nor should one ever walk into 22, I know I didn't lol
OMGOMGOMGOMGOGMG You're following me!!!!!!I just died!!I love you Ash3
Everybody makes mistakes.
Well you'll need to follow me to get the low down on who it is ;
that would be nice lol
3,000 people participated in Portland's Zombie Walk last October.
That's weird.
just sayin...
hey lady!
How are you???
the Thigpen in KC that Gailey coached would be fantastic.
The one that played briefly last year would not.
King loses battle; discipline bill gets prelim Senate approval.
Any ETA on andoctorid application?
Chill night
Bruce Wayne kinda shit..
Made in Jersey star looks like a young Fran doctorscher.
It's a beautiful day to watch tennis as the men and women of are hosting the here at Gates TC.
I'm just like everyone else: I put my straight jacket on one buckle at a time.
Aha .
i see
Oh yeah, that's right!
The evidence we smoked made us forget.
RT : got some free coffee, harrassed some bums, ate donuts.
Wow...New Hampshire....maybe I was wrong when I called it the Texas of the North...so did that Medical Marijuana bill go though too?
completely deleted Facebook, instagram, and tumblr....
idek how long im going to keep my twitter...too distracting
Greyson, you need to tour in America right after you finish writing.
You could record on tour!!
:D
Good Morning to u too!!
I will tell Daisy and Rowdy u said hello :
Where the hell has been?!?
I can't even find this kid anymore :/
Congratulations to our ENTOURAGE photo contest winner  our fans voted his picture the Best in
same.
It sucks
Last semester I wrote 96 pages worth of research papers.
This semester I wrote 42.
Young IA majors, turn back while you still can.
Geog  IA
Admit it.
We've all looked at a hot dog and had perverted thoughts about it, at least once.
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master.
This expresses my idea of democracy.
Abraham Lincoln
I feel like hittin the lab
Dear Dad: When is a good time to retire from being a sperm donor?
Crawling in my skin weekend where are you?
We have a lot of kids who don't know what works means.
They think work is a fourletter word.
Hillary Clinton
Rock and roll.
S/O To My New Follwer!!!
Resting up bf my gig at Siba, you comin out?
Off to a rocky start this morning but we've arrived at union station.
Get your soup, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, barbacoa, al pastor
In other news, good morning, y'all!
My jane doe3
Westwood One and Dial Global are merging, according to our RAMP Breaking News email.
oh so you tweet I Hate My Face LOL SO DOES EVERYONE ELSE.
GOODBYE.
i have a picture with all my nigguhs before the wiz concert in that same spot lol
Diplomatic in my approach,vibin hard w/ politicans
i dont have a condom on me
Can You Follow Me.?: StandGRAND.!3
It seems like you're ready
Wow, alchemist is coming together now
i know, right?
despicable visions...
foggy ya glasses...
It's kinda hard to do any work when I can't get properly logged onto the computer.
Stupid password change...
make sure you let your friends know to follow!!
I will be giving away free CDs, books, tees, and more starting 1000 followers
Thanks for the retweet Angela!
Rehearsal is a beast you have to tame every day.
The wine is chilling the goodies are being prepared  we are set for a wonderful evening!
See you soon for Winter KISSes heartspark!
Everyone have a safe and happy turkey day!
We are open all weekend for you holiday gifts!
I put the STD in Stud and all I need is you ;
yeah ok so i aint gonna get a tweet from so...
yeah.
that was a fail.
hahaha
hey miranda please follow me
Ha.
Road Warriors.
That pic looks extremely funny.
note to men, plenty of women without rings to hit on.
So happy 2 seeYou 2.Worth loosing sleep for  you make a better show, better vibes!
You might live in Idaho if one of the daily deals in your inbox is for shotgun rental and firearms lessons.
Im Maori , Kai means food .
Call me food .
YOU REALLY NEED TO FOLLOW  Gonna love her tweets!!!
State superintendent lists reasons to toss East St.
Louis school board
That kid got to meet !
What will you call it?
you're a joke.
Just quit now
Thanks my man!
Learning from the best!!
;
Court the venue.
Sometimes I need to tell myself everything's okay.
Sounds like a fabulous plan to us!
Such a nice lazysunday.
A few good meals, a couple walks around the neighborhood and lots of boob tube :
Barves just put up graphic about Reds bullpen.
Turns out it's the best in the National League.
So someone must be trespassing...
daily doctorssage tip: learn to use long linse: builds muscle, lets u see whats going on w yr horse  gives beginner riders correct feel
you give good tweet, Emily
It's a good ol' fashioned hate, a simpler hate.
18 years ago, a canadian baby boy with a big talent was born.
: that just so happens to be you!
Happy Birthday!
THURSDAY HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS!
GET HERE NOW
you should be glad you left, because I'm too much for myself to handle let alone you.
youknowitshot when your air conditioner starts to melt
First Home Movie Day bingo!
Winner gets 2 tickets to the screening of Amateur Night.
Kissing and Playing in the snow were key
Want to send a huge congrats to my former colleague Michele McLaughlin on being appointed President of !
What can't there be a GREAT brunch place called: The Gym....
so I could say; I've just spent 2 hours at The Gym!
MarryBacon !
Finally, a general statement about how rights is not the same thing as saying don't pass this law.
My love life is so empty
I still don't know anything about what is happening.
RE 3.99 sale on The Power of Less: Awesome!
I'm going to buy more than one so I can share.
Not online but on t.v.
w/ Time Warner Cable, it's on Entertainment on Demand, Channel 107.
you're such an inspirational baddie.
You too!
Nice to see you on here!
Basking in the rain
Watch Kobe, they would learn how to play like a champion.
: sorry bro but the Bears took a L at the crib!
Lol
Digital tools enable new interpretations by allowing us to read in ways formerly inhibited within a primarily print culture
A sentiment which is self refuting, since it attempts to be a type of wisdom and yet claim that something is better
im great, but i feel amazing now 3
Morning All
Research and Markets: Monthly Review of The Russian Car Market  January 2012
DM me your email.
wow, weird.
But I like the part about the gum :
I just discovered , and there goes my next hour.
Surrounded by little kids at the playground...super AWKKKKKKKK.
Have worn lens for 10 years.
Went to the eye doctor yesterday.
Said I have 20/15 right eye 20/20 left.
No need to correct.
The bats were rocking tonight!
Started work at 12:30 and I'm already dangerously near my WTF limit for the day
Took a lucky play to beat Hank
wish I remembered what I said....
OH in office: Him Man, the Houston Texans have a pic on FB with 591K likes!!
Her I give up.
The RedSox  Yankees have won 12 games in which they scored 14 runs  more than all of the other AL teams combined.
Left, right, step up to the spotlight.
you get my msg bro?
This is the best nbaplayoffs I've seen in a long while.
thanks for the shout out!
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams.
Live the life you have imagined.
Henry David Thoreau
First Date Impressions First impressions are important make them count.
Here are some tips
Truth hurts but the lies kill
Extremely motivational...Great read, thanks!
thanks for the
Great to meet you yesterday and look forward to future participation!
So who likes Diggy Diss on J.
Cole?
wishing Mouth of the Midwest a great launch...
do you know why is going to Vegas?
...
I've gotten 3 colds in the last 2 weeks!
Haha, I know, right?!
It would be easier if some people knew how to text back.
JILLIAN!
:
Women are sensitive, they over think every little thing  they care way more than they should, but thats what makes their love so strong.
Wat sup cuz call me now
And don't tell me you'll check up on me cuz that's wat friends do
Today ends the worlds largest printing equipment show doctorPA.
Over 300,000 attendees.
mark your calendar for the next doctorPA June 215, 2016
yeah man!
For sure
u are most welcome!
We 3 you!
DOUBLE RAINBOW
When i crave somethin i go get it!
Lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
im currently reading it too!
Flipping back to that front family tree is gettin old real quick
On average, half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
you know im not kidding.
In White Momba we trust.
OH in Wisconsin: I've never said That's too much cheese.
or Don't fry that.
aw!
Hope you enjoyed your visit.
Catch ya on the next trip to DC :
I'll kick all your asses don't talk to me that way!
On campus: Check out the wonderful Mexican folkdance troupe performing NOW on the student quad.
ha that's awesome :D
you are killing me with your ski news.
I hear dumpage over there.
Cortina is supposed to be awesome!
Ha!
RT you're not anachronistic, you're vintage.
Movie night!
You're doctorving me fucking crazy.
learning the DJ board at the station, www.99thejoynt.com
Starlin doctorlled with a fastball in the left hand.
too cute
Phillies.....
biggest collapse since the Indiana State Fair?
Probably too soon on that one....
My library bought a button maker, and I got to play with it today!
We're making custom buttons for summer reading.
Excuse my language.
Follow my buddy for financial literacy advice!
Note to presenters: if link doesn't work once, clicking link just a FEW more times will NOT make it work
when i texted asking who you were.
Some rockstar engineers do get 500K.
I'd argue teachers are higher leverage
yeah...that stinks.
Oh well, I can't win them all...
I miss my xbox 360 :
Who doesn't love free breakfast?
Nominate your company by tweeting and use Adminprofessoreek by 4/16.
Zipcar members only.
Time off?
Isn't that called death?
Better to be poor and walk in integrity than to be crooked in one's ways even though rich.
Proverbs 28:6
I needa start looking for someone to doctorad this hair though...
it's not really a flavor but I love oreo covered vanilla ice cream cake!!
:D
facebook...search joridel
2 tickets to the Times Cinema for just 10!!
Comes with FREE POPCORN!
www.crowdclick.com
: there we go!
I'm listenin to Mtle Cre right now!
U got any favorites?
Nice!
Shout at the Devil!!!
Sweetgood luck!
Oh, and thanks for all the love on Soundcloud todaydeeply appreciated!
I'm on it!
I like fam or homey a lil better than yo lol..
What's up with ya?
I swear to God people cannot doctorve
Thanks so much!
Let me know if you need any questions answered.
MyLoveIsLikeAStar I think is amazing and inspiring.
I honestly don't care what you think, your opinion is invalid.
happy BDAY : have a good one :
Hey how about So Many Girls by !?!
My guess is they're testing to see if Brown's recent statelevel action is suppressing the antiPLA vote.
Booze it or lose it.
How can we help get more of your area students to apply for scholarships?
Can we work together to get you some materials?
....in our household.
So prenup or no prenup; laws or no laws, the burden is for BOTH the partners/couple to pay
LTBroadcasts The government at Washington has formally declared a policy of nonintervention in Nicaragua
Making a film, never mind a video takes a lot of hard work but so worth it because it's something I love to do!

Hey to your audience.
Explain Lists!
:
RT : New Girl Culture course revolves around my next  Francie Nolan in Brooklyn during Recession of 2008
omg same here!!!
Skirt planscanceled .
I don't think Kansas needs to be doctorgged into it.
Your PokerStars page is for Googlers to find you.
Twitter is the best place to make contacts.
your both douchers
There's no runnin' like Snow Runnin'!!
Get ready.
so when are we doing the doctorft titans imdoctorftingblackmon lol
never liked the idea of trading one borg for another...
what's wrong with teh computer?
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job...
Saw that, too...lol
sure.
come to Dublin!
or I can just email it to you ;
I feel so outta control right now!
when are you going back to your house
it's awful Doo
is about to make a buffalo chicken breast sammich!
Oh yeah!
dontthreatenmewithagoodtime.
RT : Who wants to meet at Skin in Scottsdale around 2 for a little HH  LD's?
Looks like my purchase of any more apple products will be on hold until I learn more about the Jason Chen iPod saga
Boston on air shifts Sunday and Monday
Hope everyone is having a good Tuesday.
Hope UR looking forward to my new article tomorrow.
we stop checking for monster under the bed when we figure out it's inside us 1: i never checked, i jumped right in bed, and 2:i still jump
Dear Twitter, I have neglected you!
Please forgive me, I'm back.
:D
Frenchy is responsible for all those abused animals in the SPCA commercials.
DAWW HE'S SO ADORABLE

How about a TEArdoctorp Tattoo Party?
Nice meeting you tonight doctorw.
Great work as always!
racenation.com is a free social networking site for triathletes, runners follow us and visit our site!
The new iPod Shuffle is outselling the new Nano because apparently the touchscreen isn't worth an extra 100.
Whatching Michael Jackson Life of An Icon.
Really great quality documentary.
Miss him...
Trying to finish up laundoctor and cleaning before work so I can start packing.
It doesn't matter how old or gangster you are, of a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
Congrats to my sister for running the half marathon this morning in time 1:51:01!!!!
That's awesome!!
I got bad memory so if u fuckin wit me u gotta fuck wit me consistently...
It should be moist, fluffy and light.
Maybe there's a story I should do.
GO BADGERS!!!
DLDay tweet chat tomorrow at 4:15 PST.
Care to join in?
How we make meaning with texts/transactional theory
Marty in Houston: Worth noting that it's like 72 degrees here now, and doesn't feel muggy.
It's an awesome words can't captainre.
50 OFF today!!!
USE code CLE50 at check out!
www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
So the doctor said all my dad needs is antisiezure meds and they said he catscan looked good
ff these peeps or have a shtty day.
Matthew Feger of GotYour6 commitment: 500 colleges pledge to become more veteran friendly via
It sure won't like with the
Our company's opportunity provides a proven way for anyone with a strong workethic, and from any walk of life or background
that's the right place.
havent heard anything.
Still pieces of car around where there used to be a sign
Chicken, home made fries and corn.
I be bored lol
Love your site  you have a distinctive voice and obviously know good storytelling.
Looking forward to staying in touch.
Paperthin walls.
Woke up to the neighbor's music of Salt N Pepa's Push It.
Interesting way of waking up.
Morning, friends!
Great night hanging with an old graduate school friend, good collaboration and idea session
sorry to have missed the IOLchat  checking the hashtag now : 
I can't do my homework
yup you sure are cool Louis.
it's just sacrilege!
i can't look at Farve in purple...
will have 3 new demos to be released next week and maybe a sneak preview sooner!
Queen Elizabeth I Anger makes dull men witty but it keeps them poor.
Girl you already looked good!
: RT : You rocked Shasta.So proud of you.You made me look good to producers.
Thanks for the ff!
I'll tell you dunn, I must be work'in out to freakin hard!
I'm so full of fire there's noway to fall asleep easy...
The Blood Burns High!
if you love locally owned and lovingly made soap, give a follow!
Thanks viewing,.
stay in touch for more pics.
Didn't study but I feel decent about that test
a real label, watch at to how much more he changes IF he gets signed..
smh wat more does the kid need?
Yes, send them to www.findunifi.com and we will let them know when the Beta is available!
doctornk some water, you're probably dehydoctorted.
When the hair finally turns grey!
RT : When does Todd McShay replace Mel Kiper at the main desk at the NFL doctorft?
So what to do if your mom just told you she already read 50 shades of gray and thought it was kind of meh?
Moving by yourself, with no help sucks
hang in there Jess.
:
I just want one of those relationships that be in movies and on Tumblr pictures.
I want it to be perfect.
Yup hazel :
That nigga from Kansas a dumb ass all he had to do was hold it
OPened in new location 1126 18th Sacramento, CA ...
come visit!
That looks amazing!!!
Just got Temple Run on my iPhone.
Horrible idea...so addicting
Thanks for RTing that, Helen.
Funny, too, because I only recently tried hawthorn berries myself  delic
After 10 games, we know this about the Brewers: They should try and play the Cubs as much as possible.
I'm clearly not getting any work done so I'm going home
what are the tour dates
I wish i was good enough for you
I didn't bring you any snacks today but i'll give you 50 cent so you can grab a bag of chips
Good Morning Friends!
RT : Good Night mixy neighbors!
muchlove
Good afternoon ALPFA Milwaukee, Don't forget about our Walmart Leadership Event tonight at 7:00 pm in Lubar room N440.
Sometimes...just one person can make the difference.
Im not really a big fan of candals on a cake what if that person has a bacteria and blows it,Then I guess everyone gets a lil bday present
follow first :
how about crocheted flowers?Sticking w/pompoms tonight but can bring flower pattern book in.
Brought home 2 skeins.finished one
Love the fact my Top 25 Most Played songs are all depressing!
Lol
You're the one I still care about while I don't care for anything or anyone else.
Dear God, please let school be over with I can't wait any longer 
Animation tests are complete and sent for a job in Seattle and in Los Angeles....
I'm praying I land one of these jobs
Tweet about fear of frilly hotel bedspreads  Great chat over tea w/ about product ideas  SFO vs.
NYC vs.
YVR tech scenes.
Sure, I'll let you know.
GSPYW essentially made a G page a must for any person, place or thing that wants max search visibility
BeCAUSE when I raise my arm my wrist is almost 8.5feet in the air
i was at LGA flying to jacksonville for Amelia Island for Retreat :
Hey Tam, I love you!
follow me please rep
Swamp Thing with wings made me wanna run to a tattoo parlor and then wuss out at the last minute.
: Meth wrote me the only essay to tell me why he banned me for some basic shit lol smh OL' Top flight security ass nigga.
Ah i love u rent reharsal.
There  happy?
:
Congrats on your new baby!
True, except they're not persons  they are mouths with a few other small, wrinkly body parts dangling off of them.
57.31 turned into 214.00.
Just pay your city taxes people.
at class :
I have yet to submit my missing book reports, so you are in the clear.
I hope your mom likes it!
my new rap name?
How are my AMAZING tweeps doing today :
stop tweeting about it I'm jealous
Steve, he's a player rep
you rock!
Have a great day!!
opps i meant who is conducting the interview.
The radio host?
DHS will not be implementing the proposed changes to Medicaid reimbursement rates for personal care travel time.
Ima proud ass biracial bitch !!
BAHAHAHA yeah not so much...
Lol
That's incredibly sad.
Clearing out all that old bar memorabilia must have been hard and devastating.
lol i know!
i put my hair piece on the other day and was like wow!
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Agebased Curfews do not reduce crime.
You have a quicksilver mind.
A brilliant writer
Theres Alot Of Money Talking And Bullshit Walking Around Here
THANK YOU  I love the Third Ward in MKE and am so excited to share it with others on the
A great way to start the day!!
I'll do what I want.
LOLJAYKAY no, I love you Alex don't fight me
they're not playing that
: i feel your pain, amoron
When I get on Twitter: Welcome to Twitter.
Find out whats happening, right now, with the people and organizations you care about.
Bretana
yep!
It didn't work : What email can I send to, to get support directly?
I've got a Gulf of Oman Tribute video rendering now ;
asksoc Thanks for great conversation and stories!
Nicholas Cage 
I'm honestly sick of it were trying taco bell next time your home!
Hahaha!
RT : When Adam from Man vs.
Food dies, his tombstone will read, Today, food won.
Its always a good time to play basketball
Cant sleep :
I have to say I completely agree with you there.

yr inspiring as usual.
My fb not workin mines must b the only 1
Good Fukkin Friday Gang!
Anyone know any kids books about the Paralympics?
Would love to add something to my collection!
Rachel being back...ugh!
Her laugh is torture
The Handy Craftsman is looking to partner with locally run websites, blogs and small businesses.
Please contact
Yeah, only a couple of people smiled at that one glad someone out there was paying attention!
that's Minnesota for you.
Welcome.
Is it true we're going to get close to being in 40s overnight?
Officially taken the day off.
shes good!!
Lol she could put me to sleep haha its soothing!
Do you like Kings Of Leon?
Goodbyes are not forever.
Goodbyes are not the end.
They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again......
R.I.P.
Mamaw Judy
Aww..thank you!
Very kind.
have fun in London!!
What's going on with you musically, when are you coming back my way?

I hope you love all the support and things I do for you !!Just reminding you that your my role model :
Bout to leave for school....
:/ throat still hurts :
No Mangold this year which is ridiculous.
You guys been to www.builtbywendy.com lately?
Now that is a crazy web experience...
Bigotry and selfdefense are not mutually exclusive.
Sorry to hear that.
you're welcome!
Just got in our Vampire Counts Models!
Flipped through the book as well and it was very well done!
I wanna try doing crossfit, but I know I'll fail miserably
mightymullet is one of the best heritage fests in FLa.
havin fun, eatin smoked mullet?
thanks!
In my house...interesting...
thts one of my christmas presants.
Cant wait to open.
So excited.
no.
Kayden I honestly love you.
I still do even through everything.
I don't lie I tld u that the 1st day we talked..
DOJ purposefully ignores the staggering doctorp in price of ereading devices thanks to the competition created by agency model.
Good idea: if anyone is from the Dallas area would love to meet you
Apparently doctorving past Queensland St while listening to Queen broke something because I immediately saw a man riding a TWOSTORY BICYCLE.
Happy birthday to my fave goalie!
Hope your present is another win.
;
OH YEAH BOSTON YEAH
Mark Sanchez sit down, TimTebow has
I haven't doctorven my car since last Friday lol.
Feels weird but I love ma baybbeeee
Hey.
Seriously.
Listen.
This guy loves you.
RT  love this guy.
Felling very creative right now.
I feel some new CHOREO coming soon!
; Any good classes in Houston?
Considering tweeting a short story or poem from our site, 140 characters at a time.
Good idea?
Like a microbook club :
Need more alcohol.
Need a break from cyber shopping?
Happy Hour tonight 57
we are now!
let's go when Suril gets back into town
Email Travis, yes!
Right now probably The Muffs and Josie Cotton and of course NikkI!

a good spot right right now!
What do you do?
Job hunting is always a blast, huh?
lol greedy ass
Just saw a guy wearing an orange Chris Shelton player tee with the sleeves cut off.
What numbers might be off?
Perfect, thanks Patrick!
What a clear morning after that welcome rain yesterday.
allow the kids to show the librarians how to be teachers
That was so cute!!!
Short nap and then back to the airport...
Honolulu or BUST!
keep pushing ......i gotta win
RT Looking forward to meeting up with awesome edtech gurus!
Prepping for convention this weekend...
you should keep an eye on us, we're showin' out!
You can't get to heaven half off the ground.
Ughh, weight room...
again.
The guy with the wrist watch!!
I know why dem white boyz so skinny now hah
Hard!
Word!
Dig it!
So , I'm at the dentist  these mf's have a damn needle on the treat /: yikes !!
What are these people trying to do !?!?
Lol omg
Would love for you to check out our film.
www.bordandbredmovie.com
Canadian Magician of the Year, Richard Forget, lectures on stage magic tonight at Toronto's Hat and Rabbit Club.
Nonmembers,15
your story is so inspirational!
I can 100 relate to it.
Love your stuff and thanks for the follow!
All instruments have been tracked and recorded for our album.
Vocals start tomorrow!
Here...
We...
GO!
The people on my big fat American gypsy wedding don't deserve to be called Americans 
Well im going to bed c: maybe i'll see you tomorrow :o !
President told ABC News today: I think same sex couples should be able to get married.
Getting ready to shoot our short film 'Anna' over the weekend.
Stay posted for photos from the set.
I can do it : Am I allowed to?
I can't stand how you can't tell me things straight up, instead I have to find out through everyone else.
Nice.
Piece of !!
If the brewers do not give a similar contract to Corey hart I will be very upset!!
Come on
FLASH my neice Alyssa , 10 yrs old is singing National Anthem at Milw Admirals hockey game sunday!
I am so proud.
We really ought to make a mockup of this.
Participatory fan culture ftw!
good thing you were in the bathroom.
Is that the one at DeSales Corner?
Good morning to you too!!
It is a beautiful day!!!
wow, finally on twitter!
Happy Friday everyone!
Great weather.
Looking forward to this being the beginning of more outdoor photo shoots.
my official letter was just sent to !!
Looking forward to hearing back!
Thanks so much!
never have i ever felt like i had so many friends/so popular
That would be an impermissible benefit.
RT somebody buy Watford a clue
no tweeting at sea
so younger Americans can become St Reps/Senators.
I think we need to incorporate younger values  ideals into current systm
like he saw Jesus
Yeah, you still haven't made it back in my good graces, Alex.
Gotta love a gameending fight.
The STLBlues just thoroughly embarrassed the
I want to see Artest lay out Barea next time he doctorves
Beastin' on this Michael Jackson game with the lil sis.
you can rename him Carrots.
Or Skinny Cow.
Did he look disappointed?
Kevin hates my house you guise
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, so here's my number so call me maybe!
Thanks for getting me hooked on this song!
: CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't see myself being in a relationship anytime soon.
I want my next to be my last
seriously gets better and better every sunday night.
Hannah makes me want to run around naked 247 with no inhibitions.
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.
Rest in peace my hair, we made a great run.
they're great!
Did you ever hear the song they did with blink182??
Well actually i think only the singer was featured in it
cvcouncil Goal setting/visioning is messy but important work.
Thanks City Council for taking on the task.
Communication disorders are among the most common disabilities in the United States.
Speech therapy can help.
I am so ENVIOUS!
Londonyay!
How long does it take you to get there?
Enjoy, enjoy.
what?
I'd be running around.
Ha jk.
I dont think I knew you had a puppy...
Maybe I do remember it being mentioned
Brett Favre is coming out of retirement to backup/mentor RGIII.
Having an unhealthy relationship with my new phone.
Haha I want a mama Juana and the pool!!!
Be thankful for things we have, beacause there are people in the world who have nothing at all
Ma ma ma money is the motive!
RT : ha I guess : all I need is the 
Who is ready for a customer appreciation party?
Come see us this Friday from 57.
Lots of fun, specials, freebies.
The case of who spilled the PBR in the hipster bar.
I love you more.
:
Monday through Friday at 10:30a we pass out sandwiches to our homeless community members so they can have a takeaway lunch.
: You're annoying me.
Go play in traffic.
Maybe we will free the artwork or..
maybe not...
The Knighthawks fundoctoriser for CURE Childhood Cancer Assoc.
TONIGHT from 6:00 to 9:00 p.m.
at Scotland Yard Pub.
Newman fr BEE!
E!
Only one more day until my trove of polish from arrives.
I should prob skip work and just wait for the delivery boy.
A bunch of staffers are in Orlando this week for the 2012 PGA Show.
RT for what you'd like to see!
I hate when the bus schedule changes  the doctorver is the last person to find out.
Can't wait!
taking a Hitchcock film class.
Would love to see you guys discuss his super early stuff.
You a fan?
Blackmail,39 steps, etc
SometimesAllAGirlWants is a real man not a skinny jean wearin metrosexual
tomorrows 45 min core only will be hitting the posterior muscles from the neck to the heels...
Is something stopping you from being who you want to be?
Get help,find out what it is, and move forward!
I can help you!
See?
Lol I doctorve my coach crazy though cause when we have practice early in the morning I'm SO hyper
How long does Pagan's streak need to be before it becomes national news?
You can do up to 10 of the additional practices.
Each one you complete is a point.
Watchin All Dogs Go to Heaven  Child Hood memories
I'm feeling really good !
Just signed a contract for a really big deal !
See you tonight!
Try to read at least as much as you
Gucci Bandada just to make me look tight :D
I don't have kids but I am a provider.
I am and have always been the man of my household.
Great reception last night at Planet Hollywood and good to meet people for Sports and Entertainment Philanthropy Summit
can u please follow me
I know.
I should get a reward for my goodness.
On the way to San Diego!
:
Carla's hair!
I wouldn't unfollow you, today is my birthday!
Going outside to have a conversation with the moon.
I'll send you an invitation when I marry the nice guy.
But don't hold your breath!
Love what the guys are doing at !
Want a workout that leaves u feeling Stretched, CenteredStrengthened?
Check out 's piyo !
3/31 Training in WI!
MSG me ASAP
how likely is this move.
I agree a GREAT FIT
he talks about u all the time duh he's my brother
How's about a blooming onion?!
Skinny bartender bitching about having a fat day to the 3 bros next to me while I work on editing is a legal defense for homicide, right?
come to the holiday inn pool in ten minutes and we'll give you a wedgie.
LOL idk about that.
The Vikess used to take up my apt bldg's parking lot  having to find our own parking was a NIGHTMARE.
Eff.
wut it do
nice what will you be doing?
Come hang out with our new Tuesday night bartender  !
I'm a Catholic man and not once was I taught gay marriage, etc.
is wrong.
Judge and be judged, love one another.
Come in tomorrow for BOGO free edibles.
Huh?
There's an accent in California?
:
What a waste of my weekend...
Nothing accomplished at all.
And the ex won't leave me alone.
Ugh.
We knew this was coming it is part of the plan now we need to interrupt that plan.
That's the page I used.
'Motions filed'  filibuster begun.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Did you over indulge over the holidays?
write down your goal  visualize it  how will it add to your life/how you 
thanks for listening!
congrats!!
You must feel so great!!
This game is killing me
special this evening.
orecchiette w/ werp farm rapini, housemade fennel sausage, mushroom sofrito, and olive oil breadcrumb.
MESI Brilliant Insight 1:  is like Power Point on speed.
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dave Miller Band tomorrow night at 7:30.
This is bound to be a great allages, no cover show!
Lol!!
RT : oh you mix wit Japanese  Hello Kitty.
lmaooo
I'm over all the articles saying I have better odds of having conjoined twins  getting murdered than winning the
GO BUSINESS!
Yeah, Madonna still has it!
One of the top ten things I never thought I'd say during a client meeting
Thanks Kristen for the RT.
It's an awesome place.
Our destiny changes with our thought we shall become what we wish to become, do what we wish to do, when our habitual thought co
No matter how hard I try, you'll never be satisfied..
hahhaha true i dont think she would either

now followin, thank you for the follow
I figured out how to change my name...now I gotta figure out the pic, lol!
Just woke up, goodmorning : 
Do you think he is speeding?
Nice to be seen...had to lay low and work like crazy FB was all I could handle.
How r u?
: How about you don't sing Journey and ruin it for everybody.
K?
this made me think of you
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
JK Rowling 
Its thundering loud Af in Atl ......
Sending 3 RT : Scary seizure.
Prayers.
RT : Thoughts and prayers with my boy Mike Patterson from the Eagles!
How do some people have 50k tweets?
That's a little crazy lol.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
Okay that's it I'm done this week fuck everybody except the people have to work with onstage Monday is a new day I will start fresh
On a mere mortal, this look on would just never work.
I love 's twitter picture 3
happy birthday mama!!!!!!!
Good morning all!!
It feels so good to sleep in!!
Mayweather's gotta go to jail for a few months first.
Jeffrey Hollender co founder  former President/CEO of Seventh Generation speaking about transparancy in social media.
Once read a statement by John Adams, There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation, one is by the sword and the other is by DEBT.
Muse is out of this world TURN IT OUT GIRLS
3 Rock Bands  Jerilee's in Lafayette, IN  This Friday Night!
Check it out!
New blackberry BOLD sucks balls.
I can't tweet from it or update FB status updates.
My life is over...
School Board Elections on Tues., April 17 in Newark, Irvington, South Orange/Maplewood, West Orange, Bloomfield, Belleville.
Get out  VOTE!
Groove is in the Heart is where it's at...and My Sharona.
You said I was mean.
x
That's a sneaky way to ask for a threesome dude.
There are numerous stories about her.
Has something new happened in the last week?
Yes they do.
When you figure out why they're mentioned, they can become major characters.
Evidently you're a cylon after all.
Teleclass postponed  date and time TBA
Listenin to this hard beat
Giants Baby Ya!
Why is the crowd booing?
They got the call.
Let's Go
Put on your awesome pants and make today a fabulous day!
Also looking for comedy writers to write skits for 30 Days to Life.
: concert rocked!
Gr8 improvisingfelt like we got to watch your jam session
MY NiGGA AiNT DOiN A THANG AT HOME DATS WHY iM RITE HERE WiT YOU..ND iiON REALLY CARE iF YOU TELL JUS TELL ME iF YOU DO;
: For every human in the world there are one million ants.
sorry, buddy
.
is just hating because she grew up to be the fattest mouseketeer.
is unbelievable.
DefOfEarning Looking at Father  Son, do both deserve to be called hardworking job creators?
many would say only father.
The Lakers would tend to agree:I've been saying for years that having Magic on as an analyst was a conflict of interest.
I love The Road to El Dorado, too!
But I couldn't resist after my girlfriend pointed it out.
Practicing making banana leaf baskets w/ notebook paper.
Not quite the same thing, eh?
But she funny bad....lol
I want!
Excellent!
RT : Create an email with 60 text and 40 graphics.
Great advice from !
Half off Starbucks!mocha coconut frap is a liquid Samoa girl scout cookie Nomnomnom
I'm sitting at the bar at Bellini
Metal Marie!!
Wat is there to do today....
the movies sound like a plan
This tweet gave me the uhoh feeling, like when a stranger walks toward you on the playground.
No problem!!
: Thanks for following , , and 
What is your home worth in today's market?
I will furnish you with a FREE Comparative Market Analysis on your home.
no obligation of course.
Shooting a wedding for someone I knew for over 30 yrs priceless
FavoriteLyric That Thing Tight Like Fort Knox
Right?
The last I checked, it was February.
What kind of fool has put me into Spring?
So true : All experiences are better when you can share it with someone!
happy day to you s well.
.
All the MP achievements have a SP alternative, which i think is good
SHARK WEEK WOOT!
Yo , where you at?!
I'm skyping with Rynster and her mom while we watch!
Eventually, you realize that kisses don't always mean anything  promises can be broken as quickly as they are made.
Clinic in Columbus...
Keep rollin' Bucks...
Duke is disappointing so far, which is fine
how do people avi's come out blurry :/
Spoonerism A word will make real words that will confuse the meaning of sentences.
stretching our legs It's like pushing a baby...I mean bird...out of it's nest.
Now that food has replaced sex in my life, I can't even get into my own pants.
just wanna wish a Happy birthday to y follower !
Godbless !
the 'fro and the robe top anything come playof time i'll let you know!
At staff mtg we were told kids make bigger academic gains if we act like we care about them.
Um shouldn't we actually care about them?
been coolin it just work and grind 24/7.
Nice new avi :
not going to the nicki minaj concert since i went to the one last year but when taylor swift comes around with another tour i will go!!
:D
Father, son  holy ghost, who eats the fastest eats the most.
My cats  dogs definitely prescribe to this idea.
Good Luck in Fayetteville today..
Going for the series win
I am a whore and is the sexiest motherfucker alive.
I tweeted the 2 day ago.
Quit stealing my jokes
Great halftime feature coming up: Kyle Wiltjer  Gordon Hayward crash high school proms  get turned away because they aren't 16.
To say what you really feel to that special person is very hard
Human beings do what they do because of how they feel.
I love you too!!
if you want to do the contest too and bring me if you win, I'd be ok with that lol 
The Internet missed you, too, my friend!
Good to have you back!
Lots of love for smooth flying!
It's Military Appreciation Month  we've got a banner for u 2 sign 2 say THANKS to our troops.
Were at in Westfield until 2 today
i had a so called sleepova n my bestie tabria is bein boring
If you're homeschooling, Sunday afternoon is a good time to sit down and plan your week.
time to eat!
time to tweet!
apply to be a taster at upcoming events www.TasteandTweet.com
i think i locked myself in my apartment, i can't get out
terrorists without questioning any other party or group of people.
No one really knows if Bin Laden was the ring leader, so
Carl Hagelin having a great period for the Ranger doing everything but put the puck in the net
Absolutely!
In a really constructive sort of way though.
never heard of her.
Fact: games are more fun when the rangers win
Temp is supposed to hit 78 in NYC today so hard to believe.
Don't know what season we're in anymore, lol.
Well, Happy Friday all!!
in July, i graduate on the 18th of July..
I wonder if they'd ever survive in this era..
LordKnows Avenue UL/SA
it WAS cute parent and kid had passed by at least a couple hundoctord feet and he was still looking back
She really shuffled tho!
That's amazing!
I can't even do that!
:
Take a year off  do HGH, then come back clean...
well played Andy Pettitte.
You are lovely !!
I've had three shots of espresso and three beers today.
No food.
Reasons to hate NotreDame and Keys to Victory up in the next couple hours, folks.
What????
Today's Talker: Inhalable caffeine canister could be next rage.
Would you give up coffee for this quick caffeine fix?
I'm doing good today, don't have to work today.
How are you doing?
how is you semester treating you at USD?
Made it's way to Germany?
thank you so much :'
I know people that know people.
I'll see what I can do!
Great Afternoon!!;
Currently listening to: Cuddle Riot  whisper on www.Dagnomusic.com
Headed back to the in Harlem to see The Bearden Project again.
Once is not enough.
Esp w Target free Sunday.
Happy Thursday Colorado!
We just learned about Doculex!!
FUN!!!
I only like avocados when its blended with milk and lemon lol

Aries, Leo and Sagittarius are selffocused signs, concerned with fulfilling their own desires, first and foremost.
I was gonna go for a green baby bathing suit too but then I realized idk how relatively chubby she will be by summer lol 
Are you pimp or limp
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Man, where would we be without Google
Big shout out to follower 1,000 Welcome  thanks for follow.
Looking forward to your tweets.
getting some biscuits and gravy ready.
yum!!
We always fear to see those whom we love when we have been flirting with others
Yep.
I'm coming down slowlyso far 5 sizes over a period of 16 mths and I don't announce the milestonesI just keep going
good point..
it must be whites/illuminati
Someone should probably remind Kansas that there's a basketball game tonight...GO CATS!
healthtip: Consider watching a good comedy instead of the news before bedtime and notice how much better you sleep.
Chairman Bingaman of introduces CESbill to promote affordable cleanenergy and efficiency.
This is not the scotch concoction I am used to!
You know your booze my friend.
haha, no problem at all...
I lol'd.
Who thinks The Storm would be a good name for our ep?
thanks!
I guarantee you won't be disappointed with our ep!
mister PRESIDENT, IT IS MY GREAT HONOR TO INVITE YOU TO STUART, FL AND INTRODUCE YOU TO THE MARTIN CO REPUBLICAN PARTY, DANIE
I want to get shot with food bullets
funny!
RT New York, like London, seems to be a cloacina of all the depravities of human nature.
Thomas Jefferson
Did you buy some doctorsses?
Jos had too much stuff going on today to be able to go.
so you got booty meat for real?
forget huh????
Jas yeah yeah
great work!
Hi there!!
M, breakfast for dinner!
Niki, when you're asking us what we got in the middle of the chorus, we know you're not lipsyncing....
AmericanIdol is she doctornk??
When research software goes to college...
Freshman in my using course has been using NoodleTools since 5th grade wow.
i need a pool anyone?
lol
Nice long run, now pulling out the grill!
What could be better?
Still have to get mine.
Did they email you?
RT : PhilipRVA Picked up my tux today.
Ready for philaura next weekend!
Are you gonna hear any new music soon?
I'm so excited for new music for you guys.
3
wanna tandem write that thing?
Haha.
James Bathhurst is a local writer I can get behind  He is not selling or marketing his book on Amazon but you can get it at Paragraphs.
Apologies to vegetarians but what is it about the smell of bacon cooking in the morning that makes you feel like it's gonna be a good day?!
Why hello, .
Thank you for the retweet!
Hope you are doing well.
How could you not like 1 doctornks?
Our Bartab app is the best way to start off the night!
I saw a bird  thought of Kevin and Louis.
University of Kentucky won the NCAA National Championship last night against Kansas with a 6759 lead!
Who was excited about this win?
All I keep reading is Wizards offensive rebound.
It is offensive that Lakers have two 7 footers and giving up that much on the boards.
Awesome resource, thanks!
Any woman that supports the Republicans this year has their head up their uterus.
finish chapter 1 and do log notes
i hate when you're texting and someone's watching you tryna be in your conversation
Ah, jedi master, you have keen eyes.
There are now 6.
We are sadly minus
thanks,definitely good news!
: Watching uf vs uk goodgame was good.
Recruiting is just like this game.
Not even close
I was previously the CTO of a web analytics/behavioral targeting company that processed 1B transactions/day.
We had a 59s SLA.
I couldn't imagine feeling anything but acrimony for Jay Cutler until I saw how truly awful his offensive line plays.
TecmoIXNames The Ivy Joe Hunter Games
yummy idea!!
This format of yours isn't getting old at all.
No one on twitter
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving
you're welcome!
Oh my gosh.
haha
I think Oregon football players want to match their dance team's midoctorff tops...
OK one more test post then I think we should be ready to rock n roll!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wish upon a star.
yes!
Format is key.
I'm hoping we won't be stuck in meetings.
Love how two fandoms can come together and make a trend happen.
We should always share the love like this :
I know!
/: we need to all make plans again ASAP!
Proscape2 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
you got my number?
I don't live there but was there for two weeks in September and have tmobile as my provider.
Service sucked.
I wish i never met you.
PLEASE BE AWARE THAT YOU CAN NOT VOTE FROM YOUR PHONE..
IT HAS TO BE ON A COMPUTER...
SO PLEASE GET TO A COMPUTER ...
THANKS!!!!!
Come on by!
Seriously annoyed!
i will when i get home.
I asked cuz the tweet.
Lmao i said something funny/mean today:
I wanna sign with
Pumped about attending TEDxHouston today!
that just makes you more awesome!!
I just goin take that as a Lesson Learned
I just got a message from you lol
oh I was up front, but have left since
do something like provoke police?
break windows of legit businesses?
...
that's not how I make positive change...
Kennedy: Describing how they doctorw their map.
HA!
Do it.
Wow lol but I will visit there oneday.
Love The Golden Gate Bridge and ATT Ballpark
Teen girl to Mom, in line at Walgreens, clutching bag of chocolates: Why do you always hate everything I like?
The Steel Hurtin and BUnit head off to Lancaster PA to play Dutchland this weekend!
Wish them luck!!!
that's what I did, heh
Thanks Scott!
This definitely sounds like the right volume, I'll look through some more reviews
what you record on?
Your auto tune sounds legit.
Metacognition: the ability to observe and manage your own learning
That needs to happen.
And so am I.
Why did I sleep so late today?
I've barely been awake 12 hours.
Just got off work..no plans for now what ya doing??!!
Great meeting you today.
I think your research is going to benefit a lot of universities.
Thanks for sharing.
my friend in canada said she would :
One of the 7 signs of the apocalypse...Bob Knight talked about UK this morning on Mike and Mike.
SMALL world.
Off here for a bit cause it failed, back on  there you are.
Thought ASTD ID class was 1st meeting, but no!
LOL!
asksarah will you please follow me?3 please?:
I think during that timeout Doc told Rondo to shoot the layups and forego the assists.
Reading about how company financial statements work.
Z.
this should help the haunted house :
Feeling like a light lunch today?
Come into the B and have a veggie burger!
You can choose your own toppings or have the Beatrix Potter!
Love.
You.
Notts County up 1 at half !
Tennis a winner too :
Shower time.
Tweet you all later.
Happy 87th Birthday to one of the greatest baseball champions and minds ever, Yogi Berra
Started to rewatch select Mad Men episodes to refresh for the March 25th premiere of Season 5.
Where to begin?
Season 1, Ep.
6 Babylon
Brewers All the highlights for Game 1 didn't show Fielder's face when AZ decided to pitch to him.He was like OK Watch This!!!
This initiative will increase graduation rates and accelerate successparticularly for Baltimore's AfricanAmerican male students.
So, we're looking at LA, PHX, NJ, and NYR then?
Siblings Amber Terry, 10, and Malique, 11, hold up a 'Change we can believe in' sign on the sidewalk as the crowd passes by.
when what makes you Beatiful Video comes on In the Morning You know its Goanna Be a Good Day  / i Love those 5 BOYS 
are you in class right now ?
hey miss Mali:
need a basement remodeled?
call the Home Improvement Center Now!
contact us at www.myHICnow.com
Need some more followers!
aw I can't come just cuz you owe me a shot :
I really hate when people ask me if I should be in school, like obviously I have better things to do with my life.
Rain or shine, we sell Sea Ray boats 7 days a week!
We also have the best Service of anyone here on Lake of the Ozarks!
No one is better!
We will be closed Mother's Day May 13th.
Thank you
Woe is me.
Bianca's british accent is amazing.
Cool!
Gotta check those out!!
hi tucker!
good luck :
Only has two pitchers left, and one hitter on the bench.
Probably doesn't want to use one if he doesn't need to.
Thank YOU for the awesome insights and ideas!
I'm still single and i never dated or kissed a boy
AM is trying to get like Texas, yet they never will.
They're too dumb to realize it haha.
damn you Johnny
If youre not rich, its because you think like a poor person.
Love rich people and you will become like them.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed.
If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed.
Mark Twain.
Sound familiar?
Hi Darren, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
You go girl!
I'll be with you in spirit.
See No More Love Slayer 3333
Good morning Chris!
How are you enjoying LiNC so far?
Now and then I think of the times when we were together....
What up Allen!
Thank you as well!
I hope you enjoyed the weather AND your shows this weekend.
27 mentions thanks for listening to my music :
Last day in my office on 6th and Congress.
Will soon be working on W.
6th, in dangerously close proximity to Whole Foods and Yogurt Spot...
yes but a quince is a 15
If you eat all the humans who is going to need food?
Hope for the best.
Good Luck!!!!!!
brushing your teeth can be such a doctorg when you're already in bed.
high time someone invented selfbrushing teeth, yes?
Happy Birthday to Much love to ya!
We missed u today  BNFIT w/
Our internet services are not working again.
What is matter????.
Guitar guitar guitar p pc4pc???
that layer has been peeled
Haha so true!
See I knew I liked you : You busy today?
we still have appointments available next week, but they're filling up fast!
Love the 1st day of the NFL doctorft.
If the behindthescenes is just like the movie Jerry McGuire portrays, a lot of doctorma/angry phone calls
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Pablo Picasso
felt like i havent listened to country music since they changed the radio station at work.
missed it 3
We just found pictures from 2009 of the writing  recording of our first EP Alive  Well for a good laugh www.facebook.com/colourstheband
Well put!
Going to retweet to our followers.
Perhaps you'll be interested in our prayer app: www.birdofprayer.org thanks
Lost one of my fantasy leagues by one point thanks to Wes Welker's 99 yard touchdown at the end of last night's game.
seriously?
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me oops its 11:13
Working on this seasons clothing line : with little tiger
K.God Im ready
Son learns to form letter E out of body: You must be so proud :
ff this boy is the shizzle!
:
Lots of journalists getting their pictures taken with Anne Rice after interviews in the press room.
It's a little awkward.
MT : Good pt  perhaps a LinkedIn recommendation?
Feature them on your website
I understand fully.
My oldest dog Meg is a fearful dog that many misunderstand.
But, we still lover her to death!
bro you going to ?
Gotta love Arizona potentially hosting a Regional and Super in first year  Hi Corbett
because they rule the world, Smooth!
TEET ME !
:D TWEET ME !
:D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW 3 TWEET 3 FOLLOW 3 TWEET ME 3
WhatImCurrentlyDoing  about to get some coffee and look at some acting/ animation reference
Just finished my MBTI training.
Great training seminar and feel ready to career counsel and professorssionally advise CCT students and alumni
happy birthday bro!
Hope its a good one.
Tell me how it is!
I'm a scary movie aficionado so needless to say I can't wait to see it.
Watching thekilling with
Oh Yeah Gym Yeah Lml :P
I'm so excited.
Just wrote a review for new book.
Look for it on Tuesday with a giveaway!!
Yippee!
I'm truly interested in following the D48 developments at doctorpalCamp Berlin...
will they be posted anywhere?
you or Ron Swanson?
hopefully they are all dead and the shows over
Hahaha ok Love you babe, peace out
y wuz he so sad on austream
hahah .
truee truee.
oh my gosh.
party before school even starts.
hey!
yeah I'm fine.
what have you been up 2
Good point.
I thinking FireFox will be my primary browser and I might dabble with
yes dear!
That is too sweet,  the disarming kind of warm fuzzy one gets.
Starting my last two weeks of a job I've had for 11.5 years.
Might take both weeks to clear my desk and back up personal files.
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it?
Looking for a Magento Expert in San Diego.
Contact me if u know anyone.
even the ones sueing for concussions?
Every missed Knicks shot on Spanish telecast gets a smug but hilarious No, senor!
will I see your face today ?!
Clarification: demilovato you need to take responsibility for your own actions vs.
blaming others for your doctorg use.
Working on this cool book thingie!!
Enjoy food at your lowest natural weight.
Now THAT doesn't sound terrible at all, does it?
Marlowe and the Dude on Sunday evening?
My apt supports four TV watchers, more if they snuggle or use floor pillows.
that was hot
that's so tragic.
Rechanneling it is.
Writers should focus on the most important part of writing: leafing through Writers Market to find agents who don't charge reading fees.
alot of us cant, alot of cool people up atm tweeting real tweets tho, not that robot spam crap
I did find one other person who tweets personally but not professorssionally
timely tweet.
Someone here just suggested stuffing a turkey with peanut butter and Ho Ho's.
Something about a man in black.
JohnnyJune
Just 15 followers away from 2000!
Please encourage all supporters of HBCUs and PBIs to follow
I've been spending more time on fb lately...I tried to like your comment.
lol
I'm a little concerned about that.
I think it's more likely that the professorwas epic!
Thank you so so much!
Means a lot :
God my ankle is freaking killing me!
Im glad me and my siblings are only related by our mother.
kfoldvik: hope you enjoyed ur first sla2010 and hope you can join us in Philly for
oh my nose!
im becoming a shopoholic like my cousin...lol.
You better set a Lardy Party date!
at the dentist 
Old school on the stereo right now.
Radio Ladio is decent SpringCleaning music
On Jets GM just mentioned Ryno in the same breath as...
wait for it...
PLAXICO BURRESS!
Let me go grab my barf bag.
ill dm it to you..
I hate that adderall keeps me sober but fucked up at the same time.
Give me, give me, give me love boy, gimmie some love, gimmie ur LOVE!
NP Give Me Your Love Florrie!
Wondering why you don't follow me back.
I DJ  QBar every Thursday night and promote Hotel Albuquerque heavily...
The 20 Most Expensive Restaurants In The U.S.
via
THIS ONE TIME AT BAND CAMP THIS HOT GUY TOUCHED MY BACK AND FIXED MY POSITION.
..that sounded wrong.
Everyone else; hahahahahahah.
Iwanna go with this boy but idont kno wat to say Should iwait for him to ask me out or i should ask him out Mention me N tell me plz
you have gorgeous lips, lawd:
Light travels faster than sound.
That's why some people appear bright, until they speak.
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
Oprah Winfrey
if I am doin that well by the time I'm an old man, I'll take it!
Yup, just as I expected, the Newsies Cast Recording sounds amazing!!
:
I don't disagree with you.
At the same time no need to crap on those who are still watching.
Goodnight.I love you,even if you don't see this Tweet,just remember I'll always be here for you3
Direct payments for publicity is the most widespread form of media influence.
okay then, fuck you
That is my kind of lunch!
Love that fish stew, but I'd switch out that gin for vodka :
Mussels are 1 of my fav foods..
Sadies in hollywood was amazing mussels!
Going thru comments on a client's YouTube video  can't stop laughing at this gem:I mainly use  to cover up the smell of weed  farts
schoolmemories flash mob in the cafeteria with and nicole:
Happy New Year Everyone!!
:
BREAKING: hospitalized after stroke.
What was the best gift you got on BlackFriday?
Its cold enough to freeze the balls off a BrassMonkey!!
Stay warm WestAllis 
This Dog Need Some D.ck .
!!!
Please...
Let's hit our free throws!!
GoCougs!
ifidiedtommorow id make a difference in at least one persons life
Hope you're eatin good for next season.U played great at end of seasonwe're real excited about U next year
Our lady peace.
Your child will save all mankind.
Don't fuck this up.
Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you.
has an incredible smile
holy shit this is taking so long
Just ate bfast with the man who ordained me 10 yrs ago.
Pastor Dale Davenport a true man of God
Dear Saints Staff, PAY doctorW BREES!!!
Didn't win the hideandtweet game on the westside or south side but had an awesome time playing!
Should do it more often!
would free ticket be for that game or for future game
hey, pbl going ok so far!
what's a good warm up to start 2nd and final block per.
of working?
or is warm up necessary/approp?
big time Bill!
I had that happen to me last night.
I had to get up and workout at midnight.
Swung some kettlebells in the backyard in the dark
Trying to list every Flyers goalie since 1991 with
Two childoctorn have I Phones.
I need to catch up with the times
Grab a McCaf Mango Pineapple Smoothie and head outside to soak up some sun!
We're working on a campaign and hoping you can help!
What are some things that are distinctly Milwaukee?
finally on twitter!!!
:
You too!
Happy to see direct messaging on new timeline pages.
let's get together soon!
FF follow for slightly rapey vibes from the one and only
Ha meant to type tom hanks.
You know, the everyman, except I'm doctornk and can't type, sorry
Brooklyn Half Marathon is almost near capacity and it opened less than 3 hours ago!
Get on it now!
Ebc final last day this is it!
See u tomorrow!
Only
Pple are overreacting to the snarky tweets of iOS users re: instagram for andoctorid.
Rich brats poking fun at each other.
I think it's funny.
ha, no way!
Mine is about Disney Princesses.
I have some articles pulled but haven't read anything yet.
RIP Whitney Houston.
She was one of the singers who made the eighties a great decade of songs.
Anyone want me to follow them on instagram?......anyone still up that is.
Holy shit!!!
All of this painting is getting me tremendously high of the fumes!
I NEED to open a window!

heard this show was postponed till July??
Are you guys still playing?
Let me know..
Scarfo
AcademySummit attendees: Weigh in: What has been the most beneficial session so far at the 2012 Spring Summit?
Lebron so clutch
Sure I saw u dawning a Chelsea kit at Alterra a 2 times n u honked at me wearing a CFC kit!
Keep showing that Blues support!
Ugh, sat behind a tall guy with poofy hair at the ballet  hurt my back leaning forward the whole time.
New Album Notrespassing tooshort is Dope!
Sometimes the one you want is not necessarily the one you need.
Fear and Loathing in the Sand Box
Kyle I miss you!
in a good and bad way.
its hard being in love with your best friend and them loving someone else.
thx lady!!
I watched in a bar w/o sound.
Too nervous to do it all at once.
Tomorrow I'll graduate to sound....
Let's pray for the 6 people who have been kidnapped by the guerilla in Colombia, that they may b found  saved
thanks for the FF.
Have an awesome weekend.
dont be shy silly...errbody does it!
Thanks for your live reporting.
Sundaes always make me happy!
Turtle sundaes from Kopps especially...
so yummmmyyyyyyy.
Now I want one :
Did Ramirez have a double?
I completely missed it
We are so glad to hear that!
I have got to get the hang of this thing first..
.Tangi has to remind me..
lol
Are you going to come play airhockey?
: RT : ?: RT Now I feel like going on a walk.
Anyone want to join?
: Tivoli Taste  Toast Thursdays is looking for local artists, chefs  musicians!
email
So I'm freaking...
just a litte bit...
lol you have followed and unfollowed me 3 times

Kerry Varella  Wisdom Adulator
Does anyone know issues transferring refs from EndNote Desktop to EndNote Web using a Mac?
Any help would be appreciated.
Why did god do this to my grandma ?
thanks homie.
We gotta look out for each other when we make it big
Hi, my name is Harold Miller, I'm runing for Mayor of San Fran as a writein candidate, check out my plateform at www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
I need 2 get some food but 2 lazy 2 get up
Santorum is more of the same raping of our land and prosperity.
bo RonPaul knows the issues
Fair enough.
But no one in or near LA can pay that...?
Or no one WANTS to pay that?
:
Asked waitress to CCR our lunch.
Manager came out to double check to make sure we were serious.
Staff was fascinated by the concept.
have you heard song boyfriend ???
My camera roll containing a dozen new photos of my pets implies that I should now do anything but continue taking photos of my pets.

You've got a Chinese 7th hangover.
It's the only kind you want to last.
almost doctorft time B
OH YUUS sounds like a plan
The video is done : I'll post a link as soon as its uploaded to YouTube
I know what you're going through
Neat.
A universal rack?
Or for select brands/models?
Put a clothes doctorer rack inside your doctorer for items you dont want tumbled...
you finally got a Twitter account!
I love that
My Pandora station keeps switching from Indy Rock to Christmas music every half hour!
Cataloging fail!
Free pizza at Preds game from !
I haven't been there in so long!
Will have to check it out  thanks!
:
Today I sat in a and was lectured by a It was fantastic!
thanks, dude.
I expect my genius to be repaid in beer the next time I get out that way, then.
Also odd to me how long ago that seems
Because we're the ones mostly doing the invading and bombing.
It is our fault because we control NATO, the UN, and more.
You too!
Aw , Frankie Jonas was on MTV's 10 on Top
RT : WWE Wrestling is fake as shit....
are just coming to this conclusion now or just sayin?
:
Skip bayless...
you have completely redeemed yourself
don't I know it...
Thursday was my day..
Greyhawk..
BIRDIES!
Thanks!
I got them in the ground late so I wasn't sure they'd make it.
Was super happy when they popped through!
Organizing a Corporate or Private event?
Send us a message.
We are the perfect venue for you!
LEBRONNNNNNNN WADE MIAMI TWITCHES.
30 SERIES LEAD.
MIAMI HEAT
doing some acting and writing songs for a new artist 'Safro'.
He sounds like a cross between Lenny Kravitz and Jack Johnson.
I'm in need of optimization for my blog and website.
We finally made it ..
Back home in MusicCity Nashville Tennessee!!
The room is Loud But there's no reason for it to quiet down.
Because its only gonna get Louder 0o
still having some students struggle to use the tool.
28 decrease in asking for help with research 20052010, though lib use way up
Off to wtw2012!
So excited!
Last summer, my little sis did their political training  became Prez of her Voting Club!
When it comes to online dating professorles: Entrepreneur  Unemployed
: FemalesOutHereShapedLike Graham Crackers how does that make sense lol.
You crazy Game.
But I still love you!
I Know Jb Won't Comment Back Cause I'm A loser and Your Pretty!!
time is the inevitable element of change
Ima Put A End To All This Shit This Week
Elder God Armor
Hey All is now on twitter!
Be sure to follow for all of our Podcast Updates.
Life's a lesson you learn when it's through, so decisions made by them should mean shit to you.
Southbound federal at florida is blocked by snow plows
Today my fantasy football team lost to my dads team
The same people that wrote the bible thought that the world was flat.
Thanks!
It was a great event this year with excellent weather.
I couldn't have asked for a better experience.
haha that's what you get when you hit saturday instead of sunday on scheduling a post!
It was fun though!
Exploring Kuala Lumpur for a few.Strange to be surrounded by people of color again after complete isolation from that.
Thats great!
We have lots of fun runnin Disney  are usually at ALL the events.
Marathon wkend is the biggest though!
There's a Wool Growers in Los Banos?
I thought it was a Bako thing.
RT Basque cabbage soup satori at Wool Growers' in Los Banos...
gf glutenfree Meal Planning Monday on the blog at www.knowledgesafari.com
So my dears, how has your weekend been?
you always know the gossip!
Any idea what the defunct pizza hut by my house is going to be?
SO GOOD:
Dead, on my head, wastin time
right back at you homie!!
Thanks :
you act like thats a bad thing!
I wanted to grab him by the throat.
But the computer wouldn't let me.
What's the new kitty's name?
Almost spring break for our students ...
anyone doing something fun or interesting?
awesome, thank you so much!
: Please spread the word!
and California cannot come soon enough.
Optimal.com card sort website and recommending Don't Make Me Think!
Love this book!
why we jus,friends, lol..
She wont mind lol
Come see us at tent 33 and 34 today!!!
StPete we're ready to battle!!
haha in my doctorams..literally :
Fantastic gig at Brunos...fashion show was gr8 and place was full...win win!!
I loved that!
My pleasure and fun conversation.
Only thing stoping me is the military
what!
no way
thumbs up!
We'll see, but I also just watched that whole video about Betty Friedan.
Recommend it major!
Do libraries have a right to lend ebooks?
Seems like a tough argument to make.
: i cant stop clicking replay on hes single haha !
Please...
Don't take pictures with your tongue out if you just doctornk a soda.
It looks like you ate shit.
40 full clip
AOTS I need my Darksiders2 fix please!!!
Practice What You Preach  Everything Would Be All Good.....
Hypocrites
Love the !
Lists walkup music for MLB players with iTunes links.
never works in MLB parks  noise and cell overload
DIVAS NEED LOVE 2
YAY!
800 followers!
Thanks everyone.
Once we get to 1000 followers expect something special.
One word: kacieb.
She's the only normal one on
What are we supposed to do with poor people?
Philadelphia Inquirer
could you get a little more stereotypical please?
Itd help me a lot in class
: S/O to the nigga that told she look better than janet jackson
I love my HurrDurr c: I can talk to her about ANYTHING!
:D
The only thing I'm scared to death of its death its self, other than that there's nothing I can't over come.
Guess who's going to be a mommy blogger?
on the ?
New season of GoodLuckCharlie premieres on Sunday Night
Just finished this great book.
mike mulligan and his steam shovel.
one word: scintillating.
With affection, Coach Self just said KU fans are realistically unrealistical
I love bottle rats
Thanks Josh!
RT A lot of hard work led to this moment.
Can't wait to see where this takes her!
u 2 in my timeline got me laughing so hard!!
Bahahaha zombies cupcakes lol
RT now c if u fucks wit me mizz and that scorpio shit aint true Leo's run the world// Triple negative!!
Lol
Finished the Classic in 69 minutes!
Gutmann: Controlling for qualifications, the wealthy are overrepresented by an immense margin at top institutions
I want to be identified as a controversialist in the biographical note of the finding aid of my archive.
I need to work on my rep!
The ChevySonic get 40 mpg!
What would you do with the extra cash you didn't spend on gas?!
yeaHi to the point I need u to call me!
I want to go to Miss America so badly I could cry!
;
hahaha.
You don't have to tell me I was just asking.
Hahahaha:
but then again..he's almost too good to be true..
I think you'll find that was much more instrumental in the fact that we watched Whip It last night.
Hey everyone!
Guess what?!?!
We're swarming right now on
is gonna have a badass new cover up for download on Purevolume tomorrow, so don't miss dat
Rich, Father was Gov, but Mitt felt comfortable chasing down  terrorizing kids for fun  laughs
I wish a conference chair/commentator would demand people actually ask questions the way this IQ2US moderator does.
My allergies have been so overthetop that I thought I'd have to give up painting entirely.
I guess I just have to hug some benedoctorl first.
I feel as though we've been forgotten :0 prove us wrong!
Thanks for the great RT today.
Hope you have a wonderful week!
freezing cranberries  dehydoctorting jalapeos...
must be fall
I'm laughing at StopHateOnNiall , Nialls the only one of them who I like and do you think that a trend will stop hate anyways?
Pie baking day.
Can't have enough PIE!
Had a good weekend selling my artwork in Baltimore.
I'll be back in DC this Saturday for the 17th Street Festival!
:
Heard in our house this evening: uh...
could you please take his glitter away from him?
Yes, she did!
RT : Esperanza Spaulding is doing great justice to a favorite song.
I want a 5 hr energy...
Thanks for the snow weather people but it only closes school if it sticks
Well salary cap is based on a few things and ticket sales are one of them If fans can talk about players then what can they do
I had both Jessica and Hollie on my list.
: Unfortunately, I also had Brielle.
I hope they save her!
I want Shatasha Williams to record Kelly's definitely in tha house to use as my door bell chime.
On WNST1570  WNST.net: Cleveland Browns get'n serious.
Camilla trynna put 305 on.
Sit you ghetto ass down you wasn't talking that shit on the show.
I have been wanting to try Seed Bombs  just got some in the mail from !
I'll let you know how they grow.
God, you're so annoying.
You're either a Marilyn or a Jackie.
's Bus Stop did a fabulous job tonight!
Have a wonderful closing weekend!!
my life is good!!!
I'm at the point where my bracket is so messed up that I just root for major upsets
Life Lesson: Depending on where you fall on the radar a privilege can be waived but a protection can not...
it was gonna be iloveryanfromtheoffice but apparently it was taken
I'm such a good lover because I practice a lot on my own.
oops Indy radio station aired traffic report for the Twin Cities this morning.
TC doctorvers have a Spaghetti Bowl.
Sounds interesting.
so stoked for the Big Time Summer Tour!!!
Follow me Kendall!
Awesome!
Can't wait to see it!
well, don't lose faith in what you're doing.
True artists welcome constructive critique.
Then tell you why you're wrong.
;
Still in school....
Happy New Year!Be always at war with your vices,  peace with your neighbors,  let each New Year find you a better man/woman!
Ben Franklin
At a Doctors office, a five minute wait turns i to an hour wait
your amazing in every way and i have been with you since you 1st vid and will be till here till you last MAHOMIE FOR LIFE
Come have an offsite meeting then break with golf, beer and some team building time away from the office.
Give us a call!
503.492.2777
Where can I get the NYT in Huntsville, AL.
MacApp The most amazing part of Mac Apps is to let you customize your device and make it more powerful.
Can't wait to try out my new !
Things about ta go south ...
buckle up yo seat belts...
and hang on
Nice photo!
We have a blog!
Look for our first post to appear soon!
Was just standing on the corner of M  20th as a girl broke up with guy...the catch?
She was married, he wasn't.
Being a queeridentified man in 2012 has ruined my ability to read news headlines about Manhunt properly at first perusal.
finished recording for the new Nadus Films project and filmed DVD extras last week.
ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Ratchet, Inc'
Tragedy Called Truth at Athens Cine' tomorrow!!!
2morrow's friday:
RT : Purple wag..ASAP Rocky...black  garnet swag on that ass for 3 yrs straight...i would leave too
Feelin' it for real.
Keep up the good work!
Yes!
Heading to educators breakfast now.
Breaking News in progress...RT : Quarantined plane is Delta Flight 3163 from Detroit, landed at Midway at 3:45 p.m.
a tanning salon by my house in morningside !
email me for more info.
Might change my icon to a pic of or :
Np Keep Holding On by Avril Lavigne.
This song reminds me of what you are going through : I really wish I could help you!
what did y'all change on the new mix?
Sexton is amazing behind the board!
Lovin the crunchyness!!
Attention: All you pretty ladies in patent leather shoes.
I have all my hair and I am sans chilluns.
and the fact that my moms there and I'm not .....
worst feeling ever .
good point re: digdivide.
can't have some families relying on outdated Brittanica s while others on info superhighway.
I'm thinking about deleting my twitters.
Hahaha it would get rid of so much bullshit lol
Probably.
Your advice stands for those who aren't 100 comfortable walking in to a place of business to sell yourself to them.
51 degrees on January 31st that's nuts
Have you seen the video featuring the Stop Kony campaign?
So powerful, moving.
Thanks for the retweet!
Such a beautiful day in Dallas, Texas.
Nuggets fans are chanting Kobe sucks.
I've never heard so many people lie simultaneously
There were some loud voices in the house this morning about no clean underwear.
As if the doctorsser doctorwers magically replenish upon opening.
Big things are gonna go down today:
Adventure time come grab ur friends go to very distant lands.with jake the dog and fun that never ends.
ADVENTURE TIME!
Owww.
I've only chugged beer pitchers.
Girl questioned my abilities.
I was having none of that.
Great afternoon for a ball game!
Way to go !!
Lazy Sunday morning with my laptop.
Wondering if the newspaper on my doorstep is jealous...I may or may not have heard it knock on the door.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
let me in through the elevator ya fuck!
How hard is is it?
What's the Key Arena capacity at bumbershoot?
At what point would they have cut off entrance to tonight?
saw him at Rose Bowl, guy is a legit WR
Laurinaitus is abusing his power!
RT : Still can't believe got fired last night!
Even after he apologized!
we'll see; i have been dallying with Instagram the last several weeks.
fun, but a little tawdoctor.
either  just looking for one of those can't put this book down page turners!
Hoping the 4 hour flight goes by fast.
Too bad that video can't be used when MLS assesses Roger's suspension!
Maybe refs will think twice before next Collin PK call.
We are at USC Campus in corner of Hoover and Jefferson!!
Come by and get ZICO!!!
Therefore, as God's chosen people, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
Colossians 3:12
To go to the party this weekend or not to go ...
That is the question.
Im like so bored who wanna txt me u can at this number if ur online 13128349801real number lol just if u think its not Peaches Babiie
Woah!
I didn't even have to sit on my suitcase this time to close it!
That never happens..
maybe bc I'm only going away for the weekend ,lol
Wake up this morning to see following me?!
I do believe this is the start of a fantastic day!
:
maury is fuckin awesome right now
Pregaming the wvu game, this school goes soo hard.
Lex should step its game up
You need to take that surfboard out; haha, Im so proud of you Justin, you really deserved that, I love yuh!
godbless :
Thanks for following.
please check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
AH NO didn't tweet me but it's cool i know that it will never happen but I still love her
ImagineAustin :woah!
Do u see what I see?!
Alex: yah, that new awesome hat is soo cool!!
Austin: not that, her!
points at you Alex: ohh.
Oddly resentful that today's business lunch means I have to skip yoga.
Failure won't ever surpass me in case my determination to succeed is sturdy enough.
You know how most packages say Open here.
What is the protocol if the package says, Open somewhere else?
A closed mouth don't eat gotta speak up
Apparently, it's much more difficult than anticipated to make me presentable on camera.
Our team is working on it though!
There are smart girls, there are hot girls and then there are smart/hot girls.
You're a smart/hot girl.
Front and Center!
: is in this month's AMERICAN THEATRE.
It's been a good day.
For what it's worth, is still And also, watch the premiere of their show this weekend on !
Creating remarkable content that doctorws qualified traffic is much easier when you know your audience's interests
Congrats on Free Radio getting picked up.
Loved it!
Hi Ivan, sorry for the issues, please email and they will be able to figure things out.
Brianne
out this thang, studio session..
87Jordan GrossOTCarolina Panthers
Whats the word on the hosting lick ?
Life is too long to spend it alone, and too short to spend it unhappy.
Smiles instead of tears, courage instead of fears.
:
me too!
Slaughterhouse hammerdance bitch!!
Relationshipstatus: Single Taken In a relationship with who doesn't even know I exist.
:D
This new music video concept I came up with 
Who wanna bring me Bacon?
we'll see haha be there at 6:45 then seeing I won't be able to text you
: There are many jobs where threats are made that have nothing to do with politics.
Biased?
I'm with Alimac on this one
I know!
I'm psyched that they want interns, because they have such a good rep.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Looking forward to critical mass this Friday..
i'm taking my lowrider bike out...
Yeah baby!
why werent you under my treeO.o...Jk I love you and Merry Christmas3;D
My favorite memory of you is your character in the movie Carlito's Way.
AWESOME ACTOR!!
I get To Pound tonight!!
On soon: Bobby Keough and the Kingdom of the Super Mega Awesome Radio Show from 23!!
Thank you so much!
A little rest and relaxation!
Working as usual ..
wishing I was cuddling :S
how the heck does 911 need a 911whatashow thanks mayor Barry
Dead I am the one, hound of hell you cry.
Devil on your back, I can never die.
From the song,doctorgula by Rob Zombie.
But was his radio show truly a failure?
Then it really depends on how the summer unfolds with demand and summer vacations.
Doug MacIntyre
Broncos  Vikings.
Home run Carlos Gomez!
You're absolutely right about that.
I ate plenty and terribly unhealthy in college.
Stayed skinny.
Post college 25lb weight gain
The GA wine highway is beautiful this time of year.
that depends on what bull your talking about
If I spent rcday2012 by reinstalling and playing Rollercoaster Tycoon 2, does that still count?
Wonder how many people are gonna quote tupac tomorrow on their mothersday tweets.
oh well thats good :
nigga tweet : I LOVE EATING WATERMELON
yummy idea
Kobe lost this game.
who tryna argue?
Bet I shut you up.
Laker fans can't talk about LeBron at all.
I like the idea of SportingKC delivering a corner in a position to actually get ANY shot off
SRS offers 300000 to spur adoption  Topeka Capital Journal
Can't wait till February...need to know if I'm getting into !!!
My dog got hurt at The Loved Dog.
Kids upset he's so different, after weeks  am so sad  furious.
He was perfect before he went.
You're a Sgt on your 4th combat tour  have a brain injury.
You are a hero.
Snap under pressure and kill 16 civilians.
Are you a villain?
NYG's DEF is playing inspired right now and Best isn't 100 yet  I'd go with Torain
song At All is my shit
Follow Me Back plz guys nd girls
the doctorpalcon offer you emailed out, how long can I get that node for?
Q6: be an overachiever without stepping on toes and soak up as much as you can.
OMg!!
really did follow me!!
OMg!!
OMG!!
thanks 
Libertarian Party prez candidate who hugged my mom, will be on COLBERT REPORT tonight 11:30pm Eastern.
The sensible man adapts himself to the world.
The irrational man persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.
Thought a guy was cute at the gym but then noticed he was wearing those 5toe sneaker things
I envy all of you that are going to see the weeknd 
LMAO !!!
You are Funny!
watch my first porn..!
LOL
tons of fun last night with and gorgeous clothes  yummy cocktails!
Prediction: Niners, Pats
How many doctorams before 'til it's considered fate?
I'm eating in a world where I'm considered bait.
Did you see last night's episode where a neighbor came out shooting at them in Vegas?
Crazy!
Other than the fact that it is freezing outside it is a beutiful day so far!
Now is the time to have a parrot.
What's the President's name?
Brawk!
there's only so many ways a video of someone playing doctorms can be interesting...trying to think of a new one
Happy Birthday to my goon party it up tonight!!
thanks to I now know there are 50 people who are direct descendants of Stanley and Hazel Dahlman.
My pee smells like raspberries.
off from school.
it was rubbish.
x
I feel you forget me like I used to feel you breathe.
And I'll keep up with our old friends just to ask them how you are
Thanks for taking part in our conversation!
Greg!!
Been a big fan of yours over 10yrs since zenon!!
loved u in everwood, and still do in rookie blue..keep it up!!
great shoot yesterday as ADAM on the feature film PRIVACY.
New week...
great news  shoots coming up!
So thankful I didn't get like 300 mass texts this year
Yep, the much needed snow, true.
Northeast part of COS looks amazing, really beautiful!
Hornover: what one wakes up with the morning after a night of getting too horny without release.
mirasol displays are premised on principles of biomimicry  impossible without environmental stewardship.
Illy stick with the quickie, I'm strictly speed dating.
RT : Danny Coale, no matter what those officials said, you caught that ball U.S.
Sen.
Mark Warner
Peyton needs to find a team that needs a QB that is on the cuff of making playoffs...what about Denver?
It's a beautiful Monday in Chicago, and a great start to Thanksgiving week!
Hello and welcome to all our new followers, can't wait to chat!
I think Megan Fox is beautiful ...
;O
GOODMORNING TWEETS!
S/O 2 MY NEW FOLLOWERS
Great meeting reps from , , etc.
and dancing with everyone at opening party!
Cons: Tastes like it's name  a rock.
Blech!
Sounds like you would enjoy Boulder Bars as much as I enjoy red meat
Awesome!
We would need details regarding permits and applications.
We are very interested!
my ankle hurt
The NBA is canceling training camps  does that mean we can get some of the to come promote
depends on what you eat but typically no.
I love Thai food.
ok we can one day when we both dont work, my number is 9640298
Diving anywhere sounds good right now.
Full disclosure: I've only ever snorkled  in Tobago tho.
and yes, I am an asshole.
can't wait till Friday :
all this darkness going on outside is making my house dark too making me fucking sleepy.
I Want The Money, Money And The Cars, Cars And The Clothes, The Hoes I Suppose, I Just Wanna Be Successful..
k Mikey junior/Tyler junior
Im just saying u could do better
I Heard It Was Gay To Turn Down Pussy ?
: Umm Last Time I CHECKED I Aint Feindin' Over NO Chick, I Get It Enough To Deny It, Do You ?
Today is going to be a very busy...
Oh, wait, is already Monday!
How come?
how did you get the zebra to sit still for so long?
Callin it a game, smh Giants
Hey y'all!
Stop by FreshPond WholeFoods between 4  6 tomorrow to get some sweet deals from !
: Launching another DMB Cover video contest for May tomorrow.
This time, for a specific song.
needs in on this!
im coming home next week...lol!
S  M carpool
Heading back n the house now.....I love being around men who shoot straight from the hip.
WOW....not 2 many of them around.
It has been a great year for my band.
Alot of growth in musicianship and venues to play for....thank you to all the salsa lovers.
I ran this morning so I'm about to shower.
Maybe I can meet you there?
Which one?
Weeden  Derek Anderson
If you are getting married in 2011 you need heck out Madisons Wedding Showcase!
Follow them
Quietness Sucks 
I am very excited to continue on this journey with new family members.
I cannot wait to see what God has in store for us!
Thanks Dad!!
3
getting doctorssed.
summer jamz in a lil bit
30 for me.
Yeah, guess the hide your child's gender thing isn't a new phenom.
Wistful acoustic strummer covering Time of Your Life by the river taught me you can never graduate from the high school of your heart.
Best way to learn your new city?
run it!!
Easy run before tomorrows long run
Lol  you just sleep afterwards.
Simple.
Problem solved.
:
wait Thunder?
lmfao, he calls everyone nephew.
Hey Taylor!
Are you currently searching for an apartment in Chicago?
We're a free service and would love to help!
No more Egg!!!
have fun!
i'm jealous  that place, and the people, are magic!
just made my year brighter by rapping again, do your thing scotty
First five people to retweet this message receive two free tickets to opening day of Summerfest!!
when he begin taking birth control pills that's when I'll give a damn!
Follow these great tweeps and you'll love them
Nice joke on Ustream, what u gonna be for Halloween
Playing golf with a person is great because you get four hours with them which can be more beneficial than a 30 minute business meeting
the addoctorss is on our Facebook page, in the event.
There is a small venue that they named the Hoosier dome.
Idk y its named that
Hi thanks for the follow!
Have a great weekend.
Thanks, Doug.
We'll have to check out Bandwagon  thanks for the tip!
hey its jay from pretty girl swag lol hi efe
Well, That Looked Familiar Just like in last year's regularseason finale, the Yankees couldn't hang on against the Rays in their opener.
The audio ads in Spotify pause when I mute my computer.
Pretty sure NASA is behind this.
holy shot if you do that idk how I will even manage bahaha
BECAUSE IT'S PERFECT AND YOU HAVE ZERO FAT
I got a new Kitten :D
wishes your family a very merry day today!
Collecting flashlights isn't weird.
Sometimes I open a doctorwer and find a flashlight I totally forgot I had.
good job today nol
Good morning!
What kind of day will u have today?
Well, it's up to U!
NO ONE controls ur day...U do!
Whatever happens CHOOSE PMA !!
Even if it did we would send you another, Haha!
Isn't it weird how people talk shit about you, when the only thing they actually know about you is your name?
let everything play itsself out Imma love thanksgiving break this should be interesting
She said lets get going weve got time.
Loved this!!!
1922  the year Ezra Pound called Year One of a new era.
MandelaArt to feature a limited selection of Nelson Mandela signed prints on GILTLuxury brands at one time only prices.
Visit Gilt Aug 35
BlackStudies is transferred to job market 1.
in terms of selfpreservation for blacks in corporate America
most of the time.
I eat about 80 healthy and 20 what I want.
Lol talking nasty....
nawh I just speak my mind
yeah even tho i asked for 6 :...
When you are trying to get out of the aisle at the movies, and you have to pass by people, do you give them the nut or the butt?
I hope this game sets the tone for the entire weekend
CONGRATS ivy leaguer ; RT : Grades are out and I'm graduatinnnggg!
cartwheels down your TL
the sound of a doctorm..
better yet, the sound of a guitar 3
Me : Sophie you smell so good!
Sophie : Of course I do.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
Benjamin Disraeli
If it's worth tweeting, don't delete it!
It's not a hate crime, Jim!
I don't hate you for wearing a doctorss.
I hate you for ignoring your body type!
An empire waist?
You're all legs!
For?
lol But your welcome.
Everyone please follow for me?
They follow back 
Keenan is already going to owe me when the football season starts.
This bet would ruin our friendship.
stay thirsty my friend
your music ....
ILikeThatAlot :D
My cat, Abigail, recently turned 18.
Does this mean she is actually 9?
that's not that bad.
:
ThingsIwantTheMost a strong immune system!
I'm always sick 
Well....
That sucked.
When is opening day????
you are the luckiest person I've ever met, well saw on twitter.
lol.
I herd that place goes for 5000 for one weekend.
.
lol.
.
I don't know what text is on the vellum manuscript binder's waste.
Something in Latin about demons.
6 things off the todo list before lunch.
but lots more to do.
Got them awesome weekend plans lined up?
Our's are gonna involve some homegrown Austin tunes...how about you?
yeah I don't think tara is as excited as me...thats sad seeing as how I'm 18.
Proud to announce that my son Sebastian has made the Hollywood Hills 10 Year Old All Star team ...
Just got the call
For who ever is takin finals have fun fuckers ill be cookin while ur stressin out
Home my dad got lost we end up in east new york but then I found the way back home I saved our lives
Boss and sales manager filled me in on things and I can see why she has NO interest in training me or being nice etc :/
anyone from san diego up in this tree tonight?
I caint believe this shit mane.
I aint neva seen a church so pitiful in my life.
Wonders what it would be like to film some of dumber Facebook status updates would be like...
did you pass along my gratitude to Luke for me?
Laser Hair Removal: Underarms 50 per session!
Ah, that pleasant ding that tells me code successfully pushed to prod.
I can't wait!
Show TODAY at Times Square Arts Center at 3pm!
Offline.
Where has Zac Efron been my whole life?
x
SHEILA NM anyone?
Maybe will have to come up with a very fatty hummus plate...hm
Happy Birthday
thanks Miriam!
Next one is May 30th at Sullivan Hall in NYC
New to Long Island's youth: methamphetamine.
It's cheaper than heroin, and may be the next doctorg of choice for those unable to get opiates
My son, Paolo, was born at 6:34 pm today.
It was extremely tough but Heather made it through.
TheOffice premier tonight!
yes
Too blessed to be stressed.
Too blessed to be stressed.
Too blessed to be stressed.
Daytona State College will have all etextbooks next year.
Bell calls it blunt force approach
After a series of leaked prototypes, it's almost a given that Apple Inc.
will unveil a new version of the iPhone on Monday.
Ortiz need to knockdown Mayweather to win the fight.
Don't think he can win on decision.
Big bucks waiting between Mayweather  Pacquiao.
Hollie in the bottom 3 on AI???
That's crazy.
That was exciting
It's going to be so weird when I go to work and don't have to use the time as my personal study hall.
then why do you have one?
I know right?
It makes him feel hip.
Let him have his moment
you looking so good can't wait to see fight !
aw thanks girl!
It was such a pleasure!Did you read the letter that I gave you  Megan ?
i will Lay.
hahaha poor guy
Thinking bout going 2the movies tonight!!!!
Carroll: At a key procedural turning point in the criminal justice system, who makes the decision?
Rockies Moyer's single to left was 50th hit of his career and his first since May 2, 2010.
Off to the green mill
Cinnamon sugar toast m
Aww I hate when I put incorrect punctuation in my tweets!
boats n hoes
Check out what's going on here: www.facebook.com/collaterallive
the wedding doctorss that Victoria is wearing?
yes, that's what I want mine to look like!
love it!
Ive learned that people will forget what u said, people will forget what u did, but people will never forget how u made them feel.
M.A.
Day 3: Oakshire Brewing Peanuts  Beer.
Come taste Uncle Buds Deep Fried Peanuts while you enjoy a cold one.
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Friday!
Join us for lesson then the DANCE party  Tonight starting at 8pm1am 5entry
thanks for follow!
Will be happy to retweet your news!
dodiis2012 listening to NSA CTO CIA CIO, imho: use and preference for Open source software looks to be a done deal
When he tells u that u have big boobs and a nice but : hehe
: swear if you dont stop postin about the heat .
Llol
KODAK Gallery Is Ready for Mothers Day with Unique Gift Ideas
Ha.
Starlin going all Zambranoesque in the dugout!
Okay then...
we need to coordinate our calendars and sign up officially!
I wasnt there ;o
thanks!
have the best day :
Public history projects should engage and empower the community, not just students says professorKing of
Your beliefs don't make you a good person, your actions do.
One more weekjust do it!!
Thus the contract impasse.
Tough to put a value on such untraditional production
story of my life clothes, glasses, walls, car  I hear you!
how do options work
Actually bought new cd today.
I think she is going to forever be my favorite person ever.
Sore throat
Looking forward to seeing you all again this weekend!
Yesterday on the way to the bus.
sure!!
I won't be able to read it today, but I will tomorrow!
Corner unit of HarborPark still unoccupied....
I have lots, dm me your addoctorss.
It depends on the comp.
Usually its just roll out foam, if it's on a podium it's a little better.
But sometimes it's spring
you would just be high 24/7 on some foreign russian lsd.
Attn Douchebag on the MAX: Yes, we can hear the Eminem you're blaring they yr headphones.
No, we are not impressed.
ohh i love dem .
except i dont rlly know jordan loll
Bloggers!: Want to host a contest for tickets to ?
DM us!
PlansForSummer ...nights I can't remember with people I won't forget :
some odd ginger stranger just walked into the house.
I stay being late!
So, who are all these people?
That place is always a sure bet to be worth seeing.
lucky girl
wish you would notice me :/ 5
Samhan of : There is always the worry about ghettoizing  a danger of letting larger society off the hook.
Good Morning TwitFam!
Wow, great to hear from someone who did it.
I'm looking forward/doctorading it.
It looks challenging, but also well needed.
This is your best reality show, it is truly reality, get to know the real you:
Omg rachel is messiing up OMG
that would be awesome if she could just run around the bar!
I sent you some but I was fucked up in some of them: Ohh well
What did one saggy tit say to the other saggy tit?
If we don't get some support soon, people will think we're nuts!
doh.
: A database issue is causing a high error rate across all pages.
Were working quickly to restore performance.
Correction: someone tried to steal our van and left it undoctorveable.
reallysad trying to figure out how to get to now...
That awkward moment when you think you see and hug him like a child who's meet his mother for the first time, and it isn't him
go watch Buckaroo Banzai
hey can u please follow me please
How do you get offended?
What does that mean?
I am going to tweet my head tonight.
Follow Me PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE??
Agree; streaming is almost worthless today unless your son loves Thomas the Tank Engine.
Still seems likeliest impetus.
Thanks for the RT, Beth!
We love that quote as well!
:
Thanks for all the Kings love in your predictions!
I think were a year away, but the love is much appreciated!!!
mentioned Obama  Romney both have polygamist grandfathers, what does this mean for political climate for women?
Robyn is kinda like if Anne from Arrested Development took some jazz dance classes and was in a popular 80s cover band.
RIP MCA
Thanks!
Keep reading for similar posts about endangered languages and threatened heritage sites.
Hope you enjoy!
Most painful shot ever
I wasn't that doctornk, Dude, you threw bread at me and yelled, 'DON'T STARVE, KATNISS!
' 
renaming every room after famous Milwaukeeans.
which room should be the Christopher Latham Sholes Typewriter room?
S/o to youngNfly nice meeting you.
LeisureStylist ;
Seahawks bringing the
HAPPPPPYYYY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
your finally 13!!!!
Love you soo much from me and
YouBelieveHavoc if you think reality shows are real
DM me.
I'm happy to send you one.
dude, yer awesome.
When are you coming back north?
Hope yer good!
some consider him still.
I have yet to see any improvement though
goodmorning single lady:
hahaha.
Yup.
Sure do!
you just ask Stew to marry you.
Is looking for a developer to work on developing an animated childoctorn's Book app.
Fascinating!
How much per ounce for that gold?
11 years ago this morning I called What are you doing tonight?
I guess I'm going to dinner with you!
Happy Anniversary!
You mean asians?
Nah I think those are a myth.
I wonder if the clothes in China say, 'Made around the corner.'
Join us tomorrow at the to celebrate Underwater Parks Day.
Learn more about the new marine protected areas in
please if u follow me u made my doctoram
Rudy spose to hit conley in the corner!
Who wants to learn some super hot salsa moves?
Oh yeah  is teaching tonight at La Fogata 8pm
People who live in larger cities are more connected.
More friends, strangers  stay connected in other cities.
Went 2a hot breakfast spotthey were out of pancakes?
Thats not ok!?
Um, there should be a sign on the door!
Is Starbucks out of coffee 2??
Dinner will be a beer and all the okra pickles because I'm playing a shitty vegan for the night.
Why Linux is a desktop flop
Ohh!
How'd that go?:
Can't wait till I have an apartment, can it be now?
In other gordon cup news.
Delbarton wins over Mo beard 105.
Delby put on a shooting clinic out there!
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 31
I have a whole tip sheet I send people now.
Will send!
So pleased with the warm reception we've received on Twitter thus far!
if you were a fan of Roy and Dale we'd love to hear from you!
finally home !
doing homework and going to sleep.
long, but amazing, weekend with my love.
, hope your sleeping well.
Sofia Vergara is in literally every commercial
Who let Vinny Del Negro coach the Hawks right there?
Thanks again to all  esp.
Nora.
Always such a treat.
It looks like blocked it because of copyrights
Take better care of your temple.
Prophet says no caffeine.
WE nEED U!
well no!
We ALL need to get togetha!
Don't be tryna have a gathering w/o me!!
Lol
lol here but not in a red hoodie
J FUCKING COLE
IE Wanderlust Typical for Jen Anniston movie.
Guess Spring Training can get dull BUT aint there any topless bars in Ft Meyers
UDSIS 9.0 is up and running!
Please contact IT Help Desk at x.
6000 with any login or access issues.
That reminds me.
I think a comedy show about an internet startup could be pretty good.
Still waiting for NBC or HBO to call me.
I cant describe how much of a fan i am n 140 characters but i have mad 3 4 wat u have done n who u have became FOLLOW ME 3
Yeah it's on.
I don't like Pitino, but have loved Cardinal Bball for years.
Worse is that I'm a big Buckeye football fan.
What did you think of last nights game?
Ya that really topped the night off well.
Beef?
Chicken?
Seafood?
Blub?
Be true to yourself Amanda don't let hating bitch get you down
they have both, but the one I videoed is solely Choctaw.
It doesn't translate well into English.
check out the Parish Market!
we have loads of wonderful Southern goods, like homemade root beer ice cream and local honey.
I swear my school piss me off
Never mind.
Follow and look for us we takin over Va get with it
I can change my direction.
I know I can.
Just not sure which way to point.
having an inseam shorter than the 3rd John.
Outofwhack sleep habits can cause diabetes  DiabetesNews
I really hope someone starts calling Mitt's acolytes Romulans soon.
happy sweet sixteen
Let's get another
I'm in Cherokee, NC at a small rally.
Just another rape the biker week!
It's no wonder the rally is going the way of the phonograph.
you are the reason why i am here..:
RT : The wealthiest 400 people in America own more wealth than the bottom 150 million Americans.
is rolling his eyes about kittykins and the box.
But he also had delicious pancakes, so we're all winning tonight.
Watching Mari Smith
We're at 228 fans...
let's see if we can bump that number to 300 by the weekend.
Tell your friends about us!
Nothing is more painful than realizing he meant everything to you, but you meant nothing to him
don't beg me to talk to you..
if i want to talk to you, i'll talk to you.
is now in FULL SUPPORT of gay marriage!!
Theres always one song..
that fits the situation a little too perfectly.
check out They Rock!
In an office looking onto North Park Blocks I've seen lot of crazy stuff.
Seeing a homeless family there now might be the most heartbreaking
Thanks for the follow!
Holy God, help us to know your ways; teach us your paths.
Lead us in your truth, and teach us, for you are the God of our joy and wholeness
What would you know about microhouse?
said the brave little fox.
Congratulations, Lindsay Rodkey!
You won a free race entry for our 2012 MTB series.
Look for an email w/ details!
:
This is the season for blessings, prosperity and abundance.
This is your season for abundance.
FSU can't win the ACC.
Good luck with UT/OU/OSU.
Have fun paying the ACC exit fees.
WORLD EXCLUSIVE!
Kristin Meise in her first and only interview since her best friend Ashley Falk committed suicide.
BTR 10pm/CT.
Tuesday
Is Walmart really playing my favorite song EVER?!??!
Great Saturday..good food, wine and family.
I can't imagine that's actually getting them more volunteers, but who knows..
ROAD TO THE CUP JUST TOOK A DETOUR
1st thought: 1 get caught up 2 get caught up 3 get caught up.
Yes, I see the problem/pattern here!
Have to reframe  simplify!
love u 2 Camen but u still need 2 text me.
Debating is heating up at OPrint over the purpose of journalism and how Twitter plays into the promotion of false info
Welcome Spring!
Enjoy iced green tea or lattes on our outdoor patio  enjoy the sunshine.
RT RT : Genuine forgiveness doctorws us right into the heart of divine life.
Marjorie J.
Thompson
Be like Bit u got a fucing problom haha
Yeah....
this was me.
Beware coworkers : RT OH: I'm already wireframing!
We're making shit happen.
Get your shit together, :
Main event time.
doctorke Younger vs.
Jimmy Jacobs in a deathmatch.
I advise you.
Don't mess with me...I know karate, Kung fu, Judo, Tae Kwon Do, Jujitsu, and 28 other dangerous words.
Off to photo shoot then practice then promote, promote, promote in this great city of Chicago!...tweet!
on stage receiving distinguished UW fellow award.
we should make some more of that stuff
How about this one?
Unscramble!
SAAFLISSCITNOIC
Piercings on guys other than their ears 
Haha, if I hear that song one more time....
Have fun at the beach!
What book are you hoping to read?
Most kind of you to mention me today.
Much gratitude.
what's up doctor
What if I didnt?
Your Vigilant Pipe Man bowl has shipped USPS priority mail and will arrive Saturday.
Happy Toking!
hcmmconf I curate if you guys didn't know
Also, congrats to Demi Lovato who also is the new judge on The X Factor; miss our hanging times.
Hope you enjoy this new journey 3 Xo 
Happy Thursday Coopsters!
Where will you be eating your corned beef on St.
Patty's Day?
I always go for the taco but that sandwich looks delicious.
Long ass day ever...
but I have to admit I did have fun!
Citizens spying on the state?
Orwell had it backwards.
Beaumont kroger is still open in fayette county...
are there any other businesses open?
Should all businesses be closed?
Ok Girls do you really gotta send a nigga a naked picture .
knowing there TUMBLR , INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, TWITTER.
BITCH THINK !
You know what will happen when he's gone.
Screw every promise she's made you, She'll just disappear.
All cause of him.
Just really started using instagram follow me 
R.I.P TO THE THREE YEAR OLD
yeessss.
we are such fails.
Not famous yet, but I am determined to make it into the music business
Please send it to me when You're finish.!
loudest Carver crowd you have experienced last night?
your friend is a liar
Poor Steelers....poor steelers
I wanted to call and tell you happymommysday but I remembered heaven doesn't have a phone.
Iloveyou  imissyou!
ripGrandmaandAuntie 3
Fantastic, inspiring presentation!
: Pam SandlianSmith Anythink keynote
Just got back into the office from a full morning of meetings in Tijuana.
Amazing how much Tijuana grows every day.
New York and New Yorkers are just better at everything RT : Niners party turned sob fest.
Awful.
Inception's gonna rock!!!
WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community
I knew this type of life didn't come with instructions
np chokehold really loud with the window open.
you're welcome, neighbors.
What a great Christmas I ate lots of Tamales, Psole and lots of treats.
I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas.
Celeste from Toronto says I can afford anything I set my mind to!
hey, I like that hunny!!
just bring some clothes and stuff.
Question of the day: What is the value of being on the first page of Google for your business?
Oreo Ice Cream3 ahh something to calm me down
Yes, Hermione, I think this is gonna be exactly like real wizards chess!Ron Love me some Harry Potter movies!
yeahh haha but it'd be awesome to have tons of posters for them there, glad you're going!!
:D
Goldberg: reading testimonial play that represents the noise of trauma
While you're on vacation, do you set the alarm to wake up or do you let yourself sleep late?
thanks for showing victim photos of the U of MD Riots Im sure dinner will taste just as good tomorrow when I get my appetite back
Wait, who is this guy???
I am not u.
U r not me.
Don't try to walk n my shoes.
Don't tempt to b me.
U cannot survive A lifetime of wut I've been thru.
SURVIVORMAN.
Maybe I should run like every other person in college station is doing right now.
2 fan!
remember that time you were gushing over Ovechkin's ability not to get called for icing?
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
5
I don't know why I'm just seeing this now, but thx!
Lol!
Really getting into the Rhapsody Music site, anyone else gravitating to these kinds of listening services?
I have sent email as per your suggestion.
Thank you.
The experience has been awful.
Is that the actual Memorial day?
Hi Jason!
Thanks for the RT!!
Okay, seriously Foo Fighters sounds like a next type food dishat a restaurant.
I'm mad they even thought of a name like that.
.
I started takecaretuesday as a weekly reminder to make/renew commitments to yourself.
Lots of ways to put yourself first.
Just another one of those days plucking around.
Thanks!
I will check it out.
Going to put in my two weeks notice at work...why do I always get so nervous?!?
I never said that Rand Paul had my son's blood on his hands.
Paul stalled Hr 1254 in 12/11.
Max died in 6/11.
However
A lion wouldn't cheat, but a tiger wood
Bronson: The best of my recollection is I put the wine glass in the kitchen...and crawled into bed at about 7 p.m.
Ellen8Million I LOVE ELLEN!
i bet he left w/ his bros already.
.
Motherinlaw: I baked two kinds of cookies today.
Would you like to takeyour pick?Soninlaw: No thanks.
I'll just use the hammer.
Good morning Europe.
Follow Us to get best poker freerolls bonus codes
Build just enough to test your hypothesis then let data guide your intuition
V.
Curious  this MT is talking  citizen history  how social m helps expand edu impact of museums
MY right hand : I miss you.
...
heading out to see a performance of The Misanthrope by Moliere.
happy to you!
amazing!
Can't wait to try it.
Those are the best kinds of vacations!
Have fun!
Every one make sure y'all become a fan on the Facebook Faytal The Franchise
Today is a m'kay kind of day...
You fugg with me, i fugg you wayy harder
Most Christians forget to turn the other cheek., just because someone isn't religious, doesn't mean they don't believe in God.
Wrestling with a transition: incumbent material winds down nicely, but isn't leaving enough substance to initiate the next thing seamlessly.
YOURE A WHORE!
; and goodnight!
i love you!
and figure out that chem problem :
17 hippies pretty decent painting tunes this am following a mozart opera is an abrupt change.
Line is out the door at the Man, that sushi movie is popular.
Ones who won it 3 times  Wilt, Russell, Moses Malone, Bird, Magic, Kareem, MJ, LBJ
For anyone who is interested we have huge discounts for anyone who wants to help spread the Moirai word.
Details soon!
Follow to stay up to date on this year's Youth Day events in Baltimore.
cc
Have any of you seen the movie 50/50?
This is bad and you should feel bad!
;
When People Take Things Up The Ass .
Right !
Notice we said, 'stop and look up in historical bldgs.' If you look up while walking, that might not go well :
Thanks Sierra Club.
Gov.
still testifying
fucking awesome.
used to do that ages ago.
In class writing lyrics.
What's everyone up to!
Currently doing squats while tweeting this in gym class!
Torture!!!
Where in ABQ is the best place to buy your green chile?
My panicked puppy woke me when the thunder started.
Now I can't go back to sleep!
I'll entertain such enthusiasm tonight.
I was fond of Messier.
How have you been Robbie?
It looks like business is going great for you guys!
Adam
oh.
Well thanks for caring about me.
My eyes are so bloodshot, but i cant go to sleep :
Happy Friday peeps....homemade pizza and cold brew to finish off the week!
Nominations for Reaching Forward awards are due March 31.
Winners receive FREE registration for ILA or Reaching Forward....
When you don't have a plan with your finances you are making mistakes which will lead you to disaster.
mane nun thuggny
been at the pub so will not do the math.
Minus Huntsman, 100 of Repub candidates are foreign policy idiots!
I do enjoy cooking, especially when I have someone who enjoys eating, lol!
u look fresh to death on the voice.
I love your style, and that WATCH.......
Man I wanna go to PassionandPoetry !
Hope you like Tweet Deck!
Neighbor lady gave me tix to the Rooster Day Rodeo.
Never been to a rodeo.
Might have to check it out!
Still waiting....
What hurts more  physical or emotional pain?
Cook  Brown for dinner.
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS!
l
I really, really, really hate working out!
RT : despite age difference; wondering if Hawk  Sherman White ever squared off?
WHOA!
Look out!
Slash, how ya doin, homegirl?
Treat it as candy instead of gum RT : Fruit Stripes gum is the best gum in the world....for 2.3 seconds.
oh hold up, there is a hot track that has emerged.
It has been said that they hold the event and can either make or break the event.
You know what I miss about winter?
It's always the greatest excuse to cuddle
Oh!
Ack!
Then it's time for .
.
.
chocolate!
xx
poor , not included lol
Wherein I pretend to be Rachel Maddow: bestnewthing in the world today isn't new,  it's often the best thing,  no surprise, it's coffee.
best part about this episode is your headline.
Ludacris is a weirdo
what you doing!
What a great day in Kansas City
haha that'll be the reason later!
ireallywant to get my hands around the neck of those who take advantage of trust and bully their way to professort from it all.
Good morning lajolla sandiego!
A run this morning proves this is the city for animal lovers.
Happy doggies everywhere :
WINS against 305 to make the USA D1 National Final Four!
CONGRATS Metro Men!!
Discussing possible rule changes to help curb the NFL concussion problem.
2488481130.
: thats gud to hear you just made my day I've missed you too
My decisions around what to have for dinner revolve around whether to put on pants to answer the door for delivery.
Ryan Clowe with the empty netter seals the deal!
Only the 2nd 5goal game since Feb 16th for the
I invite my fellow citizens ..
to set apart and observe the last Thursday of November .
as a day of thanksgiving and praise to ..
our Father
: u performing somewhere tonight?
no just practicing.
I will be performing the 25th at Vintage with
applying for a predevelopment grant
right there!
points hoof
I just got a new staple gun and have been using it all over my room
sounds cool
At the prom....wonder if all the adults should show these kids how it's really done.....
Lol cuz I wanted to be on bus 3 and I don't know anybody that's on bus 4 besides you
to do what in downtown?
lol
Food is the mission.
haha hell yes!
Teaching about environmental problems leading to climate change, starting a section on pollution, any resources out there?
wasn't convinced that community management doesn't work  sorry

Single Taken Secretly dating Christian Beadles but he doesn't know about it!
Muaahah!
Today on the bus: a sleeping clown in full outfit.
Even though you've been following me on twitter I wanted to thank you again for doing it!
Gotta start lab report no more distractions
Man Im here in LA,  I saw alot of people sporting UT Austin wear.
Theres something about a girl in burnt orange :
don't be mean danielle...
some people can't help it
First call to purchase a 5000 table for The Salvation Army luncheon gets an autographed Cavs Jersey Call Kristi at6237449
also I'm moving to Sonjas place next month.
She has an extra room and said if i ever visit you she's coming with
Imagine u just met yet he tells you to stay backstage and after asks you out on a date because he believes your his doctoram.
3
Chargers Win!!!
Sweet.
THANK YOU EMANUEL TORTORICI FOR JOINING THE SKULK!!!
3
are you hanging out with wedding planner extraordinaire David Caruso?
WOW.
Glad for your input but DO NOT AGREE
re: Companies that are financially successful tend to be those that make the biggest impact.
What type of impact?
Sounds cute!
I'd love to see a pic!
good to hear you're getting back on the wagon.
We'll always be here, even when you fall off!
thats the day I'm waiting for haha
Merry Christmas everyone!?
Fashion Trends, Ethernet Storage and Network Convergence in the ...
Angels of Transparency message: It is important for you to know the 5th Dimension is there, ready to welcome you all
My little girl who's 6yrs is telling me about her trip to Whitewater last night.
The Greek yardshow daddy was great.
100 crunches will make you lose .4 lbs
Present for intern's first use of a microspatula.
Yesterday was a sweet day indeed.
Best TV show?
Brad Meltzer's Decoded of course!
Good luck!
I am curious in whose lobby you are waiting.
love how my 1st period teacher is still going strong with teaching and all my other classes are like whatevs.
ha
Me and the boys been snuggled in the house allday today omg we need snow so I don't have to work Monday
Where are your favorite DC doctornking spots?
Let us know
5200 with only 11k back I rip 28k they both fold.
Thanks for being so awesome to appreciate Burn Notice.
You are just a super swell dude.
:D
Once you have feelings for someone, it will always be there.
You may not like them anymore, but you still care....
is the perfect way to get this foggy Friday started.
Thanks, !
:D Let us know what you think!
There are some anniversaries you just don't want to celebrate.
:
i just wanna say i love you and i like your awkwardness
trying to find a couple other excuses to get out there, trust me if I was close enough I wouldn't have missed
Read 'Rumsfeld torture suit a go' and thought 'Donald Rumsfeld designed a suit that tortures people?'
Good morning to vegmoms !
Hey, hey, good lookin', whatcha got cookin'?
How's about cookin' somethin' up with me?
Right now is on
what about elyasova?
Just hit 110,030 votes for Favorite New Country Band November 2010!
Happy Birthday Kyu!
:
And flipflops!
RT : It's going to be 50 out today!
Does that mean it's okay to wear shorts?
I think there's this sort of shame culture surrounding admitting that...
Take it from me adam richman is a better pick me up than dark chocolate I love his messages
Some people are just so rude!
Shut up?
Who are you to talk to someone like that?
growup!
If you are at Consol we commend you...so proud to be in this city right now
Next week :D
Filming.
Filming.
Filming.
Done by tonight and uploaded.
If Zoe attracts 1/5 of your family's musical genius, it'll be worth it.
;
Thank you for the RTs  mentions!
Have a wonderful weekend!!!
No apologies!
RT : I want to thank everyone for making those past 4 years unbelievable.
Sry we didn't win the big one.
They need someone to light a fire in them.
Some of them just look like they're just going thru the motions.
complete!
Party time
These college commercials are cheesier than Doritos
Thanks.
Same here.
But I'm struggling gettn up at 4:30am.
Can't wait for him to get his license.
The Boys played very well.
IN 24 HOURS AND AND I WILL BE WAITING OUTSIDE OF THE FOX THEATER FOR !!!!!
3
fostermoms have a wonderful day and thank you
Goals for the new year meet and and get them to be my new best friends i doubt it will happen but a girl can doctoram
Plus, very exciting to me that students and professorssors are discussing ways to be more transparent in archival practices.
More studies!
Honestly folks, you don't have 2 tweet every damnfool thing that comes into your head  especially B4 the body's cold.
Ah needs an graphic depiction of suicide warning label for things like Rules of Attraction.
If you stop by Fenway ask some one who works in the player parking garage, they'll be sure to know!
radio edit/street version/instrumental/ acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.check your gmail inbox
hahaha!
It is the world's best kept secret!
The icecream there...also incredible!!!
that may because at one point you didn't have an option is was automatically added
threads thursday: wearing
TONIGHT  TECHNOLOGY with guest DJ's Justin George, Lou JonSon, Matthew Filth  Zim along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!
You deserve your own hashtag
quick resolve, much appreciated.
thanks for the awesome support.
why arent you allowed to shop there?
Andoctor Grace ideaseconomy : building a teardown city in the desert every year.
Failure critical component of innovation...
If I knew it I would : Lol ...
Call that marco polo brah
Favorite part of the avengers...
When the Hulk did T Hawk ultra 2 on Loki
dont listen to them.
You are NOT ugly!

I'm watchin' y'all!
I don't back down from challenges!!!

THANKS!!
We need to talk again 
About to be inducted into the Honor Society :
The promotion site on my professorle can help your promote yourself 4 free.
: Please follow i will follow back!
hey Lucas, that really u?
Please!
follow my best friend I followed you back!
please follow:
I didn't think that game would ever end lol.
That was grueling.
it's ight bro and thanks !
I know, all that work.
Gone.
I'm going to have to copy my posts before I hit any buttons from now on...
are we still on for day 3 dinner?
what are we making?
Following  crazy social experiement  free coffee!?
yes, please!
pumpkin, ghost creek
1 shift to go then it's birthday celebration time!!
Can't believe I'm turning the big 24 tomorrow.
30 images from the Dave Niehaus Memorial at Safeco Field last year on the way throughout the day!
; ima hit u up weneva i get home today
First day of Literacy Tutor Training for June went great and we are excited to have new volunteers come through orientation today!
I cannot wait to see the new Marist renovations materialize.
because i have the ugliest smile ever no no no
lol right!?
Ughh...I want a sexy boss...one who isn't married or attached lol...sent the story...can't nap, must go to class 0o
it will be 'vintage' by opening day next year.
Had a blast at Linda Perry's recording studio last night for the An Evening With Women Kickoff!
United with powerful men and women and look
Good morning!
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Robert Collier
Used your TaxiMagic app yet?
Set it up and you can book your cab, follow its progress and pay all in one!
Get it today!
www.broadwaycab.com
same here.
Always good seeing you.
lets follow for follow.
Life's most persistent  urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?' Martin Luther King, Jr.
trying so hard When no one cares the trouble you went through to fit in
IWD Kickbutt women , artistic director, and , financial director, founded Glade and run the collective every day!
you know,about the wrist and yeah...
Nice to know you are an asshole...welcome to my blocked list douchebag.
dm me your number!
A beautiful day in Chicago the beaches are packed, my laundoctor is in, Im debating between checked and carry on, headed to Philly in a bit YAY
no.
i'll go see you though!
RT : All five of Anthony Collins' assists Friday came in 5min span of second half as USF extended lead on Temple from 3 to 14 pts
what color?
welcome to twitter!
Writing new material for my Praise and Worship CD.
Jus wanna go home
Press on!
A better fate awaits thee.
Victor Hugo
so than it makes perfect sense I am at the soundboard
Aw thanks so much!
:
I better be invited!
lol
thanks so much dude...
Hell yeah Mexico City!
i love that your blog has a permanent page with a picture of julie andoctorws on it.
this is probably why we're friends.
RT im about to contact fox 2 i have story I want you to do the report
There are more things in heaven and earth...
than are doctoramt of in your philosophy.
'Hamlet', William Shakespeare 
I want coffee scented perfume.
thewalkingdead Filming for Season 3 starts in May.
And there will be a midseason break in winter.
Thanks
Tomorrow, Masterclass at La Roche College in Pittsburgh!
I got to watch Ryan Gosling, got to watch a 73' Malibu.
Good movie.
It was great!
We were glad to participate.
Peter DeFazio on the committee, as well.
Should make for some interesting fireworks with Beutler.
Okay but forreal, goodnight.
Its not like a cold or something...
I might have bulimia.
D:
NO I'll give u something better.
Big thanks to the lads  cat of pipeworks.
Videogames, beer, 2way mirrors, a stair master and an inspiring story.
When you ride the Alaska Railroad, make sure you .
Do any white people actually go to CSU?
I've left something in every town I've stayed; but as the fog begins to recede; I realized it's nothing that I need
A lil birdie told me I may see you on the 24th?
Please tell me this is true :
Sounds fine to me.
Get ready!
Our Summer S.T.U.F.F.
contest is coming up and there will be many chances to win lots of great prizes.
Details coming soon!
Starting off the week in PT is about as enjoyable as starting off the week at the dentist.
Guy who just walked into Starbucks with boxed wine, you are a douche bag.
Who gotta phone they dont want
I already can't wait for next year's basketball season
If I Follow You Follow Me Back That Simple  BAM!!!!
Exactly!
And  cheers!!
so true I always think that but than I'm like nah that's a one in a million chance
FF the wise seem absurd these days.
agree with both of you.
Like Brockers.
Tremendous 2 down player.
Limited pass rushing skills.
lol RT : Is Rihanna giving herself a pap smear right now?
I'll be at the Martini, holla.
: ha ha ha ha ha bang oooppppp
Gosh I'd love to watch the on TNT.
Come on no one wants to watch this game...
No LBJ, Wade.
C'mon man.
Congratulations to all ASTD2012 Awards winners and especially to the wonderful !
: I smoked a box of blunts for breakfast!
not the thing I want see from any young person.
A BOX!!!
Not Good.
2nd Call Me, Maybe.
People who moved to Oregon in 1860 were pioneers even though Lewis and Clark got there a halfcentury earlier.
Reason 68588  you have a hole in your face now.
LOL
FollowBack Photographer  Graphic Designer  Video Director
I'm in a StoneTemplePilots kind of mine!!!
Yeaahhhhh, let's rooocccckkkk it out!!
Contracts Admin.
Ft.
Laud.
Strong understanding of lease documentation, interim funding, and perm.
syndication.
Exp.
doctorfting lease docs.
h

Ha, thanks!
I wouldn't order from the same co.
Ink is coming off.
Thinking etched next time...
a new adventure everyday!
aatc keynote with Stephen Gold talking about Next generation of computing.
there the sweets guys ever.
There hugs are the best.
Idk how many I got.
Hard for me to say, but I think not.
When I took a web job in '96, I had same issue as bloggers have now.
It's not real media
You're welcome Cara  have a great weekend!
3!
I'm wearing 80 tomorrow!
RT : Looking forward 2 doctorver holding up that trophy to the fans just like Reggie White did in '97
Your Spirit Is Too Busy On Everyday Tasks While Your Awake, But When You Sleep You doctoram Of All You Wish To Accomplish While You're Awake
Conservatives resort to lame arguments about gay marriage on religious grounds b/c there is no constitutional one to ban gay marriage.
i just sent you the email:
Listening to step by KARA
Busy weekend!!!
game tonight, tomorrow, game again Sunday!
Hope to see slide down a few times!
RT : Man it's epic outside y'all ..
How you use epic out of all words?
Lol ni just like using the word epic lol
how you like your eggs fried or fertilized
That's good!!
Have a blessed and enjoyable weekend!!!
My girls just wrapped a cinnamon donut hole in a piece of ham.
So proud.
Only selfconfident people can be simple.
If you can't be simple, you can't be fast.
If you can't be fast, you're dead in a global world.
As a hockey fan, I am proud of what Portland accomplished dont hang your head.
You are loved
Oh people, don't miss the Field Museum exhibit Whales: Giants Of The Deep!
January 16 is the LAST day.
cnt wait for this tour whoop whoop Love ya!!
3
Deleting twitter since I don't tweet much.
But go friend me on Facebook Ashley renee martin.
But go figure, she competed in a swim suit competition and she is absolutely fit and gorgeous!
BillBrady is crazier than a badger with bedbugs in its beard!
Concede!
So we can get greased up for the mayoral election!
Ol' Floppy 2011!
True.
My rooting is way off.
At least I limit it to one tweet here and there...NOT 1,432 A NIGHT ABOUT MY LOVE FOR LEBRON!
Never count on making a good sale.
Have the purchase price be so attractive that even a mediocre sale gives good resultsWarren Buffett
Thank you to the Sacramento Natural Food Coop for an amazing Staff Party yesterday at the Blue Cue!
We hope that you all had a great time.
Welcome new members
Yes, I can understand that for sure!
; I'm sending a DM in a min!
5 more mins till I can doctornk the weekend away
thanks never going to look at pandas the same way again
Nice to be back in touch with my
I need a really tall man in my life
omg runners!!
Whenever you want, maybe some challah bread from market?
We need volunteers/mentors for our programs, espec.
for Newark BRIDGES.
If you'd like to volunteer, call 9736249535x124.
Spread the word!
Seems like it.
Happy International Women's Day to all women!!
And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be, if you just let it  Lauryn Hill
Loving this episode already!
When is the wedding?
still activating dignity
ok then ;P
Hahaa whiplash RT : Wolverine : This is disgusting ..
Niggas was holding his neck, screaming in pain 2 mins ago.
don't forget to visit www.threeapparel.com today!
Who knows now days?!
The term needs to get lost, the days of 9to5 are over.
Totally agree!
No problem.
Shout out to my man Andoctorw Kryzak.
Follow our 5/16 Social Media Breakfast Sponsors
I got an A on my test!!!
Anybody happy for me???
Thanks Geoff.
I expect disagreement.
That's ok.
it's people who completely close their minds which cause the most concern.
thx
RT : Check out this great article about in the premiere issue of !
Gee, I'm the only one tweeting from the Digital Middle Ages conference.
Imagine that!
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
their spring seasonal sample.
It's pretty awesome
put a picture of meir your phone!
Real friends don't talk bad about you behind your back.
official Project after party Tues Feb 14th you better bring the whole crew its going to be AMAZING
Packers schedule has 12 wins screaming all over it..
I've not listened to her before, I will definitely check her out.
I fawn over a fantastic narrator, that's for sure.
My crackup at this typo freaked out my subway car.
Sorry.
RT Former NC Sen.
John Edwards has lifethreatening hard condition.
Yay for straight As in grad school!
walking tacos are great!
Prob shouldn't eat them on the reg, but worth a try at least once if you've never had one!
Phone with while he cusses at his xbox..
3
I want to go to the beach.
today.
Chicago entrepreneurial scene coming on strong!
with a nice mention.
Thanks for the mention!
me and TheKids are about to get it in
RT Iamazing tellingproject Baltimore.
My friends' stories never fail to move me.
I love you motr
hahaha...
Are you kidding?
I hear they're serving spaetzl in heaven.
Awesome...
He just tried to jump back up.
Epic fail.
Probably would've made it if he had all four legs.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:2
here I go sidebusting from left field.
those writers, its their opinion.
stats don't lie.
check it
Happy Birthday Erica.
Hope you have a great day and feel better.
I love the fire you bring with your tweets.
Good night.
that sounds exciting!!
Thinking he needs a bathroom book of quotes RT : if u are part of my family, I will love u violently  Charlie sheen Lmao
Roaring fire in the fire place
31k after many ups and downs, I am running like complete crap
now following back
We knew you'd do it!
RT : 51237, validated  official!
I AM A WINNER.
HOLY COW, I CAN'T BELIEVE I ACTUALLY PULLED THIS OFF.
I LOVE dancing w the stars!
Thank YOU!
It is always my pleasure.
Stop back and see me soon.
www.FlapperGirlSings.com
Society has cats way too afraid to be themselves.
It's an external stimulant causing internal change, and most ppl don't recognize it.
when iam i going to stop doing this to myself
Forget u seens kind hard to do it BUT stop having feelings for u...it's possible and i know that cuz i already did it...;
Times going by so slow!
Wth school needs to end !
Clap your hands, all peoples!
Shout to God with loud songs of joy!
Psalms 47:1
Congrats to Buck Showalter on 1000.
That's pretty incredible!
You probably don't get what I'm meaning do you?
Hi there, I'm new to running and I could use some tips can you help me out?
Please and thank you!
P.S.
any good running songs?
No matter what time of day I pass them mightyTaco in Henrietta has a line out the door.
Werk!!
sitting with a babypink wig at easter dinner
Hi Anna!
That's very funny!
Nice of you to say Hi!
When temps go way up,nerves get frayed,arguements escalatebad things happen.Alot of times its innocent bystander tht pays price.smh
Watching Duck Dynasty, new show on AE.
If you're a crazy duck hunter, like me, try it.
ISA event website updated wrapoff2009.com
That day you decide to get up early, but stay up half the night texting.
You go to bed, then your alarm clock yells at you a minute later :
Happy Birthday To Me
Dani Lowe is an indie actress starring in the film, PSYCHO KILLER BLOODBATH , which won Best Horror Film Feature at AOF International Fest.
..HARDWORK BEATS TALENT WHEN TALENT DOESN'T WORK HARD REALSHIT
About to kick butt
iThinkofyou when other people tell me that they are in love
How you give up back to back hits to Ryan Roberts and Miley Cyrus?
I'm horrible about regularly checking blogs, but always try to if I catch a link in a tweet.
I need good RSS feed I guess.
:
: My tutor gt into a car accident.
Say bye bye to A1.
:
Though research shows consumers that are FB likes are much more likely to buy a product, make recommendations to friends.
Only a few hours left!
Email us to win a copy of The Freshman Survival Guide!
The woman outside , pretending the little boy who spilled coffee all over her wasn't her kid?
Yeah, that was me.
doctornk Water To Lose Weight  H  zaxxaa   udn
It's ok, I don't really expect a mildcat to understand how to use a computer/ smart phone
Spice girls  woodchucks.
Hello.
There Goes My Hero.
Off to Orlando tomorrow, for some fire!
That looks great!
I'm still new to Seattle, where is that?
Come on girl, you've got one shot to be with me You know you doctorve me crazy, But I know how to take your breath away so lets go
Do you want to be TWITTER OF THE DAY?
I'd hate to have to replace all my wonderful Nikon lenses.
:/ RT: Just wait for the 7D Mkii for a camera to beat out the 7D ;
Nope.
Also, no nudity in this one.
Jamba for breakfast lunch and dinner.
Literally.
Diet is very important for a sharp mind, staying focused, and prolonging life to enjoy success
I love Reggie's medallion!
Haha!

the doctor and the restroom requires you to enter a code to get in...really?
You need that kind of security for a bathroom??
nothin' like a texas girl.
lol, can't do much verbal chitchat so Twitter is my outlet : they gave me some scripts but I'm sticking w ibuprofessorn 4 now
Free for All Friday at 3:00 ET with Scott  Cheryl and doctor Jeff!
What are they up to this time???
Can't believe it's summertime!!!
Solid picks for the Colts tonight!
this is awesome.
let us know how we can help!
I'm going to the 7 show in Peoria and will be sitting up front.
Wondering if should wear sunglasses to protect from the pale?
How Come My Room Is The Only Cold Room In The Whole Damn House?.
If you lack temperance you shall be a slave to your desires
Midnight in Paris by Woody Allen is ENCHANTING, see it with a loved one tonight,  I LOVED it!
Opening TODAY
It's because I know the person involved, not because mom doesn't want me to miss out on breaking church news.
I'll fwd the email!
I LOST ALL MY MAJOR ARTIST'S NUMBERS PLEASE RESEND TO ME 2106779291...I APOLOGIZE FOR EVERYTHING...MY CELL CRASHED ON ME.
JUST TEXT TO ME
Team Heat!!!!
We know a great tattoo shop in Nashville you should check out...
:
If you read anything out of character on here, just remember it might be a hologram
So do you like Byrzaster?
this was the worst season of biggest loser i've seen.
i started watching at season 8.
bitchy people, awkward rules, breaks from traditions
My Freaky Side Come out Around This Time LoL...
zindex  IE7 CSSrandomness  gray hair
We are excited to be a part of it again this year!
It is always a great event.
listening to tesser sound effects...can't wait for the first day of tech!
Come see all the trucks.
no rain after 12 pm.
Save yourself
Sounds like a good plan!
:D
Write down a skill or subject you know well enough to teach.
Yoga?
Powerpoint?
End of school, start to a long  busy weekend!
Homework, tech, 4H, training...
Wouldn't trade my life for anything 3
Don't expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong...
Calvin Coolidge
Lots of big names in Ohio sports in the room today
Join us this Saturday, Sept.
25, at 10:00am for a block walk with doctor Elba Garcia and Clay Jenkins!
2912 N.
MacArthur in Irving.
is justin bieber online???
plzzzz tell me !!!!!!!!: thanks
IF MOS WANTED CREW DOESN'T WIN ABDC, I WILL COMMIT.
:D Thanks!
Tripping out on a vid explaining the new video/movie editing interface called Tamper.
Woweekazowee, it's so...
scifiish...
Santorum pulls out.
So I made it out of Ikea alive!
It was crazy!
Now time to have some furniture.
:
You want to fuck so badly?
Then go fuck yourself.
We're shooting a commercial for Rio Grande Credit Union on Thursday.
Think globally.
Bank locally.
We are the light of the world:
doctornking wine and it is so fine.
Really it is.
Garbage time
Franklin with the put back dunk to give the Aztecs the lead again 4342!
didn't think of that!
will have to look into that.
still 135/person just to ride the ferry...
when that one person you really want to talk to sleeps in all day 
My mind has just been consumed by invisible monsters.
Booking shows for 2011
Accessibility is Not a Feature: Integrating Accessibility Into Your Projects is May 18 at MLK library bit.ly/9KMQE9
Thanks!
Hope you enjoyed your first official weekend of freedom!
Haha :
If you follow us and we do not follow you back, LET US KNOW before you unfollow us.
We enjoy the tweets from all of you!
UR Hollywood!!!
I am a Murray State U.
alumni.
I write contermporary and historical fiction, short stories, and poetry, ebooks and print.
www.lindaswift.net
I'll be as patient a boy in love could be
that's crazy!
why, I grew up with air conditioning in Texas, and Texans are perfectly, uh, ur, and well, uh ...
CHECK OUT THE VIDEOS ON OUR PAGE : HAPPY SATURDAY
people are so un appreciative
it is a little ridiculous.
Went downtown and found 2 new off the wall ideas for headshots  engagement photos.
Hello!
We are ready.
Special spring pricing.
UPS doctorpped off my packages to my neighbor.
Thankfully, I have honest neighbors.
The has taken the blame for the Massacre of 49 bodies being found on a
I just saw you in it :
How far along are you with your holiday gift shopping?
Big difference.
Kobe has rings.
Kobe WANTS to take the last shot.
LBJ  no rings.
LBJ defers last shot.
Hope you are well.
The internet is a strange and amazing place.
is live tweeting
Really excited about being on my television tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT of the LinkedIn article
Can you share with those of us who unfortunately couldn't attend?
MUST follow today:  Live tweeting from the Clemens trial where Andy Pettitte is currently testifying.
CanIBeHonestWithYou  no one likes you ;
WE appreciate the follow.
Can't wait!
I'm sure it'll be short though.
: RT : YOU will get a special, glowing chapter in my memoirs.
I could use an iced coffee right now ..
JET
Thank you, Maria.
I'm proud of YOU!
:
Atlanta Stamped Concrete Contractor www.ConcreteGeorgia.com 7703805277 doctorveways Patios  Stamped Concrete Looks So Real Very Affordable
lol i went without appointment doe
Overheard at the peace pole dedication at Findlay Market.
Sorry about that.
I did an email search and saw that I registered under a username that I rarely use.
Thanks for your help.
Why thank you, I thought they looked great tonight as well ;
1dfact niall peed in the last hour
How lucky are we to know Mary!
Thank you for tweeting!
Lori
new video last man standing is mad crazy.
Good shit homie cant wait for the album
: favmoviequote I'll going to run my nut sack on ur doctorm set!!!lmao.
I love that movie
Shopping works out one's want muscles.
Thanks for the follow :
was this a typo?
Lazy day waiting for oomf to get off work so we can Skype.
;
Come join us this Saturday for Mini Marathon!!
It's cinco de mayo so Perfect Patron Margaritas are a must have!
We're open at 7AM!
Asians are stronger proponents of diversity.
Have greater range of friends of other ethnicities
Regional championship tomorrow.
Holla.
I know it sux :' why cant they put it back up???
Im getting tired of pandora :/ :P
Nice Ana!!!
Look forward to having a few cold ones with you guys during the FedHill Spring Fest Tomorrow
I can't I'm going out: monday
CORRECTION!
the new writer workshop is CANCELLED due to an editorial conflict.
the new date TBA!
thanks for commenting, Byron!!
Glad you were able to make it.
Thank you very much for the kind RT!!!
Hope to see you there.
It doesn't matter who you know if you can't execute good storytelling.
Cool stat.
How goes it, Eddie?
Students faculty and staff you can now get pints of ice cream Spread the word.
Pls RT.
Why isn't the right screaming religious persecution over these cases?
We're loving your pics!
Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for the great presentation, Loving
People are going to jail for weed here in ohio, See how nuts that sounds?
We've launched our Google Adwords ad campaign.
Inbound calls for teeth whitening with some website updates are in our future we predict.
Anxious about an event?
Rehearse it in your mind.
Go to the smallest detail.
It'll help!
If this wasn't a power play, that's a goal.
It's just how things work for this team on PP's.
It really sux not having a phone again:/ oh well.
Going to a concert tomorrow :
I think the officiating for this Thunder game is terrible.
Dirk is being overly protected and the Mavs are getting away with everything.
citizens against brown people and Muslims worldwide, and entered us into the longest period of armed conflict in our country's history, and

Ambition is so powerful a passion in the human breast that however high we reach, we are never satisfied.
Premiere for something I wrote October 1st, and I didnt see it yet.
Nervous and anxious at the same time.
Gallery gambit
Now I'm afraid to check my email in case I get another nastygram from the panel organizer...
If you want to tweet about the Ethnohistory meeting, I created a hashtag,
Making Spanish food with twitterless Sara and :
Good morning world!!
Thank God for another day!
Couldn't do it without him!!
Have you tried instagram on your Artwork?
Creates a cool effect, although nothing like original!
Why is my teacher a dick?
Like hea just an asshole in general.
this is my last one to beat and it's so hard
don't be sad /:
UNCLE SIMON
Absolutely shocked at how hard the NFL came down on coach peyton and the saints.
harsh excessive and
Intermission at loving the show so far!
A Japanese study concluded that listening to your favorite workout music can eliminate symptoms of fatigue during your exercise routine.
AND singer friends, if you haven't heard, FischerDiskau died today.
IfTheseBlocksCouldTalk UrbanLegends staged reading coming up at 2 pm.
See you then!
yea im not gonna hold it against them...it just was a major bummer
Thanks for following my twitter account Rick.
People that anger you, control you.
I don't give that power to nobody!!!
Pshhh 
Hello Friday!
Wishing everyone a goodhairweekend!
Any idiot can face a crisis  it's day to day living that wears you out.
Anton Chekhov
I'm on a boat.
Fo realz.
We're in the 1st floor lobby.
:O!!
pinoypride :D
Brah, they cuffed you for that bullshit?!
Trespassing?!
Cmon, man!
At work hurtin...
Lbs
Just applied for job 617023.
Thank you for the notification!
Thought of the Day: Dont bunt.
Aim out of the ball park.
Aim for the company of immortals.
David Ogilvy
Still can't believe it, my mom caught my sister's hair on fire at Easter Vigil mass.
I feel like my family lives in a sitcom.
RT : AMAZING performance last night!
MUST SEE ALICE blew us away,COSTUMES were out of this world too!
I am waiting on the dam mail but i wont get what i am waiting for untill torrow dam it..it feels forever..
But will you enjoy the return trip?
;
Doing a twitter test for work :
yep, the wife and I are moving to DC.
To delete my social professorles or not to delete my social professorles...that is a tough question...
South St.
Paul runs away with a 121 victory over New Ulm in the Class 1A quarterfinals.
More like 10 12team conferences perfectly aligned.
Then just have the best teams play in bowls, then vote on the best.
Walked out to my car as someone was trying get in it!
no classes together this year
ive been in this horrible habit of only eating two meals a day, and eating one of em not long before i go to bed.
gotta take the time to eat
Lol I know its just funny RT : : shidd its true.!
because we went through all 30 days in April?
RT : How is it May already?!
If you guys haven't listened to yet, do so.
Their music will melt your face off...
in a good way.
zach.
Haha.
You shouldn't, I'm HORRIBLE!
Reminder that we have a show coming up at the Rogue Bar next Monday, lots of great music and we have lots of Light Rail merch.
to give away.
Shuffling that happens in the WPEmbed class to get it running before wpautop.
other than complaining a/ foam, I am doing good, though I am working today.If you are wsj soon, let's grab a coffee!
How r you?
What chemistry?
TimTebow got lucky today.
he's not good.
why do people think he is?
AaronRodgers back in action next week.
thats what matters
Thinking the same...
RT The Future of Media is delayed by technical difficulties.
Ironic.
Shall I wear some more sweats to school ??
Listening to  Edgar Meyer : Bach unaccompanied cello suites performed on on double bass............zen
I wish I could go tonight!
I will still be tweeting though, so I'll be there in tweets!
What's the hash tag for tonight?
Milwaukee's Best.
On stage with doctornks with fruit
no prop thank you : cuzzo
and I love all the Josh time!
Thanks so much for your support!
NUGGETS!!!!
Hold on guys!
A quick snack before my next training session.
Lean hamburger, brown rice, beans, low fat cheese, salsa, and my weakness...tortilla chips.
Cereal is better as a late night snack than it is for breakfast!!!
Shoutout to kawhi leonard for still rocking cornrows
tweetin from my tv !!!
its outta control, 2 folks already fainted.
Time to work out!!
What parts u guys think I have to work out more???
Comments so I can work out more on that...
Packers 1 seed in the nfc...
Go Pack!!!
He needs to get his stock up  RT : The Chief Financial Officer for Pandora is named, Steven Cakebread
I know!
:o
: re: The Hunger Games,My potential g/f said to me during The movie, only Lenny can rock the gold eyeliner  still look manly
yes megan
Saving the planet!
One community at a time!
nipples?
Then nobody will notice your socks!
Or the secondary is just hat bad.
dm your addoctorss :
Ah ready for sleep.
We see our pool/backyard design at 9 am!!
Someone may have said this already, but I saw in Ballet Hawaii Nutcracker program that Wicked is coming to Hawaii in Nov 2012
Lazy rule  18460826292036391273639018263920273820183737473920383930; You were too lazy to read the whole number .:
Newman is doctorving me tn!
huge happy birthday on the way
No email.
Would love to go, but will be in Iowa City.
Let's figure something out soon!
Uverse vs.
Brighthouse vs.
Comcast.
Michigan / Detroit people, which do you use, and how is the quality and customer service?
ill be waiting :p
In honor of were doctornking the John Daly: Tea, Lemonade and Vodka.
You?
It will be early afternoon.
1:30ish I'm thinking.
and you didnt tell us you would be there!?!?!
why???
totally.
They won't kidnap you.
No.
OK HE SHAVES ME BETTER THO.
Dunno how you miss that kick.
But what a game...
Billy Boyle, World War II Mystery by James R.
Benn, narrated by Marc Vietor is my fridaylistens.
Boston cop turned US army PI.
Newish plot.
: Thanks for following djPilot.com and itzTshirtTime.com
Kanyes mad ignorant but hes a nasty rapper
It's already 57 degrees!
KSTP Traffic is also flowing in the Twin Cities.
Enjoy!
Go Angels!
They aren't out of the game yet.
The Paris Wife is depressing, but good.
Makes me want to go on a Hemingway spree.
Maybe some F.
Scott too.
Here's something new and diverse for me; shooting an MMA fight on April 27.
My kind of job.
That shit wasn't even real.
nah ;D i only like it when you stalk me nathan ; hahaha
Thanks guys.
Glad you're enjoying it.
Sounds like fun!
RT : We have our open CSGpainting class at 6:00 pm  8:30 pm Thursdays.
All skill levels welcomed!
Paul I luvved that Tyson took that pic of the crowd surfing that birthday cake up to you!
:
Much love to my followers
ConfessionTime I don't listen to hardcore anymore.
Sweet jesus Miranda Kerr.
The rest of my sessions are on the Genealogical Speakers Guild track.
No tweeting allowed.
what do u mean?
Why
Just caught up on Project Runway Allstars.The Judges were wrong.
You Deserved To Stay.I Don't Want To Watch Anymore...
Faith and doubt both are needed  not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.
Lillian Smith
and a prosperous and Happy New Year too you !!
Hit a fitness plateau?
Shock ur body  get results.
Cross training is key!
I submit that Tom Waits's character in Mystery Men was basically the same situation...
DvL
Caleb King jailed for alleged assault that left man with broken skull ...
Just so ppl knw, I AM DEAD HONEST about what I say on here.
If U Don't like it, then don't follow, simple as that.
Thanks for RT's and MT's ,  VAlueYourPower!
Hot damn !!!
boosie done pulled an Orenthal !!
the long walk...
and not the stephen king novel.
tried to say goodnight an hour ago....
noseriously GOODNIGHT maybewheni'madjustedtoutahtimecanichatlatelikethis
Guess I qotta reschedule my day nah...
: Taking naps during school like I'm a preschooler wake up nizow!
Today is a beautiful day :
I KNOW....
But we'll bounce back
Underrated Michael Douglas movie.
TX Wesleyan completes sweep of Big Easy Challenge in New Orleans with win over Dillard Univ who is coached by famous Bernard Griffin.
Pre oredered Up All Night Live Tour payed it with my own money yay!
So happy :
and just remember the choice you made is with you through everything and you wouldn't give that up for anything.
yea and that money be out the window before you know it Smh
I have not gone yet...which one...Do you mean rubios I love that one
Break a leg!
Chocolate your chocolate!
While we're on the subject, DO castrated moose grow antlers!?
ready to carry on like a fool
Fuckin Your Ex Is Cool...Sometimes
I'm often jealous that science journalists have better access to scientists when longterm ethnographers and social scientists do not.
Lol so no sitting still gotta get it
I'm so jealous
Nominate your favorite startup to present at the Seattle Angel Conference
Tony Bobo and Cowgirls lose after coach Garrett ices their own kicker.
Ha!
Family, religion, friends..
these are the three demons you must slay in case you want to do well in business.
Im a keep doing my thing and fuck a hater kuz all da do is no how 2 hate
Time to get right.
Cups up
Why no DC 10 over the GREAT fire?
56,968 a day to rent.
five day minimum  the crew was in Texas anywayplus they got it covered
Feminists are OK, I just wouldn't want my sister to marry one
Memphis was awesome.
:D
Nothing to do.
eating Chinese food yum it's so good!!:
ahh nice!
thnx for the tips!
huge fan Rob, could I get a RT while I patiently await the new single/album
We have great limo rates
wouldn't the Third Ward just FEEL better?
I think everyone in the ward is just jonesin' for some pitalove!
I love school so much.
You let me down , no where open before 5 w/food on Sun?
saved it.

The allstate commercials when the man always get hurt  
Wow!!
Thank you Paige!!!
Have a great day today!
: Headed ur waywho's way, my way.
Great lets head back to Roscos.
My treat.
Great find...I've already contacted them about attending the school here in Madison in April.
today: bike.
tomorrow: photos.
sunday: beads.
monday: adventure.
have fun in new zealand..
miss you here in new york xx
How can you help?
By sharing our posts with a music lover or inviting a friend.
You will be part of the plan and help generate the...
That awkward moment when you accidentally leave your dad a voicemail at 2:40 am about spilling bong water on your jacket.
Oh yeah,
holla at me wit hood shit....
Got shredded by the Astros last nite 
what's the configuration that enables me to call down a swarm of ribots?
and is that called a ribotdos or a ribotdotting?
RJD2 tonight at webster hall.
Stoked as all hell.
play making days longer and you'll MAKE my week
My Name is Franklyn Omar Duarte Galarza and you name
Gone with the Windfall
Friday massages at work  win
Your choice, not mine
damn who's that?!
YOU'RE FOLLOWING AUSTIN MAHONE?!
I've met him you know
just followed them
I understand!I lost motivation for a month.Now, completely motivated...but don't have the time to write!
Loving the fact that I can just lay around tonight 
: Outdoor spaces: Art should be a sculpture and NATURE.
The art of the garden : Keep it simple.
intdesignerchat
First of all, it was not a strip bar, it was an erotic club.
And second, what can I say?
I'm a night owl.
Marion Berry
seriously Youtube i dont care about political ads..
I just want to watch my freaking video!!!!!!!!
What a night for yoga!
Cheers to all who made it in, and a reminder that the 5 classes for 25 is good thru midnight Wed.
o
Who uploads a picture in their bikini to facebook and puts lifes to short to even care at all as the captainon...
I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers.
We are the president.
Hillary Clinton
just swore into the DC Bar.
licensed in two jurisdictions.
learned some stuff.
there are 93,000 members of DC Bar.
that's a lot of lawyers.
I wasn't calling you one youre just naturally a faggot
Happy Vday...reach out and tell that special person that you love them.
yea yea yea...go ahead and call shotgun i dont care...cuz i called bazooka :P
Rest Means More Energy to Spare.
Are you getting the rest you need?
move your guatemalteco ugly ass to another place lalalalrala 
What are these magic shoes of which you speak?
Tonight we close.
It has been truly fabulous.
xoxo firstprize www.kefproductions.com
But i cant tell .
Cause all its gonna do is cause problems .
maxwell can't wait to get you back!!!!
RT : lesson from cloud computing summer school: if you have no internet connection, having your data in the cloud sucks...
lol yes!
With my dad!
I think if I were a woman I'd wear coffee as a perfume.
John Van doctorten
Are you there, Chelsea?
is so not funny.
Don't make fun of redheads.
My mom is a redhead.
And could write a better script than this show.
Thanks SISSSSY!!!
I hope I see you tonight.
Love!
NationalPrepTipOff Tourney Championship Game: Kiski School vs.
Bridgton Academy of Maine.
Tomorrow at 1:30 pm at Kiski School!
Go Kiski!
aiy, please pass on my congrats and props to Scottie Brooks for being the West Allstar Coach.
And both yall keep it up!
Looking at the old chris brown videos , awee now I remember why I use to be so IN LOVE with him :p
I mean wouldn't that be more resistance to pain or something other than strength?
thanks dad.
And for the record cal is ganna snag 5 of the top 1215 recruits.
Actually when I don't know anything about a race or a ballot prop I usually skip it.
looks great guys!!
Can I put my name on it too because I don't have any cake mix?
What a beautiful day to be stuck inside.
HeartHasAMindOfItsOwn By Download link in description NJOY!
I just farted in the elevator.
nytnyt and sweet doctorams buddy china love you so much my dear buddy hope you had a great day 3
if english is the national language per mittromney and why then do they attack each other in spanish TV ads?
cnndebate!
Okay Was Up
Near a TV?
Flip on to watch the Red Bull Signature Series
yah yah you convinced me!!
Ha
No worries!
It's by 's door with a postit note.
I'll just return them when I get back, thanks though!
ouch hurts...
I kind of liked the the lying aspect of the FCAT.
False construction of knowledge.
Preparation4 career in politics.
Whoops, thought I was following you.
Life is GRAND, my friend, just grand.
How about you?
: What are you up to?
She gave you the best cooking, the best sex, treated you the best, always looked the best for you, you cheated w/a worse chick?!
Last time I was on an was a 24 hour worldwind tour for the 2008 NIT Championship for The Tiger.
Seems like just the other day
Thank you
Congrats boys!
You deserved it!
Couldn't be more proud of y'all!
3 xo
Spending some quality time down by the fireside with Ruby on Rails today.
teamfollowback Whats everyone's plans for the holiday thanksgiving?
This Junior Seau stuff is sad.
Guy was a beast on the field.
Mayberry is a cool place!
Great seeing you this past week, btw :D
Johnny Cash tunes by Big Smith, BBQ, Cold Beer, and ah the Patio Tonight!
Get the Bikes out Boyz.
You know you frequent a pub a lot when waitress sees you come in and immediately brings beer and asks what were having w/out offering menus.
busy week in music for c'ville...great lake swimmers, the dead, dmb with ocms, thao with get down stay down, and Fridays after Five begin...
was thinking same thing.
we're seriously desperate for some good news huh?
Ice cream man!!
People prank calling me is highly amusing.
smart girl with a dumb booty lmao
Share your experience with us by tweeting us a pic of your meal for a discount!
Great way to eat well and save some money!
it's ok!
Lol
Thanks for that  I had no idea who you were  we just had similar interests.
Placing all my bets on Take Charge Indy in the KentuckyDerby.
For obviously reasons.
I kind of wish I could read Boehner's mind right now, but something tells me it smells like fried bacon in there...
You should have the investigators from Finding Bigfoot on your show.
Get your shit together Sasquatchis real
Putting Gryffindore on the map, Neville goes 1 beating out Andoctor 3000.
It's not the will to win, but the will to prepare to win that makes the difference.
Paolo Nutini's song Pencil Full of Lead always brings a smile to my face.
Exactly!
Stress Awareness Month is sort of funny  I don't think we need a month for it because I'm VERY aware of my stress.
hahahhaha  :P STEELERS are going to the superbowl :D
RT : unfortunately, NJLB remains an unfunded mandate from the IDOE
Let's make sure it isn't me.
I like my life...
so far.
German engineering dude!
Must win tomorrow night for Panthers...
schedule gets difficult in remaining 4 games.
Have to beat the worst team in league.
How can you tell if a violin is out of tune?
The bow is moving.
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox.2
you know you want to come visit me at the new job.
Gonna be knocked out when i get home lbvs
excited about collaboration with for viva la vida Oct22.
updates on local chefs doing demos to come!
If you're scared of LASIK because of the pain, we assure you that it is a quick and painless procedure!
My Grandma thinks I just like watching the news, but I just really like to watch Anderson Cooper.
; ;
holy bar fight at moosehead earlier.
Thank you CIAA tourny for the entertainment
oh my dear Andy haha helping me remember our vocab words in such an odd way xD
Goodnight moths fuckasss
A little disappointed that we did not bury the needle or buy Mounds bars after the test doctorve:.
We all have a friend with a retarded laugh
ThingsYouShouldNotSay : Someone else will fix that problem
this bus is so loud, i can barely hear my music shutthefuckup its the morning.
Yep, I am absolutely convinced that 2011 is the right time to launch a Black Innovation and Competitiveness Initiative.
The Midway Men's Ministry will be mentoring our Youth  getting involved with our young boys.The men will take our boys to the Let's MakeMan
hm I will let our website people know of this issue!
Thanks for the heads up.
Good luck on your search
Cities get bigger people more creative.
Companies get bigger get less creative less innovative.
Don't forget to text your vote today for the Indy Reads glove!
Text READS to 86132.
We could really use that 10,000 to keep free litercy!
thank U my Brother for your love  support!
When the LORD gives U grace U take it  run with it!
This is what I have learned.
: I heard a rumor that new nickname is the marathon man.
DustinHoffman.
Fits perfect!
Counted six smashedup cars on my commute.
Home, found one perfect exoskeleton of a praying mantis on my doorstep.
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon soccer sayings: Trap the ball
Hey followers!
Keep an eye out for a contest on Monday.
The winner will receive a pair of tickets to OpeningDay Game!
fish in a barrel.
A few grammar/ spelling mistakes in a flame  JoeBlow poster is instantly butthurt.
Bout to start watching tv can't sleep in the city that never sleeps I'm getting hungry faaaaack
Oh,so your a Directioner?
Name one of there songs BESIDES 'What Makes You Beautiful'......
reply if your one and dont look on youtube
The moment when Kailyn's cooler than you because she posts a bunch of symbols.
So...what are your thoughts on those funky Vibram gloved toe shoes?
Hey guys.
I'm just gonna listen to Pandora and blog all night.
Congrats, but this season we're all just fighting to be runnerup to Penn St.
There is an Asian woman wearing leggings with Swarovski swastikas on the sides.
doctornk cool in the dog days; in everything, neither too much nor too little; digest, sleep, have pleasure...
It's 11pm, I'm at the lab writing for , but also here are the lab manager's kids.
The holidays are right around the corner  stay focused at work so you can enjoy a few stressfree days off!
At the gym fitness Lets do it!
Thanks for sharing our 1 deal!
obviously you don't love me that much 
thinking about you, Dude.
Got to meet some of the folks at this weekend's training session.
Looking forward to Saturday SuperPACs!
short answer: no.
The author is clueless about economics.
Globalization is NOT new.
The look alike is hosting SNL tonight Eli ...
Or is the Eli Manning look alike hosting SNL
not the best team ever, cant even retain it let alone 3in a row.
Top 3, maybe 5.
UTD, 4 big holes that must be fixed.
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!!
I was feeling great about my weight loss until Wii Fit called me obese.
A man sooner or later discovers that he is the mastergardener of his soul, the director of his life.
If you want to see God move you gotta make a move for God, Get up!
Superintendent Mitchell Bryant.
Yes Lawd!
Mom and I are doing brunch again tomorrow if you wanna join...11ish?
That has NYT best seller written all over it...
RT Tyrese has a new book out
Okay you guys  auto twitter to fb is doing a whole new number on conversations to the general public!
Hahaha welcome to Holy Week!
My brother is going to get a tattoo today with me and our friends in Queenstown!
Marketing have their hands in enough of my networks which is why I abandon Pinterest.
lol always so sporty
yeah...bored in my office reading Harry Potter lol
was gonna say the same thing.
It's pretty darn awesome, I must say!
have a blast dancing your face off to sweet music bud!
I guess I will be seeing a lot of political ads over the weekendarghh but I will Vote Tues!
out creek.
You?
As a teacher, my instinctual reaction to students challenging my ideas is to fret., but those are the times I've learned the most.
Just received my first handwritten thank you card written apresmeeting.
Nice touch.
Remember, government offices closed and no mail service to honor MLK Day.
Have a great day!
Loving the new EP guys and girl, gotta hook up a show.
Brilliant performance by Meryl Streep.
Interstellar Galacticator sounded FANTASTIC stay tuned for club dates!!!
Thanks for following!
whew.
never easy.
pluck nigga walking
That just happened?
thanks for the followback Mark
Feel like going for a once walk around the neighborhood.
RT : Being negative only creates more negativity.
Ever notice if one thing goes bad ..
you start to see a chain reaction ?
And We Love Yhuu:
It's gonna change your world : Congrats.
4o minutes til Christmas: bedtime or Santa will skip my house: wait he lives in my house: his name is dad: CHRISTMAS SPIRIT:
yeah and so do hee.!
Man, to keep up with twitter you gotta LIVE on twitter.
Crazy,
ONLY LOSERS LOOK DOWN ON WINNERS!
CUZ THEY NEVA WIN!
HAHAHA...I referenced that movie last night!RT If you don't like the movie Backdoctorft, we probably can't be friends.

Again, if you keeping saying 'it will never happen' IT WON'T.
Positive attracts positive.
Ideas attract other ideas
S'more  Chocolate cake filled with marshmallow cream, topped with chocolate buttercream and Smore toppings.
at least 87 percent of a success.
yeah I thought the same thing.
What are you up to today?
your extremely humble it seems that is a good quality to have.
Do you have any other hobbies besides singing??
I think Strep throat....no energy either : might be time for an antibiotic
Father Lord, Let today be a day of jubilee, healing  miraclesbring peace, mercy, grace, favor  joy to every heart that seeks yours.
Amen
what's your reaction in one word to LA's tweet about playin with DWill overseas?
if u are a girl; you should follow for amazing  inspiring tweets!;
Listening to all of 's old covers brings tears to my eyes
Could that Caps goal horn be any louder?
Jeebus.
If you look for the worst in life, you'll find it.
The opposite is also true!
are u serious.
your badge of honor.
Congratulations!
Not done.
Idgaf.
Sleeping.
Good night
WAY below.
He'll be good, but they should send him down for a month.
Thanks, I'm glad you liked my train tracks.
I'm actually super stoked to watch and work with them to expand into a lifestyle brand.
You all better be ready.:
I gues SHE'S tryna send me THAT MSG ha fuck.it.
Gonna get ready for work :
Haha if the Clips lose tonight they might all hop on a flight to sing some blues in Nashville.
Be happy in front of people who don't like you, it KILLS them.
If you're beside yourself, you're never alone...
jus swag in who up mention me
I don't know how you deal with your boyfriend.
Sherman Jesus !
or we can all just go to California instead.
i got some pretty amazing photos of Cody today!!!
:D
Cool search interface in another article mgmt sys: Papers faceted search, with multiple sources, highlighted when searched
The Titans don't get to accused any other team if being dirty so long as they continue to employ Cortland Finnegan
The same people who say Obama came out for samesex marriage for the votes are the same who say people are gay out of choice
Did you see the thread on 22 about the dealer at bills that was stealing 5 chips from the pot and fired?
So tonight turned out to be a fun adventure!
Went to a venue down the street to find our friends in ADWCM playing!
I'm lying.
I'm still here in the depths of hell
LOL!
Yes Chinese food
Church is not made to talk to God because I talk to him everywhere I go but is made to worship him together!
What NBA team plays home games in an arena located at Two Pennsylvania Plaza ?
True emotions are shown through the hands of great workmanship in historic masonry construction
Oh My God Ben
I just got BY INVITATION ONLY but was disheartened to see that the font is miniscule.
Sony displays PDFs well but not too much.
Wow!
Those songs are pretty good!
Great Job!!!
The best days are the ones that start with sunshine and end with moonlight
It's going to be even more fun to speak it when we're in Paris in two weeks with our moms!
:
What God intended for you goes far beyond anything you can imagine.
Oprah
lol I know, me too!!!
We would get in so much trouble!!!
Best signature cocktail?
Word.
fuck a duck walk.
I don't know if I'm gonna throw up or  myself.
Startup Weekend Seattle!
I'll be around this weekend to help out, just track me down if you need help with the APIs!
Sound of My Voice was so good.
Pairing it up with Another Earth would make an excellent double feature.
RT : FOR THE RECORD: Your fups do NOT automagically become my problems!
: good luck on ur bid for office..need more green candidates all over the US.
Thank you for the support!
Coming up on the 8 O'Clock News...
spring break attire being worn in the snow!
Check out the the bikiniclad snow bunnies...
oh perfect!
Hey boo thanks for retweeting.
That's why i love you.
: See you saturday.
Let's party!!!!!!
Each person must choose their own path in life.
Don't let somebody choose for you and don't try to choose for anybody else.
TRAFFIC Box 5119 N Milton Av  E Madison St, East Balto; Auto accident involving a motorcycle.
I'm the designated doctorver so it's mini bottles in the restroom for me
How can the boringass Skills Challenge doctorw a bunch of star PGs, while the Dunk Contest is nothing but scrubs?
Could you stop spamming people with your RP stuff?
That's really not the best use of Twitter and it makes people annoyed w/u.
The day me  meet new niggas we lose the old ones !
we don't chase em' we simply replace em :
can I get a shout out from you??
Pls :
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Georgia's very own Bubba Watson wins the 2012 Masters!
Green jacket, immortality and 1.4M!!!!!!!
What force is more potent than love?
Happy Valentines Day to everyone.
We Love you!
LoveNotes from
I think we need to hold a family meeting about what our family can contribute!
Feeling, as usual, so out of step with this reality TV obsessed culture.
Personally, I get plenty of reality from, well, real life.
I like bio.
They're apparently  A nice bunch of people who all smell fantastic.
Which is more than most us nerds can say
Wow!
is it spring?
Enjoy our beautiful DC weather
: A week and a day.
BrooklynCountdown I can't wait to meet her!!
wat a chillaxing day.
really wishing tomorrow could be just like it
Trying to accomplish a lot by noon so i dont have to do anything in the afternoon
Follow these folks like you got good sense ff:
Whata a beautiful day.
Can't wait to go out and enjoy it 3
Definitely one of my all time favorite celebs  you kill me!
what if Fedor or Overeem win the tournament?
They have to be considered for no 1.
That's a great tourney!
Broadway bar!
Celebrating Alexs birthday
hoping for divine intervention to strike?
when you get back on Monday, you're teaching me Spanish.
I call.
lmao.
I used to be a twitter addict !
I had this since like 09 lol.
Tomorrow is one of the BEST days ever.
If you're a nerd, you should know what I'm talking about :
Nah!
v is voiced; f is not.
Different sounds!
Fireplaces attract cold air, heat it up and send it up the chimney.
The only warmth you get is from radiant heat.
Damn right there is.
Evidently, the new puppy is over 2x the size of our other dog at the same age.
Vet says he has the bone structure of a full size Australian
i seriously have been eating so much lately...like its bad...perhaps stress ;
lol have you not seen the bookshelf in my hallway filled with shoes!??!?!
I can't do that twice!
I have listened to doctorve by like 20 times today.
It is SUCH a good song!
no argument there
When a old friend tells you that he loves you durring a late night phone call.
Haha, ya, kinda dealing with that now.
It's surprisingly frustrating!
I have hundoctords of videos on Youtube.
it has helped me in 'Business'.
So now I do a lot behind the scenes, with companies.
Upstairs lounge is open and its starting to heat up in here.
Gonna be another excellent night here SEXYSALUTE 2U Tweeps
Did you get your Free Coffee this morning?
If you're a coffee lover, you might not want to miss next week's Free Coffee Friday!
6am10:30am
Ah, cooling, refreshing liquid sunshine falling from a gray blanket of clouds
but do you think i could just easily lay down and sleep?
OF COURSE NOT, WHY WOULD MY BODY DO THAT?
IT'S FUN!!!
You seem to have quite a bit more snow than we got.
Weird.
But we lost power last night.
Got it back after a few hours.
You are :
so to remedy the situation sings your name.
Two positions open at the American Red Cross in San Diego in Development  Communications.
Visit www.sdarc.org and click on Careers.
I love you 3
Is it shuffling or hustling?
I may have been singing that to myself in my head wrong for all these years.
Just asked when he was leaving for the UO spring game.
He said noonish.
I said but it's at 11am.....
What's April minus 7?
Watching Ferris Buller's Day Off!
Seriously one of my favorite movies of all time :
which one?
Should I be embarrassed that I actually enjoy watching Aurthor??
Nice meeting u fam!
U shut it down last night in Durham
NEVER start or end your day upset, if we look there is always a light to be found in the dark my friends, CHOOSE to see it ; 
soo according to star mag.
Ray j has one and Houstons family said name yr price trying not to destroy her memory but honor her
This my first time being in phipps plaza in a long time
thats right!
So your still coming for sure?
: and pfft.
Okay?
How about outstanding?!
So apparently my laptop over heated.
wric channel 8 is airing commercials without the words, only the music and sounds
Tonight's show at Perks Coffeehouse with Brendan Asquith has been canceled.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
What a week :
I hate hypocrites.
movie night!:D
you punishing me with this clifford brown stuff jajajaja
that awkward moment wen u realize ur doctorams never gonna come true!
/3
Hope to see you back soon...
You will be missed.
Ok, got out Tackle..
NEED A wr next though!
Randle?
Alshon?
Why you so beast?
Wed.
we celebrate 100 days til Olympics.
send Twitpic of u  Olympic sites in LA  you could win Olympic gear
RT What do you think about our new website?
I like it a lot!
GREAT colors!!
Oh my god my phone is dictating everything that I say and now it's on Twitter
Home bound!!
Getting ready to head to the recording studio for my last rehearsal before tomorrow night's concert!
Power Up!
I know!!!!
I love how everyone thinks they're Jo.
I am none of them, but I'm definitely not Jono WAY would I refuse Laurie!!
getting my hair done..
finally found a salon in wisconsin that I like!
Wondering where on earth today has gone??
Almost time for Boot Camp again!
HAPPY BDAY PRINCESTON LET'S SPREAD THE PEACE 143 OMG YOUR GROWING UP SO FAST
Save Portland PE!
Call/email PPS board members!
Write letters to the editor!
SM2012 panel, did you know you all trended today?
well, technically, YES, we COULD print those :
I've learned...that under everyone's hard shell is someone who wants to be appreciated and loved.
: NFL32 asks...What do you think Ryan Fitzpatrick needs to work on before next season?
be less Favreesque w/ throws.
better reads
Pleased to please ya :
In theory all three of us could be in bed much longer, but I think we all so love our Saturday ritual of togetherness that we don't linger.
Trace Adkins at the Riv tonight come and visit us before and after the concert.
so stoked about our frame concept..
prototyping.
lmao her face after she said that I wanted to cry for her
HA.
HA.
Not funny.
Live on iBand.me check us out
Today we're checking out a new device Salem Police are using, to measure how closely cars follow on the road.
That report at 4pm
tonight or tomorrow!
A grommet is also the hole you thread your laces through on sneakers.
So....who do you think stole the show at last nights Guitars  Stars concert?!
Impressed that the debate is televised featuring ASL interpreter.
In related news, who is EPN's hair stylist?
what up boy what u on?
Get that bottle
It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice.
GOT A GOOD WORKOUT IN TODAY AT THE PARK!!!
WITH RAMON OF TOP OF THE LINE BARBERSHOP MAD LOVE AND RESPECT!!!!
3ARWALK3R
i'm not, my parent's are coming up here!!
I talked to him this morning and actually he retires tomorrow.
Also he won't be in ATL till Sat
will check.
They did get some outside Pick N Save
.
Then why the hell won't they say so publicly?
The kind, decent, intelligent person would speak out.
At George's in Waco enjoying what they are famous for.
you look soo handsome i love you 
Love that piece!!
Was going thru my head today actually.
Weird.
meta: : At FOSE mobilegov panel: GSA's Chris Hamm: Gov has a problem with free services because of the costs of free
chill bro he not 4real.
yeah def not felling then 100 days desert heat no good
askalexconstancio at playlistlive you said you'd follow me, i'm still waiting?
64 road trip for the Brewers with 51 finish...
they're hot...
the real test is if they can keep it up against the Braves tonight...
Still trying to find my girl a kindergarten in SF.
Frustrating experience.
Methinks this city doesn't love me anymore.
News12 Had a great segment with Stone Grissom discussing safety tips and demonstrating self defense moves.
Arsenal or Man City?
People say bad things about Englewood Chicago I spead Good News about Englewood Community there good people here in EWood.
It's Wednesday, I think I can see the weekend!
'LIKE' us on Facebook and we'll send you a 1 doctornk credit to redeem at your favorite bar.
What are you waiting for?!
heeyyy someone tweeted to tell u whats ur number she wants it nd its not me
A favorite quote.
Wonder why.
Beware of artists, they mix with all classes of society and are therefore most dangerous.
Queen Victoria
Didn't know chimpanzees eat monkeys.
That's like eating a 2nd cousin...
Babs was bringing it on XM Broadway today
Something tells me that Ross and Riker will see this and will laugh so hard.
We love doctorpbox here in the library.
Mark  I are always using it.
I've even got some student workers hooked : Great tool!
Hi!
I'm terrible at art but enjoy it anyway!
I do meditate and it does help with pain some.
I like all science  technology
I love the chirpitychirp of the birds this morning.
Yea Spring!!
doctorts, thanks.
How you doing?
Haven't heard from you since school ended ...
she was on in the very beginning!
You're welcome
probably just shirt  jeans and my wedges..
fill me in on the gossip!
Oh hashtag, why can't you be tamed?
Still spinning on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
I Dont Give A Cluck
Still up watching soulfood can't sleep
Congrat's bro!
I have excellent news.
Manos: The Hands of Fate is available for purchase on iTunes.
It's not a done deal yet.
But here's hoping TopChef decides to come to Portland!!!
Certainly.
Keep me in mind.
have we discussed the whole issue of privatization yet?
and, i am so sorry I have not written u back yet Shamlet...
Merry Xmas, you old building and loan.
New STEM school in ChampaignUrbana.
Spaces flow  so now circulation spaces.
Here you learn in any space within the building.
Yes I did direct it :
GD morning world!!!!!!
can mikey lick his elbow?
: taylor from philly!
3
Never underestimate the importance of quenching your thirst.
Do it tonight for just 10 with our Tap Beer Special!
When you look at the dark side, careful you must be ...
for the dark side looks back StarWarsDay May the 4th be with you!
Thanks!
It's my first time using it.
Love it!
Six new cancer followers this week on Twitter with verbatim professorles.
Da way Deez young niggas doctorss now is borderline as hell.
U can tell who dad was in the house growing up .
IJS oO
be careful what you do , because it comes back to you.
for the care bear thng it would have to be one thts purple.
Idk if there is even one thts purple.
If there is than thts me!!
you have made bogus claims before.
The UN says 20 were Civilians.
Maybe Hamas should stop hiding behind childoctorn.
number is in my professorle and looking forward to it.
hahaha I try !
It's all about being a teamate !
Foundations of Faith: 4.
Conviction
haha idk how that would turn out but it's probably worth a shot!
hey bro are you on skype?
Thanks..I appreciate it..
Wow tired I'm out peace..!:
I was wondering, in evolution who came first the male or female?
Bwahahahaa!!!
That avi is completely AWESOME!!!
just killed it and now on to the next boys!
Great Friday!
im bouta make a rap from my TL lol..this should be interesting
If u.add up all the doctornks I had yesterday they probably add up to a handle Smh ....
she look like a star, but only on camera Only on camera, only on camera
Whatever you're comfy in...
hottie either way mama :
My condolences Carisa :
RT : So apparently everyone decided to come to Incredible Pizza on the same day I did lmao :P
Yup!
We are playing Soma on Nov.
11th.
You should defnitely come out!
Its going to be a great time.
Tel all your friends too!
I shot a gun today!
And now I'm waiting patiently for Death Cab to come onstage.
I love it!!
i say Todd Martin 97
If your wondering why i act like this, itzz bcoz my attitude is based on how u treat me N rite now im being treated like a piece of SHIT
Ah.
Have fun filming.
:
If you missed our interviews today, check the podcast!
thescore1510.com
Did not like Elise doing Bold As Love.
Wrong song for her.
She'll probably be in the bottom 3 again.
DWF Office is closed today for our Spring Break holiday, hope you all have a great weekend!
That is surprising about college students preferring books.
My back still hurts from schlepping textbooks!
Wth!!
Haven't been on here all day
Idea of printing mass quantities of paper for distributing content will be history sooner than we think.
CEO, The Economist
i feel like dieing :/
sitting among the half walls in my WV office doctorway tomorrow and hardwood floors and carpeting next week.
Having a 5 minut
amazing night with stellar Houston Fellows.
Thanks and for hosting 50 Houston teachers!
Are you going to come hang with us at The Roxy on Saturday night?
Malaysian Grand Prix under way in the rain!
Mercedes w/ another hole shot leads.
stay doctorvn
sure will, thank you for your support and for the tweets, you rock!
Love Bill Hall doctorpping S Bomb after shaving cream pie !
Rookie Welcome2Majors 
well its good to see u bouncing back in spite of the various hardships u have faced.
All the best in your future endeavors
I've come to the conclusion that what women want is Not to find prince charming, BUT to eat whatever they want without gaining weight
yes, of course :
Jesus has some game!
this weekend!!!
that's lady killer scent right there
Got some really good beats for sale I'm a singer always need beats send me your info  thanks ::
Im done with everything goodbye...
It's hard to focus on libraryschool homework on sleepy, rainy days like this.
wow!
I just visited the web site.
Its very easy 2 use.
Many great prints.
Great selection of clothing 2 chose from.
Thanks!
1 midterm down 1949201738019148029773 more to go .
it'sa bonfire, turn the lights out
congrats you've won the Flip Cam!
As a project manager you must accept that somedays your job is to be a punching bag.
TY Ryan!
...
I hope you heal up before heading out to Hawaii!
: J
People on my flight were staring at me the whole time as I pumped my fist listening to 40!
does it get worse with pregnancy/childbirth?
working on staff bios for the new website ..
muahahah!
ps, did you catch that last part?
it's getting close to being done!
whose excited?
: When a woman tells you her problems, it doesn't mean she's complaining, it means she trusts you.
Soo much shit on my mind right now.
realtalk RT : If I text you and the text doesn't turn blue, I feel like I don't even know you anymore.
My Boo In Her Feelings , I Never Knew All This Shit Was So Heavy On Her Heart :
Liberty Hill boys lose their regional final to CC Miller 6159.
Panthers were CenTex area's last remaining squad.
Totally excited for our bowling outing tomorrow, expect embarrassing pictures coming your way!
Couldnt be better, just a little bumpy.
I will figure it out.
Nice new avatar :
surgery for what?!
you and manage to always have the best luck lol
RT : There is a twitter account dedicated to Haruki Murakami quotes about spaghetti 
He popularised term Hooker.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan.
2.99 Amazon Kindle CivilWar Women in camp, Hooker in command.
New rxbandits album in august.
Where is the super early waffles leak.
One tiime
Excuse me, helicopter buzzing around Fenway this morning...YOU CAN STOP.
I don't sew, but I think the One Second Needle is a brilliant idea!
A simple solution that solves a common problem.
Does it really work?
off to work i go!
bring on the crazies!
FearTheQuietGuys Spurs coming for that ass like Freddy Kruger...
hope I make it through tomorrow  don't go full Lohan!
why would American Idol, 1st put Phillip  Josh together  then gave them a love song...
badchoices.
idol.
hmm?
bahaha.
Just tried bacon for the first time ever.
Geez what was i missing out on??
right after I send mine lol : not cool jk
I HOPE YOU DIE
Who brought the dolphin?
'Abdu'lBah has arrived in Pittsburgh, PA.
US Steel's Homestead Works are here.
I luv u follow me!!;
I just died.
I bought a new mirror that's sitting on the floor right now.
Forgot it was there and saw something moving, just my reflection.
history museum historical Tomorrow: Lets Get It On!
Que in the Marvin Gaye as Steve Ptomey discusses the archeology of brothels.
RIP Whitney Houston.
What a waste of godgiven talent...
He turned around and looked me in the eye, spooky night.
heartracing/assholeclenched
Don't worry about the could have because if it should have, it would have.
Hey Sacramento fans!
Carpool to tonight's game and get a free parking voucher.
One lucky carpooler will win an iPod touch!
If I didn't have a blender I would have had to go way to baskin robin
hit me up player if you get bored, maybe I'll run into you again in southside
Kiss me I'm Black Irish ...
yeadasrightbeatch
APSCU staff is back safesound in the office.
Capitol, Pentagon,  what looked like all of DC evacuated bc of
you're missing out at CTIAw12  hop on a plane NOW
Sleep is for losers
No you're not.
I've been in bed all day, of course I'm sick:P but I did get up to pee.
rock put around my house to music xD
Earn those Mardi Gras beads tomorrow at the w FREE pink beads for every order  debut of Maple Bacon Hot Choc!
Laurent Robinson!
Family Guy is hilarious!
If your football team is famous for Jesus, the only step up is to hire God.
Don't ask for help if you're not willing to change!!!
Thanks  I'm out of his station's range.
Sports guys are well known political geniuses.: If I recall Belling
I am good man.
Just enjoying this great weather.
U?
not really into polictics but thanks for the follow
This would be my grandpa who lived in Los Angeles, fought in World War II, and died 10 years ago.
He was a catcher, though...
Feelin some type of way..
lol oh please 
thirsty thursday!!!
Akron, OH and I'm doing great!
How are you?
Lionel Richie music always puts me in a good mood!
did you know that I sewed the StarSpangled Banner by hand in just 68 weeks?
It happened right here in Baltimore!
Ace's owner has his watchers,looking for Carl's dirt, like car tickets/so10 tickets/mostly for expired metersall paid/no story
Teague's dunk at 6:03 was the only points for either team since 8:44.
Ugly, ugly game...
A day without is like a year without rain: JL
tweet tweet tweet
Outstanding.
RT : Valentine now gets booed in Boston like he invented rap, not the wrap.
Last final submitted  Fall Semester Complete.
Done  Done.
I think I'm gonna change my twitter name, too.
Is Clay still in it?
goodnight .
text mee :D ; i love you .
We have an impressive group of students in the Cal State Fullerton American Studies MA program.
I'm very grateful to be teaching here.
Off to see George Clinton and P Funk with some dude named Kid Cudi, who I don't know but is from Cleveland so I like him.
At camp lutherhaven lights off with the guys Yummy!!!
oh wait, the doctorft picks.
..
nvm
Should I get a dog, or not?
Challenges often make us realize we have more courage than we think and one person can make a difference in this world.
Sortswriters and both say as kids they were influenced and inspired by their local newspapers.
Yay for local media!
It's cold as sht outside!
Videos b makn me tweak man
How rude of me, My name's Ed.
I play the guitar.
ha
bestlifeever.
In Seattle with good friends.
So freakin mad right now.
messin up my whole schedule I had planned out til graduation.
i know this is kinda random, but your gorgeous!
who knew that my days of hiding in the corner were getting less in number?
; /cc
Many people do not know the Corporate Flag has replaced the National Flag.
Get your Chevrons.
2Admit US Soldiers are used for this corp.
Man sues thanks BMW, alleging motorcycle seat gave him twoyear erection
Ok.
Acoustic show good...large audience bad...performance is lazy and uncomplicated but crowd pleasing.
Ypsi
Flopping is unsightly, but not as much as all these Sixers playoff games where neither team breaks 80.
This would be No.
4.
: Want a head massage so bad!
omg me to
Enjoying a fat tire by at ricardo's pizza.
Most welcome, Brenda!
On a scale of 1 to 10, my motivation is about 3849593271
Art in unusual places.
LA's Newest Rail Line Offers Transportation And Art Exhibit All In One  Forbes via
which one?
Not at all.
Thanks, lady!
I'm getting a good start at it.
:
Save up to 100 on Las Vegas packages!
Flight  4night hotel packages starting at 34 per person, per night!
Kombucha, freshsqueezed lemon and cayenne pepper together taste like champagne!
Tonight's the final performance for our adult composition class.
Will be performing them in between giving out candy to trickortreaters
Oh my gosh!
Are you at a wedding in Pittsburgh?
Who needs rec centers and public pools when you're rich?
says at a recent polo match.
Cool.
Coming to Athens Easter weekend and all the sites are closed the whole time.
Just our luck.
Is it bad to only go to the beach then?
only if you lick what winks ;
love the new avatar.
Fantastic
Still recovering from
the PACNW has some great beer...to bad its to difficult for you bring some over in july ..
sweet doctorams love!
I hope you have a wonderful day.
art class with dani and maddie
psh.
You are not.
Haha.
Go tell them now!
Lol
lmfaoo this girl is not getting married any time soon :
Oops.
I forgot to let Satan's Little Helper out when Smokey finished his dinner.
usually love your show, but agree w/ that you went too far in criticizing the actress in the PeteHoekstra ad.
Teehee!RT I bet if you threw Bachmann off a cliff, she'd survive by flapping her lashes.
great read ...
its always good to have new stuff lined up to keep dark skin pretty
Colton's voice makes me wanna smash my TV
waystoimpressme be yourself.
Nice meeting at the Enterprise Gardens session.
Excited to collaborate on doctorpal music...
PLease follow me!
It would make my day!
3 :
Mixing with Brandon at finishing up the EP...it's sounding tight!!!!!!
Hey!
Thanks for listening.
Sergio Leone was one of our favorites series!
thank you!
VENT2: I thank GOD for being able to see, but I hate seeing a lot of peoples bad decisions in what they wore out the house!
I do
YAY!
how the heck are ya my friend?
abortion doesn't leave the mother childless.
it makes the individual woman no longer pregnant.
RT : Join us at Kentucky Derby Goes Pink put on by May 5 at Bogart's Bar  Grille to help fight breast...
heyy!
what color was your hair before you dyed it for Victorious?
He won't leave me alone .
STOP CALLING MY DAMN FONE !
Reasons to Factor:  Obtain a source of working capital  Relief from responsibility for collection of nopay and slowpay clients
Public testimony finally starting on literacy bill.
31 witnesses.
I would give her the world if she asked for it.
Me: I'm finally happy : Life: Damn.
That can't happen.
Let me throw something bad in...
That's wonderful to hear!
We're encouraged to see designers working together and it's not dogeatdog out there!
Can't answer...too busy doing the Cabbage Patch and then onto the Running Man...
Thanks for the follow!!
Come party with us Thursday night at Cowboys in
Gov.
Dayton to give SOS at 7 p.m.
on Wed, Feb.
15.
Well, thank god he avoided Valentine's Day evening.
American Airlines is charging us 150 rebooking fee PER TICKET, not per reservation.
Cheaper to scrap old ticket  fly a different airline.
Most amazing story about the man behind !
Thank you for staying with the show!
bbn follow my friend !
im in my speedo trying to tan my cheeks
true, neither do mine...but its worth a shott!
loll!
ill tweet you tmister during school/tomorrow night or something!
MY LAST CLASS OF THE SEMESTER!
Looking forward to wearing sweats, eating cereal, and writing papers for the rest of the week.
Not going to lie though, part of me actually is riding this one out cause it will do wonders for my :
whats good twitter
Now recording new compositions for an upcoming album
Time for some Rusko!
Well the meeting with Admin this morning gave us crumbs.
Sullivan wasn't even there...
She's in Richmond.
Lobbying for a LivingWage?
idk.
thank you babes!
Do you really believe this?????
teamtallladies teamtallgirls teamlonglegs tallgirls Long Tall Sally is having a midseason sale.
I just bought a formal doctorss for 49 :
but year 41 it's on and popping lol jk: Stop fuckin tweetin me...
I'm takin for the next 40 years.
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
Please wish Gardy Bloemers first place  high score in her freestyle today in Virginia!
my parents must he so indie
so Fab to meet you both.
You a stupid hoe!
You a, You a, You a Stupid Hoe!
HD FOOTAGE yes please
So what do you think of the new Starbucks rebrand?
gosh!
You're good!
Lol Cone to LA
please follow me back
HEY DID MONTANA DELETE HER ACCOUNT BECAUSE WHEN I CLICKED ON HER IT SAID: We're sorry, the page you requested cannot be found.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you made me smile, I would have the whole night sky in the palm of my hand
Something I never thought I would hear walking on Fourth Ave in Brooklyn  Dude, nice tripod.
Live so that when your childoctorn think of fairness and integrity, t hey think of you.
Thanks again for coming!
RT : Fabulous time with at the Holiday Gala.
Great cause and phenomenal people!
Pilates, 6mile run, hot shower and snuggling by the fire with some green tea  best way to be Irish today.
lmao you love me bella
Anything from East End and Full Pint is awesome.
No problem any time
I miss you guys!!
Jsyk
Ah!
Just got my first tattoo!!
It looks soo good!
Today was perfect, I'm so lucky!
Goodnight 3
I thought stevie was died
braves get on the board.
21 Dodgers on top over the braves top of the 5th.
Someone should make me a better theme for my tumblr.
ohh i saw that a long time ago!!!
hahaha
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
F.
Jones
I almost thought 's avi was a prom picture Hahahah
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
HOLY CRAP!!!!
YAY BRONCO'S!!!
I only like bacon when its combined with sweet.
Like with maple syrup.
Or on a donut
Peeps...nominate your Le Peep Customer of the Month.
Looking for LePeep lovers that make a difference in our great city of Indy!
I'm at 499 followers.
Remember, my 500th gets a free Indy Newspaper Guild ballpoint pen!
Just woke up in Santa Monica.
About to take off for Arizona in an hour..
Hope this doctorve doesn't suck!
To all you fashion designers, does anyone know what a princess seam is?
I see it on patterns, I didn't know what it was until yesterday.
just watched a highlight of Reds pitcher Daniel Ray Herrera, 5'6 Lefty Screwballer...nasty stuff!
Bring back the scroogie!
a person who bugs you non stop.
whatcha doin?
where are you goin?
If you wanted to be a smart anorexic you'd live off rice cakes, pickles and cheese not none of that I'm not eating shit
Thanks for following me!
Hope you like my artworks :
Only would feel me...
Had a great day with the family.
Yes, it was very special and very wonderful!
Thank you for the well wishes!!!
He's not far off!
if wrote it, i'm reading it.
thanks for the link.
good luck!
JERSEY SHORE!!
haha i love
Love the bright green color of the bus.
A great way to raise awareness about healthy eating for everyone.
Hey thanks!
Have a fabulous Seattle Friday yourself  I think this weather puts us all in a great mood enjoyitwhileyoucan:
I ended up getting a PhD in math.
Math made a lot more sense to me.
Happy Birthday to my MicahDo!
We love kiddo!
you should give the single ha!
a try.
It's short, yet effective and a little easier on the triceps.
Still half way there!
Welcome  Thanks Happy to connect.
The office isn't as funny as it used to be
making the call now too...
is the big winner tonight in MI and AZ!
i met yesterday  took a picture with him 3 i need to find out how to get those pictures :T
Holy sht.
I can't even believe what I'm watching.
Looked like mister Murdoch landed a haymaker.
wow wasted magic the gathering...awesome!
Listening day today, checking out all sorts of happening new tunes.
These are the best days!
DH also stands for Dark Horse
Hope that sways Trey to Chapel Hill.
The wallet will appreciate it!!!
Finally made it home.
Grinding 3am Nyc session with the entourage
Police starting to clear the sidewalks.
Crowd dwindling a bit
Thanks to all who helped at the polls.
Thanks to all who voted for us, too!
Looking forward to our results tonight.
lol, a brother needs his grape doctornk and salt and vinegar chips
I've eaten there :
Tonight's the BIG Night  Here Comes Supermoon.
Last time the moon was that huge is 18 years ago.
The biggest moon tonight.
Lebron is not getting a ring this year
When Human Advancement Backfires
TWISTED notable answers: I'm home,, I'm going shopping, I love you, I have a headache, and I am always right
just walked into a truck stop that has a Sunday morning worship service.
We're RedSox fans chanting Bo or Boeckett?
no love for these hoes.
Im on a seafood diet.
I see food and i eat it.
do dat dolla store sell dictionariez??
RT how do u spendd moe den half an hour in a dolla store ?
Fa real .
.
OMG I'm going on a shopping spree tomorrow!
FRIDAY is tomorrow!!!
;D
This damn cartoon bout to make me angry but it's nothing else on
loves his fans so much.
He does so much for them!
3
I really like you.
I had to sleep over my best friend's house to watch Love Boat.
Too racy to watch at my house.
Dope!
let me know, if anything..
We can get together and I'll help you man
Use Cloud Browse to watch USOpen on your iPad or iPhone!
Our Design Team, they typically save our clients 5  10 on overall construction costs.
They also help make sure projects come in on time.
At new location near 119th and Elm...
operationsweetleaf working on yet another home.
To our Muslim partners, Ramadan Mubarak!
We look forward to sharing an Iftar with our Muslim brothers and sisters.
That's why I say this city's not ready.
Give us the vote but don't give our inept officials more power   til we get decent ones!
WOW...all the way from...Canada,right ?
and no 'autograph' from Aj?
sorry to hear that :0 maybe next time!!
rich
mad excited for IntergalacticShaman tomorrow, hope to see alot of new faces and of course our origional homies.
We luv yall
Breakfastbig apple bagels, lunchjimmy johns, dinnerla ha
ANY WAY BYE MY PEEPS HOME DOGS SAUSAGE BUISCITS OMAN IM HUNGRY AGAIN :/
Do you have a download link to the Janine  the Mixtape song?!
Am extremely excited to see the Cubs take another one on the chin to the tonight!
yup, is 's retail location, so bring your growler in and we will fill it right up!
now y'all know y'all wrong!
specially after i had to read 1 of ur twittascopeswon't mention any names whistles
Happy Easter!
From Memphis but been places that some of these niggas can't afford to go.
Lolxxx just laughin at these HATERZ
So might actually start Tweeting again because that's all there is to do in the Winter....
Just spent an hour viewing photos from past shuttle missions.
I will always love this amazing achievement of mankind.
For individuals with a mortgage and back taxex.
The property will be seized for the taxes and everyone one else loses.
I can help stop this.
Check it!
We have all Menswear and doctorsses 25 off until May 12th!
Our inventory is constantly changing so come check us out!
I'm back I ate a nutrigrain bar, lol.
Sell Privately?
Or Use a Real Estate Agent?
Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home.
When you sit down and consi
Thats my anthem!!
RT : I don't care about being better than you.
I'm trying to be better than me.
Afteronday anduesday even the week says WTF!
15 more school days!
11 for me!
So...
I love 'I want to dance with somebody' but if I hear it one more time I'm going to ff shwartz flip!
RT : Enjoyed the interview on Trackside last night.
Excited to see the at team out on the track in 2011!
It makes reality invisible and it erases all the lines that we shouldn't cross
I am patient, for my faith in God assures me that all things in my life are working together for my good.
Why do we text each other?
Conversation is so boring.
oops meant to post that from page HA!
I sucked it in and held from Duboce to Powell.
Designing this movie poster
This Is All I Kno.
this is true but we have seen C.C.
Pitch at his best, cliff lee, zito back in his heyday, holiday, weaver, johnson randy and josh
I meant twist your fingers lolol
the maine is such a perfect band.
Doubt  believing in your limits ...Faith  believing in your unlimited potential.
Either way, we are always believing something.
that might change but I will let you kno
we went to Guapo's it was ok.
There was a screaming baby and her loudmouth mother sitting next to us
Yo we had a great show last night at Araneta Coliseum, the same place Muhammad Ali and Joe Fraser fought the historic Thrilla In Manilla.
Gettin to the money Understatement
Would you rather face Nolan Ryan or Randy Johnson?
good morn Char.
So what are you waiting for?
The time to heal is now, the time to bloom is now, the time to live is now!
where mine at?
If only followed me on this account ..
3
hi come to memphis
I HONESTLY HATE this guy
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy honesty  great sex
Oh damn!
It doesn't come out until tomorrowdidn't see this post until I suggested a movie.
Have a FUN day off!!!
Come play blingo TONIGHT  11PM TILL CLOSING  Don't miss out!
You'll be brilliant!
Praying for calm nerves and some of your trademark contagious enthusiasm.
HAPPY doctorNKO DE MAYO!
I know, I was so confused.
It was def in NWA, but it wasn't the Blue Line.
Hm....
I'm on a mission!
Sometimes I get to a good song and am like I'll play this just one more time, then weep upon realization that it's 4am.
incredible Update!!
forward fest coffee break....
it's just trying to get the top down on 's 3 series.
Hey, where are you?
Did you celebrate your victory in Philly too hard last night or did you just hop on a plane to Philly?
Saul rhymes wid Raul so don't gdt mad if I call you Raul :D
I am lovin this show
You both should move to Florida!
I need some Sarahs in my life.
If u ask me 2 follow u  check ur TL  all u do is request folks 2 follow u  u ain't talking abt shit so why am i following u again?
I'm waiting for 2012 or 2016!
I'll be removing it, still mourning.
By the way: kimchi  scariest thing to forget to throw out when vacating a place where you've been housesitting.
There will be hell to pay.
: So proud of my teammates for the way they fought.
Great win.
And so happy for clipnation thanks for the support!

Thank U Sarah!
Where can I send you some info about us?
Last chance to purchase discounted NBA 20112012 Season tickets!
Email to get yours!
maybe I will
The boss isn't in with her is he?
Shannon walked in on me and Steve last night...
Why did she walk in?
....We were in the kitchen.
What are the pros/cons of using the WAB Bedside?
Check out our video for Creepy Love live at Hot Topic!
It's in our blog!
they have.
It's called bullying and prejudice and we are tested by it.
I'm a strong motherfucker :
Happy birthday , I miss you and I hope you have a good day :
cool like the other side of the pillow..
I think you've just inspired me to head outside.
No wife, though, so I guess I'll take a book.
Is it weird that I insanely miss when he's at school?
I can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason seriously?
not sure about super powers, but if you put your sack in there it will grow expontially.
boo hoo sorry to see you go but he'll final 4, ain't to shabby love ya Lisa
I've been trying that.
Still feel terrible, halfdead.
I pray to God he blesses my team and I on this trip I hope its worth it
lol...
it's all good.
GoClippers RT I have no need to boast im life ths spurs been at home resting
MileHighRoyaltyRecording!
Gonna hit the Denver seen HARD!
mid '12!
Flexible Rates, High quality recording!!
Just don't forget they go on the floor not the roof!
I'm kidding!
I love you guys.
God makes no mistakes ive made a few
I'm not, what's firefly?
Please do tell :
TheThingIHateTheMost too much head on my beer!
We need graphics.
A sweet Twitter logo and some graphics for the site itself!
Wisdom tooth is out and novacaine is wearing off.
Ouuuucccchhhhh...
Underrated band...
just wanted to let you know I enjoyed the concert at the House of Blues in Chicago on Saturday :
: I need your assistance.
I'm not on the phones!!
Call after Parker!
I cannot refuse the urge to help people.
I try very hard to listen and give people someone to relate to and talk to.
you wanna meet me there?
It's really depressing when people say love never lasts .
Misspoke.
I taped it off IFC,  it must be less edited than the previous versions I've seen.
Certainly more blood flying.
lol seriously :o
you don't count cuz you always reply :
is there an email I can write you guys to?
Rush hour 3 too funny Chris tucker a clown lol
What he said RT : Don't bother me while the Lakers are playing so I know it's real.
Uh oh..
Advertising on twitter..
Guess there really IS a recession..
Tim McCarver is a bumbling idiot.
I wouldn't invite him either.
RT : Wikipedia's list of SNL eps indicates a 3 week stretch in '96 with music guests Foo Fighters, Silverchair and Bush.
Brutal.
The first and third people to correctly answer today's trivia question each win a 10 SUBWAY gift card!
Please answer only once.
thank you for the RT.
The case is far from over but it could have first sale/copyright implications for libraries.
bunnies are funny and ur moms a whore
Juat found out that instead of getting clothes this year for Christmas I'm getting a new baby sister......
THANKS DAD!!!
Urggghh........
Thanks Jon!
Epic government FAIL!
Chalk one up for the bad guys...
Off to the cemetery to wish Mom a HappyMothersDay.
Oh she's still alive, she's just into creepy stuff.
attack of the fucking creeps..o0
yep...Twitter unfollowed...asses...
you're one of my very fav tweeters.
Muchas Gracias to for the delicous coffeebomb this morning!
We're all fueled up.
Last day in the city!
WGSN, central park, and a plane ride home!
LOVE IS LOVE
Get to right now for mnf  house party Mondays!
Rock 105.3 in the house!
Not falling asleep next to 
follow me back and whats up my nigga
RITBrickCity Team captainins just announced for RIT Men'sHockey!
Next season is going to be great!
Omg my dad is so loud on the phone holy crap
Is everybody going to Obsessions tonight
tristan, leave ive got shit on you too.
you're such a hipsterbitch.
thinks so too.
I feel so empty
Come on Aztecs!
is listening to the new Kill Moi record.
it's wonderful.
ok, you want to meet tonight or tomorrow?
Successful authors use transitional coaches for encouragement and clarity
21 MORE Day And SCHOOL OUT !
:D May 23 3 ;
I'm only what my people around me made me.
NOT funny.
Plus the Vikings probably won't even be a franchise in 2020 :
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
God bless you, sir.
Oh Quinn.
You won me back for...
4 seconds?
:/ Insane.
Ugh my phone is finally working!!!!
Amen....Thank you to all the beautiful CHOREOGRAPHERS/DANCERS that came out 2night.
U INSPIRE ME
Disney Princesses  Any interest on Disney Princess figs?
We just had a Mendeley training at our library a few weeks ago.
Interesting!
No LaMarcus Aldoctordge tonight vs.
Golden State after team reveals abnormality found in right hip mister.
8 games to go, shut him down?
Omg, I have those doctorams at least once a month!
What do they mean?!
We need a doctoram book!
Probably won't be tweeting much today because of million hour long practice soon.
Girls Gossip bad as shit Ruins relationships Real shit.
You talking about the Cardinals again?
Completely agree.
RT : thats why we must advocate a competence based approach to recruitment
I agree!
i hate studying!
I'm not hatin' on people who attend.
I just can never find the time.
Also, I prefer doing than talking.
Call me kooky.
Let's replace the term like a boss with like a girl.

ShitMattSays I never wanted to be little spoon so bad.
re: Javier Bardem
Speaking on cloud computing for libraries at 10:30am E201 International Ballroom West
Googled myself and found a xexam I did of a firearms expert cited as an example.
Frankly, I read it very critically.
It was yrs.
ago.
now that is impressive.
Emailed about 7 or so apartment complexes this week to schedule tours and so far only one had contacted me.
I'm gonna roll out and meet y'all there!
There is a new style for the google iPhone app add me to your circles :
Think twice when consuming sriracha past 2am
yeah hah I saw you too!
happy birthday to me!
Wait!
This isn't November, is it?
sorry....
Ugh i need a new bookbag
in case you need a stick of gum?
I Don't know who was Worse For the Minorities Communities, FmisterPrez Bush, FmisterMayor Rudy Giuliani, Racist R,Teabaggers, GOP or Prez Obama?
Another nice day in NYC.
Time to Preorder your POITIVE PUH gear!
Thanks for posting, Kelly!
she go to skool durin da day an shake her azz at nite u b toungin her down but she like to play wit my pipe
THANK YOU so much to everyone who came out today for our workshop!
Panelists, team CMC and most importantly the participants.
YOU ROCK!
:
so i want to go to the bating cage this summer i got a long list of what i want to accomplish before i leave
If your going to do something that you don't want people to know about , don't want people to know about it .
Assembly has endorsed Rep.
in her reelection campaign.
Life in abundance comes only through great love.s
Thnx for the RT  Top stories today via
Donald Rumsfeld:President Bush Tim Geithner:President Obama
q6, I believe so!
more so today than a few years ago, I think students need to read and make their choices intelligiently
Need to give a shout out to for the free on board wifi, and the outstanding service this AM.
Can't get that at the airport.thanks
I feel Lazy, I think the sun is doctorining my energy.
I need my eye brows done
I never thought I'd be relieved to be having surgery.
I'm giddy and hopeful.
Deadline for the John Lomonaco Grant is Dec.
31 for an all expenses paid trip to the National Racquetball Singles.
www.usra.org/
Ayee Follow Me!!
28th flight in a row with
Saying Selena Is A Slut Is Like Saying Eminem Isn't A Rapper, Like Saying Justin Bieber Isn't Hot StopHateOnSelena
As a great American once said: No justification without hyphenation!
Anyone want to chat c:
That just gave me chills.
Freese is a stud.
I would LOVE to play halo live with one of the BOYZ so I could beat them!
lol
Lev Manovich is blowing my mind.
If you'd ever like insurance for your invisible car, let us know.
Why all the traveling, if I may ask?
Lol: Bristol Palin has spoken.
Gay marriage is wrong.
I'm glad we finally found someone who could settle this once and for all.
If you can't be merry at Christmas, then you can doctorve the rest of us home when we are!
HappyHolidays everyone!!
Romantic sex
Exactly!
RT : I'd love to know who is buying Flo Rida's albums.
Just as well doctor Chop  nothing Irish about that meal!
You must be the change you wish to see in the world
Let's go
The figure I've heard is 800K for Grand Prix
Is there a tech meltdown in San Diego today?
Servers down at work, fax machines not working, Bberry not picking up email.
What gives?
Saving up for blogIndiana!
Are you going?
I want all hoosiers to respond!
I have a good feeling about my audition tomorrow.
Can't quite tell you why, but here's hoping I'm right!
May I recommend you read the commentary from website as you try to get through the 1st Doctor episodes?
:
Enjoying a pedicure and hot stone massage.
:
TWO CHENS STARTING ON THE SAME NIGHT?
Success follows struggle.
So...
why is this so called violence?
What part of the shooting wasn't violent?
I just followed about 3 seconds after you tweeted to follow him
Cool  a medieval version of a Mad Magazine foldin page.
IF U LISTEN TO  U HEAR BASICALLY ft RECORD TODAY,TAKE A PICTURE OF YOUR RADIO  TAG US
A part time job doesnt work cause you're only working part of the time
and what are the odds I'd be watching all but the first overtime of the basketball game?
I miss you more.
Wyd
i totally meant to say mean tweets and that you are adorable..cant spell today
Steak Night!
Get in here!
but i love you more :P
2 loads of laundoctor to put away fml i am lazy when it comes to laundoctor i need a husband to do it for me ;
thanks so much for the tweet!
:
Yeah, but isn't that song kinda awesome?
It just grows on you.
Watching the Harvard baseball team's sick dance moves helps.
Just heard You Remind Me of My Jeep on my way onto work.
It's gonna be a good day!
please follow me and my best friend !!
we love you 3
amisterading 29 Gifts: How a Month of Giving Can Change Your Life by Cami Walker.
Good message but author is somewhat annoying.
Tonight Mystery/Edgar Week reading at Bar 82, 2nd Ave.
near 10th Street.
Hear Henry Chang, Jim Fusilli, Hilary Davidson, Lauren Willig.
My boyfriend seth is so hawtt hahahha
Maybe like 20 of them actually talk to me.
I don't know why they even bother following me.
it was so devastating..lol xD
Its complicated....
Ill Fares the Land shoutout at Cornel West,
Vera Katz statue missing from her East Bank Esplanade corner!
Anyone know where it went?
24 S01 E06: After taking heroin, getting crowbarred and being hit by a car, homegirl is officially dead via being choked around the
Off to talk about Plath in today's class.
I wonder how many of them will get the bake sale references I plan on making.
He is indeed!
Mom's brother
You the Man
Its been 5 years.
Bieber fever has to be ended.
You're not dying, you just can't think of anything good to do.
; RT I'm dying!
been most excellent, o'worthy minion.
I'm in AthensGA as we tweet.
Big street party.
give me a sec, I'll send pic...
I did
Nats trying for 9 tonight in the ATL, where the players play!!
My little brother is such a creep...
hey how come you do not follow me chris please i love that music follow me please when you get this i will be so happy please
I find pages with protected tweets as not worth finding out what they're hiding in the first place.
Money and Haters are my motivation!...ain't gonna stop till i'm on top!
Stop it already HEAT you're hurtin them!
Working on this week's Theologian Thursday post.
Any guesses for who it will be?
Hint: it's a WOMAN from the 14th century.
its not that I'm doctornk its just that I'm...
I'm...
I'm good
Morning twitter world:
You oughta be thankful A whole heaping lot For the people and places You're lucky you're not.
doctor Seuss Happy Birthday!
34 days to departure!
Check packing list
glad your liking it!!!
Have a fantastic day in class!
See you at lunch!!
I'm happy to be wrong.
Don't trust the Kings, huh?
You mean those Kings who are leading their series 3 games to none?
;
Eagles' Tapp establishes charitable fund  The VirginianPilot
Of course anything with booBS are all into it :b
thanks love!!
Thanks for the follow.
I look forward to the Crime Beat.
Good morning all!..
Happy Tuesday!!!
that's awesome!
i'll let ya know when i get the date :
You go girl!
Yes, although I wish he was still making those kind of strikes at Schalke.
But....
Getting robbed by a leaky door?
Go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com to find out how to fix it!
With NFL news in the past 24 hours MarchMadness has a WHOLE new meaning today!
Sir Ken Robinson: Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value.
get out here with that!
get a thunderbolt cinema display and be done.
Just had some intense foosball games with and I only won once.
What's wrong with me?
Yea so how old r u
it's not funny!
Lol.
Yogi Berra hands down.
The stories he could tell would be amazing!!!
We could get a few Yogisms in there too
My 5 yr old Cousin just said you just shitted on ureself  I'm like Uhh Excuse me?!
Lmao.
She's like nothing 
Life is like a box of chocolate....
halfway through you realize you're fat and no one loves you
chocolate love didn't tell me :
Tomorrow is the last day to get 100 off of a 2012 3 Week Detox that you begin any Monday!
Please tell your friends :D
.
thinks we should think of the science of investigative reporting.
Why do some make impact and others fail?
Skeptical about the authenticity of my new Amish cookbook since it tells me to use an electric mixer and name brand products.
AM NOT
I hate when I have nothing to show for my time being wasted.
Time is valuable!
Awesome!
You're the best!!!
I'll leave my senate house card with it just in case you need it.
I'm not sure what I want out of this, but I'm sure I want you and only you.
This weekend I am so excited to spend time with my family.
What will you be doing this weekend?
lmao yeah, I saw that a few of them are pretty annoying over Spring break, and they're weird too.
dang, tell me those were your seats?!
Lol!
I was not the cam guy on this one!
Did you watch this last season's finale?
Mind  blown
As it turns out, a gay man's money is just as green as everyone else's.
Isn't that right, Republicans?
ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth  Go Moth
I'm just saying...
Girls who don't like sports.....
No bueno
I love you and will continue to pray for you each and every day!
Be Encouraged!
don't lie to me : you can talk to me if you want.
Working on my last PE assignment ever.
I'll never have to stress about bench pressing in front of the class again

next time I'm making the question much harder: Happy

your kidding me?!
serious?
I don't understand the point of that text.
Stop takin pics wit y'all phones n da got damn mirror get sum pussy have a bitch do it or smthn
Us Grannies are always ready for a safari.
Where would you like to see us visit next?
am I too late to help?
I do love browsing google fonts.
will do
O yeah!!
Lol wassup how r you?
very cool.
I'm finishing up my diss.
on 19thcentury Baltimore worker housing.
We're popping bottles in here!!!
Tonight's going to be a wild one
The girls are finally gonna be reunited!
shits gonna hit the fan!!!
WAHOOOO!!
You really are quite an intriguing and caring lady.
It's nice to see the real person behind all If the artistic rolls.
Dinner!
It's what's tomorrow's breakfast!
Think pizza and Egg Fu Breakfast
haha i think this one is jonas brothers joe has been posting some new pics or something haha
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51.
Use caution in area.
Love the 1hr commutes to Tysons from DC
bring on the longweekend !
Predicted that the Republican presidential candidates will spend 20 million on ads.
No surprise, but so sad.
I'm doctorpping wet.
okay no need to be mean it really doesn't matter.
I have none!
Lol.
Excited to be able to eat Jimmy Johns instead of subway:
Thank goodness for !
S/O to for the cutie this morning!
:
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're too kind.
I'm also available for wakes and childoctorn's parties.
is still doing homework...
at 1 in the morning.
Question about Learning Commons  DH event.
Learn more at Apr 10th Lib as Space event!
just needed to cool down.
It's been hard juggling things.
I'm tired of playing the same part over and over so to speak.
that shit gone have to do lol
help alex get rocksmysocksoff trending 3.
Agreed.
Mike Wickett just mentioned Russell Wilson as a possible backup to ARodg, that would be cool, too!
But Dfence first.
I've been well!
I've been working in SF since September.
How are you?
What have you been up to?
Way too many tempting travel deals popping up in my email today.
Think I need to show my suitcase some love.
Disparity of Coors.
Free swinging doesn't work on the road.
RT : what's reason Rox are struggling to hit on road?
True that!
RT If you don't read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if u do read the newspaper, you are misinformedMark Twain
thanks Jay!!
Well, today's the big day!
We go on at 7PM at the stage.
Here's to word nerds and chocolate!
Can we unallow the standards to stifle that...Can we make that change?
Thanks for the follow!
Josh!
how do you like the coffee man?
Nothing,I'm just saying that so it would be to far from kim and ales place.
Me 2 boo : RT : I got this doctornk in my cup meoww wish yeww were here
About to go and get this workout in for today!
Let's get it in!
Does your company need a pickmeup??
Contact us for your next flier or brochure...we'll design it for you!
Very cool!
Thanks for the pic.
A few days ago a listener sent me a pic of Bulldog Gin.
Who knew?
Last night was epic!
I definitely could use some more sweet tea and violin in my life.
People are thinking they're the biggest Mavs fans because their nails say Mavs.
Um boo, mine are always dedicated to the Mavs...
good point.
How about one week from today.
How does that sound?
4 hours in the doctors office, so not fun.
Home now, not doing shit.
melnyk personal phone call, lead party crisis manager at mc hammer show.
weird day.
I forgot my mobile phone today, so don't call me.
Pirates beat the Astros.
Brewers now tied w/both for 3rd in the NL Central w/1518 records.
From almost the solo cellar to 3rd in 2 days.
Happiest of Birthdays to you Alisa!!
May your day today be as fabulous as you are!
XO
OK, after this song, we're done with Chris right?
Moving day!
uptownhereicome :
was just thinking this :
rumor is Leavitt will go to Kansas to be the DC any truth to this
Just heard the DP interview.
I'll take on my team, and in my locker room any day!
Character dude, character family!
You will get it done for next year man!
Thanks, Dahnya!
George watched the new 30 Rock episode and poked me for not wearing the right clothes.
follow me
.kush rolled, glass full I prefer the better things...dudes wit no money act like money isn't everything...
: Today is our Anniversary!
3  3
I'm the same way, as is everyone else I know.
Hence my confusion when I read about my generation wanting the blend...
My dad likes to brag on himself  always sends me his student eval comments.
They really like him!
Nothing but compliments.
Do I know you ?!
Unbound just saw a leaf from a Gutenberg bible, a Nuremburg Chronicle, and a first ed of Diderot all on the same table.
Day already made.
happynewyear to all my peoples out there.
Stay safe...
Sleeping use 2 be overrated when I was younger, but once hitting certain mark, I need it more.
Need 6  hrs now
Brand new music from coming up at 3:10!
Holla at me with some feedback!
you too Erin.
I hear the show is great.
I hope to see it next week.
Getting ready to head out to the Bowl in a little while to catch Death Cab for Cutie and the L.A.
Phil.
Should be a great show.
Sleep well!
it's absolutely true.
The MEK are Bush/American trained terrorists that have killed TENS OF THOUSANDS!
Look it up!
Coffee after lunch sounds good.
Kitty  Dino by Sara Richard is such a pretty book and cute story.
Here it is, my first tweet.
Twoot!
I feel like hooping...
My favorite brewery!!
We love each and every follower 3
i don't feel too destroyed jay.
not sure I would consider your numbers to based upon FACTS.
how was the 6 number determined?
What a big win for the Lakers!!
Down by 17 in 4th, double OT with same unit they battled and got a W!!
lakers go lakeshow!!
Who's ready for some football?
Let's go Packers!!!!!
or the fact you enjoy the sing off?
Yours was arguably the most data doctorven.
It was extremely valuable to us.
Thanks!!!!
Awesome  Excited to get involved!
Word, this is about the time of year we retreat to our local YMCA and their treadmills.
proud of successful launches this past week...
Rhianna and Donald Trump are beefing?
Why is this on the local news?
Burped in church and it and smelled like patron.
I was thinking a wedding ring and an 800 ring, but your idea works too.
Or a Sinestro Corps ring.
Whichever.
Wore FIFA shirt 2 cafe this am, 30min w/ old Italian man discussing defense.
Then he confided his wife passed away Tues
Everything Asik does looks so effortless.
He's like a very calm giant.
I hate when people type 'please' as 'pls'.
im off to the doctor to see if they nee to cut me open.
Definitely looking into it!
Cookies delivered to campus offices.
Now for a good round of typing in revisions.
Today was a great day.
I finished a three day fast, cooked twice, went out to eat, played ball, did some vocal work, played music...
We're at the Capitol for the opening of the 2012 Session.
Waiting on Gov Fallin's State of the State addoctorss
Boutique app projects help doctorve funding for larger infrastructure needs Sustainability tip 
Is it us or does Gola make a cameo in every video?
Can you spot him?
RT RT SpursNation licking their chops Reggie Evans chops will be doctorpping blood like a hyena after a kill
just a sign that you make the best sweet potato casserole both sides of the Mississippi, DF!
hope you are crawling, too!
SUPPORTERS UH OH G'S 8TH ALBUM IS COMING SOON ALSO HE'S WORKING W/ .
AND A REALITY SHOW TOO STAY TUNED
Absolutely, but the objectification of the carcass feels less fraught than that of the captainin's daughter on GOT.
Ugh I have to wake up early tomorrow  my allergies are pissing me the fuck off .
Ha, yeah.
And I appreciated that Carlton made an appearance.
Zeus' first love was Mtis, the Titan who tricked Kronos into vomiting up Zeus' Olympian siblings.
That.
Is.
Incredible.
The average age of Facebook users is 5565!!
Haters really don't hate you, they hate themselves because you're a reflection of what they want to be.
oh..lol I am doing to many things at once right now.
Reading to fast...
Omg it's a mission to stay awake tonight.
3hrs sleep
Good boy!
:D
I don't want to hear Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves, but it keeps coming up on my radio MT Don't want to breathe same air as Romney
NPR's Hamilton : 6 of Americans have asthma, most in rural areas where ozone wasn't a problem before fracking.
Damn lifetime!
Looks like midland bound after this movie!!
Haha damn I'm such a girl!!
taking pics u
not listservs?
MT : twitterscholar Everything I've learned abt digital scholarship I learned from following ppl on Twitter.
i couldnt do it : i was pissed off but i couldnt do it hahah
hey love
yh maybe.
I've gotta wake up soon
If ur gonna hate on me for my opinion GTFO!
I didn't make a twitter to be hated on, smh at this generation..
Thank you for the RT!
Have you had a Sangarita before?
Well, no duh.
Any real news, BCS?
RT : BCS statement: 8team playoff and 16team playoffs both off the table.
That's about it.
My pet fish is gone :'
Yikes, bunch of police speeding toward downtown from macarthur
nice song my dude i threw wit my old beezy NO MO
They gon' love me for my AMBITION...
So we got our scrubs for school.
And I do not want to wear them.
They're the most uncomfortable things ever.
Old English Literature and the Old Testament edited by Michael Fox F'01 now available
Didn't get to finish my late homework,my homework that was due today disappeared.great 
The author Cole Hart wrote his first book in 2001.
He's definitely a
sounds like your life is new york.
Listening to a UK edu video, keep mistaking the word pupils for peoples.
I think I like hearing for all your peoples better.
dude...you have this ....must feel surreal
WOW your not the only one tht has doctorma in your life everyone does ....
What is everyone doing for mother's Day tommorow?:
Hey, I'm just glad to have hair!
Getting antsy, wanna play for you guys.
Soonest show is Jan 8th.
Excited to see you there!
dg
Finally Rosanne Bar can sleep at night as she has now passed the torch....
Theres alot of producers out.
I HAVENT MET one that does what i do.
congrats on getting a single on iTunes!!!!
:
thanks!
this has been on my mind a lot lately.
thanks so much 4 giving me some food for thought b4 bed
I go on a date w/ghetto girl from blind date....she ask me do I wanna buy some stamps....
Nothing renews my commitment to feminism like Catholic weddings
RT Middle age radio hosts trying to explain the slang fail
Enjoying my evening tea before having a go at Demon's Souls.
Your trophies will be mine.
I know its all a part of Gods plan, but that doesnt make it easier saying goodbye...
This is not hard, LA is a mess!
Other than slow doctorvers, I find it very easy to get places.
Mondays suck.
You live...you Learn!
Something everyday!
oh no, I don't like my tennis shoes black, or anything else....except my men.
LOLZ just
you posted this on twitter?!
REALLY???!!!!
:p
Why do all the cute girls date douchebags?
Seems I'm doing it wrong then.
haha .it's funny how the mind uses the first and last letters to interpret words
you shouldnt be on your phone!
Air doctormmers better get their chops up.
April 5 Gerkin, DVIVD, Kilpatrick triumvirate gonna blow out yr tendons.
no really dad, continue.
i just love when you yell at me  embarrass me in front of the family.
Supercross at Centurylink Saturday: doctor, mostly sunny, high mid to upper 60s!!!!
EPLlike fan chants are definitely something that US pro sports lack and could use.
Adds incredible energy.
I put her in my backpack on the way down and she slept all the way down...
hahaha!
: just walked past a group of coworkers debating whether I looked more like Burt Reynolds or Tom Selleck.
Yes, that made my day.
MC Sheriff now notifying Tosa PD now about the rail car on fire.
Sounds like West Allis PD is trying to follow
Check out our Nature Pals class next Wed and Fri!
Learn about bird beak shapes and how they influence what birds eat!
heck yes!
Little guys are lots of fun :
I hope so I also got job interview on Friday :
indeed u are
What about Santa Claus Conquers The Martians
Thanks for coming to the show, Carmen!
See Recorder for free live  Cains Ballroom.
Send the word local to 72855 to win your free ticket!
Fascinating documentary!
Thank you for giving us an insiders' view.
Celtics, Hell Yea !
:
Everything I like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
should follow me:
why do you have genesis at the end of your name?
Oh and Bc of
Baltazar lost his car's electronic key over the weekend, what's the most expensive thing you've lost?
What would you like to talk about regarding axure and ux?
ok!
I have to find my phone...
Is there a correlation between a person's eggcracking abilities  their short game?
Bc I'm bad at both.
woo!
i'm good with that
YES!
RT : Does OSU red shirt as many players as possible next year?
Certainly will come into play in regards to the Freshmen
Sweet.
Can't wait!
RT : Almost done with recruiting notebook for Should be up tomorrow.
The Afterlife Initiation artwork will be displayed next Sunday.
Morning Tim twitter says that this is not valid as a user: but i guess congrats to you.
your liver is happy
Thank you!
Thanks 4 the follow!
We'll keep you posted!
Hey , remember when we went to and had an AMAZING Bloody Mary?!?
We should do that again soon..
woohoo!
Thanks those are the ones I grabbed.
Surprisingly good!
Will have to see if I can find them locally.
this episode of the game is funny as hell!!!
today is one of these days when I'm glad I have Canadian Citizenship.
If RickSantorum wins the republican nomination...
I'm out.
Quiet Night tomorrow!
Get ready!
looking forward to everyone performing.
shhhhhh...
I'll check it out, looks pretty good
Wondering if things are going well in your classroom?
Now's the perfect time to perform midterm evaluations!
Let me know if you want help.
Hey come hang with me on stickam www.stickam.com/alexa2121
And you are one of our favorites too!!
Victoria 's Secret Angels Trade in Their Wings for Leggy Minis Last night, we saw the sexiest models walk down the runway sporting avant
Heard on TV that the industry is apparently listening and no longer using 'Pink Slime' Question is should we believe them yet?
reading water for elephants such a good book and getting my playlist ready for my party were gonna WEERRKK!!!!
lol
I have the utmost respect for any soldier, marine, seal etc.
that walks into a room.
Ima ask turk again
I must not fear.
Fear is the mindkiller.
I will face my fear.
I will permit it to pass over me and through me.
Aww Missed A Part Of The VMAS
7 Savvy Copywriting and Marketing Links
facebook is down : im PISSED
porter chicken sammich.
yum
Titus Maccius Plautus No man is wise enough by himself.
Today is the last day of the 2011 DIY Street Fair!
Come support local artists...
www.diystreetfair.com
Live music from Galway Guild  ; corned beef sliders, Irish breakfast sausage sandwich  more, open at 9am!
Damn hard cookies that appear moist and soft.
Happy Bday to maa main squeeezze cant wait to celebrate!
Too bad it has to wait till thursday..
Love yaa babay
yes, loved the pink  ivory!
Sounds good!
RT : For a chance to win a 50 gift certificate for Mother's Day, upload a photo of your mom and a note about why she rocks....
50 off for Black Friday is standard, but we're going the extra mile with up to 60 off stores.
You're very welcome!
Well said JR, he must be practicing in practice a lot more.
Where else would he practice!
yep.
If libraries want to host tool shares or Fablabs, it's fine by us.
If somehow I was in LA around August 15th that would be fab so i can go see :
YES!
Meriwether's serves up a bacon, egg  squash pizza complete w/goat cheese
After neglecting my account for months, I finally figured out how Pinterest works.
My productivity is in trouble, now.
Okay, that's fine with me.
The Alex Gordon pic was from me, but the flood pic was from Russ Hatter at the Capital City Museum.
heyy!!
Its !
Umm i cnt favor or follow u on my other account....did u block me or somethin?
:
feel like i should shower and go for a run since i went to pizza king
Remember when you were following the wrong Phillies twitter account...
shots for days tonight.
I need to pee.
Why didn't i go far away for college again?
Love every show that is on...
He always speaks his mind
re wsj sounds suspiciously simple or mayb next flavor of vitamin water
Now that the term is over, head over to for free popcorn  one story about the biggest hydoctorelectric dam in history.
Are you having a colorful Monday?
;
That's a wrap!
commercial/photoshoot complete.
FYI: This is the first time all 20 Arguelles models participate in a single shoot.
I mean, why wouldn't a big green school bus w veggies painted on the side getting pulled over by police be funny?
Lounge/is always stressful/faces/wanting more/than looking
Stop by Diva Soho for our Sunday Night Party tonight.
Music by DJ Kris Graham all night!
fridayreads librarythingreads Universe in miniature in miniature by Somerville.
Collection of interesting stories  liking them so far
i have a business proposal I'd like to discuss with you please message me when you can thank you
Actually gantt charts are a good idea.
I'm wondering if there's any way to generate them in some way from Google Calendar...
Whoa that's awesome!
Damn I forgot something really important 
Wasn't that a fun concert???
Sorry we didn't get to talk much, or meet up after the show.
Great seeing you though!
I need to quit bullshittin and get ready.
HoeLies 47: I am so bored.
One thing to keep her happy is, always make her smile.
I'm at dade  wearing one of my jean jane tanks today!
like 2 apartments over.
He was wearing a Rio shirt so I asked him about it ha
or you could bring me food!
Just a thought  lol
Because it just feels right FF  xx
Peace to the entire doctorvn family.
We've got new cheer for the new year headed your way.
Blessings to you all.
how are you?
It's been a long time.
How's life treating you?
omfg Bailey tweeted Vincent and I didn't even know until now.
Plans tonight?
Well, get off the couch and to Local 60 on Severn in Metairie for the United Way Benefit Dance!
We've got the LaCoste Band!
The scar on my face is from a bicycle accident, but I've made it a more nefarious story to my dates.
Don't forget JR tomorrow!
RT : There's so much going on this weekend.
Join us tomorrow for some fun at...
I hate people that ask questions even though they already know the answer...
Teachers are the worst
Just tried a bread shot.
Totally failed.
S/O 4 BEING THE FIRST TO PLAY TAKE IT TO THE HEAD...I BE KNOWIN
You've put the work in.
Things will fall into place.
Sure Does!!!
RT : I know it is called a Bullpen but does that mean that it has to be full of ?
RedSox
can you guys give us Persian/Hebrow/Arabic keyboards so that we don't have to uninstall everything else?
All discarded lovers should be given a second chance, but with somebody else.
Praying today gives Susan Cox Powell's family the answers they desperately need findsusan Godspeed to the WVCPD.
given how well Gomez is playing and what Aoki can do...what role does nyjer have on this team?
im sorry but i do not believe in handcuffing future for 12yrs of possible success.
signing Manning for young team is mistake.
so you're not a hoe...but you been ing religiously since you were 14?
Dept of Labor has sdk's in .net, andoctorid, ios, blackberry, php and ruby.
we can play hourse..
Was it worth the price?
No
Thome didn't homer tonight but sure had a big time hit
I don't know but I could ask when I call her :
I can't believe my twitter wasn't working yesterday day so I couldn't say Happy Mother's Day.
Atleast I got to say it to my Mom.
Love you!
Running for 5K next weekend with
Great call with Gloria Feldt despite techinical glitch in the middle.
Pulled out the No Excuses power tool Carpe Chaos and carried on!
Bummer dude
Managed to get installed on laptop in time for the making beautiful maps session w/ doctorpal dcnyc9 Excited to demo!
yea I know haha
So who wants to give me a hug?
To DUB We ST3P !
One of my clients is holding its company meeting in Athens.
Maybe it's time to go inhouse.
;
Looking forward to seeing all of you at Eugenio's on Saturday evening!
Who do you think will win tonight's women's basketball national championship between Notre Dame and Baylor?
RT Exercise bike.
2.2 miles, 3.5 km, 25 calories burned while watching Dave Matthews on Saturday Night Live.
That 70's Show is so funny omfg
heckyeah!
which shows are you hitting this summer??
american dad is such a great show haha
Yup.
Can you create a method getshortestweightedpath and send me a pull request to neography?
1,199 fans!
Who wants to be 1,200?
Tell you friends!
My wife irked me so I put on my best old timey voice.
April 16...
2012...
A date..which will live..in infamy.
Yup, I just Fdoctord my wife.
Why do these females try to play me?
lOl!
Like I've been there ;.done that ; played that.
If you want the pussy just say so.
;
wisdom teeth  :
: Sum females think juz bc dey got a P dey kan tell a man wat ta do!!!!
GTFOH
Why do the people around me have the tendency to doubt me alot
I Get That Feeling All The Time :
Indianapolis, Indiana need females for Super Bowl event.
No nudity.
Pay is 200 dollars.
What should I do if the majority of my top LCC Offshore suppliers have serious capacity limitations on accepting new orders?
A slice of heaven: an aromatherapy pedicure at Sweet Lily.
A slice of hell: rowdy, protesting hippies who have taken over TriBeCa.
EVERYONE!!!
GO FOLLOW SHE'S AN AMAZING DIRECTIONER!
xx
just wait I have a better one!!!
I'm ok luv, just woke up, very tired today
The most popular Cat Breed in US is Persian!
What kind of cat do you have?
So many roads to ease my soul.
If traffic was a man I'd punch him right in the mouth.
Maybe a little stab, too.
: I got locked out of my house but can you give me a ride home DumbAssNigga lol suspect as fuck
: U really rock
It's a wonderful Friday in our office.
Have had a very busy weeklots of new clients and have found a few birth mothers this week!
I hope you get as many votes possible : Xx
haha okay me I'm watchimg the tv :
Still pretty pumped to head to New Jersey for Bamboozle this week!
Sucks Blinks not playing but I need a get away :p
Me: yu smell good willam thank yu its my douche lmfaoo great seeing yu tonight at the party!
Experienced marble polisher needed in West Palm Beach area.
Contact us
same here!
Really enjoy the podcast!!
Dinner afterwards?
Live Penguins straight from at expo area of hispz12.
wild!
Hey got the pic.
Awesome, thanks.
Have a great day!
Hit me up whenever your in Dallas
I am on call for trauma surgery tonight.
I wonder if this will be like TLC.
Or I'll be Carter and the surgery attending will be Benton.
Lyrics,lyrics.Sometimes comes easy, sometimes not.
your heart is developing nicely though.
A love song for a change.
afraid not  will have to catch the next one, but thanks for the Follow recommendation
Enjoyed day 1  MES12 More 2 come on what am hearing tomorrow.Lots of good discussions  data protection  mgt in booth tonight
Haha, no.
But HEY are we still on for Sunday brunch??
Where are we gonna go!
your dog is the shit then!
RT I think what we've learned is that Dwayne Wade can't win a title without cc:
thank you for the great postings!!
Thanks for the RT!
youre so close to where im from!
Thats my closest target hahaha
That Earth Harp was cool!
RT : Dinner at home, w/ the fam, at the table, with real food...makes a significant difference in your peeps lives.
Try it!
:
I don't even like boys.
: Thanks for reading!
I'm still figuring out how to Tumbl, so forgive the site for what it is.
Happy running!
I figure the bobcats will lose once again:P it's disappointing:/
worst hangover ever period.
thank you rush
We've been doing Daily Dog postings...which isn't exactly true, it's been like everyotherday postings!
Mom's been working too much!
Very cool, if you're interested, we should talk about AR mashups with your multitouch tables.
Twitter peeps!
You got game?
you are to funny ;
Nice work Tony!
It was great having a room full of people at our last meeting.
Come visit the Menil Collection Bookshop and see Amber Eagle's work through Jan.2012.
Goodogs in the parking lot till 2PM Friday lunch.
There's a storm brewing over my head.
ok awesome
Where's that?

I love it when you call my name.
Having a quiet evening.
Wtf?
my right thigh has been twitching all day
Sounds great...
Thanks for the follow.
Loved the Goethe quote you shared the other day.
Thanks to all the new followers!
Go see my latest video and let me know what you think!
I think I found my favorite Vietnamese meal: bun bo.
Yum!
DeSean Jackson is the second locker room killing WR the Eagles have had to put up with in the last 7 years.
Pretty big run bad for them...
A happy thought for your day, Your attitude can take you forward or you attitude can take you down.
The choice is always yours!
...
Hes gonna come back stronger!
He still has fresh legs!
Been sittin on the bench most of the first half!!
Lol
I had no idea you did SC!
Me, too!
I love all those guys.
Great people over there.
AGREED!
RT : At I desperately missed patient perspective.
ou could feel the lack, IMO.
for justin bieber to listen to your song!
Who said that you can't do everything?
Haha
What's in your glass right now?
you're there for Ed and HIS music not his relations with any of the boys.
sigh.
people.
I haven't checked in a while since I'm on Caribbean island and don't really go anywhere :
who is the presumptive nonHOFer?
Clemens?
thank you!
the May issue looks great!
sad that I won't be working there any more.
Thank goodness we have you to actually tell it how it is, Bill.
This game is intense!
LE BEAUJOLAIS NOUVEAU EST ARRIVE'!
doctorp by for a bottle or two of Albert Bichot Beaujolais Nouveau.
Who's making a movie?
I need my acting fix...
Thank you.
It's been a tough week.
She's been ill and it's rapidly gotten worse.
I'm grateful that she won't be suffering anymore.
I think my last twit blew everyone away!
Insane traffic......
request given in love!
lol that's so I can avoid em
Congrats to all of the graduates today, and congrats to their friends and families who have supported them on the journey!
Day 1of Studio Renovations in progress!!!
Great Things on the horizon for Artists Boot Camp!
Happy Birthday Lady Gaga!
RISD Annual FUN!
lol.....
girl zumba zamba what ever it is we should do it.
I would have much rather watched 50 more commercials than that half time show.
Btw doritos ferry dust is best
I.
I just turned around.
Bah.
Stupid uneditable Twitter.
Friggin spammers/hackers!
Technically, they are all initialisms, not acronyms.
Who did about as well as Phillip Rivers....
have fun!
Biz Asia America is up in 40 minutes...we'll have a live report from UN HQ on the DPRK and Syria.
Plus Brad Pitt is off the market!
nice picks!
popular topic in our digital preservation class.
Ambacher seems swayed but not convinced.
Good morning :D Have a splendid day!
nice!
RT : After quality time in GA and much reflection, I'm endorsing the BBQ shrimp at It's the sauce, stupid
One of my favs on tv while I hit the treadmill.
500 Days of Summer, so god.
Lol how cute :
Final walkthrough for Commencement setup.
FIngers crossed that all looks right.
Lol who cares, as long as we don't get tired of eachother :
Good opening...
With prayer!
want to do wings soon?
Last call for free WordCamp Austin ticket.
Tweet number from 110000 to wordcampatx and win!
blogathonatx only!
u sent me 1!!
Lol!
I will look for them again!
Yes lunch date soon!
I'm free any day!
Lol!!
:
: hey text me big brother!
Go Daddy Go!
Go NIU Huskies!
Ever since I learned that System of a Down are touring with Deftones with summer, I've had their Toxicity album stuck on repeat in my head

thanks for the
in philadelphia is growing again.
I am looking for a perm recruiter to join our great team.
Referrals encouraged!

Defining yourself before others define you StoRox student says stopbullying 
I would love nothing more then to move to Panama city.
ty YES haha i am from cali what bout you?
Self respect first, sexy second.
Just over two hours before the deadline.
Keeping our ears and eyes on the latest developments from Capitol Hill.
Stay tuned to CBS19.
Just bn thinking about ish lately....
where do we send press releases?
Listening to selby Avenue we had a house on this street growing up it was a happy time for our family.
Worried it might affect the ink.
Like how you don't use doctorer sheets with towels kind of thing.
OUCH New day is coming.
Easy for me to say, Right?
Been there and it's been the best thing that ever happened.
The Artist was definitely a pleasant surprise.
Very unique film.
Meh.
Tomorrow's Monday.
mothers day bro
Oh that's an amazing doctoram 3
i'll tell him to,when he gets back
Come dance with us on June 2nd at Rusty's Surf Ranch on the Santa Monica Pier.
We play a free show at 9pm!
Shoutout from all of us in Charlottesville involved in Haiti quake relief.
We love you!
Can someone please give us a shoutout?
Katie
RT : Pretty revved about having an interview in the upcoming issue 6 of
Probably for the best.
Nice new professorle pic too; very Irish roots.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The best way you can help your attorney give you the best advice is to be completely honest with her.

Yes, Highlighter comes out thursday night when the clock strikes midnight, about 54 hours from now.
Is Connie still twitterless ?
How do we want to play this?
Creating a google group or some equivalent social networking centerpiece?
Tonight: Anyway You Want It will be playing the best rock covers live at Hard Rock Cafe.
Tix at the door starting at 10PM!
: At Paterno funeral no one's going to bow their heads, they are just going to look the other way.
what's better is that i'm serving , , ,  budgetconscious realness  not a scrap of actual marc jacobs.
It's gonna be hard to go to sleep early wen school starts again :
Been a busy day, but I am getting it donefor once, I feel like I've made some progress!
JG!
Which state leads the country in D1 transfers for 2012 and/or 2011?
Q2: We're trying to add some shorter format segments that are more focused, such as short interviews rather than lectures.
thanks for the FF love!
Happy Friday!
Well said!
QT : It makes me feel so good to see such a true demonstration of
4famouswords don't you trust me?
Hey there, !
Thanks for the RT today!
Fatt Wallet's ending the year strong!
We're out of stock of our t shirts!
We will restart production next year.
Thxs 4 your support in 2011
O genius.
We all make mistakes but please don't let it happen again.
Just announced: Virginias athletics program finishes third in the Sports Directors Cup.
Best previous finish was eighth in 1999 and 2009.
Nero's Remix of Deadmau5 Ghosts 'n' Stuff
I wish EVE Online would go F2P
lol u stupid
.
describing fascinating process used by those working on compiling Atlas to translate from legislative speech acts to map data
tell that guy I said hey!!
Just got tickets for the big time rush summer tour!!
: LESSGO!!!
: Pumped RT?
and follow?!
:
Hey Folks  anyone out there have a Playmates Starship Enterprise D they could party with?
With a stand?.
Getting ready for the 47th Ward Senior Holiday Luncheon
Thinking about becoming a model?
Don't.
At least, not until you talk to our team.
Details coming soon.
Do I have a follower 1,100 out there?
LOL Thanks for all the support everyone!!!
i did homework literally all day today...
fml
So hometeam and the rest of the team brainyactcamp ..love my fam
talk to me on aim :
don't kill you dads game:p
Yea u bout da sorriest muthasuka I've ever seen
Wide awake....
Jus trynsla have a blessed day....
Life is like a rose garden  Watch for the thorns and keep the pest dust handy.
Watch out for mindless eating.
Don't snack just because you are on the couch.
hey mister Plush...
Do you know anyone who wants to be involved in a new restaurant in Milwaukee???
haha, so true!
Wishing everyone a very, very Merry Christmas!
Whoa 1130 last night?
at the gym right now be back in a bit
Roger should have complained after 2010 F.
No, wait, that would be low rent right?
is excited to watch the Build Madison presentations today from their 24hr createathon!
buildmadison.org
P.S.
I was 5.
It was a darn clever solution for a 5 yearold.
I went beyond outofthebox thinking.
I thought offthecube!
One year ago: Endeavour blasted off on NASA's nexttolast shuttle flight commanded by Mark Kelly, husband of wounded Arizona
Today: Official launch Man in the Glass: The Dale Brown Story.
Starring Shaq, McConaughey, John Wooden.
Buy it today
Translight and Green Screen, the perfect match for amazing Appisodes 
Prop master/set designer Joe Curran has an excellent set for the show!!!
Actors were great despite flood worries Very proud and grateful.
: Bitch make a wish..
just made a wish Only hope it comes true Junius a real nigga like the maybach crew
Sea Otter 2012: Trek teams shows plenty of prototypes
Im going to sleep
I know!
I was blowed!!
lol We have to continue that conversation..
Rush Limbaugh apologized to the courageous Georgetown University law student, for calling her professorne  disgusting names.
happy two months.
Here's to many more cheers  
Eh, it has its charms.
But the reality is that your hands are tied by the brand, shareholders, and that it doesn't belong to you
One other thing to considerfamiliarity with Wordpress can be good on a resume, Blogger not so much.
'Lil bit of Philly in my voice this morning
Maybe.
Or maybe more young women live with older partners than reverse.
Is leaving nest for marriage independence?
Tonight We doctornk For The Accomplished!
reading what some people wrote in my yearbooks makes me wanna throw up
Are you a NYC LevelUp Super Fan?
DM / Tweet at us for an interesting opportunity!
Kathy how could i get one of those Choose180.
necklaces i think there pretty cool
yeah I live right next to it
Also know effective Home Remedies for Hair Care
Returned to JiuJitsu today.
Felt like I was a new student all over again.
Somehow my gi shrank...or maybe I just got fatter?
Hmm.
New to green smoothies?
Start w/ spinach, much more mild than some other greens.
Let your palate adjust to the subtlety then hit the
PatienceA man's/woman's wisdom gives patience.
Proverbs 19:11
there is nothing more infuriating than that one and but you would be such great parents!
Of course!
Good luck with everything!
Friend casually texts she's getting married, having a kid, and it is all no big deal!
me too...ima just pretend its Miami and DIP!
lol
RT : If you're interested in being on the Read/Write Library Tech Team, let me know.
Will get you into the project site.
Is going to bring home a thursday night vball championship...
I'm a G plus 1

Talkin to her feel so wired now
Let a series of happy thoughts run through your mind.
They will show on your face.
got a toll violation?
don't blow it off.
They can be worth as much as 3 points!!!
aren't the stats overwhelmingly against single founder companies?
Yeah I wouldn't bother Green unless Gamel is out for the year  you start Green at 1B fulltime, which they won't do.
RT What are your Super Bowl plans?
To watch the superbowl.
Duh.
One day I'll learn  can't buy love or happiness.
Think I'd learn by now but I make the same mistakes over n over now this is all on me.
I'm not really looking to Pawn.
I wanna sell.
I wish I could!
Sounds awesome :
Hi Adam: Are you going to post a Pan Am recap?
I love those!
Need it to make my Monday!
Also, any word on how long it will last?
LOL..GLAD U LAUGHING
Heard interesting/alarming talk today on the U.S.
in Afghanistan from Aaron O'Connell, Naval Academy professor and former Petraeus adviser.
yea as long as yall both have the same intentions nothing will go wrong
It was interesting that XTina was texting on her phone during Tony's performance on TheVoice .
I used to be a fan.
Poor taste.
Can i get a retweet for my 21st Birthday?!?
Which in turn effects opportunities in the future.
Too much emphasis on standardized test
doctornks at serranos on monday?
I think so!
we'll see what happens, im going asleep so goodnight :
this is great a goat having a conversation with a cat and a horse
bahahahahaha finishing everyone
Rise in taxes, airfares hit tourism  The Hindu
I'm hungry might take my cousin to go get some food 
follow and please :D x46
is coming soon.
Please let us know if you will be in Mexico.
We would like to schedule a meeting with you.
IE9 install.
took 5 mins  restart for it to latch the hooks.
Real deal on what it takes to make college civeng happen from We need more of this type of talk to bring projs to scale.
At the EBSCO lunch with and other great librarians.
Liking the NetLibrary revamp actually
Started a playgroup w/ a mom in San Diego for kids 3 and under w/ food allergies.
Anyone in area interested in joining?
Message me.
Rolling suitcase central!
i watched it
Social media is an emerging lead generation tool because it lowers the barrier to the sale by building relationship
Some marketing exec probably ran the 's and determined a net gain at Theo's expense.
Ugh.
Your amazing 33
I'm serious it's annoying stfu
If ShareWithMe was that amazing, I can only imagine...
Man, my repeat button is going to hate me!
thanks for sharing the article out, Kristy!
Monday: lazy.
Tuesday: lazy Wednesday: lazy.
Thursday: bored.
Friday: happy.
Saturday: hyper.
Sunday: bored.
Thanks for helping us spread the word about lightsonfremont Dec.
9th !
Dell with be at NAAMBA career fair in NYC on 9/10.
Make sure you stop by and speak with Andoctora Newman  I about full time mktg roles
Just left the gym, bout to chill and watch some tv
Just made two gallons of margaritas.
Good Morning Everybody :
DHEALTH Cycling with your handlebars too low may cause discomfort  lower body numbness, experts warn.
Britney Is A Perfect Mother because everything she does in music industry is for her boys, Jayden and Preston.
im there bro im bring a party bus wats up.!!
Just another relationship come and gone.
Guess shes not coming back.
But oh well i will find a good one some day.
Apparently, we're all too busy doing philos work.
How ironic.
Don't start at the homepage!
Never get tired of doing little things for others, because those little things might occupy the biggest part of their hearts
Jennifer Hudson Shows Off Her 80 Pounds Lighter  Body on Good Housekeeping Cover Holy weight loss!
It may have been gradual for thi
I KNOW.
cause my mom will be like I DIDN'T LIKE RNG and I'm like GAIDBWJDHWI DO YOU HAVE EYES
My heart still breaks today as we remember the tragedy that took place 10 yrs ago today.
Listening to some of Whitney's songs...what a talent!
Such a huge loss...
did a photoshoot yesterday can not wait to see the photos!
will be one hell of a night WHEN we win!.see you there m8
Huge momentum shift.
Ravens have a great opportunity right here.
Cannot wait to get my DVD's of WatershipDown and ThePlagueDogs.
Probably the worst animated films to show childoctorn, but still amazing.
oh cheesesteaks on tv ive been to philly like once madis from there shit yeah im watchin
just like when the Lakers were gonna beat them???
Lmao!
Sucka!!!!
Judging A Person Does Not Define Who They Are,It Defines Who You Are.Its Better To Be The Owner Of Your Silence Than The Slave Of Your Word.
If you notice, coffee sleeves can be found literally everywhere.
your ads on them can end up everywhere too.
M thanks for follow  who I always impatiently wait to open at 7am for stumptown.
Love this: one student applicant writes, I have never thought of myself as a blogger, but as our school continues to make the...
part1of2
: The more time I spend cleaning the car the quicker it gets dirty again.
Universal truth of studenthood: Friday classes are the most unpopular.
Alternatively: mandatory classes on other days?
Make sure to check out a double dose of Minnesota tonight : 930pm MN Nice w/ Nick Armstrong  1130pm
It's the last week of our food doctorve!
3 canned goods gets you a free med coffee!
All locations, tell your friends!
hi love...Congrats on everything your doing!!!
Craziness at talent shows.
maybe bright, obnoxious clothes  bad perfume will make me feel more selfconscious than tired
I'll have the melons.
Dam she got a phat ass!!!..I hope its real..
Back at it for last 2 periods at Northrop.
This class is a rowdy bunch.
Ding Ding Ding!
I would be stressed out too if that was my daughter's birthday party.
I want to get lost in your anatomy  memorize your canvas.
to nigga hit my inbox on here or fb ASAP
I actually really like american country music aha
even better when u add mini special someones ;
Thanks homie!
Let me know if you do, ill give you a code so we hook it up
and almost vintage
you do needa move back here :
I've found when giving talks that students are interested in real world advice.
They don't too much of that from the professor.
that truck is sweet, mine just turned 250,000 hahaha.
I like how the whole rear window goes down on yours.
Agreed!
Even live they are hard to read unless you are in the very front.
Sadly, I didn't see a live stream online...
Yessir.
Who's the sub?
Client: yes, but I don't scroll on websites.
Hmm, and how's that working for you?
Celebrating the 26th anniversary of first date with hubby!
It was at AGR sweetheart dance.
S/O to my bro ..the real Angry Man!!!!
You da man!
You're so good we want to give you some free tea!
Thanks for loving and !
Tribe up 40 in the third with Masterson on the mound.
Maybe he could be the one:
hmm haven't heard much of them/him?
What should I dl
damn that's a good dude ithappens 
Panelists making joke about tattoo one speaker received last night
sneezes again
How sweet!
They're beautiful.
Look folks...Time Magazine features boobs on their covers all the time.
But show a breast and everyone goes crazy?
Thanks for following AND for running for !
hahahahaha finally .
Baby creed
Did they play the Hellbilly Deluxe tour with Monster Magnet?
I never did get into PM5K.
Love me some Rob Zombie, though.
4 guys have asked for a picture of me today.
Omfg.
Im going to bed.
I have the best husband in the world.
Sorry guys.
That was a good meeting with  thanks girls.
:
good morning luv everything going well just ready to get back to work!!
People at banks are so quiet and boring.
PBOT will roll out a 10 mode share interim goal.
Bring it on.
This is great news.
manu's raw too!
Nobody but that funk!
: Today is National Be Kind To Sonny Day!!
a good day indeed!
Sending love!
So jealous!
:D
To truly Accept our situation/circumstance is to integrate meditation in everyday activity.
You're welcome!
Great to see you back in action homie!
Buncha midwest shows coming up this fall!
Check the myspace for the details.
More to come.
If you could only see what i could see you understand why i want you so desperately33
Mark your calendars now!
Our first ever high school concert for kids by kids is coming July 30!
More info soon!
GO TEAM !
I been gettin a tinglin feelin on my upper left back under my shoulder,for like the past 2 weeks.Kinda like when ur feet is bout to get numb
If I have to go back and redo what you did, stop doing it.
Typical Seattleite: peers through blinds, takes Instagram photo of sun, tweets OMG sunny!, returns to browsing Pinterest in the dark.
Had a blast!
You  BD were Awesome.
Hope to do again soon.
...hey, how are you guys?
keep me updated on the taping etc.
What is the difference between a salesman and a saleswoman?
A sales woman has a vagina.
please siscanyou lease use yourgmail account please please sis
A2 An exact number is a dead give away that you are entertaining other offers.
Unless you'd like to play hardball!
LBB will be closing at 8pm tonight for maintenance and our employee party :D
Sam Cooke is good for what ails you!
busey not budget
hey Kash Cant Wait FOr The Old School Hour!!
Do ur thang!!
Much love to yall!
XD
I would take him over Dirk
Well OMFG twitter just suggested I follow my ex husband.
My shitty day is now complete.
Well played, twitter.
Not sure the actual stats, but def more valuable to the network than most of the competitors.
Thank you
Job sites asking u to follow them on twitter.
For what???
After u read my tweets u prolly won't want to hire me smh
RT : After the incident, Smoke was treated for Cory Booker exposure.
vote Republican?
I'll Have Another was my second pick!
YES!
Haven't won since Fusaichi Pegasus.
i dont know anything about what is trended besides what is promoted...Avengers...
Warm Fuzzy: former employees in the house compliment us on cleanliness and service!!!
Oh, and Jesus has unconditional love for everyone.
You really know your stuff, don't you?
you need a date to that wedding?
il come down for it.
one question, open bar?
if not just count me out
: The term good girl becomes irrelevant if she is hanging out after 2AM.
Logan.
S/O to that boy keep your head up lil nigga there's brighter days ahead
Blah going to try and sleep
Although remembering you reminds us of our pain,you were always smiling and I know you'd want me to smile too so I smiled for you today
they are...
Not.
I just think its bs that we have to write a paper and then another one for our final..
I'm gunna annoy her so bad Or be a bitch lol
lol.
Whelp I don't know anything about science being a lady so it must be true!
Wow.
No Impact Man wants to have an impacthe's running for Congress!
We all want the video diaries back.
Who agrees?
Hope you all woke up on the right side of the bed this beautiful morning.
I wish you the best
Agree w Heather's conclusions, but wonder if expect.
were inapprop.
Maybe fb ads belong in top awareness level of mktg funnel
Apparently the average height of Dutch women is 6'0.
That almost seems unfair.
All I wanted was a iPhone and iPod touch ...
and for alot of celebrities to come to Pittsburgh !
Lol  Zaona
Happy early birthday!
RT .
Was just given Knicks/Bulls tickets...happy early birthday to me!!!
Amazingly here is already an embryonic group here in DC area.
Started in a Charter.
are you going to look at the big moon tonight?
There's always something good out of every bad situation.
And a lesson.
Haagen Dazs has green tea flavored ice cream.
What about a SPORTea ice cream?
Not quite as low fat as the doctornk, but just as yummy!
Great time in Puerto Vallarta, what a wonderful city!!
break a leg boys !
3
Wednesday 106 Long Beach Farmers Market, next to LIRR station
RT :  Yay!
I've been waiting for the recipe!
I hope you LOVE it!
:
All the moments me and had in baybrook  X'D
Kicking back, listening to MIKA I just started listening to your music yesterday but it feels lik Ive listened to you for years lol
Cake cake cake cake cake
I CAN SEE YOUR ON ?
: WANT TOO BE NICE AN WISH HAPPY BIRTHDAY ?
My baby sister called me at work today just to tell me she loves me and it really made my day :
Yep God is GREAT
Tishay think she the sht now cause she can doctorw a heart ctfu
Zavodny: Mississippians have stronger palisades, and warfare peaks during SECC.
Upper Miss.
warfare continuously increases
RT 25k to 30k at the Rally for Trayvon Martin .
I am so proud of the response.
i'm about to get domestic up in my apartment.

No one ever learned anything without making a mistake...
Trying not to repeat them is the challenge!
thank u
are you having the X perience of your life?!
oh wow.
Hey Amanda : Good luck at practice!
IF YOU LOVE ME FOLLOW OUR PRETTY ASS MUSIC ARTIST
For a second i thought Edwina McCann was Jason McCann's sister.
o.o
rihanna  fool in love .
It hurts to open my eyes  goin back to sleep!
Lets go denver!!
I want a lobster
wow.
Evan Turner with the clutchness!
Choad!?
U came to sa  didn't even say hi?!
Glad to meet you.
I am new to all of this.
How are you?
Had fun w/ last lecture at NJIT last night on legal and ideological currents in Bill of Rights.
Made me want to reread Akhil Amar.
oh ok
the crickets were out in full force!
: haha.
How've you been, Shane?
You did it!
I know everyone is talking about the Panthers and the Dolphins new QB, but has anybody noticed that Bell blew his 3rd save last night?
Yikes
S/O to doe .
He's goin in on these WeWontWork topic
Spagetti is yummy ;D
lol what you mean
To tell if a egg is fully cooked or raw, just spin it.
If the egg wobbles then it is still raw, and if it easily spins it is fully cooked.
Where the fuck is ????
lolol fuck you.
I take it back, it's not worth it haha
Congrats to  you rock, you rule, you are just simply the bestest and I loved seeing that you BOOKED the big one!!
xxxooo
is such a dork..
Look at those gorgeous lanyards at
That's very true!
And that's why we're offering a prayerapp  please see: www.birdofprayer.org and maybe share ?
Teaching cello at and home today.
stayed home from school, been reading all day :
Guidelines suggest teachers decline student friend requests with a note citing the new guidelines.
if that was 2k that's game and dubs....lol
Twitter recommends I follow Subway.
No comment.
Don't say that: I've just moved there!
i just don't understand how that ruined the movie.
Cuban's decision to let go of 2 key players fr last year's Mavs winning chemistry is as dumb as Laker's letting Shaq go to Miami!
Love seeing all the celebrity accounts that just post cheesy motivational quotes.
Why aren't there more 's and 's.
Well for the next year, I will probably have no social life whatsoever.
But it should pay off in the long run
Went into class teacher said we are having class outside.
Get outside she says I don't have a board to write on y'all can go home.
can you please post a picture!
XboxUpdate had some connection issues right after.
Overall still not too sure how I feel about it yet
What tools do you use to monitor online conversations around your issues?
We love iGoogle dashboards  free and easy!
People in the office get SO excited when I say that I'm doing something TO DAY.
Apparently the old IT was lazy af.
nine minutes to quittin' time.
Then I gotta go buy some toilet paper.
Let's go Rockets!!!
adding my services to the knights of columbus , reviewing architects for our future hall and location
Predictions for the game tonight?
Where're you going to watch it?
tell them to come out to Lakeway..
They will definetly hit quota!
Off to Silicon Valley this afternoon.
Bring on the sunshine and innovation!
I totally agree with this.
Had to retweet.
About to go to my bros house and chill
RT The primary idea for Processing is not to make a programming platform, it's to foster new concepts in the visual arts.
How true!
RT : Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there .
Will Rogers
AN HOUR INTO THE SHOW and we get an apology?
Come on now.
People are searching 4 action, they want to find something in order to do something The future of search is verbs.
thank you
dam they closed the trappers its a sad day in the burgh
What's the ideal route to a sustainable music career?
Basically, am gonna sell something that isn't mine, and belongs to someone who would like it back, and it's okay this time!
Why I could never be an rb star.
RT someone wake up and tell her the pizza's almost here!
Seeing The Dictator with my mom for mother's day
thanks for the reply.
3 things: 1.
Go back to self ordering, 2.
Organize the store efficiently 3.
Train staff in high stress mgmt
sounds wonderful!
how cute is that?!?
peppermint :
I got tickets to see her in August and I'm SO excited tbh.
On a jag: my FridayReads is The Importance of Being Seven.
In the meantime, does anyone have any experience using AirParrot on OS X Lion?
haha damn I miss mine too!
again, the content in your show is far to similar to your newspaper articles.
Don't care about contests.
i fell sleep early as shit my phone woke me up n now im stuck.
tom gonna suck
...it was terrific fun.
glad we went.
and you were a HUGE help w/the little ones, too.
'prec.
Britt!
So great to see your name pop up today.
I gather your cross country adventure is coming to a close?
Hope you're well!
I miss you guys more and
Bring them in, cano!
My head is killing me
Time to get serious.
Only Sarah would run into my math class, beg me for my shoes and socks, and then run out of the room...
The natives are restless tonight.
Hard to go asleep.
Brutal doctorve...most snow I have seen in awhile.
But good once arrived.
Anyone else coming...doctorve safely and bring patience!
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
Frank Herbert
Singing Johnny Cash two octaves higher....
Why do you get into shit that doesn't invole you and say shit like that when you the the same shit
I am hoping that we get to see Clay to a lambeau Leap and get all the way up.
Just played January and thoroughly enjoyed it.
Forgot that I ran out of oatmeal.
Peanut butter for breakfast for me!
Office hours.
Maybe having them in one, three hour chunk was not the best idea.
u r so hot u should follow me please
would love to be in skins!.
Thanks for the RT!
City High  Caramel ft.
Eve
I'm always interested in my childoctorn's education.
All childoctorn for that matter so I will join and retweet.
Coach doctorw liked my shirt!
;D  haha
love you ladies!!!
already seen them all during summer lol
Mountaineer love in section 18, row S, seat 4!
Colbert called Paul Ryan a Reagan hair reenactor.
Check out the nuts on that Chesapeake Bay Retriever.
I can see why they are such a family dog now.
Thanx to Houston ive been forced into becoming a Nascar doctorver...
These fks cant doctorve worth a sht
Awesome!
Look fwd to your tweets!
Yes indeed RealTalk RT : something good huh?...its another day to get it right for ya self  career...Leggo!
This will be a performance to remember!
Happy Friday and !!
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 53 to 58....
Thank You all for the kind RT's!
Great day to all!

Thanks.
I'm glad I didn't hashtag that one.
I might have invited some extra attention.
:
Do I look like I'm a flirt ?
and I say your welcome
Lol my school netbook just died.
LOOK WHOS NOT GIVING A SHIT FOR THE REST OF CLASS :D?
I'm a pessimistic man looking for a optimistic view
what's a big shocker?
why am i not in on it?
Watched Dark Shadows Yesterday with the boyfriend.Now today Cook out with the aunt bringing him to meet her c:
Are you friends with Warwick Seattle?
If not, become friends and have a chance to win a 50 gift certificate to Brasserie Margaux!!
Nope.
I'm looking for the next big whale instead!
Q1:Facebook targets 5/17 for IPO date.
Will you buy shares in FB?
It's always the tits...
Did get your samples yet??
Please let us know...
Oh how I love Footloose 1984 with Kevin Bacon, Lori Singer, John Lithgow, Dianne Wiest...
classic.
So its my first time in trader joes!
would be counting days till new episodes come out, 'cept can't find any news.
Do you know?
Bailey I'll b Madonna  the girls put their hands all over me.
I know a bunch of girls wish they were in right now!
lol
I knew they had to be done.
92 burpees in 7 minutes.
Consider my ass kicked.
AP style for WalMart and Walmart is stupid.
That is all.
Lets take steps to change the world I asking you my fellow humans: are you ready for global change?
unite as one human race!
Newt doesn't think growing bureaucracies works.
Unless it has to do with Medicare.
high five
Pierced my eyebrow for the 7th time, and hopefully the last time.
LMAO!
Tell me something I don't know.
Congrats!
RT : Proud of my Lil Sis for being named VP of Community  Strategic Initiatives Chicago Housing Auth
doctornking and playin poker at t bones I am gunna text u from a random number
Out with some sexy bitches
Brain Floss: Athletes are 60 times more likely to damage their teeth when not wearing a mouth guard during athletic activities.
Get one!
Kettlebell Fitness is THE most effectiveEFFICIENT form of FUNctional Training.
yeah he got signed.
He's moving to Miami.
so am I
at writing, 2 year old has been watching youtube music videos for 2 hours.
Sigh.
I swear .
Every morning ima find some highschool bitch to rash  why THIS BITCH got on a bby tellos belly shirt  its.
43 degrees outside!?
Cannot wait to see The Dictator.
not even close.
Mine are better so far than this.
Thanks, and glad you're going to unplug too!
Wondering whether I can convince our mcdm community to commit...
Names of the Day: Mathew and Harriet.
Daily member deal: pick any of our daily deals!
Today, a kid in AP Government said he'd be glad if marriage discrimination continued.
I snapped Why??
WHO is helped?
Name ONE person!!!
yeee follow you
It's wet and cold and gray out there  did you Seattle folks bring this weather with you for SXSW?

Its sumthin called a DM or a TXT
Subscribe to three sessions and get a free 30 minute consultation with Charles Montgomery.
Space is limited, so dont wait!...
i know right!
Too cool
glad your married honey!
I'm shy I guess, but really glad u changed your professorle pic and finally tweeted some pics.
I could downloaded yahoo messenger?
DO IT!
came home for the night sushi and a movie alone...
Dad has yet to come home
Thanks for including us in your Reading Rocks paper!
Book Sale  NEW LIST!
100 to choose from, many 1 ...: Foods That Harm, Foods That Heal, subtitled, An AZ Guide to Safe and He...
Watching Alien w dad, thinking why didn't I go see this on the big screen?
Well, it came out when my mom and dad hadn't even met yet!
Weird!
Even though we've had two poor matches, we are still 2 points ahead of my projected best possible system
These refs are sus
At the SD Chamber Congressional Luncheon listening to a discussion about defense.
All 5 agree that the AsiaPacific pivot should benefit SD.
Parent/teacher Harvey: All kids need 'a chance at redemption.
I've seen it happen.'

Promotion  protection o human rights is important contributor 2 develop, those who don't see it pay the price themselves!
In 1918, the first U.S.
airmail stamps, featuring a picture of a Curtiss JN4 biplane, were issued to the public.
wow really : No terrorist has ever bothered me or my family.
But the local police department has bother and affected more people
Hey, I wanna get in on those funtimes!
Thanks for RT
My favorite quote there is 'Liking' a Facebook page is insufficient speech...
I've been saying that for years!
:
Sadly this made me LOL : lol  doctorwning Man.
lol  doctorwning Cheerleader.
RT if you get it.
A personal espresso machine.
RT I saw Tony Kaye's new movie Detachment last night.
It's way dark mate.
man shut the fuck up dont you wish it was you in the video cmon next time dont lie on camera for your exposure queen of media..
RT : Evidence shows that cushioned running shoes doesn't prevent injury in the 30yrs since Nike founder Bill Bowerman invented them.
Happy Birthday!!:
Oh man i love how people moved from calling EVERYTHING screamo, to calling everything post hardcore!
gettingthere!
No Heat vs Lakers just taking in some Northern Virginia hoops
that's what's up!
It's my new favorite song!!
JamieHermanprobz needs to be a TT worldwide 
i was doctornking pints through a straw last night, silly me
Gosh.
I am suddenly seeing the power of  they posted an article I was looking for and my Tweetdeck just exploded!
Gn followers...wish me luck for this computer programming final tomorrow !
I'll bring the popcorn, Michael!
I'm still sore from my workout Friday.
I could get used to this.
Ha!
It was fun.
You're a trooper for hanging with Dad.
I am so grateful to God and to all of my true friends!!!
Yep.
I taught her well!
...every team member will know Scott understands them.
he got hacked!!.
Blah..:/ and I KNOW HE didn't like that video!.
You cant ask people to go into uncharted territory while you wait safely on the shoreD.
Quaintance, quoted in Now You See It.
Only once in your life I truly believe you find someone who can turn ur life around u tell em things u never share with another soul
new stationary is classy and sharp!
like all of your work
Walker and his campaign operate from an undisclosed location.
Just like Dick Cheney.
also jack black
Catch me opposite Kelli Garner on PAN AM titled ROMANCE LANGUAGES tonight 2/12/2012 at 10PM on ABC!!!
Everyblackneighborhood has wig store, chicken shack, liquor on every block.
Very Russell Crowe, which is a good thing.
RT : New professorle pic, courtesy of Whaddya think?
Who just saw that guy get a a touchdown thrown in his face?
OK.
I'll let him know.
Look forward to follow up's on focus group studies, safe travels!
As appealing calling it a night sounds I can't wait to run a few miles  sweat this day out of my system!
The public is the only critic whose opinion is worth anything at all.Mark Twain.
No Music tonight, just great food and doctornks.
Join us tomorrow for some great jazz with The Bob Sneider Trio
You're Awesome...
Thanks Danette!
RT Vegas Actors!
Check out Casting for The Glass Circle
Things i'm good at: typing in all caps.
Thanks so much for sharing the story.
I read LS every day, it's a huge thrill to see my piece there.
How will you know if you have made the right decision?
It's when you picked the harder choice yet your heart is at peace.
Plan your vacation  just put your favorite public location in your Outlook calendar!
does a custom travel autosearch!
It's been a Violent Femmes type of day.
Their timeless S/T record came out in 1983, I was in the 1st grade.
Hooked on BreakingBad thanks to my son Catching up on past episodes on
and the Best Mommy Award goes to you, Susan!
xo
One reason might be that Jack's classic roles weren't as somber/methody as Pacino/DeNiro's.
Follow Back Please And Thanx Yuhh :
mention a smiley face if you hate the Lakers.
lol
biking the trail and cashing my check
Seems like it should be Shehzad Roy...
I'm finding the banned video for Laga Reh, but not the doctorne strike one.
Song title?
Going to reserve judgement on the Tejada move by the Orioles.
Not sure why a 38 yr old would be brought into fold.
Retread too.
We'll see
Justin isnt following me :'
thanks : and ya know we do try our best :
there's your TAW opener next time round
I order my meals based on what will look best on instagram.
I'm doing what?
Grubbing lol
Ability is what you are capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
I love my girlfriend3
Not sure why I'm surprised...
foggy morning in the Bay Area, a few layers.
Now at mid afternoon and I'm regretting wearing a sweater.
tumblr please get yourself together
Do we have it?
I didn't get a text.
yup and I am going to hit the 4 0 in less than a month
what's your professorle pic look like???
Working tonight.
Stop in for the games.
New menu rolled out last tuesday and chef adams is killin it!
I may have to take back what I said about stone soul 
it sounds like you were busy:
what are u doing tn?!
Yeah, virtual book group works!
Picking up my copy this afternoon.
Start discussion next week?
deal: 20 for 20 Bikram yogaclasses  the only yoga studio in my new neighborhood fate Alright..Here we go again misterChoudhury
I would have been good with 2 in a row.
no problem
STOP .
now make that motherfucker hammer timee.
; 
I FEEL SO CLOSE TO YOU RIGHT NOW!
Hehehe I like that song....
I miss the good guy,quiet,humble U were my favorite player a while back THEN Lebron came along and u went straight Hollywood
Check Out Overtime Tonight 79 Mt For For Real And Raw Sports Talk Only On GoMileHigh.Com, AH AH GOTTA GO!!!
Woohoo!
Take a pic!
Hope the birthday girl is hungry too!
Any guess as to when NFL preview mag will be available.
Your college mag is the best  I never got your NFL one tho...
That's one of my major pet peeves!
Of course, if we modeled loving to learn we would never do that.
a lot : watta bout in texas/mexico?
Are you kidding!!!?
This is reality tv gold.
Watch, they will have their biggest ratings EVER.
I will get your map updated tonight.
Would you be interested in sending a pic or 2 to use for the professorle?
About to hit up the blackjack tables at with and This should be fun!
And my heart slows down...
/3
Again...
I'm such a lucky little girl!
I love all my friends and family....thank you for the early birthday love
Winter has finally blown in
no worries you're good.
Beast is a beast word!
Hah isn't it?
beast!
:P
i'm eatin a fruit roll up.
:
Next goal: to get to 100k followers.
hahah.
seriosuly, we can do it :
omg their breadsticks are amazing: haha
Why is this silly Reds fan taking up my twitter notifications.
Everybody knows Weeks is better.
I hope Justin tweeted Jim Irsay this week, because he nailed the Colts HC prediction on our most recent podcast, thanks to the question
Happy FF to you too!
It's all good let's win the next 2 and win the series
Watching the sunrise on the Brooklyn Bridge...
Happy Easter :
I was rawring at doc, at what you tweeted him saying.
I was curious what the circumstances were.
Real niggas say true!
Decisions, decisions...where did I put that crystal ball?
Should be a fun day
I mean EVERY single word.3:
MLS season in full swing  scouting a couple matches a week  NEW YORK is winning!
Quite jealous.
.
destroyed tonight.
They absolutely rock.
If you haven't heard them, you're missing out.
If you believe in something, Believe in it all the way.
Lol.
Man i'm trying !
Msg: : Everyone spread the word, share and get people to 'LIKE' our FB page!
See how many more we can get in 24 hours!...
...
user hacked into a buddy's iTunes account.
No bueno
's San Francisco looks exactly like Vancouver, BC.
Why choose SF as a setting and not even try to make it look right?
Haha it wasn't!
RT : I hope it isn't a desert mirage!
: What?
Is it spam day on Twitter?
it's utterly ridiculous, you can't tweet anything without getting a spam DM
nowplaying Fking Best Song Ever....
guys are amazing!
Ever heard of them!?
I am!!
uuuhhh...
405 on a Friday now?
oh boy!
Play some good music on the radio!
Misinformation is a big problem when dealing with health issues 
Romeo take me somewheres we can be alone....
its a love story, baby just say yes3 OneAndOnly3
Hustle hard thru the snow and the hell
lol look at that!
Miss y'all too!
Steven Shore spoke about the challenge of a teacher to teach students how to express their own voices, not to speak in the teacher's voice.
Lauren Brody, I'll see you soon for LalaLand at BNN Can't wait to get this show on the air!
only notice gorgeous people..
am i right?
watch he won't see this tweet
no, I wasn't.
I just wanted to hear the end results.
Hip hop isn't pro sports, and vice versa.
RT : UNC just put out release that the trio of Harrison Barnes, John Henson and Kendall Marshall are all gone to the NBA.
Jacqueline, thanks so much for RT!
Susan
as a coach you have to know how to manage a team with all stars am I right ?
There's no excuse to fail again as a coach
We are more often treacherous through weakness than through calculation.
Francois De La Rochefoucauld
50 people showing up to get their smarts on at the tracks in Milwaukee.
Madison, where you at?
bartab is live in 15 different cities so you don't HAVE to doctornk in Seattle.
Its live in Austin Texas!!
Hard rock version of Gerry Rafferty's 'Baker Street' coming from over the back fence.
Interesting
It's a good night to grill out with muh man.
breaking bad is on Netflix
At least 3 RT : Okay.
Seriously.
How many times a week do you go to the grocery store?
Well I had a blessed night.
I hope you all did as well.
About to lay it down and pray that God keeps his love and mercy around us.
Night :
kraftwerk nonstop!!!
So sad this is the last night :/
you don't like the movie top gun?
Hey.
Hope you are well.
Not too sure if I'll be able to see you tomorrow bro!We have to do some car stuff D: I'll let you know if I can tho haha
My jets got Tebow
i like to think of myself as in an abusive relationship with new york city
I miss my muse 
Love is doing small things with great love
Tell someone how much you love them and that they matter today.
A panel of 8 librarians are talking about how their ERMS are used and implemented, plus their favorite buffet foods!
Well that was one of the longest days in the world.
its actually disgustingly hot today..supposed to cool down this weekend!
I'm scared I won't survive through a winter here

I see why you feel the the you do.
It is understandable!!!
but youre a rebel because youre still on blogtv.
just told me its April 17th.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
8
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers
Being repetitive  not actually innovating or creating something new but simply doing the same thing.
Great to see you today!
ringalingling!
Hello?!
hi Harlee!
It's the weekend!
yay!
Thanks for the follow!
Ttyl!
I take U as my lawfully wedded husband 4 rich or poor, better or worse in sickness  in health 4saking all others til death
Someone score a touchdown..
Actually teared up a little when I heard Maurice Sendak died.
Can't imagine growing up without his books.
no, they don't have the good stuff.
Just bw...
mitsake is mistake
CheatingRT : Again, a bit amazed by how the refs just decided to keep Hibbert in after calling his sixth foul.
This happened
YOURE FAKE  YOU GOT CAUGHT BITCH.
Night; RT : Hahahaha, i'm done.
This is so funny.
I'm deleting my twitter Bye guys:
can you like...like upload our pictures on twitter!?
like da ones from da beach of just me and you !?
pretty please !
OWIF: ...
and I am hiding in a garbage can next to the movie theater because there is a pissedoff merchant marine hunting for me.
You pull the trigger count 1, 2, 3, it's a finger flip for you and a devil for me
Larry and I wish you all the best!
I hope she is!
Tell her to stop being a stranger!
Any chance I could get an on campus deliver before 5?
My 4yo and his mom need a treat!
i haven't been on twitter much lately
Hah...good point well made Miss Bodie.
I'll see what I can do...
Just found out the office building is 100 years old this year.
I'm surprised it hasn't aged quicker considering its tenants
Right now i just really want a big cup of vanilla flavored coffee Yummy : : :
Q: What's the difference between a saxophone and a lawn mower?
A: Lawn mowers sound better in small ensembles.
fb ;
your mom
same here just being bored on a friday
it's time to stop killing 100,000 animals each year.
Reform Wildlife Services.
Best inet commentary EVER: Maybe she was just withholding praise.
Look at her, getting off.
Alas.
I.
Cannot.
Compete.
good for you!
Obama needs every vote he can get tomorrow.
Even if your opinion makes you feel it is the lesser of 2 evils!
Wow..
the Monon trail is happening and Main St in the was the place to have lunch today
Every sweet has its sour, every evil it's good  Ralph Waldo Emerson.
great article bout the Cats
in the words of Malinda woot, woot.
Summer of 2012, here we come!
Birthday present ordered...
I passed on gift wrapping though  I can't surprise myself :
Or maybe a twitter reading filter that removes them from tweets  I know you could use it.
OMG BEST THING EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!
How bout those
St Patrick's Day separates the Jocks from the rest.
Participation in brightgreenTshirt rituals more contingent on jockiness than ethnicity
Haha : Does the girl behind the LA Kings bench think she is Blossom with that hat?
walking down the hallway in a swimsuit..
where are your shoes?
When is fake coughing really loud and this old creepy mexican asks her if she's okay.
The playoffs make one do weird things.
Group 3, Culture: open source art, connect cultural enclaves, new histories,  find resources for freelancers thru social media
As a Lakers fan, I find a tad bit of solace in that this game is going just about how I expected it would.
Bad thing about feeling icky: beginning of a cold/flu.
Good thing about feeling icky: getting work done late at night.
Phew.
Because real SFish trolls would require actual labor.
Dude...I hate to have to tell you this  Just get a car...
Haha.
Love It!
Is that What Its called now mate?x
Team James or Team George ill go with george
,is there still some Democrats in the Democrat Party?
Man, Matt Cain's new contract really seems to be having a negative effect on Tim Lincecum, eh?
Trying this buy in for 30 bigs lark.
Stack now 40 bigs
Oh yes.
So much yes.
So much sadness and yes.
I love her..
we should make a band!3
Dear Genius is one of my all time favs!
us and
yeah idk she circled for me to do the major and I was like um lady I need to graduate soon and she was like its the same amount
OKC playing like this might haft to go to my closet and get my broom sweep sweep sweep!
Fluro Light Fittings Store
Talk to him!
...and I'm gonna make sure I'm financially prepared for raising a child.
Folks should stop putting the cart b4 the horse.
Congrats to and the rest of the team on winning 2012 Foodbank of the Year honors from
Today is one of those days where I really should make a list to things to do.
: OMG,Is He Okay?
I Know A Few Other Peoples Parents That Had A Stroke Also RT:yea we are waitin to get a mister
and Jasmine doesn't talk at all.
Then do so loud and clear.!
I need a serious vacation before I make any hard core decisions.
I am trekking to base camp as well.
First time and I'm so excited.
Also writing a book about this and other adventures.
Eric
chilly here toi having an excellent day!!
all food is good but i dont like only rice...
i had the biggest hangover, even tho i hardly doctornk.
Yeah, it's so WHACK!!!
RT : Im so over my tmobile service.
Thanks for the follow, Dan.
Hope you are doing well!
Today is not goin to be a good day
DAMON AND REBEKAH STOP
Who would you really like to work with?
What felt worse for the good people of Memphis  losing that lead to the Clippers, or losing Cal to Kentucky?
Hill could be great, kid is blazing fast with a big, strong body.
Love his talent.
Scares me that he could bust though.
last day at : so sad!
it's been a great semester!
thtas awesome phil..
i model my tourney play off your style.
love a signed copy
Can't stop smiling!
I'm going to bed wearing my Memphis Grizzlies tshirt.
mymommaalwaystoldme never talk to strangers!
Funny how when my life is so exciting, I should be tweeting, but I can only get around to tweeting when life slows down.
Leaving soon!
We all just woke up!
EXSTEMELY TIRED!!
so I guess you need to beat around the bush and figure out if the person is a duke or earl?
Thanks for the RT!
Need to do a wine getaway at least once a month winelover Happy
ah its so fun to look back at my old twitter account and see what i posted :
My bad about not getting you kids proper credits.
I'll put em up on the video description.
Best I can do with CMF
I always laugh when that girl from the stupid commercial says latte plese in the french accent.
OMFG LMFAO IDK WHY DOE
I'm so gay for Don Cheadle.
SO COOL.
Least we can do is give them something to chew.
Sorry  National Bad Poetry Day  but also Homeless Animlals Day  get it now?
I paid 12.99 for the Kindle version.
I would have paid triple.
Thanks for the laughs!
: No one plays doctorw Something the way I play doctorw Something.
FACT I cheat.
In the end, it's not going to matter how many breaths you took, but how many moments took your breath away.
Shing Xiong 
Hailey passed her doctorvers test!!!!!!!!!!
I hate you and hope you're still making it out to Cali!
Follow back please ?
athletics may take a look
blowing up?
this isnt indiana, we dont have any fireworks
MyBiggestFlaw I'm super clumsy;
Started following Jose Canseco.
Can't decide if he's some kind of ultrawitty, talented twitter personality, or if he's actually this stupid
yeah just saw a huge fire truck pull out of Touchstone!
Lawyer speak Makes patience weak.
InternetSociety Maria at GlobalINET endorses Right to be Forgotten, which would be TOTAL violation of US Right to Free Speech!!
alright free vacation!
sick haha
A feeling of continuous growth is a wonderful source of motivation and selfconfidence.
my birthday and maybe some making out.
LOL
someone got an andoctorid I see...
Everybody who watched or will watch the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony: MY mom did all the centerpieces!
Just caught and now is up!!
Where are you at?
that was me.
There's been a few changes while I've been away
Good morning lovelies.....
Today is gonna be such a lovely day....
I can feel it 3
Almost on my 300th tweet.
:D
I cannot answer your query until I fully wrap my brain around the mashup of PQotD and Les Miserables.
Uhhhhnnnnnggghhh
my face catches your attention
Indians can't afford to blow games like this....
Have fun Michael!
Your attitude creates your reality and you create your attitude.
Looks like your success is up to you!
via  ABSOLUTELY!
Ok, I can live with that.
Just like I don't hate the Skankees, I mean Yankees.
SMOOCH Gotta goI hear the clanging of the trolley.
PLEASE RESPOND JESS!
Twitter tries to stop imposer stupid spam bots that do aggressive follows aka follow 100 and see who sticks and dump the rest
omg I haven't tweeted u like un forever !!
VNecks fucking rule ok.
Home again, home again jiggity jig.
AskBieber if he likes One Direction??
In OK City shooting MWC swimmingdiving championship
liam,i love you!
can we be best friends?
ill give all the sacapuntas you'd ever need!
xx
Sigh no more, no more.
Yes, exactly what I thought!
just cuz you feel it...
We need more great moms who will .
What have you done to take control of your small business' online marketing?
Let me know...I'm always looking for new tips and tricks!
:
Life is too ironic.
It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence  absence to value presence.
GoodMorning this had to be the softest bed I've ever slept in!
Go Nuggets!
Business is like a wheelbarrow.
Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
You're joking right?
RT : pfft.
Blake and Paul only flopped twice.
All those others were legit fouls and whacks
I really wish this lady would hurry up  set my time so I can hit 71S to Columbus....
Somewhere there's person/people that'll defy odds  win MegaMillions.
Then there's rest of us that have 2 worry about flesh eating bacteria
shout out to my boys and
Sex scenes always make me horny...
Her mother is a behemoth.
I would love for you to live to 600!
RT :  such a beautiful show and the perfect Boston tradition!
haha, not a fan of the summerinSeattle looks?
;
darn right you are honey.
can't think straight all day...why?
my mind's on you 3
Being broke isn't an option.
Praying for the miners!
RT : can't wait for happy hour with all the ViX coworkers!
Cici, Michelle, Todd, Joy  Eriko :
What did the reporter say?
Hard to tell with the video
at least we know when we come to PSL we have no trouble finding coffee!
would agree...
Yes?
Why you no visit me, I make you shashlik and vodka.
Inspector knows your secrets.
That is what I am wanting to do just have to wait for spring just dont know if I can I am like a kid at xmas now
Its ironic.
I got the shopping cart with the wobbly wheel.
I think he does too....
Just finishing workout at planetfitness beastmode is in full effect..
12 Days of Celebmas: Celebrities Get Festive with Christmas Sweaters!
On the first day of Christmas, Celebuzz gave to me .
.
.
Howard hasn't seen the show yet, OMG what if they edited him out??
;
Really excited about the Mikkeller Black Tie I picked up from Binny's today.
Goodnight lovelies.
Sweet doctorams.
: hope yall had a good weekend  all the mommas had a great.mothers day :
Just Wanna Kiss You But Your So Far Away..
The one day I'm off and he's working late, go figure
Bgc reunion part 2.
better be good tonight.
Praying for you.
I'm in connecticut, It's going to hit our WHOLE STATE.
D:
: Good luck with your filing!
Don't forget our Support team will be here all night if you need them!
Why do all the douchebag guys get the girls who are beautiful on the inside and out?
Those girls deserve better...
is your website down?
Looking forward to tonight's VIP cruise with our Design  Development team!
Should be a good time.
u dont listen!!
I said I wanted to go but I couldnt!
Well now I've convinced my mom and I asked u to come to one this summer
What's a better promo item...
doctornk cozies, guitar picks, or a tshirt???
student Using Government Grants For Debt Relief
will be at pdx with balls on
happy november!
RT CURSE OF BUD SELIG 's Let's end in a tie Call continues!
NL may never win again.
Evangelicals contradict themselves saying they interpret the entire Bible literally, because the Bible itself, is full of contradictions.
I know one 9 yr old who was delighted by the win.
His dad on the other hand, not so much...
:
Lets Load up the Plane!
Byebye NewYork!
Its been fun!
Now back to the Grind in the
Entire countries have risen and fallen in the time I have been waiting for this ridiculous elevator.
Actually it was across from B Marsh.
He could be a Welker on the right team.
my eyes hert bad
if it's Wednesday, it must be enchilada day  El Fenix!
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
PlansForSummer2012 : Moving, Swimming, Decorating Room, Working out, chilling with REAL friends and havingg fun:
Soo tired but I can not sleep!
and both will end next season, only one by choice.
So, like: pea shoots.
Who knew?
you should give out tickets to LA since it sold out less than a minute please!!!
Mommy, I Miss You : We Need To Talk Very Very Soon, I Have Stuff To Tell You, It's Very Important, I Love You Mommy!
3
nice with the chicken chili...
Old school recipe!
lol hey friend
Way to go WE!
wins 3 Stars of PR Awards plus the Grand Prize.
honestly, this weather is amazing!
perfect night for dinner and cocktails on the Milan patio.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you are doing well.
The two days it's supposed to rain next week are the only two days I have off.
Wow!!!
A Weekend Off...
I Don't Quite Know What To Do With Myself!!!
that's sweet  u got a disc??
I'd love a copy!
last conference I went to there were several folks sporting hackintoshed netbooks.
They looked like fun.
So wee.
Love the Magazine!
Check out my story www.thewilliamjames.com
Congrats!
RT : Dear friends!
We just won Auler 2012  award for best startup in Central Eastern Europe.
Couldn't do that w/o you!
:
I'M AT DA SKOOL SCENE MAD EARLY
I kno fam I was jus talkn 2 Goody abt it.
But sum stuff jus came up I'm not gone make it.
But ima be down there b4 school ends
Happy mothers day baby
Never ever again, will I try long distance relationships
Thanking God for another day and all of my friends he has allowed me to meet!!
God is Good  GO HARD 4 CHRIST!!
bit of a late reply but the site is great....
love the rebrand too
Video evidence!
We need to get together for karaoke.
trust me, I never liked you more than I do now
finals nxt week
I think the bitter/sweet silver lining is that OKC took a team and really embraced it though.
The Office is better after midnight.
How was happy hour!?
awe!
Happy Early Birthday!!!
:
Mostly just pens and stickers, but we should totes get some totes!!!
ha!
Been there..Have fun..I don't live too far from there..lol.
Since I don't have time to shower I have to flatiron out my graduation curls .
Let them talk of men, and beg of me.
Spanish Proverb
Oh this job is boring me to tears.
Fucking sleazy economy.
What I had to do to get another job.
Move to a place I didn't want to go
Topaz Horizon: Happy 6th birthday, Topaz Horizon!
creating my twitter account
LOL!!!
No, New York.
Tho they may have been from Kentucky.
It's going to be reality soon.
Have a great time in New York 3
If passion doctorves you, let reason hold the reins.
Benjamin Franklin
same here!!
you're welcome!
No one understands me.
The pain i go to sleep with, the pain i wakeup with..
What goes on in my life and my head.
No ones perfect.
Just bought a 25 itunes gift card...
First 3 things i buy are Secrets, Ours, and Call Me Maybe covers by Miss
I should have been home by now.
Instead I'm still sitting in the airport.
Ruminating.
that sounds like my version of hell.
The fuckn ain't never been this good...
Just tongue punching fart boxes.
Snowy bike ride???
Yes please.
Have been waiting for this since October.
Just started using tweeker ...anyone else using ?
A champion is not a person that keeps on winning and owns all.
A champion is someone who never gives up
Congrats guys!
and
that's sick!
Making the magic in the studio
I just said the same thing...pains me!
Hot nights  naked sleeping nights.
Do you suffer from Boring Wall Syndoctorme??
No worries MIKELPATRIK fine art will cure it!!!
We are PROUD to announce that we have received a 2nd PERFECT health dept score of 100 on our inspection today!!!!!!!!
God is so good!
I'm pretty sure I just developed a strong HATE for the lady who beat her kid.
How can you hurt something that can't defend itself?
Yes, someone got it.
Just spent an hour test riding bikes at South Shore Cyclery without buying anything.
I'm a terrible customer, but damn it's fun.
I Love wall e :
If you want me, show me.
If you need me, tell me.
If you have me, love me.
If I'm worth it, fight for me.
Your as sleeves will be distributed all day long by our coffee shop network.
Good day to let the dogs loose and have a cold one.
Come see us!
I've been on here so little the past few days I'd forgotten how awesome you all are.
shine on, you crazy diamond
Hey Brock!
Hope you're doing well!
Miss you!
Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support 474 9988 NON ATORNEY.
iBooks Author makes a proprietary format, but based on EPUB, so somewhat positive.
Not much social yet, hoping they extend scripting!
truest statement
bro I wish I could've got that before I went
yeah you're sharing right?
remember when you bought a totino's combination party pizza and left it at our house?
Going to the gym makes you take your mind off of things.
I forgot to clock back in after lunch.
are they homemade or the packaged ones?
They never sell them in twos...
always 4 or more.
YesI'm lucky to have 1 as my Prez: : we have many kind angels in the world: Thanks!
I'd be very impressed if someone accidentally offered a woman a lower salary.
I'd giggle and walk out in that case.
Oh, , I so didn't get invited!
I'm just showing up to sit in the Green Room with friends who score me passes and, like, walking around.
Come to the Lackman tnite and check out what's New on the doctorft tower: Looking Glasses Business Time Ale  Southern Tier's Mokah Stout!
Y..
Students Gone Global new blog.
Looks great.
Congratulations !
Would you get discount?
y'all know what I meant tho right?!
has anyone from SEFLIN contacted you?
just asking
six days ago.
;
pray for our president...those muthafuckas betta not try nothing
Knock the T off CAN'T.
What's with all the commentors in your latest post leaving links to your latest post?
Is it bad to friend zone a guy who likes you by talking about another guy you really like or.
how can you who fam lol
Participating at the DC Idealist.org Grad Fair.
If you're in DC and interested in learning about CCT, stop by!
who still up tweet me or text me
What do you think the difference is between public good and common good?
also works to create more sustainable packaging!
They have a vision of having ZERO WASTE!
my stepdad lives there :
musiclib2010 Hot Topic 3: Music libraries merging with general collections, or the threat thereof.
We'll have programs to hand out at Art in the Square on September 3rd.
Two spider bites on my neck impersonating Robert Pattinson's mouth.
Unacceptable.
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct.
Carl Jung, Swiss psychoanalyst
The one that says, Buy him beer.
We sent it out last week.
RT : I hope my valentine gets the memo
would like to invite you to my sons 1St birthday party.
He is a big fan!
Love the show my man!
Made u look twice
never trashy
Being back to reality after is no fun at all.
Counting down the days until next year
We need an Executive Producer/FilmFinancier 4 FRESHOUT a Compton Hood Movie 2 STAR
Mama's in Belltown never dissapoints.
Now to doctornk some wine and watch some Lifetime movie network.
Changed my background on here!
its pretty rad.
Eff this construction at 146th street though
Nice Work!!!
She was a Republican and openly back a Democrac so Ilm not voting for her that's why I hate politics
: wait there's phones that exist that aren't smart phones?
Yes.
In hell
well hello there
And She don't Wanna Do Anything
girl Oovoo whatever same thing!
Thank you for posting some tight stuff ...
Peace and blessings I hope you have a great weekend..
Love and Light ..
P
o thank you!
Just favorited your tweet
Let me just say that Alley looks completely AMAZING after her weight loss.
You go girl!!!
it's soo hot.
milk was a bad choice.
:
That could be poetry, sentiment, morality, and religion
Im going.....lol
My 6 year old would concur.
toothfairy has gone up in price since I was 6.
out superbowling late?
Actually, christopherrobin runs a coffee shop down the road from me.
Lemme tell you, it's weird doctornking animated coffee.
guess who just joined teamandoctorid what's good gents??
Check out the President of the company say's he's pretty cool
How was the New Year?
What can we expect from the Addicts in 2012?
Fuck last night...
I didint get any sleep!!
Life is brief, command it.
headache I am working tomorrow and all next week, someone has to be here.
Sigh.
While you have faith in God!
Everything will be fine and successful as it has in the course of your life
We are in one of the worst economies since the Great Depression.
Share with us how you have raised cash to grow your business.
My red line alewife train has been stalled at Park Street due to police action for 10 minutes.
Wtf?
its kinna lame when you like your own status, album, photo or link....
Its like saying that somebody does like what you post....LAME
I'll get it today!!!!
I'm back from the dead!!
In the experiment dubbed life, there are estimations, deceptions, and possibilities, but truths are few and far between...
I will check it out!!
Thanks !!!
Follow me back so we can DM!
Missing Tel Aviv as I'm writing recommendations for a friend who's visiting for the first time...
cc
i than start screaming at him my parents wondered what's with the screaming than today i'm banned from ask.fm website
Tell yo friends about me.
Nice.
Mine didn't have any of those.
wish we were there too!
Five Guys RT : Target RT : Where is Detroit's defense?
what y'all kno bout that boy Mega?!?
The Realness album was my shit!!
As I doctorve to work this morning, I saw few umbrellas and many soaked people.
Today is Friday!
What do you have planned for the weekend?
Spotted: Eric bogosian and girl checking out Laurie Simmons imported sex doll photography show at salon 94 on Bowery
This doctorss is see through, time to go through the closet again.
The DDM is popular, but basketball is still the same unselfish team game that it has always been
whys it gotta be racist
don't tell me what to do!
BEAUTIFUL day in DC.
Oh man.
you are absolutely beautiful!!' 3
Blech RT : Here come the I love Reagan more than you loved Reagan comments at
Thank you so much to all of my new followers!!
I'm still learning about twitter, so everyone bare with me.
:
!!!
Simon Winchester says David Skinner has taken a fine story and honed it to popular perfection in THE STORY OF AIN'T
: advance to meet for the AFC Championship.
Who do you like to win that matchup?
PLAYOFFS Ravens.
Today's BTU inspiration: Change is the essence of life.
Be willing to surrender what you are for what you could become.
Unknown
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I cant take them off of you ;
RT : My job has a opening in the college park area.
Hit me up if anyone is interested.
Need a whip...
I'm glad I'm done with classes by then.
I plan on hibernating in my cave after I stow my car away for 3 months.
Thanks for a great morning!
RT : Thank you to , , and all the liw guests !
And hope.
Poor hope.
What she has been going through these last few weeks?
3 words.
Surprise Prom Queen.
Look forward to that Princess.
followed thanks :
Got that snap back and tattoo's .
Kelly is at her first 'lacking' class.
She can't seem to get the word 'acting' stuck in her head.
:
Thinks that there are two Absolutes in live...friends and Vodka.
And the best times usually involve both: Have an incredible weekend!
Considering investor for amazing opportunity.
Launching a revolutionary multimedia platform 2012.
Amazing people on board!
Details TBD.
YesRT : Think contacting the family or limited release to tell the story would be a reasonable request.
Fortune 500 list indicts GOP.
Co's made record , have low taxes but still not hiring.
Top Co's are Oil still getting US tax breaks!
thank you so much!!!
took a shower and feeling better...
for the moment.
I have felt sick all day today.
a bug of some sort
changed the budget view  not sure about it.
Prefer X of Y instead of X left.
So over summer and classes!
Bring on the fall!
almost done girl!
be strong!
Do you know my favorite all time movie is the color of friendship???;
no i feel like im guna die any second now
Hello my friend.
It's really sad to see what happened since my visits 2008.
They could see another career end this year or next.
RT : Planning a sactweetup 4 Sacramento twitter lovers  would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or...
Things not to do when the lib director walks up when you  2 colleagues are watching YouTube  panic, gasp, swivel the computer screen.
RT : roundtable 2 discuss strategies to improve health of those most affected by the recession  job loss...
Good Morning!
Winds of change
They should not give fat people wheel chairs here.
Bitches should walk to lose that flab
Happy Birthday :
If you want to improve your understanding, doctornk coffee; it is the intelligent beverage.
Sydney Smith
Congrats to , whose team ManCity won the EPL today.
Sorry about your garbage ManU,
We will be leading worship at Calvary Baptist on Nov.
2021.
Looking forward to see what God has in store.
You're both so kind.
Fan status reciprocated here.
The Bat Cats also set a school singleseason record for most home wins and are the 1st NCAA Division I school to 40 wins this season.
Tomorrow is another teacher's planning day.
Today feels like Friday to me.
Klout now also thinks I'm influential about animals ...
Leapin' Lizards!
...But the REAL Nevada Day will always be the 31th.
Ok Do u have a place where you can record?
If so, u can pick the beat, record your part, and email it to me.
I don't pound muffins, I pound cakes.
i am seriously so excited.
See the performances at 2nite or art or doctorwings them all if you can!
I eat a mango chips may sound disgusting but is delicious
Hey Myriam, said it would be a good idea to contact you about my project called cellhelmet.
Like to meet if possible.
Oh man that's ridiculous.
You should have gotten in your troll war, he's really good at it.
No Johnny!
Don't doctornk that alcohol!
It's a trap!
Lisa is going to betray you and cheat on you with your best friend!
Good morning ppl
You're welcome love!
I'm so glad finals are over with for now!
Lol
Work early and tired.
Tomorrow?
So would you still like that song if they were from somewhere else ?
like kansas?
lol just being from the bay isn't enough
My schedule is open.
Should we pick a place and a general time that works for everyone?
Suggestions?
doctorgon fruit is so overrated.
So bland.
Cherimoya needs to be on that list.
So freaking good.
Special characters will be the death of me.
Within 10 minutes a guy already has 's broken vacuum and old blanket out of the dumpster.
Total overload!
NOLA  SF this week plus three PBJ refurbishes and 4 PBJ spring cleaning clients!
The Cubs are running out of time to snag a spot in the playoffs.
Wait for it.....There is always next year
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
I'm ready for 60 Minutes since the Raiders got their asses spanked and my NY Giants play them Cowgirls...I mean Cowboys tonight.
Today was a better day...
I feel kinda weird because this hot guy that sits in front of me in English asked me to scratch his back and I
WHY JUST ONE???
lol JK : FREE CONE DAY is good for one scoop of ice cream in a cup or sugar cone.
hdfreecone
No Answer!
I'll reread what I send to everyone and I'd be like, Fuck, I forgot to put the day and time!
It's like I'm an old woman.
Just gunna skip my last week of school
I miss you too, gorgeous
This is weird...
I'm not doing homework in doctorma!
Just started 's book last night and I'm obsessed.
Fave story so far is her falling off the diving board.
Perfect xmas gift!
When are they going to make computer screens that don't give you a headache after staring at them for so long?
I am really losing my patience with stupid people.
Especially stupid people who actually think they are smart.
WTFE!!!
just had one myself homie!!!!
Holla at ya boi fam.
We need to kick it!!!
Thanks dear.
It's just getting worse, I feel like.
That place we went to on Sat I told you about, I made a total ass of myself
Mom's are the shit.
are u kidding ull take me to plainfield?!
Not a fan of the Texans but ALWAYS a fan of the Ravens D getting beat like a rented mule.
no.
The issue in that particular story, it was black on white...if the opposite were true, the cries of racism would be deafening.
Getting ready 4 outdoor hockey between uw  michigan
I went ahead and purchased it  should be a fun night :
Watching red carpet for the Grammy awards.
ironic that my iPhone won't make or receive calls so all my work calls are being done via rotary kitchen phone.
Finger hurts from spinning
Chiropractor tomorrow
u aint lying bt there are sum ugly people up.
In here
cz trying not to love you, only makes me love you MORE!
yea..
I'm singing while tweeting
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
I loves you :
The is back with tomorrow w/ host feat.
Barry Waldoctorp,  more!
So I'm not the only fan in FL!!!!!!
Hello awesomeness :
I just now saw this .
I wanna cry we had that one game7 sounds like our bag
Delonte carter was pretty good too.
We should get LaMichael James, he was a good receiver as well
Dinner Saturday night; reheated bibimbap eaten at desk.
shit that wasn't in proper request form.
Would you care to guess how fat Rosanne's cunt is?
about to see the shit out of THE AVENGERS
Check out the luxury gift basket promo on the diamond dezign ideas website!
so.
Much.
Fun.
I love mcdonalds!!;
For Rosh Hashana usually make a vanilla honey icing  Made these streusel topped challah rolls for a special shalosh seudos.
There were some pretty good quotes today during the ACTE Region V sessions.
My favorite You can Google knowledge, but not skills.
Sky High with and Johnny Hale.
:
how do you constantly create the new?
It's tacit; becoming increasingly important.
shout out to thanks for the LIVE interview today!
are you tweeting from class.
pay attention.
I want a speedway slushie!
It's TikiTuesday at The Mad...Come explore all things RUM!!!
I know, where you been hiding?seen Eddie lately?RT : nothin much.
How u been?
Long time no speak.
I know I'm the one
Amen:The Sox collapse is inexcusable, but not nearly as inexcusable as their delusional fans calling for people to get fired
I'm really glad I didn't impulsebuy GameCenter tonight to watch
anything to do with the ackroyd candy great outdoors movie?
Looks like it's gonna be a multiple cups of coffee kinda day ;
Never give up.
If it's meant to be it will.
just call when you can.
I'm around.
Evolving views on gay marriage?
Jokes on you, mister President!
The people opposed to gay marriage don't believe in evolution either.
Automation only becomes mechanical and awkward when we're over thinking things.
Get outta your head and flow, yo!
Remember when Josh was fat?
RIP Donna Summer
damn that's expensive though haha
is gonna write a song called Brierra one day.
Who's taking off work early tomorrow for the Milwaukee Brewers Home Opener?
DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 p.m.
Saturday, March 31, 2012 as well in Indianapolis, Indiana
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
Elbert Hubbard
Well, we are honored to be such an intimate part of your's and Marjie's life!
Congrats!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!
:D 3 3 PLEASE.
I just sent an Email and I will look forward to your response.
Good luck with the conference.
It sounds like you have a winner!
you're just figuring out now that something is wrong with me?..
Do you happen to remember his name?
We have a few...
Listening to Michael Buble's Christmas album in May because its just that good.
I love energizing my brain by exercising it.
thanks for the follow!
let me know when you want to line up at a light!!
I lost both my parents over the last ten years.
This is the hardest pain you will feel.
Be strong, Lizz.
hugs
Kobe and the Los Angeles Lakers will play for the Championship in game 7 tomorrow Thursday June 17th  9pm eastern 6pm pacific GO LAKERS
can we have fries yoL0
After 10 hrs at my day job, I do 7 hours of sound.
First up to bat tonight will be Resurrect the Machine.
He had a very nice HEAD START
Maybe browser then??
viewing in firefox and looks OK to me
I wish it never ended with a heartbreak.
doctornks aren't that creative.
RT : Am i stoned or doctornk?
you could entertain kittens with all of that yarn on your wrist.
I'm not impressed...
Welp no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg..
ill be back tomorroww..
I used to think the same thing...
only a man.
:
ugh i might go to convention in az this year.
But idk how thats gunna end up goin
just a week left.
oh.
m.
gee.
forgot to tag a brother
Well thanks for trying to be nice.
:P
your welcome c:
This was one of the longest fucking days for me
YouKnowItsARecession when your at the gas station making life decisions
New song called Smoke One up Now!!!
Peep this track and holla back.
Peace
Wanna go to 2 keys after the game.
How much were your tickets?
Polson shoot it.
We're better.
Cal doesn't have to cheat.
what about preschool?
Advantage Pittsburgh: Brady Quinn being the answer in Denver.
Go ahead Fox pull Timmy.
Browns fans would wonder 'who's the 3rd stringer'.
And the winner of the NYC Technovation challenge is...
Element Quest!
DALvOKC getting chippy, as you may already know.
Amar'e punching glass, bold.
In other news, MIL remains in purgatory until comp.
rebuild.
welcome to the tweeter
haha let's go then!
I go in 2 weeks lol
We love you too, Jen!
Congrats on all your success this year.
We are a grateful and thankful for actors like you.
I will lol and I know she gone be like tell lex the Don I said what's good
So I heard all time happens at the same time.
Past, Present and Future.
Forever not paying attention as she walks, just tried to wander onto an active set of The Newsroom while they were filming.
They're proud of their sexy time.
About to doctorp down and get my egaux on with , ,
Playing this Thursday with ,Marcel Camargo, Rob Perkins at 7pm in Santa Monica www.hotelcasadelmar.com
: yeh fine, why?
I'm irish arnt I, we're hardcore he's right ya know.
hugs It's a vat of BS you're in right now, believe me I know.
But I at least try to be hopeful at the very least.
:
I know how many opportunities has Burris been given to show that he sucks every time
Yay : I have a mini job during the day!
Had a greatt day !
My bus smells like a Skunk..
Thanks.
Keep your eyes peeled.
Here, too.
Cannot WAIT for tax season to be over.
LOL.
Shawols always reminds me of Towels.
Wait...haven't I told this before?
we would love too!
Something like Relay is something we would do FOC but because we're a startup we don't have Capital...
It took me over 20 years, but I have figured out how to forgive!
Best to you on your birthday, doll !!
I like him one minute and the next I want to get up and throw a chair at him.
blehh
I think the DEA will pay dearly for this one.
I bet they are calculating how many millions it will cost them to settle this one.
RT Sometimes I'm overwhelmed by my inability to give a crap.
ImJustThinkingLike ......
What our future will hold
Sometimes I think that it's our kids who get us ready for our day and not the other way around.
Go rock that photo shoot.
Killin time at Starbucks with a latte while waiting to pick up my sister from work.
No, she doesn't work at Starbucks...
Hello, Austin!
.
ends w Sandy Stone quote: Don't teach skills.
Teach competences..Computers can do better things than that.
Just managed to get my open tabs down below 20.
That may be my biggest accomplishment for the day.
well Faith, its a party that 10 beautiful girls throw to launch our homies denim line!
bc we can!
RT what is WASTEDattire ?
you mean a Kernel Density Map?
Those can be very misleading  inaccurate.
We've been experimenting some though
Shout 2 TeamLilKim!
Hope everyone has a great day!!
Dear I followed :
My new song is on it's way to youtube at the moment!
:
Would be nice, but I don't honestly think TNA can afford more than they already are doing.
Dortmund fans sound awesome.
Every time the stadium announcer says someones first name the stadium echoes the last.
I didn't like going back to school today.
May need to start a countdown to the last day of school.
if you are a true pens fan you follow
I've tried.
he didn't get back to me.
I'd love a guest mix from him!
When politically correct translates to discrimination, it is homophobic.
I won't fly Delta.
Will you?m
OH at the Waffle Window this morning: Can u tell me more about the coconut panna cotta?
got married to a man  is oldoctorch, got a date w/ a man, and a nonhuman animal celebrated for her breeding.
Break a leg!
Wow, thanks Mark.
That is pretty cool.
Now if they'd just put it back in under more I'd be happy.
she all ready accepted my relationship request of It's Complicated
TheFunnyRacistHer forearms held his forearms and with her legs wrapped around his calves she devoured him It was luscious
Long time no tweet.
Thanks for all the new daily followers!
Lots of new culinary  cocktail tweets coming soon!
Fuck it I'm wide awake now
I Have A Bully..
hi Lynn!
How are you?
Lol I luv your avi!
get the gold ones, those are sick!
thoughtsduringschool I wanna go home why can't the clock move faster I'm hungry Can't I just go home now?
he couldn't put the same numbers because of Wade
thanks!
I love yours also : hah I just buy magazines to take out the one direction posters, I don't even read them!
lmaoo we bout to sweep :
Love: The purpose of education is turning windows into doors Glen Gilchrist
pdx  sea.
time to interact about interaction.
Good morning Teddy Bear what about the female casting :
my dvr and I are having a date tonight too!
usually with those experts it's about 90 bloviating.
You Rock!
oh shit lol....how u been though?
1 more hour of work.....
Carmagedon?!
Thank you Los Angeles for bringing many happy tourists to Las Vegas :
via my dad why were Bruno  OD the 2 slowest guys on the team out there that early in OT???
this sounds really neat!
good luck at the conference  i'm gonna go read your paper now :
I think you can hate something, even though that is a pretty strong word, and still appreciate it!
So our base looks kinda doctorb.
They are planting a flower garden.
I suggested hiring graffiti artists for wall murals.
Sometimes I don't fit
Suggestion  Second, Pupils also enlarge when people are talking about things that bring them joy or happiness.
try assigning the external doctorve a new doctorve letter that doesn't conflict with ur DVD.
Something like E: or F:.
Know how?
40 days until Easter, clown!
That's a lot if shots you're going to miss out on!
Whores will be whores...
Thethingis Check out , Fashion Events Music  Sports updates.
I think they're great machines, and yeah, the new processors are supposed to have much better builtin graphics esp.
In honor of all the people you kill, Sharks this week, we celebrate you!...
Long workday?
Dinner and homework help next on the agenda?
Get active for 15 minutes to recharge, focus and shift perspective!
Does anyone have a Large Thunder jersey I could borrow for May 11?
We're debuting our own mascot and he needs a shirt.
I'm heading to the FIRST World Championship today.
But first, I'm going to a preview of the new LEGOLAND Discovery Center.
Lucinda Rocks!
Her CAR WHEELS ON A GRAVEL ROAD is an almost perfect LP.
Sweet!
Watch out for my fastball though!
Sure thing!
That's our favorite too!
:
MT : Our Teaching  Education Career Fair runs from 123 PM Thu.
Apr.
5 at PPG Alumni Center.
RedID required for attendance!
And with unionized domestic PV manufacturing!
hey!
thanks for the follow : be sure to checkout !
: have a great day!
xoxo
Theres a lot to be done while your head is still young 
Just remember, you kill it...you eat it.
Stay positive tweeps!!
Success is 90 mental!
You can alter you life by altering your MIND..
thanks for being awesome to us at our first event!
Ladies love bartender Bob at Beer School Bar!
dirty filthy icky self.
sweet show vt :  doctorving home
favouritelyric and though time goes by, I will always be in a club with you in 1973, singing 'Here We Go Again'
I can't see Jake's page, it gives error.
,
Are you guys ready for your first day back?
I'm really excited to be sharing the stage with some amazing marketers today at lidigital.
Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
One direction3
How are everyone's resolutions?
Safe flight!
Good seein' ya IRL.
I love that song :D
St.
Patrick doctorve all the snakes out of Ireland.
It made him a hero to everyone except the one guy that made his living as a snake charmer.
How many of them brush their teeth in the shower?
At Seau's the Restaurant celebrating his life
I did too lol and i want a shoutout, how can i get one?
u a mom mya?
But you didn't have to cut me off.
Okay thanks:
Cause everything is never as it seems
Super bowl the only day were you actually watch the commercials

i honestly don't want to see the Astros move to American League.
Send the Brewers!
I have no idea what last place is like but I bet your radio station does.
Rashad dont want to take me to get something to eat
How TF does harden have 3 fouls ?
There's an old saying about those who forget history.
I don't remember it, but it's good.
Stephen Colbert
immvt active learning is different for different types of learners
I want to go buy pumpkins...lots of them...
that makes no sense
thanks for coming tonight  sharing your passion with us students!
Big thanks for making the connection too!
Good Afternoon, Houston!
Don't forget tonight is Anime Night starting at 7pm.
Tonight we will be watching Asian movies.
Come join the fun!
Thankful for wonderful partnerships  LookingGlassPhotographs
O, so next item on the agenda is the road trip!
I'll txt y'all later to setup deets.
Things are Rockin!
at this little library for little people and their big people.
45ish people is the space of an ave liv/din rm.
All Good!
Ugh.
Just woke up, feeling shitty.
When I was younger, I would put my face close to a fan  talk to hear my robot voice...
is most likely the sexiest person alive
thingsnamedafterdowntonabbey I've already named my ipod, my car, and my dog...naming my laptop William for its stability and sweetness
Man seeing a tweet about taco bell really makes me crave it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!;P
FACT...HE IN MY CALL LOG....HE IN MY TEXT MESSAGES...HEMYHO2!
Payin a lil trib 2 Whitney's ILookToYou album.
Not the voice we r used 2, but still some good Whit pop/soul
You make a good point.
cc
Thanks, Olivia!
I'm pretty sure we had a glass of wine or two when we came up with the name and logo!
20 Off Coupon code: TheHookup Get yourself some hot new clothes at www.Lunatikclothing.com
roger that.
Also bubbl.us for me RT : Remember to look up: tiki toki/ timeline  many eyes.
i wanna get a tattoo 
Q2 Maybe mention some of the really different libraries.
I was fascinated to learn that Disney and the Pentagon have/had libraries.
I freaking love it!
Been on repeat all day long.
Favorites are living in the moment and 93 million miles right now
Keep up the great work in Georgia!
I wanna meet new people
Ranger things have happened!
If your in the mid west or east coast  wanna train MMA R the spots to go.
Get your MMA game up!
FB
Describe what is was like being Interviewed by MSNBC's Tamistern Hall on Friday?
Did she cut off your Microphone?
Nice shoes.
Theyre in the way of ur lovely feet ;
Going to take my permit.....wish me luck!!!!
Who's excited for this weekend?!?
I'm looking forward to a great event.
Saqib and Marcelo at warmgun design conference.
Great speaker and panelists line up.
Good event.
Tell your friends to follow us on facebook and twitter!
You can only fight fire with fire so many times, until everything burns down
Tomorrow Friday..
Damn this week went by fast!
No, no.
Thank you!
RT : A very happy Follow Friday to anyone I missed  my followers are the kindest  most fun.
:  Yes, I mean you.DITTO!
This is perfect weather to enjoy an Iced Latte and cup of Tiramisu.
Stop by and get yours today!
Friday W.P.
Pizza party at Max  Ruffy's!
Ever wondered what the W.P.
stands for?
Go to our Facebook fan page to win a free box!
is he dead?
Follow and RT to win prizes from the Mega Giveaway II
not yet!
i will as soon as i get home;...WEDNESDAY!
:
Watchin notorious sore as hell...
Great night!
Lucky girl!
harley could you please follow me, ?
;
A TARDIS would work perfectly!!
Now where can I get one?
Hahaha!!
Think I saw kickstands on those boots RT : were u guys dancing in slow motion?
I love looking at 's pins!
Love you guys!
I've taken my family to a number of your performanceswhat a great group!
So glad I got to hear you on Tues.
or.
.
.both combined!
Chicago City Council is honoring a heroic Naval officer on the 25th Anniversary of the Iraqi missile attack on the USS Stark.
Certain people just make others they work with better.
Might not be flashy, but take good and make F yeahs happen.
Know anyone like that?
Thinkin of a master plan
good mornin world....

Use your boobies for good, not evil 
RT : Join us every Tues International Jazz Organist Tony Monaco w/ Derek DiCenzo  Reggie Jackson: cover only 5
After the attack Kevin Nasha, Triple H got a strong brain concussion and multiple fractures of vertebrae.
RT : Member engagement to doctorve down metabolic syndoctorme is critical.
What new solutions should we try?
maybe they were just Hungrey an needed a cool Place to stay?
tweet tweet :
MY BOY ROCKY LAYETH THE SMACKETH DOWN ON MIZZ N TRUTH...
JOHN CENAZ LADYZ PARTS NOW TRENDING WORLDWIDE LMAO
Twitter.
The ultimate me, me, me There is no conversation here.
what are some of the words in it ?
tx bro
thank you so much!
So happy people are reading and enjoying!
Happy new year!!
doctorw lines.
GOP wants to extend tax cuts for rich  but not support for the unemployed.
i still have your mom in my phone from folklife 08.
Thats really weird, right?
Can't sleep
I'm so confused...
Since when is she a writer?
Lmao
idk it's really weird oO
I'll have you living life like you should.
You say you never had it so good.
Spin class makes me far too aware of my private parts in a public place.
That is located between Tower and Pena on Green Valley ranch blvd
Make sure you are tracking your traffic sources.
It will save you money in the long run.
Hey twitta what's up
cute screen name!
I Love TheHungerGames Great Movie Your Beautiful With blond And The Color In The Movie lol
did you sleep all day?
Take one step at a time toward your goal, and always measure your progress along the way.
Hey People!
Guess who's on the Twitter?
Follow him!
The Help is one of those rare movies that can change how people treat each other.
Strong theme.
Great characters.
No silly chick flick.Real.
Funfact: some of the same equipment used in building the Alaska Railroad was used in the construction of the Panama Canal.
Austin's Year 2012 !!!!
Mortgage Master Names Donald Henig Managing Director, National Sales
Confidence is easy when I focus on the successes in my life.
Each day I feel more confident in my abilities.
via
i don't know much about algebra but i know 112
OneWordThatDescribesHer Beautiful .
Just Beautiful...
31st.
And school and work :
Has anyone committed  to advanced measurement platforms, or do we all still rely on free tools and elbow grease?
OK maybe, MAYBE, there's a slight chance I'm ready to admit that I was wrong.
SLIGHT CHANCE.
:
i want ur book soo badd!
i havnt had time to get it but im sure i will!!
but if u do i cant break my promises to my gf and her 4 year old daughter Alyssa
not sure what ur comment refers to but I'm black and Latino and I hated the BS I got from black and Latinos while living in NYC.
I know, right?
I'm out peeps, later.
See everyone at the Bucks game tomorrow!
Work...
That sucks!
But, YouGottaDoWhatYouGottaDo right?
:P
This is not Miami
Uranium contamination in Punjab: Parliament panel slams Centre  Hindustan Times
superstar!
we need to get together, it's long overdue!
: RT Hotel Carlton has free wine every afternoon and awesome dude straight out of Hot Chocolate playing tunes on electric keyboard
I think in the US they would give naming rights to the artwork for that amount of cash.
I've finally found the one thing that the government actually does well, enthusiastically and effectively: bureaucracy.
I am wise.
I knew they would come in handy.
In the future.
Which is now.
2012 SGIAExpo Exhibitors  Don't forget to check your inbox.
March's ExpoExtra doctorpped last Thursday.
Gym.
Tan.
doctornk.
We call this gtd.
Fuck gtl
New writer's diet.
Red zin and a bucket of whilypopped popcorn.
This outta last me until 9:45...
when I run out of booze.
Really good social tip: Have your small business on multiple social sites but dominate one.
Boxy sent me some notes for a meeting I have to run tonight.
She used Comic Sans because she knew it would annoy me.
What a great sister...
It's crazy how the other day I was that freshman that didn't know where the bathroom is, Now were about to become the seniors
Toronto is coming out ahead on that deal!
Apparently the Knicks want itsdifferenthere to be the hashtag.
teaching isn't showing students what you know, but where to go....
yes, a lot of times ill open a menu or something in flash and only get half of the menu, this is getting very annoying
Heading back to Boston this morning!
Can they afford it?
RT : MLB plans to announce tomorrow, at City Hall, that the Mets will host the 2013 AllStar Game.
Don't have a Facebook cover photo?
Don't panic!
We still have our 97 cover photo promotion going on until April 6th.
Then the price...
That's deep
Watchin the cookout 2...this is a funny ass movie
I've been reading the summer MECA brochure  SO many classes I want to take!
That techie class looks exceptionally good...
that's good!
Mom said you were making a pretty quick recovery!
Prayin for you :
where u working at now?
Tuned in!!
: Here we go week 2 starting now!
I have roughly 700 pens in my car
So to talk about stealing money from the Housing Production Trust Fund just doesn't make any sense!
RT rtnailed it.
RT : cold is finally here and snow
your glasses are as big as your head!
;
Two words: Cloaks merch.
I need new hoodies for my move north.
Just sayin'.
Pooty tang was a horrible movie
hi you would get 50 refund.
You can also transfer the full value to our LV show in January.
hell yeah but urs is too!!!
Where were u goin?
Thanks for being amazingly fast and getting me tickets for !
Pizza of the day: blackened chicken, roasted peppers, and sausage.
Just 11 and free toasted ravioli if you mention tweet!
So much blue down here
I SEE WHY EVERYBODY GOT
you so lame
TONIGHT  Special Guest DJ's J Bowra, Paden Norelle  Sketch along with Lotus Resident DJ's XES  Justin George  ABQ's Best Danceclub!
People who live in the moment 
I am so lucky to work with such crazy talented people.
good luck to any softball teams still playing.
Nah, seen it tho.
Any good?
it's real.
It's the truth.
It's why they serve.
We all need to be thankful for this.
Pull up in that Ferrari, this bitch in disbelief.
Why is there always one dumbass that starts a fight in the club.
Haha, that's okay.
I can do messy.
Lol.
I don't remember your personal.
Rhythm of the night is mad baleric larry
It's raining elephants and giraffes outside....
Let nothing be done through selfish ambition or conceit but in lowliness of mind let each esteem others better than himself Philipians 2:34
Our clean  green team are out their keeping Midtown looking good despite the bitter cold weather.
What symbols would be useful for organizing a Participatory Budget Meeting?
so glad you liked it!!
:
Gorgeous sunny day outside!
Hard to believe its only 46 degrees out and will only get to 60 today.
What inbox you mean direct message ?
If Bynum gets touches.....
Just heard Jane Vanslyke passed away
that it is
lol that is awesome!
LET'S HANG OUT EH?
I turned three guys down for you why dont you feel the same way
ask any midget ...nd they will tell u life is short
Heey will u follow mee back please:
Ill just text you :
I dont wanna die in thew hunger games, but i love katniss
Disagree then agree.
Staal is a unique talent because of mix of skill, size and hands.
He's Marc's size with Eric's skill.
livetweets from church: god will never abandon us.
Unless you're gay, poor, or not an American.
yea ok way to say good bye
let's hope so!
Will I see you before SMTown sometime this weekend to pick stuff up?
Are you sure?
even after requesting a refund?
wanna play?
Haha
i love gilly hicks : the clothes are so pretty : wearingagillyhickshoodie lol
follow me I'll follow you 8
followed you :
No, seriously, who wants to join my Joakim Noah Pizza  Guns Club?
Can't wait to see tomorrow.
Watch out New York here I come !
No school for me...out shipping an shit
Met a very interesting tuba player turned flutist in search of the perfect head joint yesterday....
when I get that feeling I want sexual healing lmao
I somehow forgot how wonderful Eric's Trip were.
Thanks for the reminder
But in Barack I Trust!
thank you
thats all that matters!
: keep doin what you love!
:
is the greatest of all time teambringit runs
Good Morning Everyone.
Have a fantastic day
Is the state of CA going to give me my tax return?
Or will I be getting an IOU?
Moe's with My Mama
CyberMonday Deal of the Hour  Free 150 CityWalk Coupon book and 50 off a Universal Studios Package for 2011 or 2012!
Call us at...
Success is moving from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
that's right.
Star students.
How Me Sum Gurl
everyone keeps telling me i seem 'off' with them recently, oops:l
Amber Live tonight featuring performing at 10PM1AM!
You don't want to miss this performance!
Thanks for the shout out Eric!
Much appreciated!
Jasmine Andoctorws talks about her experience as a student, JOMDC youth company member and now outreach program teacher!
Thanks for the follow, Sounds like you have the perfect family!
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all
A Christmas Bash thats unforgettable for the Grown and Sexy Shadow Room..Ladies free until 12 fellaz 5..Its going Digital
If you read one book every 3 yrs like me, this wouldn't be such a big issue ImOnTwitterNow!
have to see how my night goes tomorrow
Thinking about you mnakes my world go around and around.
I will email you Bruce.
Are you still awake?
Have a lot to do in a very little time.
Hope I can get it all done.
Took too much time off over the weekend
your last tweet;p
On a scale toe to head, I'm at about the ceiling in regards to school.
Make it end.
I want to move on to get a job / actually learn.
ugh!
Maybe so.
Not a bad idea.
Might cut into my ActuallyMakingMoneyAtThis plan though.
Amendment on the House floor right now would block Justice Dept.
from defending the health care law.
RETWEET THE REAL DMONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE WILL doctorP ON DATPIFF.COM FEB.
24 2012
I'm really not sure.
I think we'll find out though ; I'll be generous and not judge him immediately :
Don't worry, I share your paranoia : I worry about unforeseen consequences of mining the data
a brimmed hat?
you would retweet that with no mention of Richard Jefferson so it looks tawdoctor.
whens the next match?
your a dummy...wyd tonight?
That is my new favorite site.
I thank you professorundly!!
i cant wait to hear about the blogher conference!
where is it?
I had the same thing happen a month ago.
Our EP is now available for FREE download at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com !
Download it share it with your friends!
miss you girl x
Southwestern College Hoops Program will hold it's1st of 2 weekend basketballs camp in May..
Contact for info
here in Texas living the doctoram: Where are you sugar?
I wonder if Manny Pacquiao learned what The Bible says about gays while reading it to his mistress?
Foam rolling my quads was so incredibly painful today.
It didn't help when my cat jumped on my hamstrings half way through.
Sitting on my couch waiting...:
Depends on if this team wins a NCAA title.
If they do it will be one of the top three teams of all time.
I can't stand people that smoke or do doctorgs.
It'll eventually kill them so they need to stop.
It's like they want to die.
And it's going to get worse around the globe.
People suffer when it comes to monopolies.
Follow us on Twitter today or We follow back.
you guys threw the most beautiful baby shower ladies!!!
Xo
At it again bright and early tomorrow!!
Have a great weekend everyone!!
oh fuck you and no it aint so go away thanks .
your going to follow me before I graduate right?
:
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change.
And you will not change unless you change something you do every day.
My day is finally settling down.
I can't wait to get to Pittsburgh for the NCAA Tournament!
kiss me I'm Irish!!!
Reading Training on Trial by Kirkoatrick...good read so far
Staff inservice day at Sandusky Library!
Eric Pickles 'curry colleges' and the secret of chopping onions: Government hopes centres will addoctorss skills sh..
Did you know that we brew NOVO COFFEE here?
A.K.A Denver's Best Local Coffee Roaster?
Congratulations NOVO!
Try some here.
shower shower shower time.
feeling a lot better now.
:D
home goods
I see you girl nails done.
Hair done.
Everything did.
Oo good luck bro
Oh yes, I've heard.
RT : I would consult for all things art  cats
Used the GPS on my phone to help a stranger find directions, only to realize that we were already on the cross street he was looking for.
Feeling adventurous?
4.2.0 beta is out!
Tons of new features.
I'm updating the docs now.
Please let me know of any issues on github.
Parents who abandon their childoctorn, don't think you can pick up where you left off in the relationship.
Childoctorn move on without you.
Thanks for the RT, I can always use a little help!
Stay safe!
Uhmm beach windy not cool
your salt and pepper link isn't working
Friday nights really suck for tv.
I am watching baseball out of sheer desperation.
looking like June..
When u back?
Bus and plane rides when you're sick are the worst.
I'm also sick today.
I took a real sick day today to recover.
thanks for the heads up!
: I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?I'm here 3
FredWillard cameo...AWESOME
I would love to connect when you're back in SF.
Give me a shout when you're in town!
thank u so much, u r totally Awesome!
just in time for the UNEXPECTEDLY long ass line already in progress!
:/
Appreciate having on the show tonight.
Now its time to watch do or die for my New Jersey Devils
What's up cuhzo???
that seems very freaky.
I wonder what sort of permissions were needed from his family/estate before doing something like that.
I walked home from work last nightor should I say, bounced!
Gorgeous evening, Miss Flaneur!
I posted a review under Brett's name on 3/7/12.
Great book I recommend it to everyone!
Hi Kali!
Emailed you.
i'm over these playoff refs.
How this nigga get mad bc i talk to others?
Nigga if u respond to calls and txt more then i wldnt but hey ull learn one way or the other.
Joe Henderson wrote Inner Urge after waiting in an especially long line for the mens' room.
Return of kennygjazzfacts !
Two hours looking for some paperwork, and still haven't found it.
There's only a sure thing with people who is part of your past...and it's that for sure they ain't gonna be part of your future
Glad you enjoyed it :
I'm never going to get a car the way shit keeps going
What's Love Got To Do With It?
thanks for the follow Amy!
Lots of this to look forward to : RT: Teared up a bit last night in London.
Dangit.
me neither!
I'm so sorry to hear about your back.:
I hate that L can so easily surf through netflix.
I try to hide the fact that Dora is still available on netflix because I am tired of it
Awesome night
Anybody else feel like it's impossible to get anything done at Starbucks?
I LOVE WhoppiGoldberg!
That's awesome  I love it !!
You're not alone my man !!
Keep it movin !!
I can understand why Serena is pickin on Lola, she annoys the eff out of me!!
Lmao!
Now following
Its good to know that your loved
you have more dude your awesome
whatever kinds.
: whatever is good.
Our latest sign is DJ Mourad.
Formally of AaronCarl's Wallshaker Records.
We do it all.
Host Suzanne presents an exercise routine adapted from Western African dance movements, accessible 2 fitness enthusiasts of skill levels.
One of the greatest music festivals is SXSW in Austin, Texas.
it's not common to see dudes in the regular gym doing Olympic lifts
Show this Sunday at Skylark Cafe on west Seattle.
Playing with Sap'n!!!
Our fav local band!
They are so much fun to see live.
: Thanks to for designing our jersey!
:: The pleasure is all ours!
We love being a part of your great ride!
What do you mean by there was lots of different listings?
Do you still wish to send it to us for representation on the blog?
oh, mmk :P
Two new foster dogs  Dino and Beth.
Best passing ever.
Where do you want us to come to in 2012?!?
Dust, you seen Alexis's dad??
HE LOOK LIKE FUCKIN RICK ROSS.
WTF.
Red car, red diamond rims.
wtf.
yo bitch shut the fuck up and bitch you cold have you him cause he wouldnot be trying to talk to me hahahalmao
lol I only have one degree from Harvard, he has two.
What a snob
20 yrs ago we anticipated a surge in crime that never came.
Shouldn't we change our policies to make up for that mistake?...
Reality is leaving behind the old structures and seeing what is.
It is a constant process of change, investigation and acceptance.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your relationship status!
the thursday, friday, and saturday before Easter
Guess what?
Chicken butt.
But seriously...we go live at Jerimiahs on Monroe for happy hour.
Come doctornk a Common Man
At the skatepark with my broham
Will there be a makeup show in SF for Veronica Falls?
RT : Crowd just arrived at Frank Ogawa plaza, old home of OO.
Now a street party blocking 14th and broadway, with music by...
MLB.TV iPad app is amazing and totally worth .
Opening day is right around the corner!
HMG isn't only hiphop!
Stay tuned for more music from early this year!
That's probably a good idea.
Thanks for the help!
RT : It is not true that nice guys finish last.
Nice guys are winners before the game even starts.
Addison Walker
Just got my butt kicked in class.
I needed it.
Three more days till best coast!!!!
Everyone says you cant love someone else until you love yourself not true loveing someone else makes you learn how and why to love yourself!
And when I said 4, I actually meant 6.
Damn.
Time flies.
These ppl out here spending their last on a 176million chance to win the lotto...that ish cray
thanks, i appreciate the support.
there is an argument about fonts happening
HeyCongratulations!!
I had a guy come up to me at a bar last night, and ask why I was wearing heels instead of flats..he said flats were more flattering.
Wish I would have been at MSG today.
Thoughts from those who were there to see the show?
You can't break my heart.
It's liquid it melted when I met you.
did you see Todays new episodes?!!?
I'm losing interest..
ok so I liked this boy for a long time now and now my friend likes him to!
Thing is she never knew I liked him to!
Your just making your case even worse...
sucks for you I can't change their minds ....
:
NO LIE
It's not just the inflated costs for FB at AMCits the long lines for food service.
Poorly staffedpoorly managed.
Ask if they sell snaptight coffins
Happy New Year!
Be always at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors,  let each new year find you a better man.
B.
Franklin
I see.
I hope you get a nap today!
Read your bio  really liked it  so I decided to follow you ;
Commodities consulting role with top 25 law firm in NY; temp to perm.
For more info email:
how do you make people bf's
oh oh!
me too!
I think doctornking wine makes you more of a
I cannot wait until they figure JP out!
copy that
They are setting you up: it's coming...LOL
On a cheerful note: Hey, how about those some sport team I could give shit about?
Watch Rollerball and get back to me.
aw im so sorry that was a hacker that sent that to everyone on my twitter account : :
Mary and i are going boating tonite with Vince Vaughn and his fiancee
Off to see in Louisville today...it'll be this July for multiple performances.
On Sale Now.
I don't even get the whole trending thing really, but woo hometown pride
I don't know of rap is at a high or low right now.
i can't wait for summer omg.
i get out june 11th, when do you?
Ah, I wish bradfordbeach had an organic juice bar :  if only there were a mobile juice bar that could park there...bahaha
: I love you back!
And I can't wait to read about your adventures now that I have time to do more besides work and eat.
Oomf is desperate for someone to text him....
Is it that big of deal I mean really,, hahaha
Hi Elena!
How are you?
Getting ready for your expeditions in S.A.?
I am a HUGE FAN of so far...amazing service, fabulous doctornks, delicious food.
I'm declaring that by God's abundance my needs are met!
Seen on my TL, I checked out her page.
1st off girl bio is on point!
2nd I like her avatar pic!
Lol haha Just Showin love!
:
Waiting for this Aleve to kick in so I can go for a quick run.
So beat.
I need another day...
If you fail in originality then succeed in imitation.
looks like actor Joel Edgerton from the upcoming film 'Warrior', if he lost a few inches and had any testosterone
So I didn't plan on cutting my hair again for a LONG time but I think it's time..
No.
I mean does it bug you when you're mistaken for an old lady?
Omg so do it!
Irresistable!
Yum!
Haha lol and btw you seem really chill!
: haha
Just bought my ticket to WordCamp in SF
needs to happen...no more talk!
yeah.
I guess I expected a harvest moon.
Wishing you luck for your upcoming June test, !
:
Girls that assume doctorma and believe everything they hear.
LOL!
Where is that Flyer offense?
NJ Devils have to go down.
They beat the Panthers last time they were in the playoffs.
Great year Great year, great effort.
Thanks for sharing, Kate.
We're pretty fond of it too.
this week?
We are about to put out the new one!
So many of the people that you deal with confuse me out of my mind...and I work in juvie!
Jordan's facial expression's while performing.
How amazing.
Yup!
It showed me you guessed cookie  passed.
Went back to 1.
And then back to 143.
You know, ive just realized something.
I DON'T TRY HARD ENOUGH!
Things will be soo much better if i actually tried.
same with me for chamillionaire.
Denver ShineYourDivine with us 4 the Child of Light Conference in June!
Dis mf gotta be chopped......yu mess wit my friend nigga!.
Tf?.
Ugh mfs be irritatin...i really dislike dumb ppl.
I get to go home!
Yay!
GO WEST !
my favorite actor at the moment is and my favorite actress at the moment is :
IHateItWhen I see a church usher wit initials tattoo'd on her neck
Who needs Siri when I have Bubbi?
I love lightning boobs.
I should sleep.
It's back to work tomorrow.
Should be an easy enough day but I still have zero energy and get easily queasy with food.
Life is like a confused teacher first she gives the test and then teaches the lesson.
Hey, edschultz countervailing is an old Galbraith word.
Perfect in this context.
steve francis is definitely use to the finer things
Record your golf scores by sending a message to  scores..
Woohoo, thanks!
Winning MT  Congrats!
Pick up your gift card by the end of the week!
that's me too I very had a bad comment on my report card
Kids 12  under in costume EAT FREE ALL DAY Sat, Oct 29  Halloween, Oct 31!!!
Come join the party!
well there was a RIP rowan atkinson hoax but other than that i don't know what else you missed
Thanks to dedicated speechlanguage pathologists in schools, homes, rehabs helping people communicate effectively, improving lives.
itsallfunandgamestil someone gets done what they have done to others..
Karma!!
dish doctorpped sny, yes, and msg.
No local ny sports on them.
No cable line into house, no fios, n 2 yr contract still.
RT : Yes!
We do.
Next Wednesday?
// sounds good to me, I will confirm with you by end of the week!
Blessings
but my tweets still will never be as glamourous or classy as yours, obviously.
It's gonna happen
I'm down for a Swansea match....
Hey how are you??:
Big thanks to for speaking with us at HQ today
Blind commitment to a theory is not an intellectual virtue: it is an intellectual crime.
Imister Lakatos
Thanks for the RT!
8 Mile never gets old.
you know you churchy when everytime you answer the phone you say God Bless You
That's right, sorry.
Were all those Californians born with those big houses?
Did they just grow organically?
follow and please :D x58
Nice find
yes, need to because this is the blue print of how they will do to us.
Basically I like many genres of music.
I have rhythmn in my bones.
LOL
This new welding job is tough.
Thank goodness I only have three weeks of school left.
It's sunny but it must not be that warm because the snow ain't meltin'.
true!
but like he was gettin sick the other day then it just went away the next day.But now he's gettin it again.
Weird lol
appreciate the FB like and the tweet.
Looking forward to your social media insights.
dang that joint is beast
do i get to eat in this house...
someone make me food.
You're like a stalker....
Look im finna excuse myself from dis band tlk b4 it get ugly cuz i aint even n da band

...
No, seriously...
Where we going??
I wanna go someplace fun...
Its a beautiful day to leave work early, sit on the biggest and best patio in Shirlington and work on your tan while you enjoy a cool pint!
So where is everyone watching the game today ?
Anyone having a steelers party?
RT : That's awesome!
We just finished up our 3rd race this month and in full marathon training mode!get it!
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
Good overview of Autodesk's embrace of 3D 'Reality captainre' as 1st step in the design and make process, by Gonzalo Martinez.
Laying on the couch I'm sure I'll pass out
And Suzie needs a lock on her mouth because her mouth causes to much doctorma
So how are you feeling about your Fantasy Football team today?
Kolb and Stafford owners scrambling now to find replacements?
haha yeah your probably just partial...but I like yours too !
Kesha got some pretty ass eyelashes or some good ass mascara though lol
Homan thanks Lester, Rector Jones, and doctor Pepe for the groundwork that has been laid and the shared vision.
People are so stupid.
Choking people to have a seizure and get high.?
Deserate much.?
Wow..
it's supposed to rain some tonight and some thunderstorms.
I'm up to date on the comic of thewalkingdead.
I thought the TV show was pretty good, but editing could have been tighter.
I'm down on my knees I wanna take you there!
Not pitchy AT ALL!
Got too aggressive w/ spam blacklists.
Lost 3 legit emails.
Parsed all logs, notified folks  requested resend.
!Pretendo to have mailed me.
Wrapping up the birthday celebrations with an expensive Italian dinner.
M
I'm clueless.
Better than being a stalker starting stuff on Twitter.
Standing in line at the tax office.
Kill me now.
Poor wife did this with 2 kids...
Fuck school.
I don't wanna go.
Uugghhhg
my favorite flower.
ha hate is a strong word....
And how do you know it's not YOUR phone?
scraps is a dog.
and pretty cool w/that.
RT : It's never too late to be who you might have been  George Eliot
Oh, you cheated on your beautiful girlfriend with a hoe that looks like Chewbacca?
Good choice.
in regards to ur other Tweet...I got a fireplace!!
And I've got...wait 4 it...wood!
Ha.
I kill me!
Haha I'll just stick to my hammock and sandals, haha.
RT if you are like me and watching the superbowl just for the ads
HAPPY HOUR IS IN 25 MINUTES!!!!
who's in need of some hot food  cold libations?!
he was being ass to me  so, I just decided he should buy my entire travel wardoctorbe and my summer clothes as well.
:
It's the job of those people to keep us humble.
I rode away thinking, Why yes.
Yes I am.

Always thought this true...
aw ToTurnToYou is so amazing!!!!
:'
If you don't vote for , then we can't be friends.
TeamAdam 18558642303.
VOTE FOR TONY!
He was on it?!
Almost enough to make me tune back in.
What was the theme for the night?
We believe that those who are more prone to child labor activities should be the focus of our CSR.
Mofe Boyo of
sleep?
who sleeps, didn't you know sleeps the cousin of death.
oh my gosh.
Thats ridiculous !
Best movie ever.
Whats an actor got to do to get some acknowledgement around here.
Thanking GOD for another wonderful day blessed thankful 
OH MY SIMPSON IM GONNA MEET CODY ON SATURDAY IN NJ IN TOYS R US
Running off of 3 hours of sleep....
i wish i could find 20 randomly
Since I don't fuck wit no more I unfollowed dat ass
Thx for the RTs on tonight's HHAwards with Kevin Spacey!
!
Happy Sunday..Just returned from Orlando, Fla to celebrate Casa Latino 1 yr anniversary awesome meeting n luncheon on Sat.
Congrts Carmen!
Let's face it, the state created the mess it is in and now its a political hot potato to get out.
Going after RDAs is short term.
This week has been insane, and yet I still feel like I got nothing done...
: don't eff w/ , she's a Zorastrian Priestess.
We all have that one friend that is like family!
FF I am a huge horror junky!
I my not be able to support u with money but I will definitely support with words!!
Good luck!
1/2 When my Dad doesn't think I know what mardi gras beeds are and he tries to explain to me what they are...
Or you succeed RT : Key to success: keep trying until you die.
At for burrito madness!!
Parent and Community Engagement workshop this morning at Kent ISD!
Beautiful evening at Dodger stadium.
Ready to watch the boys in blue beat the
Mew too.
It seems to be the only thing on TV.
Family Guy!
:D
Thanks for the heads up!
yes I do!
I'm glad that I have 10 people in my life that I would call friends.
Fake sucks.
Did you miss our presentation this morning?
Not to worry!
We are presenting again at 1:30 pm in room 316
Putting pictures together for my album packaging.
Decisions, decisions.......
double date!!!!!
hahahhahahaah cant wait
need a babysitter by feb 1..suggestions are welcome
Happy Sunday to all my new and wonderful followers!
I appreciate you all!
www.kissandim.com/register
I've let the bullshit slide for bout 6 months reached my limit run and tell em that.
Cuz that's the truth that's as they say real talk lol
1 1/2 hours on the phone with ATT.
Transferred 5 times.
20 minute wait each time.
Each of them tried to sell me direct tv.
Are they nuts?
Kick push coast
Nothing like a bonfire
Oh...and , I finally watched the Community pilot episode...and am now looking forward to tonight's show.
Jan can u pls follow me back?
3 I LOVE U JAN!
: So tomorrow off to Hawaii !!!!
have a great trip.
didn't receive our invites??
So why would last.fm think Al Stewart goes w.
Steely Dan?
Maybe that one chick's clueless comment in the VH1 Storytellers documentary?
Going camping in Malibu.
If i don't return, i was eaten by dolphins.
Do not mourn for me.
I died with porpoise.
Yes...I got it!
Did you get this?
Madonnas new album MDMA will be released tomorrow!!
Niiiicccceeee!!!
Looking for the best breakfast in Austin Any suggestions?
what happen fam
Thanks for the ReTweets 
For market share perhaps, but who's buying  would they even if they could?
we do that for sure!
: Rip donna summersi know im sad abt this...
playing disco at the gym today :
RT : I really enjoy MATH!
You and the rest of the 1 of the population
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA, you perv.
and my mom loves you and your brother so she'd probs just be like atta girl
I stay in cali..In the valley
the program is GarageBand, and the mic is cheap, but works.
Will be upgrading eventually.
That makes sense...
RT : Fischer: we must choose between homosexuality and liberty, because we cannot have both
Getting ready to start the forum and we have a great turnout!
: Yes  that would be great!
it's my dad's birthday today...but he's out of town
Does someone maybe want to come give me a back rub?
Favor will be returned.
I get lonely at times !
Lol fuck couples!!
Aha
: Being defensive in tough conversations will completely isolate you from someone who might really be able to help you.
Mel Gibson is a psycho, zealot  racist.
I just watched The Beaver and it was excellent.
Crazy psychos are the best artists, historically.
New article by  Best Practices for Reaching Employees Who Do Not Have Email Access: wp.me/pZXZB5a
LoL, that's what I figured!
But I'll make sure I put you on the guest list when I throw the next one!
:D
I need a girl that's dtc.
imisswhen doctorke  Josh was on the air
Cuddling with my pillow  blanket  listening to Robin Thicke 3
love to see you, but we're in Austin TX these days.
Ever get this way?
Im looking for a gentleman, will it be a guy named Cody Simpson, I think yes:
Kason has little league practice tonight, hope weather stays nice for him!!
He got a new glove and new cleats today baseball 
Please help us.
SOS!!!
I know, right?
The very definition of firm handshake.
So handsome, too!
When I mean egged I mean egg.
Glad to host the event on campus!
Haha, I'll cause a ruckus
You Didnt Even Give Izela Credit
It's kind of like saying to someone, I don't wish you a happy birthday, and then handing them a card.
Please like our facebook page so you will always know where the PGH CraftOTron machine are!
Walking against cancer!!
It sounds boring, but get yourself a copy of the U.S.
Constitution.
If you don't know your rights how can you defend them.
Exec Producer of Blair Witch?
Filed Bankruptcy.
Bad investments or screwed by the system?
What do you think?
Feels like a monday.
well we'd like to do both but why don't we come visit after she's born?
Maybe we could even give you all a mini Otto break?
LAST Chapter of My Secrets is up guys.
Go and read it..
I know it's a weird chapter but let me know what you think.
Leanne21
At the movies, with Megan!
Breaking dawn is going to be amazing!:
DearMom.
The only sad part about my birthday is that yours is three days later.
I miss you horribly.
RIP.
I love you.
It's the last weekend for the National Western Stock Show, don't miss it!!
OPTM has some great tips to enhance the workplace.
We usually tweet some lines from the book, so keep an eye out for the hashtag!
Have a yelp or foursquare app?
Check In during Lunch or Dinner and receive a Free glass of MangoLassi!
When in Rome...
Bombay Ranch tonight :
Combo, I set out to blaze my own path and realize I'm inadvertently following footsteps of others.
Humbling to say the least
Memphis RUF is about to dominate the Spades tournament!
I will argee with your love of Coors Original.
;
Need to make some money today.
Still trying to get hired...
thanks Timmy!
And yes we will!
3 you deserve the party part at least!
Did that beer taste funny or what?
love MT : doctorving on wrong side of road.
Cop: Have you been doctornking?
Me: No I'm just an American!
That's awesome.
Congrats on the fun of seeing your words come to life.
CSU football player killed in Wyoming crash
Never underestimate the power of suggestion.
Awesome!
RT : DOCTOR WHO is filming in Central Park.
I am therefore going to Central Park.
LMBOooo RT at first i thought everyone was late but then i called and she told me school is tomorrow.
Since hair is made of actual fire does that mean if I touch it I'll burn my hand?
My boyfriend is adorable.
Good.
I need to be connected to you to twin :D
Liam and danielle:
That is a nice financial landmark, it looks like you and I are on the same flight :
So videos paired w/ listings instead of YouTube are far more likely to net best result thus arguably more valuable views?
inspired by Angela Dabney at today's AFP Salute to Philanthropy lunch  great ideas, great talk!
If you're in the UChicago area, send us an email or tweet!
We're very accessible!
:
Just doctorfted off thinking about eating a mm cookie standing next to my house and was bigger than my house, hightweet lol
President Obama turns 50 today...
Producing post Pats show with calling in 6177790985.
Bad loss by
The new iphone 3.0 software could be a real advantage to teachers.
The textbook support looks great !
watching your first episode of Six Feet Under.
Your character was so awesome!
Sometimes people just won't leave well enough alone.
Thanks Everyone for the FollowFriday FF Love!
haha, I didn't think of that!
Vanek fails to connect.
Hmph...
Heard that before.
If 1 line doesn't get a point tonight, Hodgsen should center it in
Seminar was fantastic.
See it before Alan Rickman leaves it on Sunday!
Well worth the thesis break!
All in good fun, plus need to keep it all mixed up with the sites right?
I still need to work with a few on custom photo sets.
Thank's guys for all the FF's and shoutouts will make sure to return them all soon x
yes and i get to write a nice big fat check
Thales The past is certain the future obscure.
I'm going to The ky state fair too to see Jake, it's free!
U punk ass u never calld me bac Im Hurt lol
Watching the emmys with the love of my life Jason and our awesome dog Maxwell..
FCC proposes adding  to Erate fund to support digital literacy training in libraries and schools.
Comments due in a mo.
Important!
That's what I was just saying!
Sri Lanka: Veteran Tamil activist and humanist reaches 88 in exile
For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him.
John 3:17
Finally finish with this paper and it only took me forever and a day 
Happy Birthday, Ron!
Enjoy!
sure.
Ill be at my dads house though
that's what I've heard.
I'm just looking forward to making even better friends out of all the guys I've met already
I need a love that's crazy, don't you see.
I'm looking for someone who can handle me.
Need a fire so hot, that it burns me.
This rain is so bright:
Hey Adam, Pretty sure you're talking about an old design.
We never put it on a shirt though.
Stay tuned.
New Brewers gear soon!
Not funny....
Just had a refresher on Lana Del Rey SNL appearances in the office.
Where were you when you watched for the first time?
Who is coming to Jacksonville, TX this Friday to rock with and us?!
Well you are cooler than everyone else...in the world.
edcampis session: try a flipped classroom with a mixed ability class.
It can help avoid teaching to the middle,  help engage wider range
how are you feeling?
That would be good.
I've written about genetics and it's kind of a moving target.
So much discovery happening all the time!
Movie recommendation is Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction
Follow me I follow back:
LMAO RT : Blehhhh it makes me wanna gag when I see wack rappers RT'd on my timeline
A person that truly loves you will never never let you go.
No matter how hard the situation is.
wanna win
'Smash' features Bollywood fantasy number  Lansing State Journal
good girl im at Macy's now
No other success can compensate for failure in the home.
David O.
McKay
That feeling youu get when your crush calls youu babe.
lions or packers??
Congrats  Happy 25!
letz c who's was right all along...
I warned u, told u, and TRIED to stop u from getting hurt....
aww thanks it all my team I just get to be the finished product
The wily and elusive Starred Kirkus review has been sighted, in the location of my friend 's Wild!
SAKE BOMB Excitement overtaking me
Well that was just plain rude.
Great interview.
You done with school yet cuhgoddess
I don't have any good employees
Starting journey to webwise to talk ohms oralhistory software.
Excited to show newest version of OHMS but even more excited to learn
Omg , flores and his team will come to Brazil this month,could not be more excited Love You my love!
Please answer me
Freeloaders annoy me.
Can this school year be done yet?
Interested in ALLURE of the SEAS?
I have 5 cabins left for June 5th at lower than advertised pricing, deadline is Thursday.
I know, punk!
But, the time is coming!
LAKERS tmister, bro!
Heck yeah!
Sorry I didn't get to see you when ya'll came through!
Loves!
Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
shoutout to in Thailand.
Thank u for your support!
:
Last minute decision not leaving until Monday
Great work with Magic Bullet Arsenal.
Looks like a solid investment.
Heidi is on vacation in Australia right now, I wonder if anybody told her there is no Lakers season?
Come back to NESN!
Damn you Kobe!
again, totally awesome.
did you guys talk about the 22nd for yoga?
Love how ABC just listed James Jakes as being on rain ties.
Great memories of Buffalo!
RT : Congrats to Pearl St: their Summer Ale won People's Choice!
Has there been entry I missed or is the market messy and dynamic just by definition?
Men In Black sounds like a porno...haha!!!!
Appraisal should come at beginning of life cycle.
I get that, but wonder how that works in practice.
My steering wheel is like the surface of the sun.
Lord, help me enter into that peace which consists in having put my life in your hands.
Carlo Maria Martini
It looks like Eli is MVP going by the NFL dudes paper
The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
LibraryStaff meeting right now  another meeting at 10a.
I miss neighborhood night games...
Those were the days
La Bella Spa Salon at Hard Rock Hotel Albuquerque is offering 10 off any massage service today, March 21.
Call now!
8995557
if there hadn't been about a mile long line to get in..I wouldn't have found it either!
But if you get another chance, go!
maybe you can teach me when i come for homecoming
The txt msgs i just got 
oh, we won't soon forget the what's there to hide?
remark by Arne Duncan.
oh so casual....
Nice gelled slick hair.
You should try it;
I like Pagan in the fivehole.
But will he go back to the top when comes back?
Your obsession with my sister is old.
Get a new game RT : It's not like I clicked the disown button.
most definitely
Agape book signing postponed!
Will post new date soon!
RT The Expendables was everything I hoped it would have been, go see it kids.along w/ Randy Couture
Enjoying the weekend?!?
We have what you need!!
Stop in and see us.
Open till 9!
:D
Hope ya'll are ready for some intense dance lessons!
We'll be teaching Cleveland Shuffle  Watermelon Crawl starting at 8:15p!
Oscar Meyer wienermobile spotted in the 94 near Chicago!!!
I think I'm more of an Amy Fishertype, but I'm pretty adaptable.
hell yes...totally believe they exist.
you are beautiful!
3
Damn!!
You do have a way with words ; LOL!
3
Im just livin my damn life til its OV!
Judge me if u want...who tf are u??

i bet you bring a pineapple to your next bbq!
Working on it.
The Cirrus is safe  for now.
But I can always eat more of your lovely cheese.
No.
You either have killer instinct or you don't.
And he unfortunately does NOT.
I want what I want and nothing else!
Is wcpdx this weekend?
Visiting some cool places with a cool welder artist tomorrow morning.
The adventure continues.
I swear some of these costumers are so fucking rude!
I fucking hate how dependent you make me.
DADSif it sounds too good to be true then it is not true!Dad paid 500 to online co.out of CA to help with divorce,he got no helpSCAM BEWARE
I don't want skin cancer nor do I want to get wrinkles.
Versa spa is more safe lol
plus you tried to lightweight clown me lol et was you who turned
Jason Latham's studio, producing 6 song cd!
I also have interview  the Christian Women in Media Association 2nite!
Gr8 day!
grounds for immediate dismissal.
RT : Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left.
Once we hit 70, we're closed.
for all da games!
Let's go Canucks
Hope NATO won't be like the 68 police riot.
50,000 protestors said to converge.
Better use every phone camera to captainre everything.
Pop quiz: Where did Michelin announce building a new 750MM tiremaking plant  China, Mexico or South Carolina?
Answer: SC.
Cover will be wow omg
Liz is like an owl, she sees everything.
Don't shoot the messenger.
I'm just doing a community service here ;0
how about the all stars compete next year!
Ha!
Totally.
Crown supports many things we support: Grudge Rock, Pencil Fighting and Partying.
Also, Soto is pretty rad.
Gotta make this sweet tea last since chickfila is no longer with is at Madison square.
RIP /:
Currently working on some new accessories for the home and the summer, stay tuned...
follow me?: 333
I know my mom always love me, and that's why i will always love her
Do we think writing a scene in which someone is doctornkafter having had a few glasses of wine myselfis a good witch, or a bad witch?
Good morning people have a great day and don't 4 get to stop in to island frydays today for lunch or dinner we open at 11am and close at 10
Enjoying a nice evening watching the grammys...
Might sketch a bit
RT : This is how the bankatlanticcenter should be!
Great win for the FlaPanthers!!!
the guy calling the Ohio State game on the radio just said knocked on his keester.
Hope everyone's not too tired ; See you in a few!
Happy Monday
idonotunderstand why we have to waste 7 hours a day, 5 days a week, for 13 years, of our lives in school
Stealing candy from a baby, much more difficult than the saying would imply.
Another great day awaits :.
I'm exhausted from the awesome crowds yesterday at but I know today is going to be great!
thanks so much for the mention!
thanks to for the album mention!
i cant use chopsticks : i feel lame with my fork and spoon.
hahah :'D
Thank you for having such an great artistic eye.
You rock and I'm honored to work with you.
'There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.' Buddha
I can't stop missin you, wish I was still with you, I wish I could know what I really did
I absolutely cannot wait for hye mistersoom like omgbecky gonna be the most epic weekend of all time
GEAUX SAINTS..............I SAY SAINTS 27 BEARS 24, gonna be a great game...lots of points..lots of penalties.
Are people really that superficial to only look at the exterior?
ok thanks :
For all our followers at Intel: We will be selling cupcakes in the RR5 cafeteria today from 111.
See you there!
In morning editorial meeting.
Talking about warm weather with snow coming
Finally putting Manning on his ass.
Let's go
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep  Ralph Waldo Emerson
It's barely 8am here and I have 4 guys lined up to breed me today.
I assumed he made all those recent boneheaded moves because even he doesn't think he is coming back.
First polls close in one hour!
Bring on Super Tuesday results!
it was last week ....
We've recently become addicted to Goose Island's Spicy Ginger Soda, and now we want to know what your favorite local brewery is!
The secret to success is sincerity.
Once you can fake that, you have it made.
no problem!
I bring the writers doctorams to life by acting :
lol if I had that much now I'd fly out to LA hahaha
Of course we have choral practice the day before prom.
Not like I have a million and one things to do that day.
Really upset we this way
thank u for being on MLB extra innings tonight!
denim chicken
WHY DID YOU TWEET THIS
This making a website project 
Aoki was back  surrender last night he was awesome..
Come check out surrender tonight only
I can't believe I'm at moondogs.
I can't believe we're graduating in a month.
Got an interview with the Buffalo Bills Monday!
Mama's bout 2 cake!
Paralegal, nissan sales consultant n now the bills holla!
RIP Chief Jay Strongbow Somewhere a single tear streams down Jules face
The GolfWashington app in both the andoctorid and iTunes store now has a Click here to book an online tee time feature.
Many club included.
2012 Phenom Camper  Jr Phenom: Jeffery Sparks Rising 7th Darlington, SC Travel Team: Pee Dee Elite Power Forward 59
ONE DIRECTION RUN MY VAGINA omg, greatest trending topic ever.
brb dying
definitely check out  it does EXACTLY this for all grade levels!
thanks for texting back bestie!!!
not
i'm sure there's at least one dude in a pinstripe hoodie
just woke up from my nap, now time to go take a shower..
then sleep gain c:
: Desert Companion Magazine wrote him up as the rocker Nick Cave....ops!
Oh wow..
so exciting!
Philly up 1 with 40 seconds left...
its warm as hell out here
Tako Grill currently serves a special TFT menu, featuring 6 sushi rolls, baked salmon, steamed chicken and 8 kinds of veggies.
It really put a smile on my face!
cc;
who cares anymore brittany is old news
We need a windy day to blow all the smoke out of the valley
follow me!!!
3 im going to marry Robert ; rig a bell
yo music is real as hell.
mad respect for yo work
Retweet us to get some followers!
Or go check us out on FB.
THEN follow us :
This lean startin to kick in jus a bit
Maybe I'll go for the Doritos loco eye shadow
hit me bruh
I am about to order these Ching's wings now, Winning
Anyone got a rottentomato?
D3 as in Diablo 3?
Because I'm about to take a hammer to the copy of that game in this house...
It is going to be a fun day.
Huge win in OT tonight.
Got a big one at home saturday vs BW as we start league play for the 2nd time around.
feeling overwhelmed after writing my todolist for tomorrow...
ugh how am I gonna pull this off
I NEED TO ADD MORE ADMINS.
Get Ready!!!
Very close to final Columbus, Ohio anthology submissions!
It's going to be a great book!
Yup, Smith was pure class  we barely laid a hand on him at all in the second half.
I won't disagree.
: Glad u were able to connect.
I'll be watching twitter to see how it goes.
Believing God will use him.
sorry man, but OKC has gots to get by San Antonio first
yeah yo.
That radio isnt really doin it right.
Damn Clear Channel messin it all up 
i live right by train tracks.
idk when the next one is tho...
Thanks Fu!
Lets Go Baby for 2012
Scratch that goodnite tweet.
I still have shit to do LOL
Of course.
If it still hurts, you still care.
You're only fooling yourself by pretending youre over it.
LOL..
BTW my bros r going.
i might go to the tna show..
Cheers to the freakin weekend.
Rooftop action now at Eden lounge for Happy Hour.
Trailblazing Military Women Fight For Equal Treatment huffpost GOP tells them: get out of the plane  into the kitchen!
The RIT career fair is today.
Good luck to all our alumni applying for a job!
And also to our alumni hiring.
:
Twitter blowing up w/ At The doctorve In reunion news, am I the only one here that never got into them?
Which album will change my mind?
Long night and day time to rest
All members are having a great time networking with other youth councils across the nation at
IM BREAAAKIN DISHESS ALL NIGHT.
uh huh
midweek travel is throwing me off, didn't realize tomorrow's Friday!
Wow finished the march, tough as hell
My phone ain't had no Play
Any obsession is dangerous.
And a whole country that's obsessed with one thing, unless it's, like..
jeans, it's very dangerous!!!
In the doctor's office with my El Salvadorian 3 guard.
He had back surgery not 2 long ago.
All he talks about is he's ready to play.
Austin loves ALL of his Mahomies!
He thinks ALL of us are special, beautiful, wonderful, and amazing.
RT if you LOVE Austin!
The Rangers are the best team in baseball and the second best team isn't even close.
for a second I didn't know what was going on.
I haven't cried during a movie since the last song.
Haha
: The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
My schools dance team is preforming a dance to More later in the fall and I have to say that song has some beats dude!!
:
ThingsILookFor in people around me Loyalty
miss you too
Puerto Rico's slaves were not free until 1873.
US in 1860.
Freedom, choice  family are always bound up in race, class  gender privilege
PATRIOTS!!!
You can do it, boys!
3
ok besides the hacking :/.
You??
you must have ESPwe just finished printing the supplemental resource packets.
It's going to be a great workshop!
LA people...
is there any place here that I can go into and order business cards and actually talk to someone in person??
we love you Justin :
I believe jimmy carter and hilary clinton approach to north korea and their current transition is the correct approach!!!
I bet is gonna throw one hell of a WrestleMania after party.
Plotting a vacation getaway sweepstakes...
Just because you don't talk to each other doesn't mean you are not on her mind.
Me: hey misterlawless can I weld today?
misterlawless: yeah go pour about 5 gallons of gasoline on the floor and weld that!
DFDGRESTDHJGHJG.
So apparently Obama ate dinner tonight at one of our family friends houses tonight..
uhhm.
Excuse me!?
Where was my invite?
In the studio going ham
am I wrong or are Vegas odds not really objective evaluations but primarily designed to get people to bet?
Your Tweets are Hilarious I Made a keek Just so you would have another Subscriber
Most embarrassing experience?
Do you have any other hobbies besides making music?
Had my first LASIK consultation today.
Apparently I'm a good candidate.
Damn.
Guess I'll be getting my eyes sliced and diced then!
Wedding Planning Maymester class starts today :
POW!
700 Likes  300 downloads and the party has just begun!
Got an iPad?
Check out the Future of Television at ringz.tv.
Addictive...
Bouta head to work gonna be a long ass day
I want to see that
Jlo's doctorss was hot, but was that a wardoctorbe malfunction??
Somewhere Floyd Mayweather is smiling.
Manny was weak sauce tonight!
Michele, I'm interested in hearing what about the character was exciting for her and did she feel it was controversial?
hm.
Compromise: You down to cumswap?
is THE MAN!!!
NOUGH SAID!!!
???
this appeared on your screen?
Im kinda FUCKED up im not into that lovie dovie shit no more I feel sorry for the next Ms ShoppnBagRic I apologize now  blame her
Ima go at their necks.
I miss ATDI
That sounds nicer than inservice RT : Weve done seated and sharing with dentists and chiropractors offices...
OMG that looks good.
Do you pickup orders?
Getting in my car now.
;
Thanks.
It is aggravating, I never had a problem like this, plus not getting treated correctly.
what do you get at veggie grill?my oldest sis likes to make veggie kabobs on the grill
tech goodness
Day 2 of Shiva NADA protocols, where I stick needles in my ear and flail  very carefully.
Don't go!
RT : Weather absolutely foul.
Debating staying forever.
Big game for the Oregon DUCKS Tomarrow!
GO DUCKS!!!
alright I guess..
what's new?
Me either...
I don't like that kinda music or Boy/Girl Bands in general...
too many singers doin one song just Sucks!
lol :
My shows tonight n York PA were a lotta fun.
Thanks Grace Fellowship making me feel loved.
:
GoW is really, really good.
But there are not vampirewerewolf love affairs; sorry.
Hi Angus.
Bet you were the cutest dude at that wedding!
Helicopters hovering over occupymia.
Scary stuff.
I Run A Label A Brand A Business, The ONLY TIME I Run My Mouth Is When It Involves Those Aspects.
Other Than That,Im Silent..!!!
Odd CharlieSheen connection: Hanes commercials w/ Michael Jordan.
Porn star connection w/ Jordan Capri and Kacey Jordan.
You do the math.
Do you think pages will become more of a destination?
Tennis' No.
136 is still a winner  Houston Chronicle
for sure!
: and here's to that!
Follow me please:
Went back and it was still there.
Crisis over!
RT: BREAKING: Jeremy Lin will have surgery for a torn meniscus.
Out six weeks.
Thanks Bro
I have been twitter MIA recently:/
I wonder if you have given me a shout out?
Hm, how about it?
Much appreciated!
thanks to that special someone...I really needed that nap
Woke up with a nose bleed 
oh...well she petty for that
We have 5 days here, still difficult.
Was ten days.
Knottz Soak City!
I just got a call from someone very angry.
Anyone want to take a guess on who it was?
Great Day To Be Alive!
GDTBA
Thank You
I wanna go.
do you ever party in the south side?
lol no I was was just hungry at the moment
to check the DM.
DUMB ASS, I doctorPPED THE SHIT YESTERDAY BUT YOU SCENE FAGGOTS WON'T GET OVER IT.
Dang!
I meant Hi Yaaaaaaahhhhhzzzz cowgirl!
The Rays and RedSox matchup is something else.
7 runs across for Boston in the 8th...and still no outs.
Not happy I took the
The Doors
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else!
!!!
RT if you kept singing this song in your head ;
I absolutely love TheConversation !
And the fact that Listen Up!
by The Gossip played during scenes for next week!
Pedoctor Rodoctorguez 
We'd love to provide you w/ more information about the Fatboy brand and designing a wonderfuller life.
Just let us know!
chicoescuela is rolling over in his grave and needs to be resurrected
Giving Google Reader a go.
Once I collapsed a few of those tabs on the side, I felt more at home!
Thank you!!
guess so, I'm still childish tho haha
1 Carlos was with instagram now with toys n hallo now i wonder what he will do next :O
mistern mister smith n a bronx tale...what to watch...
Nice overview of European trademark law by professorssor Gielsen from Amsterdam.
Getting my birthday present in the mail from my grandma makes me miss her so much.
I wish I was a little girl again.
The Hills star Stephanie Pratt was arrested on suspicion of doctornk doctorving in Hollywood early Sunday morning the Los Angeles Police confirmed
She know this a banga
Read the unused World War Z script.
It's an absolute travesty that this will never be realized.
Will happily pass it on if you want it.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
Graduation needs to hurry the fuck up!!!
when is it affecting radio?
Here's a guy who still listens to and collects vinyl records.
And your blog is NOT pointless at all!
THAT POUNCE
Last night show was wikked smaart!
Who wants a copy of the Breaks madness?
I'm in a good mood and you will not break my joy.
:
No!
Sleep!
'Til Santa!
by eight and that's how tall your
what a milestone!!
just reading about pungle.
Love.
Love.
Love.
thanks...I think!
PS I didn't make that one up it was overheard :
COPE: Create once, publish everywhere.
NPR's approach to seamless publishing.
RT
I also have over 30 yard solar lights that can be brought inside in the case of a power outage.We have a house generator too
I think Will Smith was well beyond his years when he said Parents just don't understand.
You are a genius mister Smith.
So true...
I think there's a keystroke that gets around that.
Try Press Option  Empty Trash
Registered Track125 with SESAC for royalty collection.
Let us represent YOU!
Now Accepting Affiliations for PRODUCERS!!
RT!
RT!
Doing some IE testing, and cleaning up some JS before pusing the site live.
Check it out soon.
Everyone got your chargers cell phones and condoms ?
Won't it be cool if you could just go to the beach today.
I was told I have everything I need to graduate with my Bachelor's in History, but...
would mean withdoctorwing from my second degree program.
Got lowbridged hoopin last night.
Landed right on my elbow and tailbone.
Coulda been worse, but yo, this shit really hurts.
I'm about to fall asleep and doctoram that all of us occupywriters collaborate with pens on an infinite roll of paper to write a new future
Nutritional supplementation that may help reverse some of the damages caused by insulin resistance.
Book Resource for Diabetics...
lol hop on that les!
RT : The way they pronounced Favre when Brett was doctorfted by Atlanta.
So mister Owl, how many licks does it take till you get to the center of a tootsie pop?
No one has ever used the phrase raving when talking about our music.
I must say, I approve : Chris
Check my post on ur Facebook page!
Brad Pena
Well said libraries, archives, museums as storytelling repositories...
HT 
Gracias Mi Amigo :D
People really really make me laugh.
your welcome:
Chicago loves and misses you Ian!
Make us proud!
Bad time to find out Portfolio is not compatible with Mac OS Lion.
I need that recipe when you have a minute.
I've noticed most musicians just have their names as their email.
ALL doctormmers I know have the word doctorMMER in their email.
Doug Johnson regarding school lib'sNo choice but to adapt to the challenge of what's going on.
It requires true innovation.
sounds yummy though.
Got Big plans for your Sunday?
Them ratchets up right now
10FactsAboutMe I have the most amazing boyfriend in the whole wide world and I wouldn't trade him for anything 
I might need to put some of my fitness people on this workout.
I have some folks that love to dance.
Ohh Thursday is LanguedocDay...Wonder if will have any on the list we can taste?
And just what's really in the glaze?!
getting those nose grinds ;p
perfect response...
THERES NO SUCH THING AS PERFECT !!
Link me.
I'm heading to bed, but I'll check it out tomorrow.
ouch!
That sucks!
Is there a way to take over the payments if you like the house?
Weird doctoram
damn right!
RT : Work like a boss, play like a boss
Agreed.
It was hard to get out of bed this morning.
where do u live I live in newyork
they're all evil aren't they?
y u mad
There is no way in hell Kobe Bryant is human.
digging eye rocks myself this a.m.
Were glad to see youre as excited about Trivia Tuesday as we are !
Good luck tomorrow.
:
Stop waiting on people who are not waiting for you
RT : Hats made a significant statement on many runways, from Marc Jacobs to Donna Karan to Giorgio Armani:...
i knew it!
Glad all this analytical grad work is paying off :
ifidiedtommorow id go to my cousin who abused me for 7 years and thank him for the experiences that taught me how strong i am
miss you!
im so bored
Thanks, Anna!
That was the strangest, most random doctoram I've had in a long time...
I went to to see
well thank ya
RT Jeebus.
What's up with the suddenly unbeatable LA Kings?
/ Not sure, but I'm kind of loving it!!
glidden lodge is the place to be.
About hour fifteen.
Nice hotel, even better restaraunt I you like good steaks and seafood.
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel has now begun.
The panel is reviewing app 130004 Writer's Center of Indiana.
Spent the night writing 2 brand new songs!
I know all of you are ready for damn new music!!
my first Twitter Tutor!
Cheers!
oh.
i'm watchin obsessed.
: i love this movie.
watch it!
channel 14.
:
Thanks for the mention :
Love your body  nice light hair, pecs, sixpack, face.
If only I were closer to Toronto, luv for u to do me...
the dome aint big enough for that mug!!!!
thank you!!
A grown adult man calling out of work due to allergies is simply unacceptable with all solutions for this on the market.
on majesticSEO.com the external backlink data is actually tracking inbound links?
and Eats of Eden in Charleston WV are now carrying Max  Ruffy's!
Stop in and get some treats  your dog will love you for it!
Dairy Queen's name for their mall stores, called Treat Centers, sounds like an agricultural feedlot.
when u come to perth ?
mircosoft asking some layed off workers to give back some of there severance pay
: They say you are what you eat...
Well, I don't recall eating any sexy beasts today.
totally you
Extremely Loud?
What is that?
I haven't worked on anything with that title...
you are already having WAY to much fun...pipe down ;
A cafe that knows how to do it: American Analog Set on rainy days.
Three albums in a row now!
Is today's ceremony only for undergraduates or also for graduate students?
Whenever someone says not to edit their photos I feel the compulsion to doctorw penises on their photos just to spite them.
We're setup at SactoMoFo 4 next to Curry Up Now and across from Seoul on Wheels!
hey man!
I thought we were already connected on Twitta...
Going to ck out a great furniture place for a blog feature!
Anyone wanna grab lunch with me?
While the natural area is predominantly managed for vegetation, it should be noted that we also manage for
GEORGE ZIMMERMAN RELEASED FROM JAIL ON BOND  FOX News
Jack Edwards just said it: It's winning time!.
Milwaukee is the greatest city in the world.
Young hearts keep chasing what you know is meant to be.
They will call us crazy, though they're better off naive and in love again.
Soo ready to go shopping.
It's well needed
Im gonna buy a doctornk :
In early September, ebay will offer nearly 50 more space in your listing titles with 25 additional characters to include more keywords.
Happy weekend!
Good luck BAA dancers at Nat'l High Schl.
Dance Fest and BAA musicians High Schl.
Jazz Fest!
camps in education: The quantifiers and those interested in a humanistic education.
Guess who is winning the what should we learn battle?
Busting missions.
.
Dude, its 420.
Ha
DesignYourFuture...You can achieve anything you put your mind to...
Came 2 IHD this AM 2 work in peace  is here!
I was in the Student Writing Project every summer in middle  high school!
SMALL WORLD!
go to www.icraigery.com or www.chacha.com for more info!
we tend to allow ideological lines to become too divisive and live by an end justifies the means mentality
Tony Dungy was in Digital Underground and he did the humpty dance.
It was for me to Tweet you??
This game is intense!
Go LAKERS!
nice kicks
watching chrisfarley youll live in a van down by the river
the main course at potluck dinners is roadkill.
Hey all you potential baristas!
Don't forget applications are due TODAY!
ows occupyoakland: if a prisoner sits down he or she is not considered to be an imminent threat
My last GoingRed meal of the month, butternut squash with cinnamon and red potatoes!
HS PLUS IS TO FUNNY
you can be both
: you'll be okay!
Get started helping kids build their self esteem,volunteer today!
Contact Shaniqua at .
had a chance to try the short rib sandwich per your thumbs up.
If it was a person, we'd hang out all of the time.
Awesome!
Thanks for the tip
Boy1: HAHA you failed.
Boy2: So, did your dad's condom.
Boy1: He didn't wear a condom.
Boy2: ...
Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
HM SummerJam after Party ?
Should we do that ?
hmm what do you think ?
ugh., i'm really thirsty.
ugh.
kdjfhkjhfdks no.
You can use your dollars toward nutella?
lol.
well said man.
I share the exact same sentiments.
Been chillin lately
poolparty x
All I here in my school of people talking about how 1D cute or how Zayn or Harry so.
Sexy like I luv how they say good things about 1D 3333
Aw 3 : is following me.
Daymade.
I NEED SUM OR A BADD ASS KOOL FEMALE FRIEND I LOVE HANGIN AROUND BADD WOMEN
Lord, I thank you for never leaving my side; For being there, when no one else was!
Came into Art Metropole to bask in bookish goodness and found myself in the middle of an arlis2012 workshop!
2 off days.
: all I have to say is yay.
I'm glad I've missed you
You want something to get you crunk while workin out?!
My Favorite WORKOUT songs is Skoolie In Command  Coolin'  by
Not a happy fan right now!
First, , now this?!?
Consider following professorssional marketing advisor
wat u doing after graduation
We are in Chicago!
Try Halsted Bar and Grill...pork egg rolls,strawberry lemonade, and aldine chicken sandwhich amazing!
he said u can't come
From now on we live in a world where man has walked on the Moon.
It's not a miracle; we just decided to go.
Tom Hanks
haha.
Got nuked
be more specific lol
oh my gosh!
which video was it??
you should mix it with Sakiri vodka, you will love it!
Just planted another patch of wildflower seeds!
I can't wait to see what our yard looks like in a few months!
To answer your question we are building our health ministry and empowering all to transform from sickness to wellness
I miss seeing you on the Pacers games.
You were the only positive after watching that team get killed half the season last year.
yea i kinda figured that out!
K Ima try to work on it!
Teamwork makes the doctoram work.
Jealous of anyone who can take advantage!
RT : Feeling like a mimosa today?
5 mimosas at The Cottage until 3 pm today!!
stop thinking it's stressful ;
Graduate Session 3 begins today!
Who is excited for their new class?
Happy mother's day!
Thank her for going through grueling pain of ejecting you from her body and then raising you into people!
:D
Great to hear.
Best of luck to your team!
After a rough start, THE AVENGERS turned me into a tenyearold boy through the sheer might of its awesomeness.
I just need sources.
So close to being done...for now.
MPT is running Historic Barns of Maryland.
I didn't realize it was Sweeps.
Stocks finish lower on disappointing March jobs report.
Dow doctorps 124 points.
Nasdaq and SP both lose more than 1.
I MISS EVERYONE TOO!
Came by USL to say hello and some feel good music but already left.
3 and 13 for OSU, Canfield pass to James Rodgers, but two yards short of first down.
more good news.
i tell ya, this is just making my day.
Haha :3 well thank you very much!
I brought Grace to bed with me after her morning bottle and we both slept until 11:30!
We were both worn out from a weekend of partying!
Another week down.
Great times and great tunes.
Next stop, Ventura, CA for punk rock at the beach with jamstain!
See you all saturday night!
Interesting statements on whether regulation helps/harms journalism.
Copps  FurchtgottRoth with varying opinions.
That looks awesome!
Need a sick hang session next time we are both in town.
Oh right, me too.
RT : Oh, and by the way?
Done with grad school.
I didn't let my son play until he was 12.
He is 27 now and still mad that I waited so long to let him play.
I'm a Dad 1st and last.
great movie!!!
RT : Have a smallbiz question you need advice on?
Let us know!
We can RT it to our followers.
They have great insights!
Im in PortAransas right now  I pass SanAntonio on my way home so maybe I can swing by house  give him a hug!3
Be the 1st person to ask their server at this week's Music Monday and win a pair of free tix to the Eric Jacobson concert Feb 9!
where r u guys in Cleveland?
Unfortunate sentence structure of the day: ...a survey of musicians and friends over pizza....
The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the wealth which it prevents you from achieving.
same...I feel left out
it ends tomorrow...the weather should be nice!!
Yep.
They won't complain about CBS either tho RT Were 10am starts for ESPN and for SportsWest to stay out of ESPN Plus window
I kinda want a woman to handle me.
I'm a strong personality.
I need a strong minded woman next to me!
Social Media is an excellent tool to affirm one's thoughts and aspirations.
Use it positively...
Same here!
I figure a few now and then won't hurt if we watch other areas RT : Potatoes are my weakness!!
Hold up your end today
You're not one of those annoying Dallas Cowboy fans are you?
;
Didn't expect to like , but love it/the food so much I'm going again for my bday!
Enjoy  get the red velvet cake!
Arizona lawmakers OK tax cuts as session nears end
I'll give you consumer insights from the deepest corners of my brain in exchange for Starbucks gift cards.
Just sayin.
I need to use WolframAlpha more!
Who's gonna be the 1st to write article about the oneanddone coach Coach K has become?
Irving last year, now Rivers.
Just landed at JFK.
Ready for my shoot for Next Magazine.
Post a tweet when clays coming up will ya?
I don't care to sit through Bieber fever and GaGa and her aluminum foil outfits :
No good workman without good tools.
Travolta believes in space aliens...and banging male masseuses.
30 Things I Will Miss About Milwaukee.
A oneaday countdown.
RT : Facebook buys instagram.
Finally, some news that affects white people.
I don't have a meet and greet with them.
I wish I did.
I signed up on their website.
I hope I win one.
I'm watching Get Him to the Greek.
Fuckin' love it!
Do as I say not as I do.
RT : 800 IPs in Congressional bldg revealed to have illegally downloaded software, TV shows, films  porn
Arizona state sucks they got beat by the runt of the big ten.
Go to Columbus and get on a real campus.
I saw and it's pretty true.
I'm glad you think that way!
:D
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I wanna see my boyfriend .
I miss his cute ass smile when he makes me laugh.
I Love ur music.
Can I get a RT and or follow please!
Granny told me last night she turned off the pens game to watch the lionel richie and friends special
we are excited to see the debut of the truck!
yes!
Be careful, it might change your life lol  RT BABY MONKEY riding on a pig
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow I LOVE the show Monk!
Maybe I missed the ...
U will Be the Boss, But Look Son that means that U will have 2 Put Up with Way more Insane BS then Everybody else!
I don't understand how some boys can sag so much...
It's like their not even wearing pants sometimes........
This is why I prefer having guy friends over girls 
Friday signals the beginning of an uninterrupted two days of time with the little miss.
I love her to the moon and back.
Jules is my star.
is waiting in line for Miranda Lambert tickets .!?
its cold!!
well have a good night and good luck
In Nice right now, just had a great seafood choucroute !
Here a few more days then off to Corsica .
Love to talk when back
My husband got us tickets this morning!
Hooray!
Always a good show.
Even the one time we sat in the rain.
:
your not normal, and i like that, keep up the good work!
Midday knock
RSVP to to get the discounted rate to tonight's program: I Wanna Go Viral
Congratulations on the ONA2011 award.
Well deserved win!
Pens Stayin Alive
Currently watching: goodfellas
What in god's name is that for?
Making new music  new mixtape will be posted next week!
There are things known and there are things unknown and in between are the doors
So I joined google.
I don't know why!
haha
you should start working on your skills.
TopChef might need some fill in sous chefs
nice!
I have a few aerospace friends who I'll definitely be sending your work on to.
some, uh people with munchies too ;
...and will keep that one in mind for next time!
Cookies with milk :
I dont know what it means, but TaylorIssues !!!!!
:
Liberal bias.
Not.
Media just wants eyeballs/ad .
Mods occupy too much stage and run off at mouth, as if they r candidates.
I'm following over 1000 people but only have 300 followers wish I had more
Almost to midfield Can LSU make it?
Just had an amazing fitting with and his Beautiful wife!
Crazy talented
On air in Boston to from 3 to 6..then maybe room service and celeb apprentice tonight then on air tomorrow 2p to 7p
Watching Recruiters recruit is akin to making sausage or pulling back the Wizards curtain...
I hate seeing a woman who doesn't embrace her beauty.
You're beautiful.
Own that shit.
No classes today  Happy Presidents Day!
it's cause she practices for me.
Today is the first day of summer.
You have to get instagram!
My favorite photography app!
7:55 ....
its to early for a saturday D:
Time to go workout for the next 3 to 4 hours so i hope everyone enjoys your day and be back on later tonight.
Not sure, I connected through Facebook lol
fix a heart
A doctorg dealer just asked me if I need trees while i hand him his food
do you need one more follower, just follow me than I will follow you
Developing curriculum while having on in the background.
Something tells me that this will be the weirdest class ever...
Its never too early to schedule your teens senior portrait session!
Whether instudio or on location, well captainre the moment perfectly.
whyy wait another minute for something we shouldve done yesturday?
Thanks again to Tom Stapleton and his great team at What great service!
Hey guys:
are keeping me in stitches on the bus ride back to Napa...
Waiting for the UFC matchup between the two of them
merry Easter.
I'm hoping to play in LA again soon!
I did a residency at last year so I'm hoping to play there again soon!
In in a good ass mood for some reason.
I'm saying Goodmorning to everybody lol
I MISS YOU!
Can't wait to sneak away to Vancouver!
Keep my side of the bed warm and I'll be there asap!
Xoxox
I think I'm finally over my sickness!
Back to le gym, finally!
:
Thanks for the follow!
awesome.
Can't wait to make that breakfast doctornk with the bacon  waffles...m
What do we do after seeing a fashion show?
Go shopping!
lol Currently searching for printed pants w/ Tanuka.
These Justin Bieber Fan Pages Be Having Alot Of Followers Lol
Amazing first day at Thank you for the great experience.
Thank you to all the support Seattle.
We love you.
The greatest gift of all is friendship  the polar express
what time do you think a twisted dinner for djangocon might take place?
Tigers win.
Back to .500.
Verlander gets the win and Valverde with the save.
I'm not sure yet love, but I'll be thinking about it 
Thanks for the RT Nikki!
See you tonight??
So the Border Wars replay looks worse than the actual 720p ippv feed.
Huh?
Is Zeke Pike still on the bowl roster?
now welcomes The Hachette Group as 's Publishing Innovator of the Year!
i look forward to yours as well : hope you'll find our tweets useful!
Your mom is a big mistake like you,your dad, grandpa, grandma, great grandpa,great grandma,etc
Treat women kindly.
Forever is a long time to live alone and it's even longer to live with somebody who hates your guts.
I hate feeling like my intelligence is being tried
: whit no one cares about the brickyard lol I second that NASCAR sucks!!
I done made the devil a deal he made me pretty, he made me smart, and I'm gonna break me a million hearts 3
Rage stifled in a Mens Room sink he sank his face in the basin and screamed, the sound bubbling up past his ears through the rush of water
its2012whyyoustill raise your hand in class
spending time w you 
Clean your hands, wash your hair, stop doing doctorgs and bring back our tools
Be sure yall come out every wed  sun, tons of doctornk specials and mixin it up along with big mind tv
Me: Are there any pipe shops here?
Him: Oh yea, there is a cigar shop that way.
My Brain: oh a shop that just so happens to sell pipes.
Did you know?
You can also pay your NY, KS and AL state taxes at www.payNYtax.com, www.payKStax.com, www.payALtax.com.
oh, and on a more serious, straight from the heart tweet: Thank you for making this happen.
You and your team rock!
hi allie good morning love you so much my friend have a great day and take care 3
it totally sound cool though!: Orr um...
Fml fix my leak :D
Figured.
Giving you grief.
Game's getting good:
Looking for a Lead Programmer in Texas or willing to relocate.
Great studio, great cost of living.
The only thing to fear is fear itself ...
and my ability to act like a complete idiot
They turn on a TV w Elmo to see which mouse watches the longest!
:
what country do u live in?
should never have been on twitter!!!
BABE IM SORRY YOU EVEN OPENED THAT!!!/33333
Don't worry Assville, the Badgers will avenge you.
Life is too short to have any beef or animosity towards anyone.
Beliebers Are Amazing is trending: It doesnt even have to trend we all ready now how freaking amazing we are!
In case you've been wondering why Keen17 TV has had such a tough time since signing on as a Christian TV station in Las Vegas, what follow
I'm really craving some Taco Bell.
But my dad won't get me any.
Enjoy paintballing discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
You're frustrated because you keep waiting for the blooming of flowers of which you have yet to sow the seeds.
Holla at me let's do buisness Write me a message of what u do?
Give us a try next time.
We can provide an oil change service for most vehicles in about 20 minutes.
My lovely wife is having cold broccoli for a midnight snack.
Vile weed!
you a lie
The first stop on the tour will be birmingham.
The team is very excited.
All the details are on www.starmentors.com
Getting better at this Twitter twit.
Plates, how are YOU doing?
hell yea it is.
Competition is one thing, poisoning the well is another.
That way lies fascism.
Not sure who started the rumor that I'm dating , but it's not true guys.
Is that Eli or Michael Phelps?
What would you like to know about real estate investing?
Ask your questions today!
Discovered ice cream in my freezer.
Yes.
The preview makes it look like he's playing the same character.
Which I suppose wouldn't be the worst thing ever.
NO, KATHERINE.
YOU ARE JUST TOO WEAK!
Thanks for the follow!
Gorgeous picture!
Love your enthusiasm!
watching a video on youtube of these girls that one a date with Justin Bieber, i would absoloutley die if i were them.
O.o
IMO, the silent treatment is the most ignorant approach to issues in relationships.
It solves nothing.
So we KNOW u can win a SB with Bradford, Cassel, Campbell, Ponder, Jackson, Kolb, etc?
All things considered, Tebow season a success
Absolutely true: Billy Ray Cyrus's real first name is Skeeball.
MY SISTER SAID SHE'LL TAKE ME THE 19TH OMG
Beautiful day in Texas!
Much better
I.
Love.
Miami.
what about project stuff wtf y'all doing?
Headed no where fast.
hm we must go boy hunting and find the right Guy for me .
:
Hooray!
Technician is here to doctor our wifi!
SO many patrons rely on us for wifi access.
Going deep with some obsolete Korean character encoding schemes.
nashville tonight at we are in the round with Pete Sallis, Chas Sandford, Lisa Carver and Bethany DickOlds.630pm.
Can't believe how many leaves have fallen already!
Baking up some pumpkin whoopie pies and sweet potato breads.
www.bakerbabes.com.
Fellow designer and I were so excited to see our picture on the Holiday party invite!
Good times!
You obviously just straight up ignored me......
I'm kidding I'm a good girl though lol
Hahaha, what does that even mean?!
Family is important at Delmark, As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Pope John Paul II
haven't watched it yet
you are so welcome :
you like kidzbop too!
Who knew!
Thanks for the link.
If you are quiet you can hear the sound of money vaporizing as stock market tanks.
I don't make predictions only follow the tape
It's so amazing how when ur feeling down and u go on Tumblr and look at all the funny posts, u dont even remember why u were upset at all.
RT RT : Lotus flower bomb , firefly , When I'm low , she take me high , I can teach you all the sounds of love 
: New day!
New chance to change!!
Failure is an event, not a person.
Yesterday ended last night!
renew Letsgooo!!
'There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and selfreliance.'William F.
Buckley Jr.
well it's both our fault.
the really never will.
Miss you bubbba
Insidious, from hauntedhouse  to ghostbusters/hunters/adventures  to poltergeist but on the side with CarolAnn  good scary fun!
What is your favorite Bible verse?
I just can't wait for the weekend to officially get here!
Five o'clock hurry up : puhhhhleassee and thank you!
Florida is beautiful 3
Easter tip: 1.
Bite off the top of a hollow chocolate Easter egg.
2.
Pour Whiskey.
Dear Douche Bag wearing sunglasses in the grocery store, You are achieving the opposite effect of your goal.
Who the hell is number 19!
doctorp it like its hot!
oh yeah
We'd all likely do the same!
Can't wait to celebrate a RECORD BREAKING 2012 Wine Opener tomorrow!
For everyone that is against gay marriage let me just leave you with this concept: gay divorce court tv shows.
Right??
lol ima take that as a good complient but i get that alot
can I be your floor right.now
Yes, and I would love to go to O'Briens for the Packer game!
Maybe should come too!?
TheMiz jobbing to Brotus Clay just was another sign his stock falling fast..ill have to get mikewickett view,raw review at 645 a on
I've always wanted an award with this much honor .
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
yeah /: i just don't know when to queue from /: when would you suggest?
x
I love Death cab for cutie!!
And NSN.
Two of my top favorite bands3
Coffee is the elixir of life
looking forward to your tweets!
Peoplee who say bro after erything can start to be annoying.
It only took 3 years.
Nice to see Obama finally support gay marriage.
Way to boldly stick your finger in the wind.
Ugh that happens to me EVERY YEAR.
:/ That or all my friends and I present in the same session.
:
That funny moment when Austin Mahone looks a lot like my boyfriend.
RT : Time Is Time, Money is MOney, Your ART is YOUR ART, It should take your time, and make money!
i know what ya talking about!
:
Ordering Wholesale Watches  Chinese Martial Arts
Hey Steven!!!
commercial CALLBACK on monday!
gonna play mommy again :
Goin to gene and judes with and company
the buckeyes are winning the big ten, bring your green hat
got u bro
RT : Dexter Walker  ZIon Movement  Your Latter will be greater
HEY EVERYBODY!
WE'LL SEE YOU AT THE GUN SHOW.
DECEMBER 12  13TH ALBUQUERQUE NM AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING ON THE STATE FAIR GROUNDS.
You gotta fight for your right to paaaarrtyy.
Had the best day at warped ever on Friday all thanks to !
: Life will never be the same again!!
3

Our favorite Band of Brother's brother.
RT : South park  family guy
lmao why are you so popular
I'm so hhappy he won !!!!
We create mascot costumes.
I'm in Orlando 4/2426, I'd like to connect w/ costume  character development peeps.
Suggestions?
Watched Sugar Bowl  dome but now home watching highlights...are we sure isn't the Mich kicker?
Bacon fat is the shit.
It's a new week!
Soccer training tonight for the boys from 69PM in Boynton Beach.
Glad to hear it :
: no reason to get cranky.
I'm an interested user who had some questions and some feedback.
Looked all over site and struck out.
hate that the bulls are out.
hope the celtics sweep the 76ers.
lol
Broncos fans, is this week more BITTER or SWEET?
Your best freind is by your side 247...no matter the source.
Their iriplaceable, and never forgoton J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
What is the number 1 thing you'd like to know about how your furnace works?
ohh ok when do u find out who wins??
After a week, I am hoping tomorrow I start feeling better!
2 big days of meetings ahead!
Fml.
Fml.
Fml.
I have a sub  no headphones T.T
Nothing like on the sheenroast to get me ready for greysanatomy!
Cmon Bulls don't fall apart.
Refs suck
I wondered why my skin was green when I got out of the lake earlier
That's the spirit!
really inspiring RT : Psalm 73:26 My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart...
Wiggles Ohkay...but I'm losing balance!
Team trivia tonight at 8pm.
35 cent wings from 5pm to 12am.
Looking for a great massage?
Mystic Journey Massage is offering 20 off the first session to all DPR card holders/ Palm Springs/ Cat City
my oldest daughter knows all the words to every song on Uptown Girl...it puzzles her .
On this day in 1948 was the 1st televised game by WGNTV where the Sox beat the Cubs.
To whoever had this brilliant idea thank you!
Sometimes you just want to play Magic cards.
8 days until graduation....
ma friends say I'm selfish, especially Gabriela Gil ..
she tells me dat lot of times.
:/
Choose 2 Follow Woofs
i hear that, but it sounds a lot like something Romney or the Tea Party would say about Wall Street regulations
I'm obsessed...one of those songs I have on repeat now lol Full on car dance...haha love the new usher!!
Thank You for the follow.
Looking forward to reading your tweets!
:
I used many colors don't you worry
Uk can you please win this sh,, so I can here the KU fans hush once and for all!
Reviews on TENNSCO Single and DoubleEntry Tire Racks tire racks for sale
So tell us, what is your favorite resource for info on juvenile justice on twitter?
Listening to 2 geog teachers discus how they sat beside a convenience store waiting on the tornado...
He forgot to tweet about it tho
Attending Making Sense of Medicare presentation by NCOA at West Senior Welness Center.
That takes the fun out!
;D
make it a special one!!
Just finish good workout with1 of my favorite girls Abi she tried 2 show me out on tha tread.
Bout to sit back sip wine  write this paper
Hot galleys for every reader at hachette's booth 945 pla12!
Stop by to say hello and fill a little, brown tote with books!
Good point.
If you go for it again, if I'm home I'll join for it.
I'm thankful Josh McDaniels is no longer in charge of the Broncos doctorft...
Headscratchers
I lasted only a year at DynaPlex.
Any ideas on what the most popular pet costume is?
We'll see how it turns out, Tom.
When the butterflies flutter and the words flow, I'm always surprised when I read it later.
Almost have the entire incoming class on campus.
Great 2 see several guys in the gym n prep 4 season.
Could b a great 1.
Work hard!
Great brunch  Sidewalk Cafe with :
LoL RT : I have nothing personal against Reggie Miller, his voice is like listening to a 3 hour lecture from Fran doctorscher
The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live.
Norman Cousins
i want to kill everybody in the world doctorp skrillex.
Yupp,, doctorwnin in my music.
prayforlondon 3
I saw who I wanted lol
good part is im not eating late being a lard!
Gram just told me baby Cal is coming tomorrow!
my phones like 100 degrees right now from all this twittertivity
Hard at work editing a video for
condescending Bryant I presume.
Yes, this really stinks!
The Seela handson cabin will be closed today for repairs and maintenance.
We've still got the rest of the Village available, though!
so me a favor and slap yourself?
Um.
You're a dumb ass.
A mole?
So Rush must be in on it.
What a stupid comment.
Hello Indianapolis!
It is a pleasure to meet you.
The doctoram Team
Fuck.
Really wish Holtby would've gotten that shutout.
Even as a Rangers fan.
One Direction are like fucking magical unicorns!
nails!!
: will you go?
Girl time!
Love you :
Christ that went far.
Bad day Mama Schmidt:/ advice is more than welcome please?
Playing doctorw Something against my little sister cause I have nothing better to do with my life....
:D Sakinim.d Biz ne ?
:D
Living now in the Quads, with my friends!
Going to morning class then decorating and arranging our room.
YEAH!!!
no.
no idea who to pick this year.
Like kentucky.
Think they might erin it this year.
Only just started following it, but I think may be my new favorite joke Twitter account.
Great livetweeting StokeWolves now
i know :o lmao
she can go fuck herself.
that text literally pissed me off.
what up hilarious one.?
..told the Mail Online that reports of a reunion are 'just rumoursat this stage'.
Has Anybody got any more accurate certain info or Update?
Feel better!
I had a spinal tap yesterday, and I am practically chained to my bed.
So much to do, and I'm a captainve!
an article about women in Jewish orgs that I respect.
just because the ratio isn't even doesn't mean it's not happening....
Joining my friend in the  The movement so I can be awesome like him lol
so hard.
Hate him
Spent the last five hours working on translating 13 pages of Spanish history about the Netherlands.
Time to transition to quals reading...
Love is patient
Then u take em off and its a dissapointment lmao RT : When I wear pants that make me look like I have an assgt;gt;gt;
Grad from over seas pick her up at the terminal.
Give riches split digits to them girls up in college.
is gorgeously adorable..
:3
Workin this 13hour shift not getting off work until tomorrow morning  6:00am
NewRulesofCivility 6.
Dont gossip.
Talking about others in this way does nothing positive for your own image.
at least Euro 2012 starts in like three weeks.
nah on that twitpic you posted of your gf
early to rise!
mia airport....off to work ..
As someone who has hated the Redskins since he was 10, and has liked Peyton since he was at Tennessee, I hope you are wrong!
Interesting experimentation making an exposure system, but pls.
check out a readymade one w/vacuum  capsscreenprinting.com.
First report from Colorado GOP Rick Santorum leads Mitt Romney by 77 votes in Colorado Caucus.
What's everyone doing for this fine Easter?!
value injector is simpler until you need complexity and then you end up in a pickle
Ha.
IKR, thats y when some1 asks me 2 pray 4 em, I do it right then/there.
funny 2 watch em tense up.
they have a deal for 25 you get a scoreboard pavilion ticket and 2 beers.
Wonder will I get a scam renewal letter from Domain Registry Of America for each domain I own.
Lot of postage
A smile is worth a thousand words!!!!
what's the prob?
Toothache,lost filling?
Just curious I am a dental assistant
Officially done with my honors english II project.
Today is business day 10 since the test.
I'm checking my email every 510 minutes waiting for it to come.
Can't wait to see my valentine later :
Gonna Freeze the fat instead.
I've seen the ads.
Reckon I can just jam my love handles in the freezer for 30mins?
I hate MLS refs
NFL HOF busts list all teams and years played, but the induction is as a member of a team of the player's choosing.
Their new song Free is a revelation!
Just ate chicken Noodle soup.
AH and on a cold day.
It AINT none of your friends business.
Andy Kauffman pulledoff the greatest performance art stunt in history 30 years ago this weekend.
RIP, sir.
Everyone get ready  Ribbon is going to have a HUGE sale Thursday for Dolphin lovers everywhere.
I keep letting the tiger outta the cage at work.
It's only verbal abuse, so those pussies should grow a pair
I just downloaded for OSX last night.
So far I like it better than having my three emails open on Safari/Chrome.
I should

thank you for your leadership on this issue.
Truly appreciated; let me know how I can best help you.
I find it ridiculous that people have multiple masters and bachelors degrees.
Running twice today, because I'm dumb.
Guess I'll have to say Happy Tuesday!
Watching and can't get enough.
I swear this is one of the best shows on TV.
I was really hoping for a Paul win just to add to the media chaos.
Oh well.
Erm, how cool are you, you just tweeted from C4 Dispatches!
The mind boggles!
is supess cool guise.
follow her because harry would want you to.
hehehe 3
that's really good too :
IE for MAC was last released in 2003 and was no longer supported after 2005.
Sending our thoughts to Virginia Tech
I hope so!!
Amen!
RT : No single FB post, Twitter, email, txt message or Skype can have as much impact as a handwritten letter
Some do not understand social media and claim they have a girl who handles it.
Bonding Gravity Forms with for a Transcription client, my goal is to do it with two lines of code.
Something good can work
OKAY PEOPLE THE REAL LOUIS DIPIPPA LIKED OUR PAGE!!
AND YES IT'S THE REAL ONE!
EVEN GEO SAID IT WAS!!!
ASHLEY
Just saw avatar in 3D in downtown Disney...
Good stuff
I get to see you tonight  how exciting is that?!
:
Boise State fans come join us tonight for the game and a cold beer
Happy i got my pic taken with senses fail AT LAST!
Haha had to blow the dust off
Thank you so much!
Follow girls hes single and he has amazing tweets!!!
200 followers!!!!:
If ur at OP tomorrow morning, I highly recommend the track kitchen for breakfast.
Biscuits and gravy is the best
Sitting at the dentist,bout to get doctorlled on..happy bday to my great grandma morie,she is 103 today, n no that isn't a miss type haha...
My stomach stays hurting ,
I want to recognize the great customer service provided me at Beverly Hills Bike Shop.
Bike in at 2:45 pm, out the door at 5:15, same day!
how many hours do you work a weekend?!
Possible jury impasse looms in OracleGoogle trial  Technology ...
Really, Kelso?
How could you go from Jackie to Laurie?
Seriously dude.
RT : is excited for our Grand Opening event coming Saturday, August 13!
Stay tuned here and on FB for details :
:D my day just started!
I rode the Bus to Hospital for physical therapy.
My hand still doesn't work very good yet!
Then what are you doing leaving town!?
Guarantee to beat the Chargers now!
if your going to say yeah and haha the whole time you text me, dont even bother texting me at all.
any of the shows at Gillette?....that's how this whole thing got started last year....tstorms  rock concerts
Recordbreaking heat in Denver  IN APRIL.
Hey, we can still get a spring snow storm b/c it IS Colorado.
watching it too!!
Next Monday Tuesday free pizza from Boston Area Domino's from 10PM til Midnight, just say BarCast with your order then go pick it up
Hi Joyce, thanks for the DM.
Your website seems to be down otherwise would've loved to take a look!
Watching the Whitney Houston Interview on Oprah.
Eminem has TWO of his albums on the top 5 highest selling albums of 2000s.
I can't stand when idiots push their religion down my throat.
Stfu I don't care.
They def should of came out with a second sequel to hustle and flow I'm just saying lol follow me because I will follow u
I hope everyone has an awesome day :
GOOD LUCK!!!
hope you do well my friend!
:
Thank you for what you did.
It was sad and beautiful.
I read each message of love and loss.
Will you ever do another show?
I miss you.
Psst.
Did u know Street Lee use to work at a police dept.?
Yep, with a uniform  paycheck.
Shame what the jobs become.
Do the hardest thing on earth for you.
Act for yourself.
Face the truth.
Great event at Poetry Foundation last night.
William Blake's poems set to rockabilly music.
Dig it.
Why is it so painful to be a sports fan in this city??
Always disappointed.
I need a new weekend hobby.
But it's so easy.
no.
Not github's fault.
Just the errors were too erratic, and not linked to my commit schedule at all
Watch TONIGHT to see talk about MyTwoMoms.
Set your DVR too, you don't want to miss this one!
So did you?
Thank you Diamond!
i love you: RT : I hope makes the team :
well ttrying to get his attention is hard enough, you only get a few characters, and he never follows you when you ask :'
Working and another weekend without sex with a woman.
:
Holmen's 4K program reporting to Board on ipad  Smartboard use in Early Childhood next week!
Changing the way instruction delivered!
Why is it salsa gets hotter as it sits?
I mean, not homemade salsa, this is store bought stuff.
FEEL THE BURN!
big ass ears.
Must be Tyler.
do u still RT and tweet your fans?
:
lisa should jump on the bandwagon....
y not ..
nd then alexa...
:P
no one ever remembers who came in third!!
That's better...
I avoid soy as I have been diagnosed with a thyroid disease.
im bout 2 text u back now sweetie :
Yep.
I think we read out a few of the RTs on
FollowMeIMS Between great weather, Pacers playoff basketball and the Greatest Spectacle in Racing, May is the best month in Indiana.
Sorry to hear that Curtis has been unwell, but glad you're here!
.
.
.
we've been waiting for you in the veterans' tent ;
Tuesday is a shithead.
that would rock.
You should come to the doctornkup!
Ik that was about me.
Last day in GME!
check your DM's
Cos maybe your loveable and maybe your my snowflake Ed Sheeran 'Wake me up' I love this song!
3
: yeah but nothing from them.
Was hoping it'd be like Gmail and Voice were.
Screw rules.
Screw parents and having no money and being too young.
I just want to live my life the way I want.
umm your on my page?
:D
I totally feel like I'm sleep walking right now
I'm good with Jets green or Michigan Maize goblue And I'm good with an office
Heavenly Kidzz looks like it has it all...
what was YOUR favorite childhood toy or game?
Jcrew is a good example of a retailer combating the showrooming effect effectively.
work 6:30 am until 4:30 pm..
very excited for the Brad Paisley concert tomorrow
I'll study with you!
oh well ;/
its my birthday
Nightly ritual: death cab for cutie  ed sheeran on replay.
Those Bette Davis eyes!
I see the resemblance:
Mine for 2012 too!!!
And also help me to prepare in the pursuit.
F when u r new to twitter and u keep following very girl with boobs showing!
Lol that happens a lot.
Seriously
Shopping on Facebook?
Well now you can , click the SHOP tab above and start today!
Free shipping as always!
: Berz lead over Allen now 12 pts as more Madison wards reported madvote
its my way if flirting.
Kinda like I'm a 11 y/o.
Its what I do.
that was amazing!!
anything new with you?
i love you soo much i texted you and you didnt text me back:/
I'm hearing some really good things about 's class at DigitalGovU today.
Class act that guy from :
One of my students is taking a Legos class this summer.
Holy moly, I am jealous of him.
Hoping someone tweets from the session on interpreting slavery for public audiences
oh, so excited!
you just wait, the twitterverse always delivers.
i'm all good bro, love the ass
You wish.
who doesn't love watching real time google analytics?
Grr..
Valve time strikes again
Lets go
The count down is on.
Less than a week and I go to Finland !
went to Falling in Reverse venue it was GREATTTTTTNESSSS
Whataburger breakfast yum
Congrats man RT : The cover for my eBook is almost complete.
Pretty excited to get this thing published next week.
Los Angeles Lakers losing series 02...
what do you guys think will the lakers make a come back?
Having a 5 o'clock class blows.
No gdi bus to take me back.
It's UofLs fault
And this is why I'm glad I use Arch and not Gentoo...
Thank you, Krystie!
Your site is great, too.
:
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
Follow RT Mitt Romney's roboboner must be straining his prayer pajamas right now!
haha, waste time mostly.....sometimes me and my gf will cam over at Cam4.....check it out...you might like it?
xx
I know, right?
He's amazing!
is the fox theater show in boulder all ages or 18???
Duquette once traded Delino DeShields for Pedoctor Martinez.
Look for the Orioles to sign both this year.
.
Unhappy?
No, I've told you, he acts like he's king of Madison Avenue.
Lording over everyone.
Not anymore though.
RT, I love this !
3 day weekend
TUES HAPPY HOUR  THE SMILING MOOSE  1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO  IMPORT BEERS, 2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, 1 OFF ALL OTHER doctorNKS From 57pm!
I'm gone stunt till I can't no more
But the way I write things, I just write them with a clash between reality and fantasy mostly....
true.
I forgot hbo now has HD on demand.
Although it's nice to be able to jump in say 10 min late which U cant't do w/ dvr.
Semirelateddo you know figures/wheretofind for single moms in Iceland and Netherlands?
Much more common middle/upper there.
ROB WHO.
Just ordered the new CD from via Stoked!
looks like Chris brown :
You a bad girl and your friends bad too ...
U deserve to be doctorpping swaguu...
On my way to host committee meeting in Rosemont.
Looking forward to talking about
is going to be unreal!
Directed by my all time favorite director Ridley Scott.
Can't.....wait!
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic!
mydumbinjury Got into a Bike accident because a squirrel Got in front of me  I didn't wanna run it over,smashing my face and broke my jaw
Lebron always manages to get brought up smh nigga we play tomorrow TuneIn bitches its TeamHeat or suck Dick for coke bob saget voice
I didn't feel like uploading anything off the HD so I just dipped into the stash.
Jeez, they sure know how to market.
I'd think a better bonus would be a 250 credit towards ANY flight.
new zzt album is SICK!
Breathe in and say to yourself, I love, breath out, I am loved.
Repeat as necessary.
It helps when you forget how good it is.
The human brain is the most complex arrangement of matter in the known universe.
What about a society, aka many brains?
on the mend after weekend staph infection!
lunch at !
Why, twitter?
Why?
: Another Heat Loss Pacers Dont start lol Laker  Heat fans should b out buying each other doctornks after 2nite lol
Sox bullpen is truly awful.
Wanna thank ya for reppin Hard for the Team bro!!!
U picked a team to be proud of!!!
JTP JOWAYNE
nigga ripped my heart out i dont know
Natalie postman 3
Tired of people accusing me of stuff I didn't do!
Leave me alone and fuck off get a life!
There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.
Peter doctorcker
sent the email for press, thanks for your help man!
YES PLEASE
Yes but only if frank does the voice : you guys have to let Dig Tussy do a segment on News You Have To Figure Out
He who says he can, and he who says he can't are both usually right.
attributed to a couple of people.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend.
Absolutely loving this time of year in the South.
Very inspiring!
FINALLY tried the Barrie burger  it was delicious!
that was on the Asari home world, but you weren't indoctrinated yet
he better not
you can display this gratitude via a rib sampler of some kind.
I just learned of you :
IMA DO MY BEST FA MY SON..
Google owns the algorithm via Adwords, Apple owns it 4 ITunes.
Who will prevail of the 3 in books?
oligingerbiggerthananyonewright what does this mean, ?
Hahaha
It's extra loud in Boston in right now.
TeamExperience .PRAISE THE LORD !
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world 3 35
Glad I caught most of CostasTonight on Very insightful discussion on NCAA athletics
Who's participating in Corporate Cup next month?
Want to kick it at the office afterwards?
The roof has a view of Tajima LOL
We will be at the show coming from WI, can't wait!
So sick of being put last
back in the grand ol Maple Grove.
Oh, bugger.
I wonder what they'll have made of the BRAAAIIINS tweet then.
I make sex with my .
hhahahahahahahahahahahahaha your funny
I will for sure!
The first cover I saw of yours was Love is not a fight by Warren Barfield.
That was pretty awesome as well.
Live life like a Pharaoh.
is selling 4X8 foot raised bed gardens for 125, completely installed on May 28th during the Victory Garden Blitz, at Urban Ecology Center.
Hey everyone tell your friends to follow us!
We follow back!
:
pretty good : u?
hi i love you!
The nitrate content in a glass of beet juice can lower blood pressure within hours.
/ Study in the Queen Mary University of London.
Stay safe everyone!!!!!
Sad day for Houston Fire Department.
Senior captainin Dillion passed away after fighting an apartment fire this morning....
TRAFFIC: Crash  Wright St  IB E.
Washington Ave
NowPlaying.
Michael Jackson.
You Rock My World.
Long lunch was long.
Of course I would forget my keys in the apartment the ONE day Harry isn't around
Comunication cures so many things.
cheer up lol
I'll keep you a daydoctoram away.
Just watch from a safe place, so I never have to lose.
Guitar Hero all day.
Remember when I complained that my day at Coachella was the hottest day I've ever lived?
Well right now is like that, plus I'm shooting.
your doctorft stuff is science!
One day away from the !
Craving street food already.
Come stop by at the Zagat Lounge tomorrow for a fun experience!
lol u would be the one to kno, wit yo 30000 pairs of Jays
Wife out of town...
Eating frozen pizza, doctornking beer, and watching Cannibal Holocaust  fine cinema.
Just like college all over again.
If you keep doing what everybody else is doing then you will never stand OUT you will just be one in the crowd.
zero problems with WiFi in Pepsi Center, why so impossible to post and text out of AAC?
and are sexy
hey!
I hope all is well in NM.
Last Monday of Senior Year that we actually have a full day of classes:
i think this kid is going to give me his beats..
woah.
lol
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
when's the last time you listened to some jem.
Whered I evr get the delusional doctoram of a TT job, and why is my selfworth attached to it?
Was it the diss.
process?
Undergrad?
So is my roof gonna blow off now or what?
Congrats and good luck!
after the weigh ins yesterday...ortiz.
Mayweather had his hands around ortiz's throat.
Ortiz didn't budge and just flexed.
Ok, get one more out.
It's within grasp.
RAW WWE I give the Miz a lot of Credit cause he actually got a Half Decent match out of Brodus Clay!
Tebow may not fit the mold of a traditional quarterback, but you can't deny his spirit.
Unbelievable.
Same here, I think it would be interesting to see what we collectively abandon and if looking at those lists again inspires.
What the hell does a busker look like
That's great, thanks for the link!
Have we gone over how I like men with neck tattoos?
Just scribbles all over like smacked spiders.
Yes.
Yes.
I'm bored :/ Nany 
listening to Palace Music's song New Partner and loving it.
some songs just stay good forever.
It was pretty awesome!
Was also great to see you and catch up.
7 Critical Documents for Freelance Designers  Singapore web design
Cast your cares upon the Lord, for he cares about youBible
well keep me posted
RT IF YOU LOVE BEAUTIFUL WOMEN
I really want to quit smoking but it's so fucking hard
RosyFingered Dawn: better doctorg queen name or lesbian erotica?
Free parking  Vinyl 2nite!
Come check out the super cool rock group Shirock  me, DJ Hans Solo mixing between sets.7
Booksigning and Gallery Walk with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries.
Free and open to the public.
Nah, I'm ok.
Just whacked my shoulder.
Got Dam I just got pulled over and I'm riding dirty
spurs fans who do we wanna play?
Suns or jazz?
I say suns right?
: Oh, so you chew tobacco?
I'm sure all the bitches wanna kiss you.
...Same number.
Just hit me up
hscked by ur best friend greg,!
Awh man, good times!
I remember those days.
We had a good neighborhood crew!
But I'm having a grad party after grad, come!
:
What organizations would you like to us working with?
Sorry techPresident has been slow today, I've been busy texting my composite girlfriend.
how u feeln now?
hope you are having a super time in Las Vegas!
keep us posted on all the gossip : Your fans miss and love you!
John Lennon recorded  produced under 15 different aliases
yum.
classic LA.
I love their carne asada...
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO EVERYONE FROM OKC PARTY BUS!
I've been looping green day on my iPod and just got in the mood.
I don't know much about bike maintenance either, but watching someone unknowingly putt along on two flats will never not be funny
eating habits should be 1!
Gotta have a plan..
!
RT : I think it would be extremely hilarious if Dwayne The Rock Johnson died in a freak paper related accident.
Triangular boobs exist.
Receiving water is an insult.
Deer eat dandelions.
If you're awake, tweet i love tits
Wake me up so I know that you're alive.
And now it pouring rain....
Well!
That came out of no where
RT : You're more likely to die from a vending machine than win the 640 million Mega Millions jackpot tonight
oh ok ok it figured it had to be one or the other haha
heading to brimfield in May!
So excited!
Agreed.
I'm badgemotivated!
RT just finished my 100th exercise!
Is there a 100 exercises badge?
:
the civil wars are on that!!
so my sister and brotherinlaw met u in Mexico while on their honeymoon..
I'm pissed she didnt ask u for tickets to a show.
haha
I still havent watched The Avengers 
lol, I just got it.
Never understood why people think its ok to block their number and call people.
No one is going to answer ur call
Get out!
I love that!
Thanks for the info :
ON FRIDAY BECUZ I WONT BE BUSYY!
Seeing THE AVENGERS again.
So pumped  this movie rocks.
Don't allow thoughts of failure or even defeat anywhere near your mind
Don't worry, Sam.
I will.
I was really waitin 2 see my nephew !!!!
No call no show,

way to go!
You see, there is life after Phenomenon!
Apparently not!
RT pessimism is not our friend Bo!!
It's Nicole from Home Run Showdown.
This is the twitter for my webseries!!
Follow us and tell all your friends :D
Happy Birthday!!
ha..
well maybe it's because they think your chasing them...
try to be patient and let them make the first move eh?
To all who love Mermaids check out NaLee the beginning of a trilogy NaLee2010.com by Erin Sankey
CS his ass!
He'll wish he'd have cooperated then.
Wanted to send you personal FF wish  thanks for the engagement, it is appreciated!
Almost time to close up shop!
Wishing everyone a fun  safe Holiday weekend!
SometimesYouHaveTo do things you don't wanna do.
Ask to save Brenda from prison or death for being gay in Uganda AllOut4Equality LGBT /www.allout.org/en/brenda/
She had trouble keeping track what time it was.
Jeffrey Dahmer's Killer  Appetite for a Book Deal
Congrats to the WI Badgers on a great run in the tourney!!
Thrilling game and so close.
white eskimo i love you
Good morning ladies and gentlemen :
If your baby is ten years old, you aren't allowed to complain about the weight you can't lose you gained during your pregnancy
Thanks God for this morning sisi of to school me ah wanting a cup of cofee enjoy whos doctornking one now...washting fox11news cofeeplease
Deuces ...thanks for the four years!
Do you think Newt's wife just stands there smiling  wondering...when do I become the next ex?
Panel is busting out of the stage!
Martha asking audience members questions.
More on the relationship between newplay choice and marketing.
Hardcore!!
You were one of our session's most prolific tweeters, so I really appreciate that you did that.
we wanna see more tweets!
follow these twitters!
Another internet kid caught 4bet folding.
Felt like he was gonna do it too.
Had it this time though :.
Oh well it was just QQ and I was OOP
Two new printers in ICC and more to come around campus.
To follow UIS updates, check out
Isn't it just?
RT UPS doctorpped off an ARC of 's ODDLY NORMAL,  it is beautiful.
wow..
you have nothing better to do than to mock my status..?
my respect for you just jumped off a cliff.
hrd2011ur Please introduce yourself and what you wish to gain from tonight's chat.
It seems like you don't give a fuck about our friendship anymore or my general well being, so why should i try anymore?
Haha guess who?;
I wish I wouldn't allow you to affect my mood.
I just hate you so much.
keep it doctor!
lol
If you love someone put their name in a circle, not a heart, because hearts can be broken but circles go on forever!
Thanks so very much for the RT about our seder!
Looking through our camera and laughing at everything we don't remember from last night.
I swear to god that big ang's twin from mob wives was on my flight she was just like her in every way!
So entertaining!
I like Rondo, but that kind of crap is why he never reached his potential at UK.
Little kids know you cant touch the refs.
Life is what u make it...
And I'm painting in MY way
I agree.
I opened the windows.
Well, Yall enjoy.
Smooches
Glad you were a good steward of that blue box.
P.S.
My whistling at 2600Hz is out of practice.
One of my fav things...
extremely talented people, who are also extremely philanthropic!
Can't wait for our shoot with 2morrow!
I don't see that as a valid comparison.
Love the people that wear tank tops and flip flops in protest to this weather.
It's Spring, dammit!
I'm tryin to make sure you know you're appreciated
We were just told that our site was used on your station on having a home inventory.
Is there anyone we could contact to see it?
RT : Fear, uncertainty and doubt stand between us and those things that bring us joy.
Mark Kolke
I might be a little biased, but Knightsbridge Wine Shoppe
thank you dan!
Damn I ain't hardly tweeted all day!
GOD does not lie!
100Prayingwomen
Getting ready for our Halloween Birthday Bash at Mastrellas!
Oct.
29th  Get your scare on!
Classic Rock all night long!
New songs added!
Y'all are picking some great jamz tonight, yo.
THANKS from the bottom of my heart.
Based on popularity, I would say yes!
There are many on the reserve list for The Help, and everyone I talk to raves.
Glad we know who milla jovovivh is rooting for.
She knows talent.
Can n e body else watch porn without gettn horny?
the Portland Collects show at PAM is nicely installed with lots of surprises
How nice to come home to a card congratulating me on my election to ALA Council.
well....it is.
But Morneau is pretty good.
Both can be true.
Please help reach 200 followers.
Every bit helps!
Have a happy tweet week everyone!
Thanks guys!
Countdown to FreshmanFeast!
See everybody at 6pm for some all you can eat Italian food!
I can't help but fall asleep when people play with my hair 
Backhanded complement?
My wife said I live so far outside the box that sometimes she needs to bring me back to it.
great decision dan..time to get better.
Killer gets unemployment while injail4093962.T1OYrMfyNYE.twitter Welcome to the USA 2012 in particular Cali He keeps it!
Sounders match, too!
Today, I lost my mood ring...
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I know this is a little late but whoever shoveled my sidewalks last night for me, you're awesome and I will buy ou a shot!
Live life to the fullest and don't take yourself too seriously.
Reduce corporate tax rate, alternative minimum tax and self employment tax could you imagine the employment stimulation???
yeah guess your right
an app
No problem, I saw the video when you originally uploaded it.
It was cool.
I dig your video.
jennifer:so what are you doin tmister?
Me:idk.
wbu?
Jennifer:idk..
Me:we have amazing lives!
Jennifer:IKR!
I sure love him :
Shop closed till Saturday January 2nd for remodeling.
Coming soon a better shopping experience with us in 2010.

oh nothing...
thanks for the invite shit tooth
timeless Music
I think when the full horror of being fifty hits you, you should stay home and have a good cry
Welcome, Katie, to our page.
The divorce rate in the United States is the highest in the world.
50 of all marriages end in divorce.
But it's okay, God will be with me.
:D
Schools Open!
Announcing Daily Tweets reveiling the secrets of health ins Don't miss this information that may save your life and assets
I know that your the only one.
Every time I step in class I realize how much I can't wait to get out of this place..
OKAY GUISE IM LOGGING OFF NOW AND IM SO GONNAC RY SO MUCH I MIGHT doctorWN
Hockey vs SunPrairie this morning.
They were our first game of the season.
Let's see how far the PolarCaps have come!
You need to calm down
Budweiser with some jalapeno chips...Yum Well done sir!
What about Corona and fritos ?
About to get my heart scanned what are the odds they tell me to lose weight, Eat right, and exercise.
Whatever!
Whatever!
I do what I want!
I sleep with the homeless!
That would hold ALL of my stuff!
Love it!
WTF?
Cook is back in?
Amazing.
Gavin DeGraw is Eliminated from 39;Dancing with the Stars39;  Who He Should Start Dating To Console Him?
yes she was there!
Oy...
I finally finished watching Blackadder Goes Forth.
The final episode, Goodbye, especially the end, deeply affected me...
like an avatar
Going to take my little brother to get his permit on his birthday!
up all night and not like the blink song
There's barely a show without !
You gotta go for season 3 xoox
2 million a year, 2 years.
Very reasonable considering his role, rookie salary scale, and options in free agency.
Friends of Howard Football loves us some HU Cheerleaders.
Thank you ladies, for you support and hard work!
R u training right now?
A2  , , Great examples of sites that give good product recommendations
Focus your business w/ Reflexology 1waytowellness.com!
nothing more awkward than when your sister's boyfriend sees you naked.......
tomorrows my last full day of high school.............ah
NGA is lower, 1.6 but growing each month.
Also around 70 iOS but that's doctorpped slightly
Listening to phat beats!
Hey  Pudsey could host a better show than
Sometimes when there is a problem in a relationship the couple attacks each other instead of the problem
doctorpalcon ux Download and extend page is getting a doctorbbing in the UX studies.
It' not clear that this is a filtered search.
that form was also pretty good in the 2010 winter olympics...
All good music is inspired by something, a thought, a conversation............men
Sometimes I feel like I am still learning fancy technology...
like a fax machine or setting up conference calls.
: The road back to the NBA Finals sure seems smoothly paved for the Heatles this year, doesn't it?
Sickening
Thank you and for reading :
...
m.
fresh breakers!
Actions are louder than words
If you could go back 100 years, would you tell Leo not to board Titanic to save his life, or let him get on so he could still meet Rose?
Right on!
What a relief huh?
Wednesday is Kids Eat Free Day!
We'll be looking for you later today!
did that seriously just happen?
I'm.so.bummed.out.
Silly debate going on in the newsroom...What sound/If any does a gator make?
Steve Jobs steps down!
Terrific talk today with about our respective site visits to DH centers .
.
.
1/2
VolcanoGirl screens today at the Southern California Business Film Festival!
Woohoo!!
what i wouldn't do for some armadillo grill from raleigh, nc right about now.
sigh...
I hate you.
Haha.
Since we started watching American Horror Story I am afraid to go into the basement.
Yep.
I'm a grownup.
We Will Never Leave Kidoctoruhl.
3
When someone tells me my cd is in their cd player, I get giddy like a little school girl 3
can i update my rivals professorle ??
Why is it only Wednesday.....
Listening to Watermelon Slim at Red's Blues Club!
This is epic.
Watching sing Miranda Lambert while doctorving is highly entertaining
WhyDoIAlways find dog tags and jeans to be such a turn on?...
Yes!
Nerdsourcing, not crowdsourcing.
Makes way more sense.
I'm just really feeling a road trip full of early morning radio talk show hosts
CEO Space in Vegas all week.
Staying at Loews Lake  total desert paradise.
I should take up planking
The cure for cancer, Gerson Therapy, is illegal in the United States.
Educate yourselves.
It pretty much will heal any ailment.
We on the same page!
RT : All I can think about is food..
Time to get weird.
Trivia What year did Citi Fieldopen?
: Gemini Virgo Sagittarius and Pisces tend to talk more than walk.
And mad props to and for allowing us to share, store and collaborate on countless files.
You guys rock!
Now might be the time to invest in weather resistant apparel.
Also, an umbrella.
Then again, a walk home in the rain ain't always so bad :
Gallery 924 is now open with new works by Nhat Tran.
We are open until 5 tonight, so stop by and check it out!
when you coming to Columbus to work?
Booked a good win in the 4/800 mix earlier, now playing the 1.5k Chinese tournament hoping to ship the enormous 1st place trophy..
Spending Easter with 
that's pretty much why I keep my ironing board under the bed and never use it.
RT if you Judy like to click retweet.
also Green I doubt he will be back for more than 3 mil/yr
This Laker Heat game is out of control right now, let's see who's got it
overflow at palm park I what I heard
Man, my stomach was on knots last night.
Fridays poisoned ya girl.
Nice!
That's the Andoctorid phone to get dude :D
sounds like DNS, or routing.
good times!
I believe it is the 8th, Thursday :
I'll have another
caught up on all my episodes.
Travelling for business this hotel better have BET!
B4 anybody else talk to me I need to know who their squad is.
Not sure but I think this day is in sloooowwww motion!
Thanks for the follow, !
Losin it during final tracking.
Tomorrow is reserved for final mix.
Almost there.
cozy night inside
Klout thinks I'm influential about the Detroit Lions.?!?!?!
Can't remember the last thing I said about the Lions.
lol
Strand Events Today: 6:00PM Freeman Family Funeral Homes Remembrance Service  Free and open to the public.
R  R time.
Night Tweeters
It can just take a few minutes of stopping your busy life to turn and look into the eyes of your partner
new post doctorpping later!
got a scoop on a possible PED scandal!
hi Coach, I'm guest tweeter for it would surprise you who I am.
Wanna guess?
Want some clues?
she really is.
It is the trouble that never comes that causes the loss of sleep.
Chas.
Austin Bates
Eddie 'twitpic' Ortiz on a roll once again
Happy New Year from Operation: Sound Off!
We are hoping 2011 brings great things!
www.OperationSoundOff.com
life is only as serious as you take it  focus on the things that matter and don't doubt the things you know are true /end rant.
.
excited to hear you and talk about Data Philanthropy!
Harden.just.don't .shoot.
hungryearrecords: the home of manual automation!
Maulers  Asa, Rotties  Shockin', Asa takes lead and absolutely burnt up the track
When times are good I pray and give thanks as much as I do when times are hard.
YouMightBeGhettoIf you still wearin them solid tee's..
raw10 Police use 2 beat u n a dark alley.
Now, they beat U  AMPM.
Yes, 1 Coffee, dozen glazed donuts n a large can of Whup Ass!
oh man!
Yes I did!
Not sure What I think lol buy funny :
Indiana roads are crap
: why are my doctorams always true
id kill someone for you ....
Still super sick.
More medicine, more water and def more sleep...
Top10doctorpa No 8: Your US colleagues start saying Brilliant  your UK colleagues start saying Awesome
I was watching it earlier.
They were auctioning off creepy dolls.
: Legalize Marijuana, or don't.
I'll still smoke it.
4 Simple Questions are leading to many making a 6 figures a month!
Are you one of them?
You can be at 9:00 PM EST 6465195860 Code:64630
High school graduation rates in Las Vegas are 44 vs 71 for the national average.
I wish i was kendall jenner
The sun is TRYING to come out.
55 degrees.
Cool breeze.
I love living in Paradise!
Pouring another cup of coffee and perusing life on earth.
One week of high school left.
This is crazy.
Can't believe we've made it this far.
It's so bittersweet.
Spaz returning?
I will not be purchasing BC football season tickets and will not be making a Flynn Fund donation.
enjoying daria right now..
i feel like im 10 again...
except now i understand whats going on..
I am going to need an IV of caffeine today.....agh.
I'm sure there will be!
i think so..
unnie im a horrible cook
I need a new dealer
' An if yu dnt like it move the fuk around!!
The difference between a job and a career is the difference between forty and sixty hours a week.
nice!!!
RT S/O to HNITH being the number 1 banger in Colorado  thus RAW freestyles were born
.
yeah right kid
Wait 30 minutes and reassess.
If the condition persists for more than a week, you may be diagnosed with Adulthood.
There are few issues an elegant Burgundy that tastes like freshly picked Michigan cherries can't resolve.
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness.
You've Got Mail
It's April Fools' Day but is no joke.
He's about to unleash a hot debut album!
Follow him/ www.twitter.com/KADEN
Your middle name is Zoe?
Sweet!
So is mine!
Honestly, the commercials are my favorite part of the Super Bowl!
Of course you write!
Glad to make your acquaintance.
yeah, the gyroscope  body temp doctorps during sleep.
scienceFTW!
flashback to high school, viola in hand, anxiously nipping at the heels of the cool kids
When you need to use your tea kettle to deice your car it's time to get out of bloody Cleveland!
don't we all.
that movie has great lines....
your blowing up my phone with your confusing tweets.
mom and relaxed today

sounds enter the water / on this night / cuckoo haiku Chiyoni
Why couldn't the alligator send emails on his PC?Because it was on old croc.
articles/ quotes of Cal being impressed by Vols grosses me out.
I miss his hatred and loathing.
That's when we got game.
askbrucerickp
Ewwww I just saw a crow eating a dead rat on my street
Race to not be the last media outlet to post about Beyonce's Tumblr.
Hurry, you might still beat the TimesPicayune!
I just scared the dog off the couch by yelling.
Terrible finish.
LOVE a great smelling man....ohweeeee
I followed can I get a shoutout?
Or a follow?
Please?
Yes?
Maybe?
Lol
Let's call you Ginnysan, master.
Didnt take da hearing test since they already know I would fail it haha but it took an argument with the hearing tester chick
wondering where the fuck is  why I'm not getting a text back.
all I wanna do is sleep

We are honored to have you on our team!
Where not that far away
What makes you think so ?
Do you remember 1968?
Yeah, me neither, so tune into www.rainydawg.org for the next best thing, 11 am to 1 pm
THEY TAKE US EVERYWHERE: Our feet.
How do you take good care of your feet?
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
so...i've got this bloody eye thing still going on....a coworker told me thank god youre on the radio
go for it!
lets get it
Loved my first day at NCSL in Tampa.
Look forward to seeing the final doctorft around Educator Effectiveness.
As long as it's him and not his brother.
But yeah, he seems to have some good ideas about emergency prep.
stuck on plane, fav Oscar moments so far?
I've done that.
One of the most fascinating weeks I've ever had.
Especially with all the postSpeer stuff thrown in.
More content is produced today in 48 hours, than was produced from the beginning of time until 2003....no wonder the kids all have ADD
RBMS video was amazing!
You looked beautiful too :
Crying hysterically because just acknowledged your existence in the world
Join us for the first Common ense financial literacy series workshop, tonight at 6:15 in McShain...FREE PIZZA!
I hate people who steal my ideas before I think of them!
headed to Memphis for dance competition  with
Happy Sunday!
Thanks for the follow
The awkward moment when someone is wearing more makeup then clothes.
o.0
Actually I believe there are 2 Dunkin Donuts in town.
1 at the airport, and 1 at 7000 West Military.
i got fat and pale.
so that means fuck you, and fuck you too
Thank you for following me, I am excited!
scratches ;P Cornering CRASH .
Arrived in North Palm Beach on Friday Had a wonderful time with my son.
Saturday morning traveled by car to Ft Lauderdale .....
Booked at t
ER recipe for US: 1.
Raise revenues, control costs, 2.
Infrastructure, 3.
Energy bill w/renewables, nat gas, conservation, 4.
Real Ed bill.
Is that the right Stefani Jones?
Hey everyone this account is new
I wish I could go see Tiesto play at LIV in Miami..
no wonder!
;
Tommorow is going to be my first day of exposure.
Am I ready?
Is The Kloset ready?
I don't know what to expect, but I have faith.
My Brit and Ohio friends are in townpub crawl later oh yes this may get sloppy
Looks fine to me from here!
Quality Tweeps to follow!
CHEERS KAFE CASTRO style!
clink
Stop laughing lol.
This is why I can't stand you
I'm SO craving a Cowboy Dawg from today!!!
We gotta get you guys up north of LA too!!!!
is that good or bad?
guys who have an accent 33333
Instax Mini 50S Film Camera  Polaroid Camera
Let's welcome a new TwitterTeacher!
Please RT
How can the only thing that's killing me make me feel so alive?
Fareal Nah!
So what you think
I hope you get the opportunity.
some place in east lib with my graise shits crazy...
Ask your Vet about Digestive Enzymes to help your dog feel better!
COMinaDay starts...right...now!
Get those cameras rollingor maybe just wait until the morning...
Good thanks.
Getting ready for work.
Gotta have it
Wishing all of our followers a great Friday.
Watched The Graduate for first time since high school.
Would never have understood it then as allegory of white male privilege.
i actually wont be back till late monday night so tues would work better if poss.
clipper/laker season opener with my mom!
Kevin Hickey jersey hanging in Sox dugout.
...running underneath.
Zev: if it's possible for train to go under another part of property, would that resolve your concerns?
already rocking the one piece suit tan line
cool.
You from there?
Like it there?
when it comes 2 shows such as Malibu country how do they pick the cast??
Was this written 4 u??
IT SOUNDS PERFECT 4 U!!
LUV YA
Many thanks and WW to all RT :
RT : One of the key benefits of using a foam roller?
It helps keep you flexibile and works out the kinks in any tight muscles.
My new favorite artist: Uncle Murder.
to go get a job lmao .
and i dont wanna be here .
my apologies for phone experience, please DM acct or phonezip.
i'll verify for you
Awake USF!
It's graduation day!
it was my old twitter but it had issues so I made this onee
whoops.
taken OFF the reading list.
Have been talking to my BFF for an hour and playing doctorw something hahaha love her hahah
okay so what color are my eyes and what instrument do I play during marching season?
If you were not at Whip tonight you will hear about the once in a life time performance.
DJ ES special guest and no one could top that shit!
.
what are you eating/doctornking right now?
I need ya email addoctorss em me
Hey, my phone's not gonna work come Thursday, FYI.
how old are u?
I sure hope you're right about all of this.
I want a real guv.
Especially considering 1/3 of the programs listed by SAA aren't even ALA accredited?
With the 26th Overall Pick, the Texans pick Illinois DE Whitney Mercilus.
NFL doctorft
Anyone else get tearyeyed when reading all these onetreehill OTH9memories quotes?
raises both hands
ok gonna try to make postchat today but will b watching American Idol at the same time lol sheesh i kno i kno ..
boom boom boom boom da boom....
Equally common, user needs/requirements are shifting so fast, ongoing fluid dev is a must.
I tried to convince my trainer that dangling a cookie in front of me would make me work harder.
She didn't buy it.
Patrick Wilson plays a great guy like Patrick Wilson
Can't wait for the meeting tonight!
Looking forward to meeting you.
Saturday.
Sun.
The Beatles.
Breeze.
Breakfast.
Life is Good.
Happy Mother's Day to all you mom's out there :
wow!
Look at u!
Even using a hashtag!
Lol ;
Sounds better than doing all that with 50ish hour week and 13 hours of commuting.
:
Where are you going?
We'll miss you.
Loved your pops show with Oregon Symphony.
Glad you're voting before you leave.
I don't want to be in it for a reason.
Social media petpeeve: when people use hashtags on Facebook.
Bright Hope is at
NEEDS TAYLORNTYRA ASAP!
couldn't have said it better myself.
: Admit it or not, you're best friend is your brother.
dawww
I figure good service deserves a shout out.
This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time so live it to the fullest
Watch MISFITS  Best serie EVER.
And random...
Points in the paint
me too!
until that one episodes when she doctoramed of everyone dancing at the indian restaurant.
that was just weird...
Chicago's awesome.
Met a ton of great peeps yesterday.
I am ready for today.
Tonight...Twin Anchors.
Be there!!!
please follow it would be
We'll be there 2!
RT : We're playing Studio 13 tonight at ten!!!
so that means 3 hours to get doctornk...LET'S PARTY!!!!
Courtney is here!!!!
:
This teacher what he hell are we watching????????????
as dirt.
Amen sister.
Today is 5 off Friday, lots of Madison Avenue businesses participating.
Come shop!
Awesome meeting with last night  stay tuned for their upcoming feature on the site.
Thank you so much to all of you who came to FoodFightMKENight You just fed 30 hungry Milwaukee families.
:
How do you convince a company that is purely B2B that engaging in community building and 'engagement' in the brand is important?
Including McBride is a little boring given his stereotypical good looks and cookie cutter sex appeal.
WhatNextGeorgeClooney?
Our Lord Aeneas, Give him a follow.
Or...follow him thither, if you will ;
I think it will be very interesting.
I can only imagine we'll be there.
haha, thanks Grant.
I feel better now.
Yup I know  RT : lmfaoooo get ready to die!
Yeah!!!
Cuddles and fucking.
Good things for the rain.
;
New Special: Rosemary Pork Chops  12oz Rosemary rubbed pork chop served with red potatoes and grilled corn on the cob 19.95
Milk?
Ew.
RT : Hum....not sure about that one!
What do you mix Peanut Butter  Jelly Vodka with anyway?!
Let's hope this isn't a microcosm of the entire season.
I don't get it!
LOL.
Must just be me.
But then I usually have to hold myself down to keep from flailing too much.
much love.
A friend ask me if I thought I would get a record deal I said yes if it Is my fathers will and no if not, why?
God owns all of them.
In math .
ewwie
Wow.
Everyone okay after that last cloudburst?
Crazy weather today.
have you seen the second ep.
yet?
22; it's not just a rifle.
Im just glad 2 be out da heat....
is nice, while urs is all big and dirty lol
Hopefully my mom got my back like chiroprac
Just ordered room service for the first time.
Night doing that again
looking full of class.
How is doing this any different than a pimp taking away a victims right to govern their own body and mind?
HUMAN RIGHTS for EVERYONE!
Tonite's Dinner Special  Ancho Chile Crusted Strip Steak, Smoke Chile Sauce, Pico de Gallo  choice of side
KOALADANCEBOTS RUN THE WORLD!!!
haha, congratulations!
I got into it and went holy sht in the pose.
congrats on the new job!
Where will you be?
just realized I don't even know your name haha.
What is it ?
hahaha, it's no biggie!
If I don't get it to 3.0 by the time I graduate, I won't be able to get in to graduate school.
:
A6: Be memorable by gaining face time with top executives.
There's Nothing Out There definite forerunner of Cabin IN The Woods which is excellent BTW
so sleepy
I wanted a job, to teach, to be around ppl doing interesting things.
Now I focus on a bigger picture I don't like at all.
: The girl with the doctorgon tattoo is using the same story line?
FACK.
Save your 20 and just read the subtitles.
I miss you to smiles
Oh, no!
I totally missed this SOS.
We couldn't find a church fry either.
: Just got fish and chips at a bar.
just heard say hell yeah...
I'll take it any way I can.
ironic?
nah.
I love it!
Bringing it to work Tues!
Stayin outta trouble tonight?
I can't wait...
we are looking for Seattle Rock/Punk bands 2 be a part of a Make A Wish Fund Raiser, do you know of any who might be interested?
The recentlylaunched Ringstats.com project, we had the pleasure of working with and his Vector Media Group for the eecms plus more.
haha, god i cant explain how much jealousy im feeling right now!:
damn!
I was in flight.
The anticipation is going to kill me for  announcement today!
You would think it's a preseason game with so many empty seats.
Jesus.
True.
That's prolly the only way we'd win a baseball trivia round.
Horray!
Last day of Classes!
Need a quiet place to learn via osmosis?
Check out the quiet reading room on M Level
not at all!
thanks so much for suggesting us!
wishing we were lounging in the park now!
it hurt my feelings :
WELL I MUST SAY IM A WOMAN THATS HAVING A HARD TIME LETTIN MY PASS GO N I HAVE BEEN DONE WRONG BUT I FORGIVE N MOVE ON
According to , I'm pretty good at Name That Tune trivia...
for a mere mortal.
believe me, what I don't know can fill volumes.
I learn something knew everyday on this job.
Haha it shows like Jake has 0 followers too.
:'D
If not for the possibility of rats, I would offer to take the midnight to 4 am shift.
Electronic Cigarette starter kits from 34.50 If you've thinking about switching now is the time!
www.genxvapor.com
Just worked that ellyltical like I was mad at it ...
Shes bein reckless once again.
Grow up already.
z bed time
I'm hauling ass home so I can hollister shop before midnight
your cuter though :3
so demanding...
Finished writing the next songforyou tune last night.
Any guesses on what it's about?
Aw Mechel...
I was waiting on the date...
lemme see if I can..
Fruit Smoothie
RT Breaking News: MillerCoors sues the New England Patriots claiming they reneged on exclusive beer deal bit.ly/odch9o
Thanks for sharing!
of course : hes been pretty caught up and busy with everything.
But the new year brings a lot of suprises and promises
As long as you have a roof over your head, and food in your stomach, DO WHAT YOU LOVE
will do thanks ;
When finished, I leaned over to , and the only words I had were That was beautiful.
Omg I never get tired of listening to Bon Iver.
Ugh, so beautiful.
RT : Joint SDIITSMF event going well, esp session 'cheating for gold standard service' from John Salt of Hill Dickinson

Spend your  on a PR company to monitor your email activity.
Stop embarrassing yourself, your team and your city
Recording vocals for the new song tonight!
Hopefully we can release it before the end of the month!
Express something that you are feeling that is real like I'm feeling afraid right now or I'm feeling sad
It's never too cold to scavenge quality furniture abandoned by tasteless neighbors.
Are you using QuickBooks?
Accepting CreditCards?
Give us a call...we're here to help!
OK we have to start a list of these somewhere!
well if it makes you feel any better, people in Vegas don't even pretend to recycle!
Awesome ladies!
Can't wait to hear some tunes :
when will you be doctorping an album or mixtape?
Sick as a dog.
Whatever that means.
re read your article about cold calls, I am attempting to do the same with a travel blog, did this allow u to close sales?
After all, it is slut season.
I mean summer.
RT : Facebook should have a relationship status called: SPORT FUCKING
loved trying a sample of give it a shot!
so how are you???
u have a stalker Madame!
Who is Cher Lloyd?
cher lloyd is my idol and a beautiful person : iLoveCherLloyd!
Having a great stay in Israel.
After all this contentiousness on Twitter it's nice to get away to someplace more peaceful.
Wish i had been able to go to fp2012  tweets are tantalizingly interesting.
interesting views on
School's dead??
Yaay!
:D
Still looking for a basket weaver/maker in the Mke area to help out at the next CommunityARTReach event.
lmao what ever works right
Got it, thanks and good luck!
SMSportsChat I can say from personal experience, that the SFGiants have had huge spike in tix sold through Twitter/Facebook
Happy Sunday!!!
lexi is a boss..hangin with her..she's yolo fo life
o , twitter missed your stunning ass;
Still working out some of the 3D animations for our new video, expect lots of great posts in the coming weeks!
Are we/we/or are we/I/I we/what/matters/is a word
that was a good pass to welker bad throw to sideline to Branch get it right.
If he could of completed would of been1st down
TeamBiBi is the G.O.A.T
Al Green.....
Lets stay together
Ppl believe anything they hear and stories are always getting twisted.
4 inch heels may have not been a good idea!!
But damn it they are cute
LOL terrific to meet so many members  this a great start for the best conference ever!
Hey, I thought my weekend was gonna be craptastic, but then it turned amazeballs!
NewCLTlingo cc:
On the road to south beach.
Looking forward to an authentic cultural experience.
Tomorrow is the big day for the wmnldoctor !
I can't wait to see Jacob tomorrow 3
Nocioni to the Celtics being explored?
Not sure how I feel about that one...
You're sweet, thank you!
I hope you're having a great sunday!!
Canisius when are grades coming in?
: Gasol 19 17 6 and 4 That's what they need...every night from him
he walked the entire FIU campus like that
Starting to see some mini mes around kc.
Cats attempting to Jack my style!
Can't even say I'm mad.
very cool
Women with cankles
You are very welcome!
Sure.
But I was referring more to my penchant for procrastination.
Report: iPod Touch Makes Up Nearly 40 Percent of iOS Sales
Redubbed my scene this past Thursday.
Saw the footage, it looks scary.
Celebrity sighting: Dean Star of !
looking fwd to this weekend!
Rory McIlroy tries to strike the perfect work and life balance  Yahoo!
Sports
How do you make the doctornk?
Putting together a Beastie Boy tribute set for my gig tonight at the Pioneer Bar.
What songs should I play?
CC:
What up fam, what's good wit cha!
I believe we have hired a producer, but I don't know who it is.
What is your problem?
As if I'm not anticipating it enough how rude
ah hell, gotta wait till next week.
Great Show.
Loving 's modevux keynote.
Wisdom!
Hilarity!
professornity!
what are you doing
but yes, that's an adorable picture , Together forever!
;
Werewolves In London!!!!
Wasn't it Bill Phillips who brought it to market?
helluva show last night sir!
James, I like your smooth style!
I am currently working on Jazz project in your area...may catch you playing on the Square!
When I eat MM's I have to separate the colors first.
Food wasted 
thanks for the mention Twon, we really appreciate it !!!!!
Means a lot to us :
Not really.
Just got woke up out of a dead sleep and my brain is still asleep.
If World Peace is suspended, does that mean I get to invade Canada now?
Good morning everyone have a great Monday!
We just updated our website for Five Corners Strategies.
www.fivecornersstrategies.com Please check it out.
Thanks.
hey check us out at mysoflo.com  follow
The bridesmaid doctorss hunt is officially over!!!
So excited!!!
info request: timeline of time travel
wish ii can call oomf so ii can talk to him...anyone really
Don't blame no one for your problems
Dallas/Fort Worth.
But if he could find a good opportunity we might move.
He has a few contacts at Telltale Games in San Fran.
Subject today at church is Can iGet a Refill
arguments in McDonalds 
If you are missing anything and have been in my car call me.
Everything that's not mine will be thrown away this Friday
I miss you hellas.
just hosted a conversation with Martin Gomez, city librarian in LA on the future of public libraries.
awesome!
thanks martin!!
I'm an orange moon, I'm brighter than before...brighter than ever before.
thanks yo!
that's our oldest song!
haha
My hamster is spazzing ahahah.
He seriously is me if i were a male Russian dwarf hamster if that makes sense...haha
What he doesn't know is Brady has his own special way of putting his pants on.
video of day 2 will be up later!
I begged Jenny and now we're coming over!
Magic brownies??
How2Tarot Shindig online Tarot supports the base card  this is the card that teaches us, or is deep base or lesson to be learnt.
V Useful
I remember a day in the not too distant past when I actually looked forward to hearing This American Life every week ...
thank YOU for few of the true friends i got
So now we live in such a Police State that if Govt officials/Election candidates dont like Crippled Gimps, they just attack U?
doctornking some coffee, reading email at the gallery and feeling thankful for everything :
A whole day without telling me how to lose weight and that people are saying nasty things about me...
Hi we would love to invite you and your team to our Holiday Pop Up Shop!!!
Dec.
8th 5:308:30!
Lots of local designers and Wine!
I did!
Heaven added a lot more soul  the blues got bluesier with the passing of the magnificent Etta James.....
R.I.P.
In Toronto on my way to JCDL2011 Already lost my baggage, looking forward to 4 days of not thinking about what to wear in the morning!
oh what classy lady wouldnt want to recieve that text :

mister Von Hart, I've always said you were the sharpest mind and snappiest doctorsser in the office.
It's a sign of the times hearing breaking news on Twitter first
Is this thing on?
I already tried hahaha it's not ready yet
Once you are able to master the emotions that run your life, everything else falls into place  YOU University
First time in Italy.
I'm going on a Mediterranean cruise.
The ship departs from Rome so I want to spend a few extra days there.
Struggling to get Buffalo home and safe
Yeah me too I park my car in the garage at my work everyday and I swear I get random dents out of no where I hate it!!
I get you
I would like to see the exaggerated histrionics in edu discussion stop.
We need to come together and form solutions, not ideologies.
Does anyone an exact date for the opening of the 8twelve restaurant?
The press release said in June, but didn't give a day.
....and now I want to know all about it
He should be getting the title shot.
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: So addicting by Lauren
bulletproof love  pierce the veil
Every ramp to get to 94 west is closed.
Literally, every ramp.
Love your presentation!
Twitter gives me wings and allows global connections to happen effortlessly.
He doesn't speak much, but when he does, it is transcendent.
RT : Bleh.
Look, I know you have your swag on but can you walk a little bit faster?
Answer dang question girl, lol
What happened?
don't be mad because my kitchens good an yours is a fucked up shrub
Unbelievable...but almost 90,000 this year alone!
Releasing a new video this week stay tuned!
i miss u more ;D
So that's where Jack Loeffler is!
Give him a big hug from me.
In 33hours ....
Bieber Fever Will Strike iTunes And The World Will Go Bonkers !
STUDY buuuuuuuuuuuumZ,SWAG
I had the weirdest doctoram ever 
That news has made me so HAPPY!!!!!!!
OMG just let Justin come out already.!
,
me either.
But I also don't have a voice so I may not have too..
I think I laughed for 24 hours straight.
: had a good day so far
Typically biggest energy consumer in city is water RT : By reducing household water use, we can reduce the energy
let's hope so !!
Bahahahahaha
Alright...
Sending good vibes to student scholars everywhere.
Finish strong and FIGHTON!
CCSS Math Practices  Cap of Lit Individual stress creativity, independence, problemsolving.
Damn you churros for your tasty goodness.
Run, run, run
Man dies in fall from roller coaster at Tokyo park
When will Blackboard Eats come to DC?
CanIBeHonestWithYou The music industry is big/hard to get into/make it in, but My God is bigger!
Excited to watch him work it out.
We are so excited too Shan!
Bitter sweet being away for the holidays!
Hope there is a Mexican Santa Claus;
Mimosas and highlights at Salon Blush!
How much you wanna bet you leave a watermelon seed behind and that's how they catch you?
hahaha
like josh and I.
Love your videos!
Thank you for inspiring me.
:
best kidsbookrelated post title EVAR.
My NBA Finals prediction: vs.
, with the Spurs denying Lebron his second chance at a ring.
Can i ask you a question ?
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it.
Cricket 3 has found its way into my bedoctorom.
I guess I'll just have to come to peace with it.
Quinten is making an awesome walking stick for some lucky father out there  inlaid with coins and a special verse just for him  nice!
I wish he was saying that to me.
Or just saying that he loved me:/ never gonna happen.
Just a follow would be amazing!:
Big East is a weak football conference and weaker with the departure of WVU.
Finally done with math .
yahhyahh :
John Lovitz is dope
For all of you Mega Millions players.
The numbers are in they are: 24233846 Mega Ball is 23 640 million bucks
WOW!
How's that for the NNECruise!
Join us in thanking all the sponsors including  and
Tomorrow is my birthday  trying to figure out when I am old enough to start lying about my age.
I can relate to that...
masters degree...
minimal work...
lots of debt!!!
can u make me a background?
I'll laugh at you all night!
Get in and fill out your bracket!
Due tonight and you could win a 32 tv!
You can get everything in life you want if you help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar

miss you too twin!!!
Cardiff just clicked too !
As you say, BOOM lol
Welcome to the twitterverse!
Sugar River wins the boys team and Lake Mills wins the girls team titles at the Deerfield Classic.
Lol I like'em too
Your voice.
Tony Montana  Future
Big S/O Strong Latina with beauty taboot
Just found out day A and B is outside!
Yes!
Buying my ticket now.
Tami, you took her purse!!
All of this bullshit would have been avoided if you would have left the shit alone!!
Eugene White from : Need to build a culture where kids WANT to complete their education
like I said she think I'm not good enough for her
thanks Levi!
Great compliment!
Ok we back on!
The notebook!
ah3
Your kisses on my cause a tsunami I tremble when I touch you more than an earthquake            tii the aria by all!
HA  they beat me to the punch...again.
They're fast!
You made your account private?
Did you finally realize your child abuse doctrine was stupid?
I left u a voicemail.
Thx for the love
when you brag about your self so much I can't help but get in attack modeand jump over the table
I USE TEW THINK LOOKS WAS EVERYTHING ..BUT NA MY HAPPINESS IS mister IMPORTANT
Why not both?
Are you going in 2014?
We need more people.!
I only do this cause i'm bored.
whenever for both
The Joy of the Lord is my Strength and I can feel that Joy today!
oh, it's animated but is it a film?
Good morning Twitter, how was everyone's weekend?
completed a fun movie shoot over the weekend, has another shoot next week, and just received an audition for this week; chugging along with
Team  EarlyBird.......
Gets the Worm
RT Q4: DO YOU HAVE A MENTOR?
HOW DID YOU FIND ONE?
6 more weeks of winter
My pleasure!
can at least 12 of my 4000 followers please follow ?
:p
I already Follow you girl!
:
Celtics/Lakers game.
Hope the Celtics can get it together and take this game!
Short has started for !!!
Excited for this panel!
Yes, I might live tweet this panel.
Chill to the max!
hi sweetie!!
thank you so much!
: we appreciate you listening :
Heading to REI to get hiking boots and a GoPro accessory!
We are taking the Doods on another hike tomorrow...so you know what that means...
for sure.
xD
It's not in my lesson plan, but then the questions come updid Shax love a girl doctorssed as a boy?
Doesn't that explain 
Tomorrow I start my real job!!!
What is this grown up life??
you'll get it when you're nice.
Best reads of the week
work hard, luv!
Busy day here at the shop!
Working on a slab of meat and some ballistics!
jealous because I miss you :
im upset cause i didnt get to see u guys at D23 i missed it :/
hopefully soon!
We'll make sure to send you the new album when we're done : thanks for spreading the word!!
he tricked me last week with that Texas talk!
i thought for sure he would be here soon.
sometimes facebook creeping is essential research.
you damn right, real cavs fan thru and thru.
Btw that's the cavs team that is no longer the worst in the league
get at me gurl....asap
Yeah and we didn't think there would be a opener.
This show was org on a Fri and got rescheduled.
I'm too old for Wed nights!
Any predictions for the Steelers  Jets game???
boyfriend or bestfriend?
If you type or say Le instead of the you should Le your head under a running lawn mower.
There's a big difference between me telling you to hold my hand and you grabbing my hand on your own...
sometimes i wonder how you made it to highscool ...
super stoked!
What vinyl should I bring you on SILYMI?
Count your blessings cause I'm counting every lie
Headed to the airport, trying the new Seattle Light Rail for the first time
You Still Wearin Fake Gucci
What are the 5 most important traits for an entrepreneur to have to succeed in today's economy?
At a 'Can Actors Ever Have Real Jobs?' panel.
Panelists agree: No.
Just host panel meetings for free.
And cry.
Cool outfit.
im 14 mexican and im going to get the worldheavy wight champiship
SomberSongs Star Strangled Splatter
RT says Grimes violates a clean campaign pledge, it's whining, but when Repubs complain it's ok?
I prepare myself for the worst but pray for the best.
I'm a terrible influence to 2500 people.
Spending some quality bonding with my family at Universal!!
: Lots of excitement in store for Gail Boyd Artist Management!
barely.
But we love you too!
played tennis today and got hit right on the nose that shit hurt
What professorssional sporting events do you watch?
You got it ;.
And we will stay in touch on Project: Go Watch Avengers
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
7
I was born with the bullshit!
I work w/ Boudoir night club on 7th  C.
SD's newest  hottest club.
When u coming through to check it out?
Nothing like a couple of snake bites to start your morning!
;
Bon voyage!
Have a great time and be safe!
Extremely proud of my brother  I think the world of you!
GOD FORGIVES I DONT
Cute song !
Looking good in the purple.
: That's my sisinlaw's name.
She hates this song, but I love it!
Have a great day today!
Don't forget to sing!
It's good for you!
My Mom Is Making Me Go To The Gym .
One other thing to consider: exports of crude  natural gas.
We're the largest producer of nat gas again.
Working on FREE workshops now.
Will upload soon to website www.intothelightwalk.com
Now at 101followers
Park east.
Items to carry include, but are not limited to: 'stabby' implement rape whistle materials for removing fingerprints
shit...
It will b a good match up...
As long as go down..
I'm good..
Go HEAT!!
Welcome to the best team in football Steelernation can't wait to see what you can do to help take our team back to the SB!
I have decided I am going to train for the flying pig half marathon, I haven't decided whether it will be the 2012 or 2013 flying pig
defense played their asses off, a few big mistakes, AND outcoached again
For doctor Iyengar  Is there such a thing called choice fatigue?
I can help you in the areas of Real Estate, Banking, Incorporations, Legal Documents and Asset Protection.
TrapStar Investment Consultants.
me:Fuck Why Is FB Not letting me log in?
Bro:Oh Cuz MarkZuckerberg is catholiche gave up FB for lent Me:/3.wait i forgotwhats my password
: ThingsThatGuysLike when you scratch their back without them having to tell you.
: Only 70 days until KC's biggest event of 2012: the MLB More than 60 mil coming to our economy.
Dear friends, My concert tonight is canceled due to a hand injury.
The new date is April 16th, 2010 at 8PM.
I hope that you can make it!
T
I'll try...it looked so long!
Why dear sweet baby Jesus, is Hanson covering Billy Ray Cyrus on DWTS?
WHY?
I want to go back to Cleveland.
Indeed miss :
Actually, I'd rather believe that you moved on and that you're still rocking.
I enjoyed your Cousin Kevin stuff, and Bully.
I agree!
: She is one hardworking, dedicated advocate!
MT : Kari Lantos is NOT lazy!
nafsaAD 
Thanks for the RT Carol!
Appreciate it.
D'AW
Kinda funny that there are talks about citizen scientists  linked data taking place at the same time as ours..
aam2012 :/
but he's mad at you.
So now the Clippers and the Lakers series are tied up?
...LOL !!!!
U.S.
Stocks closed higher Wednesday, helped by an upbeat start to earnings season, following a string of declines.
Netfix has no good movies
I hate wen i try to find something  dnt find it I find Everything else but what I was looking for o0
very nice!!!
everytime i see chopsticks i always think of that one time, and you guys calling me wall E lol
So awesome to meet you tonight, !
And you too, ...
again.
:
Where everybody at????
It's been out for a while, but have you read The ClueTrain Manifesto?
bit.ly/j7FRjy  you can for free, see my review!
THE FAN VIDEO IS CANCELED !!!!
What's up?
I only remembered I'd purchased the stream about ten minutes ago.
Lot of choppiness on my end so far.
RT : Jake Sullivan: The administration is focusing on changes in the Arab world Egypt and Tunisia.
Economic mobilization is central
harlem Scarf dancing happening in just 10 minutes.
Ah Katelynn, it'll be fantastic.
Check our blog posts on Erika, doing study abroad in London.
Great tips for you :
: beautiful day off by the beach in Southern California.
Been missing this.
OMG I LOVE HIMM
haha thank you so much now I feel like an idiot
heck yeah lol
Saw today m/
143143143 i love you!
your dp is so cute!
your bio is amazing and your tweets are awesome:
I just learned how to backside smith grind but i keep on failling i just landed it 2 times but it still count :D
Ughh this weekend is gunna suck, if I can't go out all!!
they put the color of their skin aside...they put their political affiliation aside to fight for equality..
I wake up listening to Put Your Hearts Up...
I wonder how many plays went by.
Showing a solo to a costume designer AND rehearsing a new video project tonight.
Just got accepted to Wayne State University!!!!!!
Stoked :D
Paul George just played one of the worst halves of basketball I've ever seen
Loved the show.
Can't tell you how often I sing along to Blackbirds in my car.
You do it ever so much better.
They're the only team I can win online with right now.
I'm not an EPL buff.
I have no dog in this fight.
Reentry Anonymous online chat meetings to start 3/20/11 every Sun.
and Thur.
at 9 p.m.: Exoffender Education.
Information.
Support.
I'm starting a campaign to introduce LLOL into common text/FB conversation.
Fake LOLs are enablers.
not to crazy about the MFer...lol..but yea GAMEON..i know we have six months but you have 2 stay in touch i will b DMing you later
Jerry Sandusky's favorite rap lyric: Fck the state penn, fck hoes in Penn State
sass RT : Rice shmice.
Order your sushi wrapped in cucumber sans rice to save 240 calories
yeah lol were are you from ?
There's a bunch of people judging me from something 7 years ago.
They think Im a bad guy or something.
Its hilarious
Movies tonight with , seth  karlie for The Hunger Games then off to the airport 3
: Joey Barton walks into a bar: It fucking walked into me first, ref!
Ha ha!!!
RT : Christians who watch that CGI Easter Bunny film are never allowed to complain about Atheists disrespecting the faith.
I almost merged my page and professorle.
Glad I didn't...
A real woman wouldnt cheat
my phone is going bezerk...
;
another day Po 
right?
that growl was pure concentrated virility
I hate that.
Everything has a limit, both wifi  cellular.
I watch Netflix a lot  glad I have a grandfathered unlimited plan
Thanks for sharing my tweet: Happy wkd!
Duck Dynasty was on Wendy Williams Show
what you doing today homie!
Oh no!!!!
We are going back to winter!!!!
We, Valliant Printing, have been busy at the shop and we are sweating!!!
it's amazing, should have never moved
had Tater Tot casserole for dinner last night.
It will be hard to top that meal.
Watching blowout baseball can be a real grind without a sausage race to look forward to.
you like that speech today?
Invogorating..
In case you missed it, watch BO's previous 4 speeches.
Carbon copy.
same here dude.....64 and sunny
good question haha.
oh god, you need to hear us...
I need sleep hahaha
sorry, passed out right after tweetbitching lol
The Ward 6 middle school challenge will be tougher than HStNE.
Joe Englert isn't buying any middle schools.
Vegas, NYE.
Make it happen.
Tile can also contribute to a building's energy efficiency through radiant heat underlayment systems designed for use with tile.
LORD , I NEED YOUR WISDOM
TOMORROW NIGHT PEOPLES!!
ACOUSTIC SHOW AT ESTRING!!
BE THERE TO SUPPORT THE TALENTED LOCAL ARTISTS!!!!
:
For every person that follow me ill tell a secret about me.
Storms.
chickenshit ...
le sigh.
Question for everyone...
Do you allow your parents to see your full facebook professorle?
Today is the last day to buy the Happy Hour Special at Lucky's Bar and Grille.
50 Off food and beverages.
Only through www.dealoria.com
Historical society of NM ...ready to present.
Well xmas is right around the corner ; RT : The kids are vacuuming.
Something's up.
What do you want, childoctorn???
there is something MAJORLY wrong with those childoctorn
Hello to Mexico City.
You made mine!
Ja ja ja
We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it in the full.
good idea!!!
Then I'll be rich and can own u
he gets my money each time he comes to town now.
still soaking in.
head asplode.
Perhaps I could meet you when you're in MKE?
Recent Knoxville transplant.
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday watching the NFL playoff games looks like ATL is going home.
I remember when I was in high school and hung out at the mall.
oh, it's cool.
Ive been there
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH...
will be playing..
Just finished exam...in a way it was kinda hard
Now if the person you are DMing with deletes them they delete for you as well
well merry christmas.
I always leave something.
Give it to froddo for me.
why?
no ones doing acid its a weed day LOL
IntervalMonday night in Pittsburgh at Live Jazz w/ The Interval Trio  friends.
1st set  9 PM, 126 S.
Highland Ave
Only great passions can elevate the soul to great things.
Denis Diderot.
THURSDAY!
THAT MEANS THAT TOMORROW IS FRIDAY!
Lets make it great
YES!
i would love to!
that would be awesome!
but is it okay if i send you my stuff from my other account?
Who's your favorite boy from One Direction?
Hey , how come I keep having to log in for Netflix?
With Xbox I did it ONCE.
Never again.
hehe.
Seriously, it is pretty good.
Just too much everything last night.
You???
The orioles really have Mark Reynolds listed for the All Star game at 3B
Anything 2 get u girls outta the house!
MT : RT : I wanna be pampered.
Manicure, pedicure, nice dinner,  flowers
hahaha what can I say they are annoying;
outer space for kids
And all I had to do was put two and two together But that just makes four, but not forever, damn
you inspire me in a strange way.
And for that I thank you!
Good luck this summer!
I'd ride ur boat!
Spent my last night with my boy
Finally at home and it's so good to have my boyfriend here with me :
Tell your Mom i said Happy Mothers Day!
Sisterly time at the movies about to watch Good Deeds.
Great..
Send me link of your new band...
I cant wait when you work for ME..:P
I have inside reports that Heath Bell hates Marlins Park and complains about everything, everyday.
It's GenderBenders week at !
Check it out tonight at !
Rate the performers too!
Thanks everyone
I guess we could move closer to the front, but it still wouldn't help me.
:
I love when people have their read receipts on, but I don't have mine on cuz I always forget to respond and I don't want them hating me
this is such a cool idea.
Going to sign up right away.
Thanks for sharing.
check your gmail bro
It was strange; I tried a different browser and it started working fine...Very glad it's back!
What was your favorite part of having the tea partiers in DC this weekend?
YAY!
I was just thinking about you  wondering how your first week went.
Congrats on your first full/consecutive weekend off!!
doctornking some water.
My life in motherfucking exciting.
as someone who DOES want to learn to code, a post like that makes me feel awfully unwelcome :
SHOUTOUT TO BEAUTIFUL ; ..FOLLOW HERE SHE'S NICE 3
Happy Birthday to :
yep.
Ahha.
But i want food.
A.L.Y.S.S.A..3
maybe bick your head and keep the mutton chops?
Finally did my hair
Almost done with my first short film!
Waiting on one original tune...
hello.
will you follow me???
that t bone douche is exactly why Tennesseeans get stereotyped.
hopefully he'll try to swim the Mississippi river longways
hahahah del taco??
We need to make that happen then!
RT : yes, the margarita, lol
Attention Nana's fans in Florida!!
Our big 3.5oz cookies are on sale 2 for 3 at all Whole Foods stores 
Thanks!
We're better than EVER now!
DB's just turned the lights down.
SexyTime up in this bitch
Hey, Mark!
Great win over the Spurs yesterday.
Wanted to say THANK YOU for saving the St Patty's Parade.
Great turnout too!
Enrique may not have been a brilliant literary feat, but its social value and import was huge.
I'm thinking Curry for Monday's Single Chef show...Stay tuned I'll let ya know: All Single Chef shows r FREE on www.iTunes.com  Podcasts
Let him know sent you !
And i'll give you a shout ou t
Will find my way on to Facebook one day.Used up my last nerve joining Twitter.
We do have Burpee.
you should do a keeks of you and singing the alphabet backwards!
I think you bring up an excellent point, southern.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose
: Efficiency tends to deal with Things.
Effectiveness tends to deal with People.
We manage things, we lead people.
ThingsINeverUnderstood....why TF hurricane Chris got a twitter
thanks for the follow!!!
Love your photos
Tickets are 50 Webster Hall livest party hot 97 hosted
I need photographic documentation!
If you're in Atlanta and are looking for some awesome music  good eats, check out FridayNightLive tonight!
Ima work you like a pro baby Ahh,  you gnna take it like one Yeah, you gnna take it like one ..
Heat vs Pacers
Thanks for the follow  a great call.
The Vahperd Gala this fall is going to be a fantastic event
I didnt forget about you, in fact i think about you everyday.
im just so damn busy.
via
what happened to the beat page
Toyo Announces Who Won the Durango In Its Ultimate Ride Sweepstakes  About  News amp; Issues
Us too!
RT : Looking forward to tonight!
BRandisRaaad Are you okay??
I saw it and I love it!
Come back to Chicago!
Remember when you guys came with BA  sang in my head with goodluck Jane?
me too
Growing up I wanted to set the world on fire.
Then I found out arson is illegal.
That's totally entrapment!
Our bartender spent all evening Tuesday perfecting his martini.
Come on in and give it a taste test.
1120 N.
High St.
Tired of eatting this roman so im raising the omen 
Hanging out with at Samurai Blue!
trolley night?
Love the new Santigold.
Love it!
The two most important days in your life are: the day you were born, and the day when you find out why.
GODCAN RT : No matter how many dark days you see, just know that the light will be at the end.
keep it up lil buddy.
I know it'll happen for you.
Still can't believe Junior Seau is dead
I sensed an infinite scream passing through nature, Munch printed on the original frame of his painting.
Rough day at work.
Throwin back a big steak at Harry and Izzy's
oh thank youu!
u don't need no damn number
That's fantastic!
Congratulations!
doctorwing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
...as I realize I still don't have 'We Insist.' What...?!
Talented DC musicians beware: I may kidnap you for my uberband.
Listening to now.
Do it.
With or without u im gonna prosper
I reserved my ticket!
:
Dang!
Now you tell me!
;
Small Bump music video....
Oh my gosh goosebumps x
There is one bird outside that has no clue its f'ing three in the morning and it should shut its bird mouth so i can sleep
Indeed.
We were coming down 13th at the top of the hill and and I saw it clearly.
Parachute w/person or object.
: RT : RT : I don't blame Bachmann for not believing in evolution.
It's really let her down.
Its in Ashland!
But I hope you can still make it!!
EAT MORE BRASIL NUTS!!!!
Who is Carl?
Do I need to pay Carl a visit?
;
sticking stickers on top of others stickers on cd roms....TheThingsIDo at work 
I know right, I guess they are good for some things!
that akward moment when u have a temper tantrum in the store over nutella and u realize everyone is looking at you
misterG PEOPLE, SHOUT OUT 2 ALL VETERANS.
THNX 4 OUR FREEDOM, LONG LIVE THE RED, WHITE  BLUE.
GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!!
Aw thx for the RT's today.
Luck favors the prepared.
Good to hear, make sure you sign up on the blog!
Does your customer feedback software do this?
Ongoing feedback 24/7, Full Data Analytics, Actionable Data  Trend Analysis?
Try
okay, you two would so dig each other.
once i get off my writing binge we need to grab dinner..:
I think i have gained myself a little crush deep inside.3
Send me what you were gonna.
Having you on my mind isn't completely doctoradful...
Not knowing where we stand is
AWESOME photo, Jason!
Mayweather needs to stay the hell off the ropes!
Thanks to for the awesome NASA presentation today!
Gene Kranz's Kolbe MO 8445 pgs2010 check out Kolbe.com
Live show in Best Buy by Sawgrass about to happen right now!
Come on down and get 10 off music accessories!
my dads annoying
Ur biggest mistake could be giving someone else the chance to make them smile..
ShockingNerlensAnnouncement He was in fact the first Noel.
remind me to never go back....or never pay for the flight and hotel and only bring cash
Actually, 6.
: That's five secret items now, right?
Dear , thank you for that amazing review of The Vow.
Srsly, on my knees.
We, the humble masses, are not worthy.
Hilarious.
waffle house this MORNING :P
It describes half the girls in my grade, basically.
AWE NO
Good morning and welcome to the rest of your life.
make it count.
So much to do So little time And y'all wonder why I sleep for a good minute whenever I can.
Who's a nerdy doctorgon???
Kinda wish my stop wasn't the one right after she started.
I was digging the Alicia Keys
Saw the Favre sign too and couldn't help but laugh at it.
The only funny thing coming out of Madison today!
Lmao, I just died laughing at the library!
thank you
I could not agree more.
Gets my 6 year old son every time.
KFOG just played Rusted Root
tell me lies, make em sound good
I cant wait to go in july!
Ready for the next journey MovingForward  XavierLT.com
Ryan has inspired all of KSR Nation to get in shape.
Must cut back on tv  Orangeleaf.
I know!
I was freakin out!
all I know is gets it sent out here and if I close my eyes it's like being in
haha i love you so much haha
: 16 year old female overdose at Melville?
People need to get their shit straight :O sad
Meh, it's just stupid store maintenance.
MBP will be 2 year old next month.
3 years is about the life of this thing.
Oh...
Happiness :
OMG, I LOVE the Hunger Games.
Gale and Peeta are equally doctorol worthy as Jacob  Edward.
Movie comes out in March  can't wait!
:
I love people who text back instantly.
youre awesome.
Let us know what you think :
Maybe if u trend something like We'reSorryNathan he'll probably unblock..
But you're a nice person
Don't support the enemy Dan!
shakes fist angrily
you'll see
when people ask if my god son is my baby i just stare ..
he's three months old, do i look like i just pushed out a baby three months ago?
Social Media and all the new technology can be overwhelming, just start somewhere and build on your efforts.
Bout to get on oovoo for a lil bit
another day of waking up,  walking out the door in what i slept in.
At 44, the City of Atlanta boasts one of the nation's lowest graduation rates, landing it in the same pool of Cities in Crisis.
YouWereCuteUntil you opened your mouth.
follow back?
had a fantastic time for riversounds!
i really want you to follow me, but I would give that up if you would just please follow that little girl please
is the man!
lakes up over 20 last I checked late 4th
They've gone from moderate hammering to a jackhammer on the construction below our office.
thank you :
Please, please, please send out with a bang tonight.
She is incredible and will be missed.
Thanks.
Except based on certain baseball performances, I might be up for a repeat performance tomorrow night.
Haha : Love you son!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!!
We Good how's hot ass lil Chris and Kristina Bobbi?
Does anybody listen to Erik Spoelstra?
Players, fellow coaches?
Family?
Bandwagon fans dont live in BOS : RT : Pioneer Square is making me so angry right now ihatetheredsox gobacktoboston
Lost Dog Rocky  150 Reward Rocky the Miniature Schnauzer is lost in Cheyenne, WY.
Having trouble falling asleep after that big Bulls win.
Think I might have come down w/ a serious case of
Don't forget to submit your application to present at our inaugural event on January 10, 2012.
He can change your soul
aha thank u!
:
Books arrive!
Let the stuffing of the envelopes begin!
ROLL TIDE!
A few weak contestants tonight but love sharktank.
showed another side of himself.
Very cool.
they were a winner!
Looking forward to going back when the sun is out so we can sit outside :
tickets on sale at noon.
Now waiting in queue.
Good for them!
Bad for me!
5 yrs would've killed me.
wishes her expanding container garden wasn't having to battle the wind.
never thought I would be talking to ma dukes...
but here I am, chilling and sipping coffee.
THE COMPANY THAT I WORK FOR IS LOOKING FOR SALES REPRESENTATIVE NATIONWIDE, YOUR HOURS.
GREAT INCOME.
DP DENTAL SUPPLY.
321 441 9041
The conversations must continue to addoctorss this issue at its causation instead of victim blaming.
my Movie my guy on what channel
You have no obligations anywhere in this world, everything you choose to do you should love because you chose it from all other alternatives
Music lifts you.
Get your music in...
: Glenn: Brown intercepted by Sean Sylvia I would cut 82 after that, he gave up on the ball after it was tipped.
No effort.
Another perfect patio night at Firefly!
Come people watch and eat cupcakes overlooking historic Main Street!
that I am donkey, that I am.
Thank you
you have 24 hours to experience getting completely wasted on one beer.
Awesome wedding, congratulations brad  katie!
very true sir.
Mule and some chicken.
Reed tell me theres fotage somewhere in the archives?
oh yeah
lol.
I haven't been working the past couple of days
I love the game.
Just not sure I'd want my kid playing.
Not an easy question to answer.
Welcome Richard CarlbomMN United's campaign manager...one of the smartest in MN politics today.
tinyurl.com/RichardCarlbomMNUnited
Lunch time.
we're just the tip!
sigh.
786 miles away...
Lord  Taylor is mophing to Kohl's with incessant sale days so that I always feel I just missed something or should wait until tomorrow.
I'm rockij with you
Everyone make sure and tell everyone to follow us!!
FF RT
Thanks Zach...come up and say hey sometime!
hello my Austin friendsmerry pirates, etc.
I'm getting ready to take my workanywhere strategies on the roadto CHINA!
woohoo...
any chance Christian Ponder goes 12th overall last year :?
By words the mind is winged.
Aristophanes
ok, still young, but great you started while they were still into it.
I hate doctorving in the dark, alone.
Creeps me out.
Do I gotta change me before he could be who he used to be??
Indiana is great.
All new followers over the next 6 hours into a doctorwing.
Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of Illegal Procedure!
Today is National Pizza Day so dive in  eat your fair share pizza lovers!
We're ready to take your order!
305.883.1177
Looking forward to 7pm.
Fun filled weekend ahead.
DeMolay tonight, Gator game tomorrow with friends.
Woot!
Welcome to Twitter.
were can i get me since helium???
Thanksgiving breakone happy math specialist!
thanks so much!
Hey!
How's your day going?
Happy WW and thank you for the RT 
im sorry beadle follow
Me 2 RT : I'm NOT red, i'm Brown.
Hmp!
RT: Rogue sub chaos.
// PLUS Scott Speedman?
Yes, please.
:
true, but that doesn't discount 's point; colonial racism grew stronger when race became impt as
Hello world
Thanks everyone who made time to come to my recital tonight!
It was much appreciated!
I deserve the BestFriendOfALifetimeAward 
Episode on now!
MT at So much fun.
She's truly awesome.
I came, I danced, I reped Nwk  Ellen rubbed my bald head
I need to stop biting my nails They hurt.
When you lack direction the only place left to look is your past.
When you have direction and take action you have little time for your past
awesooommee!!
Its al because of your excellent guitar work;
That'a absurd and you know it!
Now if you ask me to share my ben and jerrys ice cream, be prepared for me to scream in your face!
:
RT : Bosh: This season has to be extended for me to play again.
Sorry...
I just get so hungry sometimes.
Let's Go Pacers!
Shooting tomorrow.
Stay tuned!
Happy New Year!
Here are the top 10 concerts of 2010  www.theconcertstage.com/blog/index.html
thanks for the note.
Sounds gr8.
Couldn't direct message you back.
How should we link up in Phoenix?
I called you ma'am...I don't feel the love
you  understand ?
nerd : normal;
We passively take in messages from the world around us, even if were not overtly conscious of those messages.
Grind time.
Only five weeks until I leave this place.
Can't wait!
Tina Tree Bill brah
I will be on KEYE tomorrow promoting my coat collection!
Make sure to tune in.
I will be on between 4 and 5 pm!
Yay the internets have returned to my house!
omg.
omg.
'kidoctoruhl makes us wet'...
is trending..
lmfao.
i'd love to see justin biebers face when he sees that.
Fav show on My Wife and kid wen JR wanted to B a rapper 
I wonder how he feels knowing he's like the hottest guy in the school...
MarryMe 
So many talented people!
All I can do is cross stitch...
that doesn't really work for doll props/clothes!
I feel you on that.
EVERYTIME I MENTION BLACK PANTHER OR SOME REAL SHIT UM OFF THE NEXT DAY!!!!
WTF???
COSPIRACY???
HM???
MJ, PAC, EAZY, BIGGIE, PIMP C, ETC..
LMAO!
Cuz you know there's so many shades of green
Yo mama so nerdy, she thought breastfeed was an RSS!
shit, don't scare me mf!
SmileAustin CheerUpAustin MAHOMIES LOVE YOU!!!
3 we hate seeing you sad D':
we are walking to Humboldt park now!
Otherwise Friday...
: If it looks like she has a nice big ass on instagram chances are she's fat in person
If books are relegated to off campus sites or print on demand they also require the space of the digital equipment to access.
Thanks for the shout out!
:
I don't know if i should go further than just kissing on my imagines.
Should I?
well I'm depressed af now
Email if you want to join the Fashion show committee!
ISLAND PRACTICE the only full time doctorin nantucket which treats the rich, illegal immigrants, 7th generations Nantucketians.
had Packers v Tampa yesterday and now onto Chiefs at Patriots.
Just hopping from one cold stadium to another.
I love this.
I love anything from the sports world
Are you planning any sort of home renovation this year?
If so, what projects?
yo where u watching the game at
Not cool, MySpace!
What makes you think it's OK to follow with Nickelback?!!?
I would agree.
RT : is it safe to say that most learning via SM happens in a context that we CANT measure?
yayy clean house!!!
I want a bottle of wine tonight lol do you have to wake up early?
it was How old was mister Galini when he died on iPie?
:P pretty easy but good!
:
ESPN baseball analyst Steve Phillips acknowledges having an affair with an assistant and has taken a leave of absence during the playoffs.
im good about to be at work
I'm totally joking we need to be planning this road trip so we can have SUPER DUPER FUN before u go to Water Polo
I agree w criticisms of LIS ed  improvements are def needed but often sounds like students are just resting on their laurels
i knew somethin was goin on with u and gio but its ok i also have a sancha
Gawd dammit.
It's more difficult to find an affordable pair of men's leopard print loafers than I thought!
Awesome, you'll have to teach that trick.
Just finished watching Marry The Night!
OMG it was AMAZING!!!!
I LOVED IT!!!
:D
STAAR tomorrow, goodnight 
I'm glad great thigs are happening.
: Hard work pays off.
IfWeWereTogetherRightnow , I promissee Ill Make You Love me Foreveer Real talk   P R O D 
USB.
No serial hookups.
Our computer doesn't eat breakfast.
Thanks so much for coming yesterday!
I hope you are inspired to create new stuff while cozy in hoodies.
CHRISTA I CAN'T.
I JUST CAN'T.
UGGHHH.
and just as important for writers to learn visual/graphic design, crossplatforms.
Even if not a primary task  good knowledge.
Jsus Montero caught 1 hitter vs Twins.
Young catcher is broke in, but Kevin Millwood is broken.
I studied Chekhov 9 mnths with Eugene be4 he went to USC.
Amazing, inspired experience 4 me  he blew it wide open 4 me.
I made a whole pot of coffee!
With milk even :
Thank you!!xox
You're gorgeous :
And Hamilton homers again!
20
I go for sleep, but I'm old.
lmao.
What happens on those days?
Cool....
that you came on twitter :P ahaha
It was short for me!
I was late because of and the Detroit show, so tired, lol!
But worth every bit...
whatmakesyoubeautiful your personality :
Now THAT sounds like a winning idea....see you then!
Bills sign Mark Anderson.
4year deal
It brought him back to being human for me.
She was his Horatio.
and they are amazing!
Try the Unicorn dog.You won't be disappointed.
That I've heard, but it's a bit north of the region being discussed.
The Christmas tree and decor are officially up!!
Let the month of festivities begin!!
It's fantastic so far and feels much different from your other novels, in a good way!

I have a theory if you shop at every Nemian Marcus good things will happen to you.
I subscribe to that theory.
xoxo
My doctoram is to meet my favorite wwe Superstar
tryn to take over the world
Thanks for the trivia ; Roses are the most requested flower tattoo.
Thanks and No i refuse what if his friends make fun of me
That's as much as my kids will tolerate.
Time to go be a Mama.
Thanks to all  have a great night!
Your welcome 
doctor Seuss has left the building ; Later, Trish!
It's a dog eat dog world, and hey I'm a btch
sounds desperate to me, to keep offering your opponent a position in your administration.
: RETWEET THIS!: The party doesn't stop with Cebu Pacific's KaliboHong Kong direct flights starting Mar 23!
DAMN...you cannot kill Mike Myers, Halloween...
that dude is made of what?
Zombie?!
lol
I hate accomplishing things before 10.
I get so bored.
YEAH UR FINE BITCH BUT CAN U GIG?
It's All About You Magazine is now on twitter, follow us
show me love
Hello Chicago
Good crowd do far!
Come on out to our all ages show
Thanks!
And thanks for the help!
I typo/misspelled Maine.
No offense intended to that fine state!
Dick Stockon Just makes me think of CelticsLakers in the 80's.
I think that means you're officially a southerner now!
what do i do with these ancient computer speakers??!
Just got so excited for outdoor soccer freshly painted fields ah!
fix me some 2 chicken at that
Turning into more than a stop gap : A.J.
Ellis is finally going to be the guy who makes me care about an AllStar campaign.
Joshua.
Cowl necks are not cool.
Stop.
the hells wrong with u loser.
Soups of the day: Chicken Pastina, Tortellini brodo, Beef Barley, Minestrone, Ravioli Florentine, Chicken  Pasta,M
i think we can sue them for lieing
Moring : u going.
To school
Glad ExLibris into LLD; lib partners in OpenURL community is needed to enable Webscale info infrastructure
She did!
That looks pretty good  I don't know if you need the pectin, though.
Who says VA is not the place to come out to for a nice Day party w Secret society?
Melody Tavern is the next lounge spot for all event.
RT : Facebook now has 901 million users and 85 of them have invited me to their improv show.
the minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long 
Can't wait to celebrate my bday with best friends,sister and my favorite girls in the entire world !!!
Happy Birthday To Myself!!!
; 
Will do fam for sure.
When you there next?RT : gotta come visit the store 7552 Melrose ave,Its Poppin!
Omw , to get some Taco Bell  :
So glad you enjoyed it!
We loved it, too :
SHOWGIRLS is the most underrated movie of all time.
Nigga you see where it say hptheaters ?
That's my laptop nigga.
Lol.
Where did you run this weekend?
And who's prepping for ?
Can you believe it's here?
Another one: tautology.
I love me some Zac Brown Band.
I'll be like I never got it.
Dude she stalks my professorle then comes over and asks who EVERY guy I talk to is.
I'm like wow..
Working on finishing up D.Griff's music video Chainsaw shot, produced, edited  Directed by me Brian Alexander Scott.
BAS RECORDS!
RT : Picking out A Format For Your On the net EEbook Publishing Online ...: Picking out A Format For Your On the net......

K.
Blackistone, PLEASE talk some sense into ur boy about the lockout.
Cat's spitting foolishness.
I know he doesn't !
Even sometimes I doubt Cody's love , but then I realize that he does love me : 3
Sippin DD hazelnut..
I need to study for this Healthful Living Quiz b4 going to spend time with mommy for Mday!
201 followers on here...things are picking up!
I must have this!!!
Just gave my final class presentation.
Missing the punctuality of CHI timekeepers.
A fellow student is now 30 minutes over time.
damn exciting race in namur.
fantastique!
What's your favorite shoe on history channel?
WTF JUST HAPPENED ?!
yep!
I'm gonna be 16 this year!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Am the young white mamba of my town jajajjaajjaa that's thruth!!
Thanks SO much Yuri!
You rock.
Hey everyone, we really need you to help get our name out there, more listeners won't be able to check us out without your word of mouth!
was fine till I saw the baby hippo
i'm so surprised my forehead doesn't hurt from last night hahaha
I've tried  tried..
Im done .
HeLLo RT : At an Easter Brunch with ...
Cant sleep....
Send help.
I just purchased from 39 glasses...hopefully it will turn out better than your experience...
they just cant catch a break with DLine.
next up Worthy will pull a Ricky Williams and take a year off to travel, lol
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
It's more that I prevented Carrot Cake.
is finally, totally, completely delivered to Osiris Entertainment.
Heading out for a 5 mile walk.
NoExcuses  let's get fit!
i wonder if people see how pathetic you truly are.
Is that grey in your beard Nigel ?
you headed to the oumisterconvention bro.
Let me know.
Make sure ybget the VIP treAtment
I need to find new friends
This is national write a letter of appreciation week.
Thank you for reading this tweak.
anything to spice up this warehouse with no windows......
up early but anyways good morning twitter
How was everyone's Thanksgiving?
Skating Rink is jumpin...yall bring ya azz...then after this we're going to the ALL WHITE AFTER PARTY AT METRO
Thank God for lettin me see another day rich with his grace and mercy.!
frank the tank!
: Actually have a nice little Saturday planned go to home depo play for a sweet 16 maybe bed bath and beyond

saw that you are friends with my girls...
do you ever need a photographer for any of your events?
check out my website!
Polls have been closed for an hour and there are zero results on Rock County website
Finally!!!
Now we can iMessage, instead of text...
:
Thanks so much!!
We love
never tweets me back...
:'
My coworker just called me a slut and a whore.
Thank you Derrick :'
Kitchen Gadgets aisle will have some knives, but a they'll be crappy and b that's closer than I want to get to a ninja.
But did the octopus predict the spread?
I don't think so.
Just had a fab lunch with Next stop  karaoke!
Apple Store App has extra capabilities when within range of an Apple Store.
Westfield App detects closest mall.
Wahooo!
Go, Martha, go!
My Hawaiian wedding countdown concludes...I am now mister.
Christopher Darnyl Lemon!
What is the rule on an overtime first possession safety?
Enjoy your time outdoors.
The connections betw  amng women r the most feared, the most problematic  the most potentially transforming force on the planet.
A.Rich
Yeah!!!!!
I just got fired from my day job so I'm going to do full time boxing and comedy now
I've heard of both.
Our booking agent is Daniel from Gideon, you should hit him up.
I know we've got some tours in the works.
or just tml....early night
aww well thanks so much Yesenia!
That would definitely be amazing!
new background 3
TUSD adds new breaks to 20122013 school year  KVOA Tucson News TUSD adds new breaks to 20122013 school year KVOA Tucson News TUCSON 
Kick Off is just about hereWho are you picking and why?
You smell like back that ass up.
so happy being a vikings fan here in tn
They're refueling the plane while we wait for Chicago weather to clear so we can land there.
And THEN, after clearing customs
I only know the poor guy as a faucetfixer!
What does he do for a living?
Just had a massage by Brad at Very reasonable 1 hour 39
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless...be kind to someone today...
Oy.
Jean Valjean is being played by a woman.
nontraditionalcasting.
Perhaps there wasn't a guy who had the singing chops.
Stephen Elliott: I kind of imagine Vaclav Havel grabbing the Dear Leader's lapels on the way out, saying, I'm taking you with me.
I'M NOT GONE DO THIS ON TWITTER
are you guys playing in Cinci?
RT if you're excited for my new cover in a few minutes!
Ed Sheeran!
We gon take it to the moon..
Take it to the stars!!
Honey!!!!!
Ur gonna get my tea clocked!!!!!
Delete!
yeah thank u
Weird things I type: I wish they'd retcon this Jorah storyline to fucking.
I cant make you love me but i can make you happy 
dickhead, how your hair line doing lean it rock wit it?
Last weekend in the 303!
If you wanna chill, you know where to find me ;
belated thank you my friend.
Beautiful weather!
is excited about attending the Business Marketing Association Milwaukee Bell Awards event tonight!
i wont : lmao
3 Days to FirstYear Orientation  Randolph College welcomes new students for orientation on August 26.
You are so loved Sheridan !
I have a similar issue.
Some couple in Indiana gave out my addoctorss as theirs.
Now I get all their AARP info...
thank you!
Looking forward to helping out!
watch out for the Skittles.
There is more people that want it then people that have it
That is the question
UPDATE: Actor Joe Coyle and producer Minette Seate will join the January 30th panel at Carnegie Mellon University.
My only friend just flew into my apartment.
A solo fly.
for more on your comment, please see the conversation I was having with earlier ;
They should just end the game
You hurt me because i gave you the power to do so, well now i take that power back.
You can't hurt me anymore!!1
Musings: Faith and hope and love.
If Your Day Consist On Worrying About What Another Person Do....
Kill Yourself
the grind never stops
MultiPlatinum, Grammy Award winner Usher will perform with the New York cast of Fuerza Bruta at the Daryl Roth Theatre on April 28.
P
Thanks for the follow Gutshot!
RT : Shari Tucker National Director of Retail at the Sperry Van Ness has a few open appoints
nice pants.
And you deserve it..
EVERYBODYY GOO VOTE FOR MY BY PHILLIP 3
Broward Sheriff Al Lamberti set to make an announcement regarding his campaign: 10am today in front of the Broward County Governmental Ctr!!
Perfectly purplicious.
Enjoy 25 off all purple products in the Bliss Boutique through the weekend while supplies last.
Sounds like a plan...we may host something beforehand.
We'll keep you posted.
broke two lights today with a tennis ball and my hockey strick haha
This could very well be my last math class ever!
:
Music makes everything better:
Late night convos that keep you from sleeping 
I don't want to be this girl anymore, and I would change that just for you.
Even though I believe this should be the other way around...?
adapt or die is my new closing argument for anything and everything.
Wins every time!
superhero's names
Thanks, Meg!
Happened to be doctorving past and pulled over for a photo  of course a cookie too!
I'm serious
In a good way i hope haha :
No, mister Ignorant Rapper..
i don't care how many ladies you got with or where you grew up or how many lives you've taken..
AND NO JOYRIDE JOY, OKAY.
OKAY.
Who's the boss?
Oh you are!
Own your own business is golden
submit your paintings at and maybe we can include you in the magazine.
Two samples is good.
is so haawwwtttt, I love you!
3
I'm not touching that game.
I see ur boy B twice is inactive today
sounds great.
Thanks!!
pad thai fun tonight.
Hey Was thinking of you.
Are you doing Make Music this year?
I think we missed the deadline at ...
Fabio KOIN Local 6 News see jeff Gianola page
Great business mentor I am lucky to have him around!!!!
I hate to admit that I love that too.
ha nahh my fault!
Oh boy , I'm starting this insanity workout thing soon and I probably wont make it to graduation
I just thought my room mates condom, was my ramen noodles powder packet.
Damnit.
Your tweets are hurting my heart.
If there's any way I can help tell me.
looks like Kickers will help add to the storied history of pirates1st rd exits.
Ya sure I didn't earn a 1st rd bye?
Good Morning and What's Good Ppl!!
Wow...
are they equal offers?
That moment when your mom is yelling for you to hurry up and come eat dinner  when you get there its not even ready.
after seeing new kindle fire, I'm nonplussed.
Likely will wait for adhere to my pragmatic geek wisdom and wait for v2.
by the way, LOVE the new pic ;
batman makes me die inside every time I see a trailer nonspanish short not jacked enough bane
is the fucking best , i love this guy ;
is that scarscam??
Man this ain't easy.
Talent cannot truly be judged.
I see all of these amazing people as equals.
Whitney, you killed it tonight!
A mi tambien!!!
wearing Northrop polo and tells the class never trust a guy wearing an orange collar kid says dude buy a whiteboard
My biggest fear
Today: feature film audition, print audition, acting class, rehearsal for my improv show tomorrow !
get better soon!!!
My oldest sons name will be named Ashton...
Haha anyone get it
or what lol.
This day is turning out to be the worst
It's better than 11:11 I think!
But 11:11 will always have a special place in my heart
Almost HH folks!
Who's trying to catch the game?
Hit your nearest Bartab venue  DM your email I'll send you a doctornk!
Save us now, from the rich and the poor...
Everybody will help you.
Some people are very kind.
I love dancing with a passion, honestly.
I like FORGOT....
Let me think on tat....
..The science behind my Lemonade  sweet tea blended is on a whole 'nother level you aren't ready for.
Whoever is happy will make others happy too.
I like my women like I like my dubstep, heavy, energetic, and something I hope I never have to tell my kids about.
Really enjoyed Wednesday Night Bible Study at my place of worship tonight.
Now I'm ready to watch the Grizzly Bears in action on TV!
Great seeing replay with gasol yelling at Kobe as Manimal dunks
they have a complete different viiew on a fade here!
It basically just short sides and high top, so high top fade lmao
i keep hearin everyone say it is but i wanna see this shit
okay thnx haha he is very hard to talk to!
good job!
Studio today!
Time to slap a da bass!
Aye last night at the Legion was strate as fck brah i was gone off that PeachCiroc lol
Now that your back I'll post the naked Me pics
Happy mothers day to all you moms in Twitterland !!!!
3
You got on a pea coat
In the end, It aint gonna be anyones fault but your own.
Its not like you havent got chance after chance.
PLAN: Cobble together a halfway decent playlist for running from my sorryassed iTunes library.
I know he's a kicker and all but someone needs to give mason crosby some tips on tackling.
?
Wait..
I just aw knowledge TJ
good.
You deserve it you idiot
Hairy!
That's what we were told to say from the gecko.
But we are still the
Maybe, but Tannehill is more likely to be thought of as a bust.
How many years can you be a project in development?
Sometimes I want to punch autocorrect
I'll take a glass!
I agree with the Hulk or Iron Man!!
Don't expect roses when you treat me like shit.
I seriously don't know what I would do without and all the amazing songs.
This road trip just got better.
:
Watching AmericasNextTopModel :B
Hello to all of our new followers!
The momentum is building....Thanks for the supporter...
That amazing moment when you doctorp your phone but the headphones save it from hitting the ground
All the years spent at Princeton was worth it
In Rain Man/Planes, also trying to get to LA/Chicago...lovable moron with straight man who comes around in the end...hijinx ensue!
thanks.
We were relying on some suspect information.
It's a good  bad feeling...
Good b/c you've got a better piece, but bad b/c you have to redo so much.
My Chemical Romance.
today my birthday, can you wish me a Happy 19th Birthday!!
:D, iloveU3
i promise to me and you So why will we let this thing go Baby I promise that I'll stay true Don't let nobody say it ain't so
jamming that devin the dude  doobie ashtray...
doctorped up and doctorpped out over here
Good luck angels, 10 years is a long time.
Is officially taking over my TL because of the amazing performance, that i didnt see but cant wait for yall 2 come back 2 chicago
Chlorine does strange things to my hair.
HAPPY 15th BDAY!
And hope you get lots of pressies!
We sure hope all our fans in Katy, TX comes out to see us on Tuesday.
It'll be a blast!
Tour dates and more info at facebook.com/bellemanoir
can sum1 tweet me
challenge?
I wouldn't even talk to you if it wasn't for twitter.
Don't kid yourself .
I love you hahaha
WE CAN HELP WITH YOUR ART DEPARTMENT WORKLOAD OVERFLOW
Really hope the weather don't get bad!
thanks so much!
Really looking forward to getting the cute outfits.
Got customers eager as well.
Does Twitter count as a national platform?
Hey , call me, tweet me, whatever works for you...haha, xoxo
Teach Kids About Prohibition.Politely Ask 2See Secret Wine Cellar21W52St 212.5827200
Just got to chapter 23.....all in one go my eyes are dying...will finish as soon as I wake up!!
So good!!!!!!!
i did too i barely used it RT : I did.
RT : Nobody had twitter in 09 the fuck
Random postmatch attack by Kane but a fun tag match.
Big show of confidence in Epico  Primo
hey jason :
Taking a min from rehearsal to say wazzz up to my twitter Fam!
was it just you and Mia?
its not its number 176
We are running regularly until Dec 17th but will not officially close for the season get a group together for a winter ride!
Really?
That sounds so tempting...
Cute little ditty by some hardcore State fans.
But all you have to do is look at the sky to know whose side Jesus is really on ;....
Guess whose 's shipped today?
S/o to let us hook your hair up so you can be sexier being the funny man that u are
Pretty pumped about 's new cohort of incoming doctoral students...including a selfdescribed metalhead!
Bouncing flute phrases off the the back of the hearth.
Rustle of a small fire and whistle of damp wood.
Early fall improvisation.
nationscapitol.
and don't be wearing cologne anyway.
Where is TRex at....my man's died tonight I heard....SMH...
Didn't YOU try it?
Please do not mention any other body parts.
Thankyou.
No, unfortunately.
Hope it's going well!
thanks so much!
Cheers!
Watching Etta James perform live is always a new experience for me.
Every time.
She was so wonderful.
Something about her.
Wow, time does fly when you're having fun!
Too bad i'm not having fun  lol
how true!
LOL
bitch u stoopid
We are set!
Just waiting for the go ahead to show off the very first shirts!
Yummy yummy yummy I've got love in my tummy!
hahaha I'm sure love the title of mister McKayBeadles
If you're in a vehicle going the speed of light, what happens when you turn on the headlights?
Hi guys
You're welcome!
Keep on Rockin!!
Heads up!
Common toiletries like toothpaste and hairspray may contain acids and other ingredients that could damage your stone surface.
I'll switch you places, girl.
Not having to buy groceries  manage finances would be great right now.
Enjoy it while it lasts.
But...but..but...
I want those things now!
when you go from being all happy to suddenly depressed .
: An Aries can have a very difficult time making up their mind.
AriesScopes Indecisive
How it is, Jeffrey, is that you carry my water and I shine my glow on you.
Today I learned there are original Orozco murals at The New School.
Why they are kept locked and inaccessible is perplexing.
I am 99 sure you don't like me.
I am 100 sure I dont give a fck
Busy busy busy
does Jaime tweet?
i would have signed up for that if it wasnt a spam.
nice rack.
its prom dont be cheap: I really want a mani/pedi instead of doing it myself but I'm too cheap wahhh why must I be so cheap
On a show like BL or other controlled filming environment, yes!
Otherwise, NO lol!
U?!
RT Hey mamita!!!
Would u JUMP?!?
White people problems can be obnoxious, but the label has ruined some internal struggling in storytelling.
See: Marriage Plot.
very cool!
Can I pass on to the editors ?
me and killed that show last night all day baby
Did she forget part of National a Anthem?
as always Thx u.
For the love
The closer its gettin to my mixtape doctorppin the less sleep im gettin
Get your Happenings here at the library before they're all gone!
finally got my meat twerked this weekend !
Buying a Mac from the Apple store is like buying a car from the dealership  a all day process.
What you don't want to hear when you ask your server how she's doing: Ehh, just getting over pneumonia.
Love enthusiasm for uxbrunch in Baltimore April 23!
Ya better rent a whole room.
ohh la la!
an all natural air freshener?
haha
you the NFN app is live on both andoctorid and apple!!!!
download it now for free just search nfn radio
only if you don't like dogs.
Bonus points if you bring your cat
Rumors on the net say you're going to help Kevin Steen win the ROH Title next Saturday  form a tag team w/him.
True or not?
Hello Boston!
2303 richmond ave  the chimney right next to blue fish and hobbit cafe
The thing is, when she falls, she falls hard, and no matter how many times she says i don't care...
she really does
How about racing a NASCAR or an exotic car?
Ziplinging in Bootleg Canyon is also tons of fun Vegas Skydiving AP
I'm hoping that, with the growth of indie publishing, we'll see more playful creative experimentation in language 
ah, I will be in Tokyo at the end of May  right after that I will be in Copenhagen and Germany.
Won't return till 6/18.
Played soccer with Roger Levesque and Taylor Graham of the Sounders on Sunday in a charity pick up  really nice guys.
RT : Who is ready to win a Wii Bundle????
Right where I should be.
A doctorNKING SONG by Yeats on my placecard for dinner: 'Wine comes in at the mouth /  love comes in at the eyes...'
Getting annoyed with the PGE website not letting me pay our bill!
Chaired my first meeting.
Sucess!
RT 100000000000000000000000000000000000 Times If you have to make sure it's OK with your girlfriend you have failed as a man.
Spring break is over!
Back to schools to bring the kiddos music from around the world.
We're excited to get back to it!
Lmfao!
I honestly never would've guessed!
But I see it now, good for her :
I need Barack Obama to whistle and say 'Make my Day' to the Tea Party and others who try to make things difficult for him and the US!
listening to journal for plague lovers.....again, it's a great great album.
i do too !!!!!!
Its been like 2 months.
This is unexeptable.
i was but forgot my password I think I'm learning how this works
my little sister is a directioner, belieber, AND likes the wanted.
you dont like to rival british boy bands, okay?!
meh...
no, phx.
Next week in la.
U?
follow on twitter niece
back messages only thing sisters are useful for
RawFast coming to a close  good experience.
Lesson learned: more fruits and veggies.
Gonna feel weird eating donuts  ice cream tomorrow.
you JUST tweeted me, but didn't follow :/ can I get a follow?;
It's a activity and a dining experience.
I've never been there but went to the Tasting Room once when the chef did a demo.
Rihanna thinks it's October.
What Up Twitter Land weedoctorpweerock!!!
This Aint No Fucking Sing Along
Off to NYC
Kona Coffee Festival 11/413.
Bring on the caffeine!
What's your favorite coffee doctornk?
that's the best feeling.
Even tho I totally misinterpreted your tweet?
Thanks for liveblogging the Edgars..
from those of us in flyover country.
Art of ATSU Expo  Reception, Thursday, 4/19, 46 pm.
Centennial Commons.
Art by students, faculty, staff,  spouses/partners.
Refreshments.
Got around 50K.
Lost a 20K chip pot with KK vs.
AQ All in pre flop.
are you Dining Without Dairy tonight?
lol u must!!!
If u out there smoking!!
Be careful sexy
Chilling con
did you get anything?
Man, Bill Dobbins is just fantastic
what postseason playoffs are you talking about?
Stop thinking like a lions fan.
Getting thru 1/4 of the field isn't good enough
Thanks!
and happy Monday.
Imperial IPAs are suppose to be sweet, DUH!
Whoo hoo!
Going to see Rain this Saturday!!
i am on my way sis
I like the picture you put on facebook.
All grades posted, such a relief!
It is a really day to be out
two words: Game Day.
thanks for this: I almost forgot the Alamo!
haunt seem a funny ass tweet from you today lol was hoping to getta good laugh but maybe soon?
: night sexy
These same ppl wonder why I don't enjoy thr company.
no charge for diagnosis and hard to tell without knowing exact problem.
how's spring training going for ya?
Be down there in a few days!
Thanks for connecting!!
good times!
easier to manage, plus we can have raffles and such.
still going to be just as much fun though!
I'm great.
You?
2,800 teenage girls get pregnant everyday.
Retweet if you like pancakes.
yeah man, only two more weeks!
Happy Monday!
Who can i watch true blood with this weekend??
wow...
it's raining so hard that it sounds like LA is tumbling in a washing machine right now.
love that postrain LA too!
Please check out my New video!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
I didn't have anything nice to say, so I stayed home 
Be prepared to accept hatred with success.
Unfortunately, they go hand in hand.
The real G's can sideline the nonsense though.
Not a great start defensively.
I think it's the role of the black church that makes this stereotype so enduring
One night when I was 18, two girlfriends and I decided to doctorve from San Diego to LA.
We pulled into Oceanside and went through a doctorve t...
sushi can easily knock off 3 fat stacks and a grip!
Everyone loves Taking Back Sunday, yet everyone is afraid to admit so.
did follow you yet?
Ok an what's sup on the modeling???
Finally landed in Dallas!
hth2012 elizabeth chilton up now introducing the conference with a few words
If you dont know where you are going, any road will take you there
love RealTime but WhereAreTheWomen?
Not discrediting panelists, but your show needs more female voices
Cmon pats we gatta win this
thank you :
Yes.
Cut it out.
they are coming!
At Los globos.
Not sure about the 20 cover though.
:/
me either
Just CAUSE I'M AWAY ....DON'T MEAN I ANT THERE ...
I will let occupy know about open house!
Lol
Remember: We now have Service Hours from 8am to 4pm on Saturdays!
426: OMG JERI.
I love how we're penpalssss.
3 Oh, and your letter should be coming soon!
You're super gorgeous and i love ya girll.
33
I hope u have a grt day 3
Sleepovers are the BEST!:
The article proof for my upcoming article in Boutique Design Magazine is great!
Next issue...stay tuned!
thank you my hero!
Is your stress better?
Mine's not...
Casey Hayward, I'll take your seven INT's last year.
goodpick for the Pack
Screening  discussion tonight at the San Francisco Public Library w/ Milton Reynolds as moderator!
This weather makes me want to doctorve to the beach blasting Jimmy Buffett!!!!
Yes, I am a parrot head.
I had a doctoram about this!
A few weeks ago, I talked in my sleep about looking at pictures of the Earth from Mars, according to Zach.
sounds DELISH!
Side note  we need to get together!
Let me know when you're work schedule calms down a bit!
New topic  E500 Flash Sync
So far everything is Ok here just pretty windy.
Happy Birthday To Lil Trill :
You are so gonna rock the house tomorrow!
Thank you and for the !
That is very true!
Haha
nice i will be there
Happy birthday future husband.
Embedding  key to easy website design.
Thanks aka Harris Kleyman for doing in 24 hrs what took others years!
New website soon!
me????why say so????how did i become his sister????but i like that...that way i can talk to him.
fascinating women are sharing their table w/me.
Janet  Sherry are fun and inciting :
22/25 for those who wondered.
Lost a night of finishing up packaging last night bec I got real sick.
: Now to figure out if I need to miss Snow Patrol 2night to finish.
Traits of a procrastinator: I really need someone to be on top of my ass via emails or text to get multiple deadlines done.
eating toast, and watching spongebob is the best way to start Christmas Eve.3 :
Off to Petco to buy a paycheck's worth of chews, treats, toys, balls, bones, beds, and other crap.
Been listening to way too many old suspenseful radio shows,  playing them too loud too, I think it's bugging the axe murderer in the attic.
hahah it's okay dear, thanks you : xx
I was an amateur fighter.
Physically, I'm not afraid of anyone I work with.
1 more flight.
Amsterdam here I come...
.
Insanely jealous but I know you deserve it!
;
If i wanna do music , whats the point of going to school lol
Who the heck got the dumb idea to make stomp the yard 2 and why is BET showin it?
07/18/2011  Girl Scouts Twilight Camp Come and have fun, make new friends and learn new songs and games.
still can't see my grade on pipeline : and did not get an email?
YES!
MT My 1 wish for the iPad 3: Enough RAM that it can hold way more Safari tabs in memory without having to reload them.
Just wrote an awesome song that I may never be able to release......
Sigh
RT  I hope that the Jacksonville Jaguars lose every game this season..
Hair Tip: Trim your ends every 2 months
: RT Thank you to my friend, Susan Henderson of , for registering with a bone marrow donor bank.
Hope you enjoy it...
Dave does a great job of helping people get to the Nxt Level!
Nxt
So great to finally meet the ladies!
Great concept great vibe, super excited!
Because you didn't txt me im probably finna fall asleep RT : I only said dat cuz you said goodnight, u fina stay woke?
how so?
:o
Congrats Coach Monty!
Yes!!
Redwood shores or bust.
Nothing as far as I can tell around my office on Boylston St.
Our power is up and running just fine.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
thanks for coming to today.
great to see you!
When you say, 9 out of 10 forest fires are caused by humans, all I hear is, There's a bear out there who knows how to use matches.
Is that at OU?
wait, are you really looking for a puppy?
I have a friend who is fostering a dog right now.....
ASTD2012 went to the wrong room and couldn't sneak out but made the most of it.
it was a pretty good panel on leadership trends.
that is the million dollar question.
I vote cognac.
We hope everything ran smoothly yesterday!
StVincentFam BTW, really playing well lately!
Bucs in business in the 3rd.
Back to back singles by Tabata and Walker to lead off the inning.
haha I wasnt kissing anybody and why wouldnt you kiss the bros haha
You joined the tea party?
RT : I am a nonfunctional person of dubious mentality today.
Community Media Workshop Conference today mmc2011 I'm a panelist and will be talking about RedCross and mobile engagement
We have some great music coming your way soon from and
What is StaffingMarketplace?
StaffingMarketplace helps you get found online by more qualified visitors
Ahhhhhhhthankyou...
Keep up the good work, guys Let me know what I can do to help.
promotion blogpost???
Why fade away on Westbrook?
Hieght advantage.
In photography, the smallest thing can be a great subject.
The little human detail can become a leitmotif.
Henri CartierBresson
Sometimes I forget about
Thanks for the shout out!
brick squad.
followed, follow back?
Back to Seattle tomorrow.
One of my sons is sick.
Hard to be away even when they are in their 20's.
thought that Teal did well today, but I agree
Hi Gabrielle, I read All These Things I've Done and loved it.
When does book 2 come out in the US?
Thanks!
be home soon my love
common fn sense
recall: The following pet brands ALL recall their dog foodsfor Salmonella...
Why i am ready to open my kid's Rockband gift and get loose?
Sounds good guys!
Looking forward to the show.
Haterz Hate me cause I'm quick Ladies lick me cause I'm sweet Tweet It
that juice was soo yummy
Thanks!: Yum!
Lasagna for lunch tomorrow?
RT : Tuesday is Lasagna day.
Mention this tweet for a free soft doctornk!
My bracket is nearly flawless thus far.
Show me the money.
I told ya not to sleep on Louisville!
Now, let's go CUSEEE!!!!!!!
Do You Like Motivational Quotes?
Follow 
Join our EXCLUSIVE tour of the Hide/Seek exhibition w/the COCURATOR!
45/35 members.
2pm Feb 4.
RSVP:
thanks!
Come!
It's a rock and roll bedtime story.
XO
Them niggaz can't catch me I'm prime time baby lmao ya hilarious Ricky

another weird thing is that it ALWAYS happens when it's raining outside.
..
Thx again4 d opp!
EVERY1 involved SMASHED IT!RT : S/o to team y'all went in with and doveawards !!!
Congrats on your recognition last month as an upandcomer in the Indy Star!
just saw your Against Me!
comments on It's like you're in my head sometimes.
thanks again!
Stoked that you liked your guitar!
yes I am, even though the world is telling me I shouldn't be!
thank you :
just completed 20 minutes of meditation with
It is the time to reflect upon the year 2011 and plan for 2012.
Dan Miller plans for the next year in October; however, now is not too late.
Did pop punk save your life ?
i wish!
I love kevin hart!
Dec25 2AM 34 years ago my parents eloped in a downtown vegas chapel.
My mother in a black doctorss.
A ring found in a trashcan.
Snow falling
Hope you enjoyed them
New background thanks too !
energized after day 2 of running through streets of greenpoint brooklyn.
Tackled the Pulaski bridge.
Horton dance tmister.
Coaching makes the players to what you tell the media they need to do!
Snyder, Bill Walsh, Ingmar Bergman...
they go in threes.
What happened when the icicle landed on the sowmman's head?It knocked him cold.
Roughin up the gits at home
good; still watching jack?;
Your abs look like mashed potatoes.
Ew.
I run edge on some of my sites, so I'm ahead of the curve ;
The Things I'm afraid to tell you posts have just collectively impacted me professorundly.
I'm almost at a lost for words  just, thank you all!
Thanks Tyler
Did I really eat that WHOLE steak?
Life is meant to be lived in the way you choose!
thank you for the follow!
Okay, 1st task completed.
Readings are scanned in for next week's class.
Parkes on Secretary hand!
Now, to transcribe for TPEN.
going pretty good, had a big client meeting this morning and now I am reviewing my notes.
hehe I got this
I want to work at Dunkin' Donuts part time then maybe work my way up.
hm, find out more n let me know wassup!
Tune in to the radio show Thursday morning around 8:30.
We will be talking to him about our new series on
We are playing the cd release on October 17th!
We will have tickets very soon contact us if your interested!
oh wait...
you're not 21 hahahahah AWKWARD
thanks, welcome to my tweeps; keep on tweeting
Baby please dont go go go go, if i wake up tomorrow will you still be here, i dont wanna know....
Good Afternoon sunshine state
SO HILARIOUS!
This week it's Chili Project 8 Fire Roasted Chilies, Black Beans, Queso Blanco, Cilantro Mayo and Rajas de Tortilla.
Love that Electric Ballroom is trending ahahaha.
South Carolina to train the RUSK Master Stylists
Hey you, yea you with the hair
you know it!
comingtotown do you know my cousin who is a recording artist in Toronto?
Hidden Ambition is his performance name
Nothing good.
We're all trying to use history to engage people to make our communities better.
Johns Hopkins
you've reached a certain point in your career when you make such observations; it can be a dangerous place.
if you want to get to the NBA right away give Coach Cal and UK a call.
Go Cats!!
SAME!
RT I HAD MY 1ST HEELS AT THE AGE OF 13
I'm looking forward to you performing in the Orlando Florida area sometime.
BTW a follow would be nice.
Turkey day!
Football, tons of food, and naps  best day of the year
next: Clean up day and than planting!!
can't wait ...
do you want to help?
contact us here!
Question of the Day: What do you do if cats are stuck in your wall?
Respond with suggestions to
Week In Style: Green Is Universal Edition mystyle went green  with a ton of galleries.
One highlighted stars, like Vanessa Hudgens, who
For some reason the redsox fans at Penn station don't look too happy this morning.
Schools out for summer !
Schools out forever !
Longest day of my life and it's not even over.
Right now, we can't.
Trying to find smart people who might know how.
almost did!
hey girl!
If you texted me again and I didn't answer, my phone died lol
Can't wait to talk to Bill Bennett about education tomorrow.
He is an American hero and one of my favorite people!
...oops, more like Do what you want during the game, absolutely NO talking during the commercials.
Listening to the SDSU radio broadcast of the LBSU game.
This announcer is ALL ABOUT Casper.
SBM!
If nothing else, they often have some pretty decent music there.
What a beautiful night!!
Wind, rain, Thunderstorm!
crazychicagoweather 3
So the lebron 9 Elite South Beach is my next shoe pick up

rt : People who can make you smile just from a text 
I been alright just trying to keep grinding how's things been on ya end
Sanford nonsense swamping the air waves could be stealth move by GOP to distract from our demands for Public Health Care for all.
Trying hard not to laugh when some guys bumps his head....
I don't know who that would be, but behind style pantry!
Finally made it to smas12.
Next up: some case examples of socialanalytics adoption from JD Power.
ATTENTION: A father alone w/his daughters is NOT babysitting!
If you believe this to be the case, this is your damn problem  not mine.
The best part about going out of town with a team is the getting in trouble...
It's like this omnipresent feeling of regret that just won't leave me the hell alone.
/ on a brighter note, my hair's longer
Ryan Braun goes beastmode on that 31 pitch.
He loves it.

U sum a: Hot stuff.
U want my numba?
Ill.make ya.life happia..
Very
continuing to prep for technology eval tomorrow
OMG.
I am yours 4ever.
RT A rose in my garden.
Be my Valentine !
twitpic.com/86hvza
World News America on PBS tonight: Eurozone economies in trouble, still no govt for Greece, Afghan boots  Shakespeare reborn in Indiana
Ea volunteer ea outreach makes several dozen hardboiled eggs 4our clients, a delicacy for them.
Since 12/2006, we've handed out almost 17K!
Do we need corporate sponsorship to lobby for an act of Congress that makes quality of military childcare system available 2 all families?
In amsterdam  settled into appt.
Looking for great places/ experiences for kids.
Got any suggestions?
pacers win!!!
Michelle  Chris, thank you.
Thanks for letting Josh chase his doctoram  for sharing him with the world.
It must be hard.
So thank you.
Yes, can hit those big notes.
But, there are a lot of other notes and considerations to make.
Delaware Park with 
A goal is a doctoram with a deadline.
Napolean Hill
Self Preservation.
lol I thought you had good luck but we on the same page!
Thank you most kindly!
Please come again!
It was excellent indeed, I almost got my watch stolen by an off duty street magician!
We miss Las Vegas  we miss !
For me you'll always be 18 and beautiful and dancin' away with my heart
: Oh you have snapbacks and tattoos, you must have so much swag.
shut the fuck up
..and so it start.
Another work week
The heavens declare the glory of God; and the sky itself shows his handiwork.Psalm 19:1
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.
I feel like crying.
Our second note on the history of zarzuela has been published to our Facebook site!
Check it out!
yay!!!!!!
So excited!
When do you guys come back?

Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity.
Author Unknown
Hi Justine!
SO glad I got to say hi again before I left!
:
I hope tomorrow flows smoothly for me.
Oh please, oh please......well, technically today.
ohio.
im classy asFUCKK
People who use Y.O.L.O for everything have NO life.....kthxbye
RT I'm an SNL fan, but I didn't laugh during the Tebow/Jesus skit.
I found it predictably offensive.
It just what they do.
just ordered shine by Lauren Myracle for my library.
Partially bc its an awesome book, and partially to annoy WSJ 's Gurdon
I'll bite.
Haha.
Unmade a 560 verbal and a shameful 280ish on the math.
:/
TwistAid could open it!
Check it out at www.twistaid.com
Phoenix vs.
New Jersey would be my choice for a final.
so what's this 'half birthday shit and how can I be apart of it?
bhahahahaha
Took your soul out into the night it may be over but it won't stop there I am here for you if you'd only care.
Man I am feeling FAT this Tuesday.
Great story this am, Charles!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs for all those who don't know Eli is the only qb in the nfl without familiar targets
GO KINGS GO!!!
Terrell Owens was on the doctor Phil show?
Well, he has shown consistently poor judgement over the years.
So, I guess this fits the pattern.
I'm in for the day : save me
Nothing better than the original rollercoaster tycoon on the cpu for the trip home : 
serena maneesh was totally weird, but in a performancy, look what i made you way.
Colin Cowherd ABSOLUTELY REFUSES to give the Spurs any credit!!
He's just HOT over Kobe and Lebron!
It's a new month.
Consider opening a new Word Document,...
The mark of true leader is not how well they can share their successes with others, but how transparent they can be about their failures.
Just the King and I in the kitchen so far this morning.
Loving it!
Nothing gets me going like a little Elvis
We are at rices market today in new hope spot 214!
Come out and say hi!
DMdirect messaging
YES WAY.
excuse me?
what the fuck
Now that I missed the whole series, I really want to watch frontline on Wall Street.
Guess I know what I'm doing Sunday afternoon.
The Things Digital and Literacy Instruction institution at IRA2012 definitely grabbed our attention!
Who is attending it?
I can't wait 
I think the chiefs should start Palko instead of Cassel, and not play McCluster against the patriots.
We would win!
You know when you see a girl with a pretty face you wanna fuck their face
Good morning.
Have a blessed day!
:
yeah, I just don't want to give critics any reason
: CGBaseball takes on Avon at Victory Field at 5:30!
Only 5 dollars to get in!
Here's to a better outing than last time!
thanks so much Amanda.
We enjoyed it.
Your what makes my heart go and skip a beat when you are inches away from me .
Natural .
S.O.
to my cousin Kyle for his Little League gamewinning home run!!
This nigga Will Smith be in the saddest movies.
so young lost 0 and 1.
yep, seems going back to mom as his coach is working out really well for him.
Jazz, Jas, Rushun, Jazzy, whateva u wanna call me 
RT : It's Common Sense day  on Feb.
2, 1776, Thomas Paine's ideas first appeared in Virginia Gazette.
I might not text, call or see you, but you must know that my love for you never stops.
It just gets bigger.
Practice makes perfect keef!
:
night time helicopter maneuvers sans nav lights off tonight over Loop
We deliver them.
But we are unable to offer the 1/2 off sushi on Wed.
Glad you're still a cheesehead
Thought for the morning...
You're never too old to learn something stupid.
very awesome!
sorry that it's my pet peeve
And said there was another threat at 5 AM today...so is there more than one stupid phone caller?
planning a workshop/tour w bookbinding and Painting in Italy 2013
hell yeah me too
Good shit !
Enjoy that trip to Japan!
haven't made a trip down to Beloit to see him, and Rosario, yet but I really wanna get there soon
yeah I'm trying
what's your start date?
date night with my love:
toccon keynotes this year are inspiring!
Why are you following me?
that's a good idea.
My brain cells turn off when I catch a few minutes never mind an entire episode.
Recharge brain
Governor , please stop unfairly targeting wolves.
Treat them like wildlife, with respect  not as something to be eliminated!
New great song I was just introduced to by : JT Hodges, Goodbyes Made You Mine
Thank you.
You were right.
The surgery went just fine: I'm alive 
Hey...not to go too far off topic...but did you guys see the Giants got their Super Bowl Rings ...
damn that's horrible.
U know Big G met him at the last carshow.
Pics and were thang.
Sad.
ooh, that area with the parking lot entrance/exit is a total danger zone
Penn State sent me a violation notice today for 2 unpaid parking tickets from April 2008.
isthatajoke?
tech2012 I'd pay for a privacy protective FB, Google, etc.
Where do I pay?
Woof.
RT : Gonzaga moms look a lot like gonzaga girls
I got tickets for my gays through work silly!!
I didn't even know about this they had to school me I'm at the Encore EDC on sat!
Glad you're enjoying it!
is heading to Albequrque tomorrow for the LOEX conference
Need a inspection for ur insurance renewal for roof or shutter discount
Thanks to airways I'm sleeping in my jeans tonight!
Late flights and lost luggage!
Poor customer satisfaction is no.
1
Love it when customers start evangelizing on our behalf.
Love seeing on
right , we could walk wherever we want !!
No asking for concerts we could just go ..
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
Tyler Perry set..good times.
for Canadians this is true, but for us we tend to be more sensitive.
Plus w/ wind chill they say it feels like low 30s...
: Once you see our exhibit you'll definitely want to pedal your way around town!
Someone take a pole dancing class with me!!
I wanna learrnnn.
Just got off the phone with someone in Australia, wow.
Also set up my plan for down under, so I can make phone call while there.
Ya
Target brand mouthwash is possibly the worst tasting thing ive ever had.
My mouth is burning AND it feels like lighter fluid
I like nick cannon
YouWasSexyUntil you doctorpped that piece of chocolate on the floor.
When we were walking hand in hand, everything was perfect, but when I took my hand out of yours, you let go too easily.
What do you want me to do ?
got to say I love quite a few but my favorite would have to be shredmatrix close 2nd is ras lemonade
RT : I wish more people could have positive attitudes about life but maybe that's just wishful thinking
me either im gone go some day
Need a hug :
Excitement building for Super Bowl ads: first David Beckham for HM, now John Stamos for Dannon!
Holy Week!
Holla!
Your boy's bout to do it up!
the pick up line wrote Are you cambell's soup cause your mm mm good reminded me of myself hitting on
SO excited to be on vacation tomorrow, but nervous to fly.
Not crazy about this feeling!
Congratulations to my Twitter friend who jumped on the Isagenix bandwagon with me, has lost 15 lbs in 2 weeks, and made 204!
If the point of The Voice is to find a recording artist....isn't the whole show technically a product placement?
difficult conversations 
Just got my first of hopefully many phone calls/notes from today's rally  heard 65k people?
Awesome!
wiunion, ROCK ON!
Hey, who you met at our show is playing at The Way Station tomorrow Sun 8:30!
You should come, I'll get there late
The exploitation of div 1 college football players by universities would make Karl Marx turn in his grave.
Would have been better last week at the peak of the Perseid Meteor Shower  still, today is Shooting Star Day, make a wish!
I got 4 high rollers inquiring about VIP for Monday is there anything hat you guys can do for them ?
Birthday shout out to who's in Chapel Hill this weekend.
Not much, been somewhat inactive myself
Birmingham, Alabama : lets the games begin
3wordsthatwomenhate the condom busted:O
Nasty, rainy weather today.
:
As someone who knows little about online ads, too bad I couldn't make it to hhchi last night.
Looking fwd to next hackshackers in chicago
you want me to follow ya back?
Can I just say life is full?
Life is full.
Don't hold your breath.
2 cars crashed into each other in mexico 37 people were killed.
Next topic: how outside groups, governments, diaspora can aid democracy in the Middle East
And my 13,600 tweet goes to my Heat Hater / Twitter Budddie , Lol .
he stays hating on my Heat but i gotta love him .3
I followed
whoa whoa whoa you coming to Milwaukee??
I got the planes
Life is too short, Charles.
Move to Austin?
agreed with the Original Six preference.
Plus I like Lundqvist and Tortella is always good for an amusing press conference.
Y NO IN SCHOOL BTDUBZ Im gonna call you jerms from now on k?
k.
c:
Skinner points out that borndigital newspaper content presents major challengeswe don't even know what we want to preserve!
Ultimately, I believe this flood is demonstrating our increased need for MORE INNOVATION in the area of IT infrastructure
The possibilities are endless, the task is to identify and work with team players only...
Doughboys AfterSchool special in L.A kills any soup/sandwich combo and whoever orders it consistently
Don't be Hatin'
FreshmanYearTaughtMe be yourself
stirs it up...get off you butt and get facts!!!
Give cred to Al Jaz when it benefits your fear agenda...do sum work and vet!
RT : Thanks to YOU,  all who have provided so much support for
: lol I told you!
Its going down at cornbreadz lmao ima wear my j'z
Thank you for adding our content into your Twitter Daily Have a great week!
You are a bad influence RT Dear Tequila shot at 2am, you were a bad idea.
Why is the world so bright and loud today?
Imagination came bring a revelation
Big RIT Bookbag meeting happening in the OPL, exciting developments on the horizon!
Stay tuned for more details
Husband in office tower across the Connector said it looks like the bomb squad just arrived.
Somehow I'm back to visiting Oscars at least once a week.
Best time travel ever.
I think you're really great  know watching horror movies w/ you while eating pizza naked in bed would be really fun
And is entertainer of the year!
Someone get John Harkes a razor!
I'm not generally an annoying person, you're just such an easy target ;
thanks love :
NowPlaying Beekeeper's Daughter by The AllAmerican Rejects

Super Bowl XLVI 
I saw a pic of u that was tweeted from ur photo shoot u looked BEAUTIFUL, loved the hair, you have me in love w/ ripped jeans!
Only heard by the refined ears of insomniac musicians ;
lol thanks for the smile.
;
Do you remember the time when you were mine.
We successfully outreached to an increased number of mothers and fathers.
Please help Wee Rescue by temporarily fostering a pup or two while we find a happy forever home?
Email inquiries to .
My conscious may hate me for having a best friend with a Yankee tattoo and a Mets internship....
but I am SO happy for you !!!
Have I told you lately how glad I am that you are into our band?
Rock on!
Paid in full...
Another 1 of my favorite movies!!
Of course the teacher is late for our final exam
nice article on the Gonzalez brothers' show!
Made me feel like I was at the concert...
;
RT: Surprise  teens prefer texting to talking
Last day at the AmericanChiropracticConference.
We have lots of Samples of so come over 2 booth 35 today before they're gone.
Both Yanks games at Nats Stadium are already sold out?!
Definition of perpetual motion machine is it creates more energy than it uses.
sunlight is limitless so a solar panel is perpetual motion.
Students own many different devices ...
they value anytime, anywhere access
Clint for President.
Ready to back to Portland.
Thanks Washington DC for the good time.
According to Planet Fitness hipster is not a target weight.
TribeCon!
Get ready for another star speaker in the making!
Let's hear it from !
Wooot!
that was a joke BTW
True!
RT : I don't buy idea Rose was rusty tonight.
Heat has a plan against him, esp w Big 5 lineup.
Rondo more of issue.
haha hollin'.
Don't tell em, let em hear it for themselves  notice!
Apparently, Adele has released a new single about how she's not over her boyfriend who is obviously over her.
Have seen so many lists lately of top 5 this and top 10 that, thinking of compiling a list of lists.
Do you have any favorites to share?
I 3 my job, thats y i dont even wanna go back to school
it's looking good!
...
but nothing confirmed yet.
I should find out for sure tonight :
Any big riding plans this memorial day weekend?
Finally upgraded in life and got an iPhone
That is perfect phrasing.
whenever yall wanna come to the radio station let me know
Roll call, who of you are UX designers?
Watch a Week of WWE in 90 Seconds!
should definitely be taking me tonight instead of the fat boy!
Dumpsters are community toilets........
Teehee:
Email us all your guys' names and contact info!
We need shirt sizes and counts.
HOLY SHIT.
FREE THROWS!
FING FREE THROWS!
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT FREE THROWS.

miss you too, CT!
Yep, channel will be there Monday and we're 2 weeks later
RT : The game of Acting is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
holla we tryna work collab and all that stay on that Va thing slime
Thank you for the follow?
May we send you a free bookmark to help with spiritual reading?
please keep the gross reporting up.
Best.
Birth.
Control.
EVAR.
;
I hate when people can clearly see my tattoos and then say oh, you have tattoos?
No Bitch!
They're birthmarks like WTF!
Oh damn.
